724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
much more, mingle up the laborers of the country,
and then importune Congress to drive through
furtherappropriations for their benefit. The argu-
ment is advanced that so much has been expended,
and so much done, that it is better to sanction it,
and attend to the next abuse, it is best, say they,
now that it is commenced to finish it; otherwise
there will be great loss. Well, sir, I think that in
cases of a character like the present, we should
make it a question of public morals, and bear the
Joes. We might lose money for the present,
though I do not believe it, by stopping this work;
it would be economy in the end, because it would
be a lesson to Congress to legislate in the future
with more care; and it would be a benefit to those
who put our laws in execution, because it would
teach them to examine them with greater care, and
learn contractors not to rely for labor and mate-
rials upon this loose and uncertain compensation
in future, which many are pleased to term the faith
of Congress. The external pressure to get this
through, I am aware, is very great. I have been
waited upon by public officers, and by committees
of laboring men; and we all know that this is a
part of the machinery which is used in cases of
this character. I deny pay to no contractor—to
no laborer. I would give to the poor and honest
laborer everv farthing of his due. 1 would pay
to every honest and fair contractor his just award,
and the sun should notgo down ere those dues were
obliterated; but I will sanction no departure from
what is manifestly the right course of procedure,
because of this external pressure, nor shall the two
subjects be connected, so far as i am concerned.
Let us look a little into this cjuestion of allowing
the contractor to proceed at his pleasure. Honest
laborers have been for months without money,
and but for the assistance of brokers, almost at
the point of starvation, because of the course pur-
sued. They could get no money, because there-
was no appropriation; and if they worked, and as
the work was going on they desired to work, they
were compelled to take certificates for their work,
which they were forced to have shaved to then-
own great pecuniary loss, in order to obtain neces-
saries for their families. Sir, it was wrong to go
beyond the appropriation. I think it was the duty
of the executive officer to have forbidden the carry-
ing forward of this building a single day beyond the
time when the appropriation became exhausted.
It has been thought otherwise, however. The
Secretary of the interior says he directed other-
wise, and the architect does not admit that he
encouraged it; but, like many other things, it was
nobody's fault.
Mr. SEWARD. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DICKINSON. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not clearly understand
the statement that was made by my colleague
when he says the Secretary of the Interior di-
rected otherwise. 1 wish to be informed in what
respect he directed otherwise ?
3VIr. DICKINSON. He informed them that the
appropriation was expended as I understand it,
and that the work could not or should not pro-
ceed. But it did go on. I say, I think he should
have forbidden them to go on; he should have
prevented them from going further; he should
nave turned them out of possession. That is what
I think he should have done. He did, it is true,
direct them not to proceed, but they nevertheless
went on. The result is, as I have already said,
that the laborers have been left without their pay
for a number of months; some of them have had
to sell their certificates; some have had to use
their credit in the market, and at the groceries, as
best they could, for their daily subsistence; and it
has brought upon them much distress—a thing
which the circunistanccs of the Government cannot
justify. This Government is neither dishonest nor
a pauper Govei mnent. They have a disposition as
well as the ability to pay the laborer his hire, and no
gentleman of respectability would for a momentjua-
tify or tolerate, where he had the control, the with-
holding of the value of their labor from those who
are employed on the public works. And I cannot
justify the conduct of public officers who incur
obligations f u* labor, or permit them to be incur-
rtd, without having the means of discharging such
obligations, making outlays so far beyond the
appropriations, allowing the work to go on with
money to pay for it; contractors to issue certi-
ficates; make them a currency for the laborers,
until the half-starved laborers are driven to impor-
tune Congress to pass a law to pay them, which
they would not think of passing for any other
reason.
Now, I will 3tate some reasons why 1 think it
must have been clear to every one, who took the
pains to examine the subject, that Congress never
intended to go upon any such plan. 1 take first
the question in regard to the patent fund itself.
The amount of the patent fund, on the first of
January, 1849, was $216,468 85. At the last
session, Congress appropriated out of this fund
§50,000 toward the wings of the Patent Office. It
was estimated by the Commissioner of Patents,
and Mr. Robert Mills, the architect who has now
the charge of this great and extravagant structure,
that the residue of the entire expense of construct-
ing the Patent Office wings would be $100,000,
leaving a balance m the patent fund of $66,468 83,
when they were completed and ready for use.
From the first of January, 1849, to the first day of
January, 1850, the receipts of the Patent Office were
$3,037 34, which raised that fund to §69,505 ]7.
The bill of the House proposes an appropriation
of §90,000 more out of the patent fund, which will
make §140,000 out of that fund altogether, for the
last year and this. Now let us look at the finan-
cial question connected with the patent fund—for
no one Contemplates taking the money out of the
Treasury of the United States. The arguments of
the Commissioner, and the language used in Con-
gress at the time of making the appropriations,
show that the supposition was, that the patent fund
would be sufficient to sustain the whole charge.
It was considered a self-sustaining fund. Now,
suppose you take the amount estimated by the
architect as necessary for completing the structure
out of the patent fund, which, when we commenced
upon it, was only §216,468 83, taking out enough
to cover the lowest estimate, it will swallow up the
patent fund to commence with, and leave a debt of
§383,531 17, which, with interest at six per cent.,
would be §23,011 87, with a net annual income
of only §3,036 34, taking last year as a guide to
pay it with. Such would be the result of taking
the §600,000, if no larger sum, u out of the patent
fund." It is clear that neither the Executive de-
partment nor Congress intended to authorize any
such structure:
1st. Prom the plan and estimate of Commis-
sioner Burke, upon which Congress acted, made
up by Mills, the architect, who conducts the pres-
ent plan, and on file m the Patent Office.
2d. The remarks of Mr. Farrelly on proposing
the amendment giving the dimensions of the build-
ing and the cost at §150,000.
3d. The small amount appropriated compared
with the enormous cost.
4th. That the expense of the addition was to be
" taken out of a fund amounting to only about
one third the lowest estimated cost of the present
plan—the cost being §600,000, and the fund kt out
of which it is to be taken" §200,000.
5th. The absence of ail recommendation from
any quarter whatsoever for such an addition, of
all knowledge that any such work was contem-
plated, and of all necessity for it for any purpose,
and especially tfte purpose for which the appro-
priation was recommended, and actually made, to
accommodate the business of the Patent Office.
But Mr. Ewhank, the present Commissioner,
speaks of it in this way:
<k These additional structures are not required for the
proper bushier of the ofhee, but are intended to accommo-
date other branches of the Government, and those bitter
able to p  y tor them. Altf r contributing $108,01.0 to erect
the present building, it is deemed manifestly wrong to ab-
sorb what ha* always been considered the luventoip'own
fund, to increase the facilities of other departments. When
the upper saloon of the present building, (moie than one
thud, And by tar the be&t pari ot the whole,) temporarily oc-
cupied hy lite collections of the exploring expedition and
the National Institute, is restored to the offtce, on the com-
pletion ol the SinitlL-onian Institute, to whit h the collection
is to be removed, no tuither accommodation, a,s regards
room, will be required by tins bureau."
I suppose he speaks ex cathedra, but I would '
like to know on what authority. Certainly not 1
i upon authority derived from Congress. This |
I work, as I have said, was supposed to be for the >
| benefit of the Patent-Office; but this official says
! not only that it was not intended for the Pateut-
| Office, but that it was intended for a department
| which was much better able to pay the expense
j of building. Why, then, did they not say so at
I first, and take the money out of the patent fund r
This fund was appropriated, or intended to be ap-
propriated, to purposes of science; and if this
additional structure is intended for a department
better able to pay the expense, they should have
paid it, and not taken the money from the patent
fund. Sir, this was never heard of in the commu-
nications from the Patent-Office, or any executive
department, and in the language of Mr. Farrelly,
who reported the amendment in the other house,
is significant, clear, and distinct, and shows that
it was intended for the Patent-Office, and for no
other purpose.
But, further: Mr. Ewbank says, " No further
accommodation, as it regards room, is required in
this bureau-," that is, the Patent-Office. This
great structure is not wanted for the purposes of
the Patent-Office at all, but for other departments,
better able to pay than that office is; and we have
a bill before us appropriating $90,000 of thisfund,
belonging to inventors, for the purpose of making
this structure, or of oomtibuting to it, for the
benefit of another department that is better able
to pay.
Sir, the Secretary of the Interior in his annual
report speaks on this subject as follows:
"The ieport of the Commissioner of Patents, which will
be presented at an early day, will show a large surplus fund
accumulated from their contributions, a part of which was
appropriated at the last session of Confess * toward the
erection of the wings of the Patent-Office building.' Aro pari
of thin addition is considered necessary jor the use of that
office. Instead of thus dnecting this lund to a general pur-
pose of the Government, it would seem but just to apply it
as the Comniisssionei recommends, or in such othei manner
that the wisdom ot Congress may suggest, for the encour-
agement of the inventive arts, and the jeward of succctfefu-l
inventors."
Now, I inquire emphatically and significantly, -
where did the suggestion originate that this build-
ing was to be erected for any other purpose than
for the Patent Office? If it was not wanted for
this purpose, there was no urgency for it, and it
certainly might have jested without detriment until
the meeting of Congress, when it could have ex-
plained the meaning of the law, if it could not be
understood; but it seems to me there was no diffi-
culty in the matter in the way of any one who
would examine it.
I have no feeling, sir, on this subject, except an
official one. All who arc connected with this
building are strangers to me. I know not the face
of a single individual,or at least did not until this
measure came under my consideration as a mem-
ber of this committee. Numerous friends have
desired me, now that the work has commenced
and gone so far, to let it go on, because otherwise
its stoppage would give rise to much expense.
But, sir, for that very reason I would not allow it
to proceed. I propose that this work should be
carried out in the manner in which it was intended
to be carried out in the original bill. I am for
bringing it back in conformity to that official and
authentic plan of the Commissioner of Patents.
I would cheerfully pay these honest laboring men;
have an estimate made with the contractors, and
after settling with them, start out anew. After
this matter shall be stricken out, I propose to offer
an amendment, providing that the building shall go
up on the plan recommended by Commissioner
Burke, the plan adopted by the House of Repre-
sentatives originally, taking down such parts as go
beyond this. I shall propose in my amendment
to appropriate the sum of $50,000; and if that is
not enough, the sum of $100,000; at any rate, an
amount sufficient to pay contractors and laborers,
to complete the work, and take down what was
unauthorized and is useless. 1 wish, sir, to be on
record in the most unmistakable terms against this
out-door legislation, in making appropnations that
are against all reason. 1 know that the contractors
were anxious to go on and make money, and of
this I do not complain, for that is the case with all
contractors; and 1 am for indemnifying all honest
contractors for all the labor done, and all damage
actually sustained by a chringe.
The amendment, as I have before said, which I
propose to introduce in the {dace of the present
amendment, provides that this work shall proceed
and be finished in conformity to the intentipn and
plan of the last Congress, which made the appro-
priation that has now run out, referring to the
plan of the Commissioner, which certainly cannot
be mistaken for one which for a quarter of a cen-
tury had been sleeping, and was only exhumed
when Consress had ciosed its session. It was
then found to be so controlling as to admit of no
