1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1810
And the question, Is there a second to the de-
mand for the previous question ?" was taken, and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 90, noes 50.
So there was a second.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the bill be referred
to the CommitteCbf the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order#
after the previous question has been seconded.
The question is,44 Shall the main question be now
put?"
The question was taken, and the House decided
that the main question should now be taken.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion h not in order
after the main question has been ordered.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the bill be laid upon
the tableland upon that motion I ask the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Arid the question, " Shall the bill belaid upon
the table?'' was taken, and resulted—yeas 52,
nays 137; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashmun, Averett,
Baker, Bayly, Beale, Bowdon, Breek, Brook?, E. C. Cabell,
Calvin, Ca ey, Chandler, Clarke, Clingman, Deherry, Drek-
ey, Dixon, Duncan, Edmundson, Eliot, Gentry, Grinnell,
Haymond, Hebard, Milliard, Holladay, James L.Johnson,
Robeii W.Johnson, Kerr, McDowell. McGaughey, McMul-
len, McWillie,MifJson,Moore, Morton,Ogle, Ofr, Outlaw,
P.irker, Powell, Schenck, Seddon, Frederick p. Stanton,
Ei?har.d H. Suinton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus.
Stevens, Underbill, Vinton, and White—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andrews,
Ashe, Bay, Bingham, Bisseli, Booth, Bowlin, Briegs, Albert
G. Brown, William J. Brown, JBuel, Butrows, Burt, Ches-
'ter Butler, Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P.
Cald ■ ell, Campbell, Cartter, Cleveland, W. R. W. Cobb,
Colcock, Cole, Corwi ,Crowell, Daniel, Dimmick, Disney,
Doty, Dunham, Di rkee,Ewmg, Featherston, Pifh, Fowler,
Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Gilmore, Gott, Gould, Green, Hall,
Hamilton, Hampton, Haralson, Harlan, Isharn G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Henry, Hibbard,
Howe, Hubbard, Jn?e, Joseph W. Jackson, William T.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, James G. King,
John A. Kin& Preston King, La Sfere, Leffier, LittlefieJd,
Horace Mann, Job Mann, Marshall, Mason, Matteson,
MuClernand, McDonald, McLanahan, Finis JG. McLean,
McQueen, McWilhe, Meacham, Miller, Morris, Nelson,
Otis, Peaslee, Phelps, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Heed, Rich-
ardson, Risley, Robbins, Robinson, Root, Rose, Ross, Rum-
sey,"Sacketi, Savage, Sawtelle, Schermerhorri, Schoolcraft,
Silvester, Spauldmg, Sprague, Stanly, Stetson, Taylor,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Jrumss Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Tuck, Venable, Walden, Waldo, Wallace,
Wellborn, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildnck, Williams,
Wood, Wright, and Young—137.
So the House decided that the bill should not be
laid upon the table.
Mr. TAYLOR rose to move a reconsideration
of a vote, (not heard by the Reporter,) but sup-
posed to be the vote just taken. But on a decision
by the Speaker that the question was not debata-
ble—
Mr. T. withdrew the motion to reconsider.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
read a third time by its title—
And the question being, li Shall this bill pass?"
Mr. HALL called the previous question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. BAYLY moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill had been ordered to a third
reading.
Mr. HALL. Did the gentleman vote in the af-
firmative?
The SPEAKER. There was no division; any
member therefore can make the motion.
Mr. JONES. I rise to a question of order
The House has seconded the demand for the pre-
vious question on the passage of ihe bill. The
main question has been ordered to be taken. Now,
I submit whether we can go back and reconsider
the vote by which the bill had been ordered to be
engrossed, thus setting aside the question on the
passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
in order. If the House should reconsider, the
question will again be on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
Mr. BAYLY. I believe the motion to recon-
sider is debatable.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. BAYLY. I desire very much to be heard
for a few moments.
The SPEAKER. The question is not deba-
table,
Mr. JONES. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair, that the motion to reconsider is in order.
Mr. BAYLY. As the motion to reconsider is
not debatable, I withdraw the motion*
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr, RICHARDSON renewed the motion to
reconsider, and moved to lay that motion on the
table; but at the appeal of several gentlemen—
He withdrew the motion.
Mr. MARSHALL called for the reading of
the bill. It was again read.
The question, Shall the bill pass? was taken
and decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HALL moved to reconsider the vote, and
to lay that motion on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The title of the bill  
Mr. BAYLY addressed tho Speaker, and was
recognized.
He inquired if the motion upon agreeing to the
title was debatable ?
The SPEAKER. If an amendment is moved
the motion'is debatable.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the previous question is not
exhausted, and therefore debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is ex-
hausted. The Chair, however, would state to the
gentleman from Virginia, that the. range of debate
is very limited.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to amend the title by
making it "a bill to deprive the citizens of Virginia
of their vested rights,"
And (said Mr. B.) I want to show that that is
the character of the bill, and hence that that ought
to be its title.
Mr. BURT. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina will suspend until order is restored.
A pause ensued.
Mr. BURT. My point of order is, that the
proposed amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not germane to the bill, and is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot rule the
amendment out of order.
Mr. BAYLY resumed the floor.
At the suggestion (said he) of my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Boyd,] I propose to modify my
amendment by inserting, " and the citizens of Ken-
tucky, " as he says the rights of some of his con-
stituents are also involved.
In 1832, (continued Mr. B.,) the Congress of
the United States passed an act recognizing the
obligation of this Government to liquidate certain
claims of the citizens of Virginia. By that act,
the Secretary of the Treasury was made the jud^e
between this Government and the citizens of Vir-
ginia. Subsequent acts of Congress transferied
that duty to the Secietary of the Interior. Here
is a case in which we recognized the claims, and
constituted a tribunal for their adjudication. The
Supreme Court of the United States have decided,
over and over again, that wheie a law of Congress
makes the accounting officers of the Treasury a
tribunal to adjust the claims of citizens against the
Government, the rights of the claimants become
vested, and the Government is absolutely bound
by the decisions of the tribunals which they have
constituted. More than this: in 1823, a question
arose, in which Mr. Wirt gave an opinion to the
same effect. Mr. Wirt decided that the right
vested, and there was no power in the Government,
in all its departments, to divest thoserights. Again:
in 1842, there was a case where one of the Comp-
trollers decided a claim against this Government,
and an attempt was made to prevail on Mr. John C.
Spencer to reveise the decision of the accounting
officers. He said he had not the power to do it;
and he went further, and said that all the depart-
ments of the Government had not that power.
His language, used in a circular, was 
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is, that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not confining himself to the merits of the
proposition he has made. He ought to confine
his remarks to the showing the propriety of the
proposed change, to the showing that this bill does
divest vested rights; instead of which, he is under-
taking to show that this Government has not the
power to divest vested rights. The two questions
are entirely different. I call the gentleman - to
order.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Baylt.) The Chair
would state to the gentleman from Virginia that
his remarks are taking too wide a range. The gen-
tleman must confine himself to the propriety of the
title; and the merits of the bijj are not open to dis-
cussion. «
Mr. BAYLY resumed the floor. 1 desire (said
he) to read what was the opinion of John C. Spen-
cer.
[He commenced to read from the said opinion.]
Mr. GREEN again interposed and renewed his
call to order.
The SPEAKER. ^ The Chair must insist upon
the gentleman's confining; his remarks strictly to
the merits of the title. If the precedent is estab-
lished of allowing a general debate upon agreeing
to the title of the bill, it will very gieatly retard
the business of the House.
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said he wanted to
show, and he was going on, a3 he considered, to
show that these were vested rights. He must do
that before he could show that ihis hill could divest
them. He would show that this bill did this an<3
it ought to have its proper character stamped upon
its face.
The SPEAKER again stated that the gentleman
from Virginia was taking too widearangeofdebate.
Mr. BAYLY. Here is a case where the vested
rights of a large number of citizens of this Repub-
lic are concerned. The House have received a
bill, sustained tjie previous question, and acted
upon the bill without referring it to a committee;
and it was to«be rushed through in one day.
Mr. GREEN. That is out of order.
Mr. BAYLY. I see I cannot get on with my
remarks in the way 1 wish. As much as I feel
outraged by the action which has been taken,} shall
not undertake to indulge the expression of the
feelings which pervade my breast. I withdraw
the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The title of the bill then
stands, if no objection is made.
No objection was made.
Mr. BURT. I desire to know if the action of
the House on this bill is not complete?
The SPEAKER. It is.
THE COMMISSARIAT OP TtfE ARMY.
Mr. BURT. Then I ask the unanimous con-
sent that the Committee of the Whole on the stat8
of the Union be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the Senate bill 126, being a bill to in-
crease the commissariat in the army of the United
States.
.1 desire (said he) that the committee should be
discharged from the further consideration of this
bill, that it may take its place on the Speaker's
table.
I do not ask action upon it now. I make that •
motion.
No objection being made—
The motion was entertained, and the question
being taken it was agreed to.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was accordingly discharged, and the bill
took its place on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CROWELL asked and obtained leave to
offer the following-resolution; which was agreed
to, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts are hereby
instructed to allow for ibe payment of the extra copies of
the Digt-st of Patents, from 1790 to 1847, required by the
Commissioner of Patents to enable- bun to comply with the
resolution of the House of May 9,1850.
Mr. GOTT moved to reconsider the vote by
which that resolution was passed, and to lay that
motion on the table; which latter motion was
agieed to.
Mr. GILBERT asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent to offer the following joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of California; which, on his
motion, were laid on the table and ordered to be
printed, viz:
A joint resolution in relation to a National road
from the Pacific ocean to the Mississippi river;
A joint resolution in favor of grants of land to
the commanding officers who served in the late war
with Mexico; and
And a joint resolution for an appropriation of
certain moneys for the establishment of marine
hospitals at tne port of San Francisco.
Mr. GILBERT also, by unanimous consent
gave notice that he would to-morrow, or some sub-
sequent day, ask leave to introduce bills of the
following titles:
