1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tM
d-elay or modification; and although it contempla-
ted a dark rich stone, it was found convenient and
justifiable to change it for costly and glaring
white marble, which, contrasted with the grayish
freestone of the building 011 F street, is, in my
view, in very bad taste, to say the least.
I trust, sir, that I have made myself understood.
I am opposed to taking this patent fund to con-
struct buildings for any other purpose than for
the purpose of the Patent Office. I know it may
be said that it is objectionahle that it should pay
rent. I have spoken on this subject heretofore.
I am opposed to the system of paying rent by this
Government; but the Government had better pay
rent till doomsday, than permit this lavish and
profligate expenditure of public money for what is
not required.
Now, the plain proposition al! ends in this-:
Congress intended to expend $150,000 for the
benefitofthe Patent Office; and those who have the
management have undertaken a work that will
cost, at the lowest estimate, $600,000, and one
that is not wanted for any purpose, much less for
the Patent-Office; and this cannot be argued away,
or ff'opsed over.
With this explanation, I have done. If the
Senate choose to take the responsibility of making
the appropriation, [ shall have done my duty in
opposing- U.
Mr. PEARCE. I was one of the members of
the Committee on Finance that did not concur in
the recommendation to strike out, and i do not
concur in many of the views that have just been
presented by the chairman of the committee. If
Congress are disposed, sir, to retrace their steps,
to repeal their legislation, to undo what they have
done, and to leave the wreck of the present wing**
of the Patent Office building as a monument of
legislative folly, why be it so; but it will be a mon-
ument of their folly, and of the folly of nobody
else. If we look into the legislation of Congress,
in regard to this business, we shall see, to be sure,
a good many surprising things; but we shall find
nothing that criminates any member of the present
Executive. Now, sir, I differ from the chairman
of the Finance Committee in this: The chairman
thinks that the Secretary of the Interior should
not have authorized the erection of this building
upon the plan on which it has been progressing;
he thinks that he ought to have stopped it, and to
have adopted a different plan, which he has sug-
gested: and that, in consequence of the smallness
of the appropriation, the Secretary of the Interior
should either have confined himself to that other
p-lan, or to the erection of a single wing. Now,
str, if you look at the act of Congress, which was
the sole guide for the direction of the Secretary,
you will find this provision; "Toward the erec-
tion of the wings of the Patent Office building,
'eccording to the-original plan, and under the
* direction of the Secretary ofthe Interior, $50,f)00,
* to be paid out of the patent fund," &c. This
language is so plain that no one can misunder-
stand it. Let me ask, then, what was the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior, when he proceeded
to carry out the provision in the act of Congress
which I have read? Undoubtedly, the first thing
was to ascertain what was the original plan.
Weil, for that purpose, he might very well have
sent, as I presume he did send, to the ofiicc ofthe
Commissioner of Public Buildings, to ask what
information was to be found there touching the plan
of the building. I take leave to say here that the
original plan was the only one—that is to say, the
only plan ever adopted by the Executive, or recog-
nized by any legislation of Congress. I was a
member of the House of Representatives at the
time of the passage of the law under which it
was erected. Its history is this: In ]836 Con-
gress authorized the erection of new Patent Office
buildings, according to a plan to be adopted and
approved of by the President of the United States.
In pursuance of that law, General Jackson in-
vited plans for such a building to be sent to him.
Several plans were sent in. He adopted one
prepared by Mr. Elliot, an architect very well
known in this city; a copy of whose draft was
at the time exhibited in Congress, and hung up
about this building, and is at this time hanging
m the room of the Finance Committee. General
Jackson adopted that plan, and Congress two
years afterward passed an appropriation, by which
Mr, Elliot was paid $300 for the drawing. That
plan, adopted by General Jackson under the
original law, was the only one ever recognized by
Congress, and although the sanction of Congress
was not necessary, it was given by the act author-
izing the payment to Mr. Elliot. Upon that plan
the present structure, so far as it goes, waserected,
and Congress, from time to time, voted large
sums—over $400,000—for its completion. Now,
hear in mind that this is the only plan known to
the legislation of Congress—the only one that
ever received the approbation of the Executive, to
whose discretion it was referred, and that all the
other plans spoken of by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance are merely things projected
by individuals unknown, under the law, as neither
Mr. Burke, Mr. Ellsworth, nor anybody else,
had any power, from Congress or otherwise, to
adopt a new plan or modify the original one.
Now, all this was ascertained by the Secretary of
tlie Interior. As soon as he proceeded to execute
the section of the law which I have read, he had
to send to the Commissioner of Public Buildings
for all the information there, and to the Patent
Office for the original drawing, and to apply the
money appropriated by Congress to the erection
of wings according to the original plan. If he
had departed from that plan, he would have vio-
lated his duty. If he had undertaken to suspend
the work, because the appropriation was not so
large as he in his wisdom thought that Congress
should have made, he would have been guilty
of a usurpation of the authority of Congress, or
have been chargeable with a dereliction of duty,
for which he would undoubtedly have received the
condemnation of all parties. He knew his duty ;
better. He knew that it did not pertain to the
heads of departments to repeal or suspend acts of
Congress, and to depart from the plan which Con-
gress, or the Chief Magistrate under its authoiity,
had adopted and prescribed.
I admit, sir, as the chairman of the Finance
Committee has very properly and truly stated,
that Congress blundered in this matter at the last
session, as they often do. An honorable member
of the House of Representatives, who was doubt-
less entirely ignorant of the effect of his own
amendment, stated m a speech upon this subject—
and I do not remember that any other speeches
were made upon it in that body—that, accoiding
to the calculations of an able and experienced
architect, $150,000 would erect wings for the Pat-
ent Office building. He did not say, nor could he
have said, that that sum would defray the expense
of wings, constructed according to theorigmal plan,
but he referred no doubt to that plan of a restricted
and diminished building, which had been sug-
gested by Mr. Burke, and which the chairman of
the Finance Committee tells you, on the authority
of the present Commissioner of Patents, is not
necessary for the Patent Office, while it is entirely
insufficient for the accommodation of the other
offices proposed to be put m that building when
completed. The Senator from New York has asked
by whose authority and with whom originated the
plan for accommodating other public offices in the
building? The Commissioner of Patents says that
the present structure is sufficient to accommodate
the Patent Office proper; so that it must necessa-
rily be supposed that the wings were intended for
some other purpose; and no other purpose would be
consistent with the erection of such a public build-
ing but the accommodation of some other of the
public offices; and as there are a good many of the
public offices at present located in buildings in the
city, rented for that put pose at an annual expense of
more than $20,000, most of which are neither suit-
able nor convenient, 1 think it was but reasonable
for the Secretary of the Interior or the Commis-
sioner of Patents to suppose that it was intended to
accommodate other public offices m this building.
But they take nothing out of the hands of Con-
gress; they usurp no authority when they enter-
tain that opinion; it is but an opinion, and they
cannot be reproached with a dereliction of duty
for holding that opinion. I admit that, in passing
this appropriation at the last session, Congress
did not know what they were about; that they did
not know what the original plan was, or what the
erection of the wings would cost; but in all that,
they did nothing more than what they have done,
in a hundred other cases, or as often as public
buildings have been erected. I recollect that eight
years ago, when I was a member of the House of
Representatives, a proposition was submitted that
no appropriation for any public building should
be made until the plan and an estimate of the cost,
had been presented to Congress; and approved
of; but it was thought Congress could not well
tie its own hands in this way; so the subject was
dropped. ,
Now> I said there was something curious in the
history of the Patent Office building, and I think
I will relate it. In 1836 a bill passed this body for,
the erection of a new Patent Office, which appro-
priated $108,000 for the erection of the building
and the proper furniture for it. That bill failed in
the Hou^e of Representatives; but an amendment
to the general appropriation bill was passed, ap-
propriating the same sum, and limiting the whole
expense for building and furniture to $108,000,
and submitting to the President of the United
States the selection and adoption of the plan on
which it was to be erected. Congress was more
liberal and obedient to the Executive then than
now. They allowed a wider latitude and con-
struction, a larger discretion; and permitted the
Executive in those days to assume a little re*
sponsibility, which now would be visited with
heavy punishment. The old General, regarding
good taste, public spirit, and national magnifi-
cence more than the stinted economy of Con-
gress, in directing the erection of a building to
cost $108,COO, adopted the plan of Mr. Elliot,-
which, J suppose, will cost nor far from $1,000,000,
and Congress very meekly kissed the rod with
which he chastised them, and in about eieht
months after, passed a bill for another $100,000,'
without a word of rebuke or reproach from any
man of either party in either branch of Congress.
These appropriations were repeated from time to
time, until the present structure—less than a quar-
ter of the building proposed by General Jackson—
was completed at a cost of about $450,000. That
was the liberal way in which we did things ten
years ago.
Now, the Secretary of the Interior does not take
it upon himself to be quite so liberal and mag-
nificent as all this. He is content with looking to
the letter of the law, and following it just as close
as he can. He sent for a copy of the original
plan, and for General Jackson's instructions to
Mr. Mills, a copy of which I hold m my hand.
After adopting the plan of Mr. Elliot, which he
says Mr. Mills is to follow, he says:
" I further appoint RobertMills as arcliilectto aid in form-
ing the plans,, making proper ehanses therein from time to
tiirie, and seeing to the erection of said buildings, in substan-
tial conformity to the plans here.by adopted, which are in
their general outlines to be, as to the Treasury building, that
plan amiexed'by said Mills; and as to ibe Patent Office, that
annexed by Mr. Elliot—the former baifdmg to be erected,
on the old site, and the latter one oo the Square north of (he
Post Office. ANDHEW'JACKS0N. _
Now, sir, when the Secretary of th6 Interior
had got the plan of Mr. Eiiiot, and these instruc-
tions of General Jackson, and was proceeding to
carry out the act of Congress, what could he do—
what ought he to have done—but to appoint an
architect and enter into contracts, in conformity
wilh thelaw, to erect these wingsof the Patent Office
upon the original plan. He bad no discretion to
adopt a new plan, or to vary the old one—to begin
one wing and leave the other untouched; but as a
prudent man he took this step; he directed the ex-
cavation to be made for the wing on the west side
of the building, and the foundations to be laid, so
as to be prosecuted rapidly in the ensuing sum-
mer, if1 it pleased Congress to make the necessary
appropriations; and with regatd to the eastern
wing, the foundations were laid, and the building
carried up a few feet above the surface.
The construction naturally put on the act -tff
Congress was, that as he was to proceed with the
erection of both wings, and not to exceed the
sum of $50,000 of expenditure, until Congress
should meet again, it must have been the intention
of Congress to have the foundations of the wings
prepared, so as to be ready to be proceeded wi'h
next summer, when a further appropriation might
be made, and to go on wilh the other wing as fast
as the appropriation would permit. At all events,
this seemed Co be the most discretft and judicious
mode of applying the funds voted by Congress.
This he did,and when the appt opriation was out,
he directed all expenditure on the building to cease;
and it is no fault of his that the work went on
through an arrangement hetween the contractors
and the laborers. The laborers were unwilling at
the beginning of the winter, or at the close of the
fall, to ieave this place, which they had selected as
