1820
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
Sept. W,
A Hill to authorize and direct the payment of
certain moneys into the treasury of the State of
California, which were collected in the ports of
said State as a revenue upon imports, since the
ratification of the treaty of peace between the
United States and tKe Republic of Mexico, and
prior to the admission of said State into the
Union.
Also, a bill to establish certain Hght-houses,
fo0" signals, beacons, and buoys, on Ihe coast of
the Stare of California, and for the survey of the
coast and harbors of eaid State.
3Mr. HAR-EtlS, of Illinois, asked the unanimous
consent to introduce a resolution, to which (he
said) he was sure no member would object.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That Brevet Brigadier General Bennett Riley,
be admitted to a seat within the Hall of this House.
Mr. ASHEnhjected.
Mr. HARRIS moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to offer the resolution. He trusted
the House would adopt the resolution. It related
to a gallant officer who had served his country in
the army of the United States for forty years.
Mr. BURT. As this is a very unprecedented
motion, I demand the yeas and nays.
The naYs were ordercd.
Mr. HARRIS withdrew his motion.
Mr. BAYLY moved to suspend the rules, and
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, appealed to the
gentleman to withdraw the motion, in order to en-
able him to ask leave to withdraw certain papers
from the files of the House. _
Mr. BAYLY withdrew his motion.
Mr. HARRIS asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent to withdraw the papers in the case
ofH. L Thistle from the files of the House, to
be presented at one of the departments.
Mr. DUNHAM, asked, and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the ca^e of Mary Renner.
Mr. THOM PSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House proceed to call the committees for re-
ports; and (said he) I hope, after that business is
disposed of, the House will proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table. Let us go to work.
Mr. FOWLER appealed to the gentleman to
give way to allow him to offer a resolution.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would be glad to ac-
commodate the gentleman, but if he yielded to
one, he should have to yifeld to others, for he was
appealed to by gentlemen all around the House.
He must, therefore, insist upon his motion.
The morion was put, and agreed to.
So the House de'ermined to proceed to the call
of the committees for reports.
the printing of congress.
Mr. McWILLI R, from tf/e Joint Committee
on Printing, to which was referred the memorial
of William M. Belt, contractor for certain classes
of the public, printing under the joint resolution of ji
the 3d of August, 1846, asking to be relieved from j
the execution of said contract, made a repoit \\
thereon !|
TheSPE^KER. What disposition of the sub- j]
jeot does the genileman propose ? j;
' Mr. McWILLIE. There are certain resolu- !
tions appended to the report, which 1 ask the •
House to act upon. |
Mr. ASHMUN. Does not the call of the com- }
mittccs commence at the Committee of Ways and j
Means, where the call left off?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Printing 1
have the privilege to report at any time. This
report would have been in order without a motion
to proceed to the call of the committees.
The report of Mr. McWillie was read:
The Committee on Printine, to whom was referred the
ttif morial of William M Belt, contractor for certain clas«es
of the public printing, under the joint art of the two Houses
of Congress, passed tin-3d of August, 1S46, report. That they
have had tlu- same under consideration, and are *-ati-fied
that the contract if one of great los-= to the contiaetor; and
further, that without some modification of the contract, that
it will not he in the power of the cotmactor to continue to
execute hio contract for the present Congress. Your com-
mittee ha-* not thought it necessary or proper to go beyond
the ascertainment of the e facts, as they fully meet the ob-
iect of the memorialist, and the nece-situ s of Congress in
relation to the public pnnttng. Your committee has also
confined it-- inquiries to these points, from the fact that a
special committee has been raided by the House, intrusted
With the general subject of the public printing.
As evidence of the ruinous rate to the contractor, at which
the pliblic printing has been taken, your committee state
that ah that the contractor gets for the first volume of the
President's message and accompanying documents, contain-
ing 850 pa«f"S , is 29jj cents without the binding; and for the
ronorton the finance--, a volume of 995 pages, he icceives
36£ cents. From the best information in the power of the
committee, this is not half the cost of the paper, composi-
tion, and press work. The compensation for nearly all the
extra volumes ordered, is in the same ratio.
The evidence as to the second proposition, that is: that
the contractor will not be able to execute his contract lor
printing, is to be found in the notice which he has given the
House, that he will not be able to go on with the work, at
the present rates of compensation, aifd in the ruinous char-
acter of the contract, which but few private fortunes could
hear. In this state of the facts, in relation to the public
printing, it has become necessary that some new arrange-
ment should be made, for even if the present contractor
was to continue to struggle on with the printing, that which
is already ordered would not he executed before the next
session of Congress. Your committee, therefore, with a
view to the ends of justice, and that the public printing may
be executed, would recommend the adoption of the accom-
panying joint resolution.
WTLLfAM MoWrLLTE,
Chairman of (he Committee on Printing.
AJoinf Resolution in relation io the Public Printing.
Resolred hy 1hc Seriate and House of Representatives of
the United States of .America in C-jnx.ress assembltrf, That
William M. Belt, contractor for certain classes of the pub-
lic priming, be released from his contract under the provis-
ions of the joint resolution of August 3d 1846, for the print-
ing for the Thirty-first Congress ; and that tie be paid at the
rate of forty-five per cerit. reduction on the prices of print-
ing under the, joint resolutions of March 3, 1819, for all
the work which hns been delivered.
Sfc 2 *3vd he if further resolved, That Thomas "ftifchie
and Messrs. Gales & Seaton he appointed by the iwo Houses
to execute the printing contracted lor bv the said William
M. Belt, for the remainder ofthf. Thirtv-first Congress, at the
price of ihirtv-five percent, reduction for short numbers, and
forty five per cent, reduction for numbers above five thou-
sand, on the price* of printing fixed by the joint resolutions
of the 3d Maich, 1819; and that the said Thomas Ritchie
and Me.vr*. Gale* & Pearon be required to give bond with
good and sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the Secre-
tary of the Senate and the Clerk of ihe House of Represent-
atives, for Ihe prompt and proper execution of fre printing
contracted for hyt aid William M. Belt, at the rates afore-
said ; and in case any inconvenient delay should be at any
time experienced by either IIr>u*-e in the d livery of it«
work, the said Secretary and Clerk, respectively, shall be
authouzed to employ one or more printers to execute any
portion of the work of the Senate or House, and charge the
excess, if any there he, to the said Thomas Ritchie and
Me*srs. Gale-* & Seaton.
Sec. 3. Jinl be xt further resofred, That all laws, and parts
of law-* now in force, not in conformity with the provision*
of this joint resolution, be. and the same are hereby repealed.
The joint resolutions having been twice read,
and
The question being on ordering them to be en-
grossed for a third reading,
Mr. WcWILLlE said: Mr. Speaker, the Com-
mittee on Printing, in submitting the report and
resolutions which have been just read at the
Clerk's desk, have endeavored to confine them-
selves to the simple object of obtaining a prompt
and economical execution of the public printing;
and the resolutions submitted, the committee be-
lieve, will accomplish this object. The committee
are satisfied that the present contractor will not be
able to execute the work now ordered before the
nextsesston of Congress. There have been ordered
by this Congress, of extra numbers, which are to
be bound, 341,000 volumes. Of these, 188,450
have been printed, and are now in the hands of
the binders, or have been delivered to members for
distribution. This leaves 152,550 volumes yet to
be printed, which will require several months for
its execution, and makes it apparent, that if no new
.system is adopted, the printing for the next ses-
Ision of Congress cannot and will not be executed
by the present contractors, in a time that will be
satisfactory to Congress. There has been great
complaint made against the present contractors for
not having executed the work ordered by Con-
gress; but the objection is but apparent, and not real.
There has already been more printing done than
has usually been ordered by previous Congresses.
Heretofore, the President's message and accom-
parying documents have made but one moderate
sized volume. This session they make three large
volumes. Also, the California message and ac-
companying documents, which could not have been
anticipated, make a volume of 952 pages. The
present contractors have piinted daily at the rate
of 1,000 volumes, of over 700 pages each, counting
from the 1st of January to the 1st of September,
at the rate of twenty-six woiking days to each
month. This would not indicate laches on the
part of the contractor for the public printing. One
thousand volumes per day is great dispatch.
Mr. Speaker, i wish this matter to be fully un-
derstood by the House, because the change pro-
posed adds largely to the price to be paid for the pub-
lic printing. The contract price for printing the first
volume of-the President's message and accompa-
nying documents, a volume of 850 pages, is about
thirty cents per volume. The proposed price is
about seventy-six cents per volume. The pres-
ent price for printing the report on the finances is
about thirty-six cents per volume; the price pro-
posed is about eighty-sev^n cents per volume of
996 pages [Here Mr. McW. held up and exhib-
ited to the House the volumes to which he referred.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit to the House if it bo
possible for the work to be executed at the present
contract prices. These prices will not much if
any more than pay for the-paper on which the
printing; is done. In this yiew of the matter, the com-
mittee have recommended a rate of compensation
much under the prices heretofore paid. The low-
est prices ever heretofore paid were twenty per
cent, reduction on the prices of 1819, (unless for
the Thirtieth Congress.) The committee now
recommend a reduction of forty-five per cent, on
the prices of 1819. And one of two things is cer-
tain: either that this is a low price, or the prices
heretofore paid have been most extravagantly high,
as this is forty-five per cent, less than has been
usually paid, and twenty-five per cent, less than
was ever heretofore paid, unless for the last Con-
gress.
Mr. Speaker, the committee have looked to this
as a practical question as to how the printing can
be done promptly, and at a reasonable rate of com-
pensation; and they are unable to make any sug-
gestion better than the resolutions now under con-
sideration. No member of the committee of this
House is a practical printer, and consequently I
have had to rely on the calculations of others in
part, as to the present and proposed prices. The
first resolution proposes to discharge William M.
Belt from his contract, and to allow him a com-
pensation at the rate of 45 per cent, on the prices
of 1819; which they believe will afford but little if
any profit.
Mr. Speaker, it would not be worthy of this
Government, were it to take the work* of a citizen
at less than half its cost or value. As an indi-
vidual, I would notdoit; consequently, as amem-
berofthis House, I cannot vote to do it. Strict
justice (in one sense) might say, hold the memo-
rialist to his contract; but true justice should be
tempered with mercy, and the laborer should be
paid the value of the labor done. Much has been
said about the neglect and delay of the public
printing, but that no improper delay has occurred
will be apparent by the statement of the work
which has been done, which is as follows:
Printed for the House.
No. copies. No. pages.
House document No. 20, part 1st, Pat-
ent Office Repoit punted and ready
for binder  16,400 625
House document No. 4, Finance Re-
port  11,400 998
[See table on next pa^e.]
Mr. Speaker, something has been said about a
purpose to break down the contract system, and
that the contract of the memorialist was made with
a view to this object. Upon this subject. 1 have
nothing to say. It is enough for me to deal with
the actions of men, and leave to others to judge of
: their motives. I have taken up this matter where
| 1 found it, and have recommended to the House
! to divide the public printing between the Union
\ and Intelligencer offices, because I believed the
i prices are low enough, and because I know that
j the work ordered could then be done for the use of
j Congress. It brings to the execution of the work
! two presses, instead of one; and further author-
izes the Clerk of the House and the Secretary of
the Senate, in the event of any neglect or delay,
to employ other printing offices.
Mr. Speaker, if the resolutions under considera-
tion are adopted, the public printing, I have no
doubt, will be promptly executed. At all events,
the Committee on Printing will have discharged
its duty, and will be released from further respon-
sibility in the matter of the public printing. The
House now has possession of the subject, and
can adopt the resolutions, or make any other dis-
position of them that it may think proper.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor, and yielded to
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to refer the joint
resolutions proposed by the honorable chairman
on Public Printing, to the select committee raised
to investigate the causes of delay and the condition
