728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
hope, though I am generally happy to go with
the Senator from New York, and sustain the
schemes of economy for which he is so anxious,'
that on this occasion he will be 'overruled. I
think he will hardly attain the end he proposes, if
it is to save this appropriation. If it be to divert
it to another plan, I have only to say that this is
the plan originally adopted by General Jackson,
and twice since adopted by Congress. T© change
that plan then for another, is simply a question of
expediency as to which mode of building is best;
ana I confess, so far as I am concerned, I prefer
the original plan, and would rather the money
should be so appropriated.
Mr. PHELPS. I have always found, sir, that
the most uninteresting subject that could be intro-
duced on this floor is the subject of the Treasury
and the finances. I have generally felt, when J
have risen to address the Senate on subjects of
that character, which 1 sometimes deem it my
duty to do, that, so far as securing their attention,
rmight'as well deliver an oration in the woods.
But this is a question which 1 think calls for the
serious attention of the Senate. It is not whether
the Secretary of the interior, or any other officer,
has been in fault or not, but it is whether a prac-
tice which seems, from what has been said on this
occasion, to have prevailed from the outset of the
Government to the present time, shall continue to
be carried on ? Sir, we have been told of various
instances of enormous expenditures commenced
upon a trifling estimate. This very Patent-Office
building, which was estimated in (he outset to cost
$180,000, has already cost us #400,000, and we are
now taking a leap that is to add $1,000,000 at least
to that sum. And we have been told of the cus-
tom-house at Boston, which was estimated to cost
$50)000, the expense of which has run up to more
than $800,000. Now, the question involved here
is, whether under these circumstances Congress
will insist upon the agents employed in the con-
struction of these edifices keeping strictly within
the intention of Congress at the outset, or whether
they are to be permitted by any course of pro-
ceeding to involve us, by the expenditure of one
dollar, in the necessity of expending ten dollars
more. This is the principle involved. Let me
advert concisely to the lustoiy of this very Patent-
Office. In the outset $180,000 was appropriated,
which on its face was io be considered in full,
and as the maximum of the expense of erecting
the building. Well, the Executive saw fit to
proceed with the partial execution of a plan
which partial execution involved four times the
maximum proposed by the bill. A plan drawn
by Towns & Elliot was .submitted to the Execu-
tive in 183f>. This plan received the sanction of
the Executive, but that sanction was not an ap-
propriation of money to carry it on. It leceived
also the implied sanction of Congress, by an ap-
propriation to pay the architect for the plan, but j
this sanction was not an appropriation of money
to carry it into effect. Congiess went on and ap-
propriated money for the erection of the present j
building, and there stopped. Well, what followed :
The Commissioner of Patents, considering1 the ori-
ginal plan to transcend altogether the wants of his
bureau, submitted another plan, which was esti-
mated to cost §150,000. This plan, estimated to
cost this limited sum, was considered by the Com-
missioner of Patents as sufficient for the accom-
modation of the Patent Office. Well, in 1841 a
resolution was adopted by this body, calling tor in-
formation in relation to the condition of the public
buildings, and the conduct of the superintendents
thereof. In compliance with that resolution, acom-
mittee was appointed by the President of the Uni-
ted States to examine into the conduct of those
officers, and the condition of the buildings. That
committee in their report, submitted on the 25th
August, 1841, tells us, in relation to the Patent
Office, 14 that a wing from the present block, ex-
4 tending east and west seventy feet, with a depth
4 of ninety feet, and described in the plan exhib-
4 ited, marked with the woid ' wing,' js estimated !
4 by the contractor to cost $160,000. The i esidue 1
4 of the plan, marked ], is not authoritatively pro- j
Ejected"—that is, the present two hundred and I
eighty-feet wing. The plan I have presented is Jj
that which was adopted, and upon which they jj
commenced their operations. This committee tofd !|
the Senate that the lesidue of the plan, over and |i
above the ninety-feet wing", estimated to cost '!
&160,00Gj was not authoritatively projected, and jj
therefore no^estimate of its practical cost has been
required or given. •
The plan of this building was projected by
Towns & Elliot, and not by the architect of the
public buildings. What are we told by the pres-
ent Commissioner-of Patents? Why, that what-
ever Towns & Elliot's original plan may have been,
all that was required for the accommodation of the
Patent Office was the wing, ninety feet deep, which
would cost $160,000. Well, from 1841 down to
the present day, the Commissioner of Patents has
asked for this wing, upon the smallest estimate
of $150,000. The Committee on Patents in the
other house, adopting this plan, upon the esti-
mate of Mr, Mills to cost but $160,000, repre-
sented to the House of Representatives that the
patent fund, amounting to some §200,000, would
cover the expenditure, and made the appropria-
tion. The proposition was, not to carry out the
plan of Towns & Elliot, but to adopt the cheaper
plan, coming within the amount of the patent
fund. With that explanation of the committee,
the House made the appropriation. Well, now,
1 undertake to say, that if we could briog before
us the members of that House of Representatives
as witnesses, not a man among them all ever heard
of this Elliot plan, or ever thought of it. What,
then, was done? What 1 choose to denominate a
Yankee trick. Somebody, I cannot say who—not
the Secretary of the Intenor, for he was not here,
but somebody—slips into this bill the expression
"according to the original plan." It arrested
nobody's attention, the plan presented to the
House being the $160,000 plan. No other was
presented. Not a word was said about a plan
which was to cost $160,000, and then to draw
from the Tieasury at least $400,000 after the Patent
Office fund was exhausted. But some Yankee, or
somebody who had learned a Yankee trick, put in
the expression "according to the original plan,"
and now pulls out of his pocket the Elliot plan,
and calls that the original plan ! It is not my
business to impugn the conduct of the Secretary
of the Interior, or any other member of the Ad-
ministration. 1 stand in no position,and have no
motive, for anything of the kind, and certainly
have no such intention. Whether the Secretary
of the Interior be at fault or not, is not a question
for me to settle; but what I complain of is this:
it is perfectly apparent, from every thing connected
with the passage of this act, that Congress, when
it made the original appropriation of ^160,000, in-
tended nothing else than that the plan estimated
to cost that amount should be earned out. But
somebody, whose residence in Washington was
perhaps more enduring than those occupying po-
litical stations—somebody who has been here
longer than is permitted to us in the enjoyment of
! our public station—puts in this expression, "ac-
cording to the original plan."
The proposition is to have the patent fund defray
the expenditure, and my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] says let it go there. Let it «o there if
it is thought proper. But the Patent-Office fund
will not defray more than one fourth of the ex-
pense, and the other three fouiths will come out
of the Treasury. Perhaps this is well enough, and
my object is merely this: in my judgment there
has been an imposition upon Congress m the intro-
duction of those words to which 1 have referred,
which give the act a purport altogether different from |
what anybody expected. Here is my objection. j
My friend from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] says i
the adoption of this proposition will be marching \
up the hill and marching down again. Well, if we :
have got into trouble by marching up the hill—if j
we find ourselves led into error by any such course
as that—is it not as well to march down the hill j
again? If I find myself getting into a swamp, \
unless i can see my way through, 1 piefer rather ;
to retrace my steps than to cross it. Is not that
the case here? Here is an enormous expenditure
into which we have been Jed, never contemplated
on the part of Congress. And if that was the only
case, and the only instance in which we have been
led into error of this kind, perhaps I should not be
so strenuous. But when it is a matter of system- >•
atic speculation on the Treasury to obtain appro-
priations fiom Congress, and expend them on a :t
plan, the completion of which involves three or .!
four times as much more, I am disposed to arrest ||
a course of that kind. And if the foundations of i
this building should stand until the final trump, :j
which announced the dissolution of all things, it |J
might prove a profitable saving to the country, and
as a monument, I will not say of the cupidity, but
of the facility, with which money is got from the
Treasury.
I do not conceive, sir, this to be merely a ques-
tionof economy. It iswhether, if weauthonze an
expenditure of $100, we are to be led into the ex-
penditure of $500. It is not, then, merely a ques-
tion of economy, but whether the acts of Congress
shall be carried out in their fufl intent and meaning.
If we had been told, in the outset, that this expend-
iture would extend to $1,000,000,and Congress had
seen proper to authorize such an expenditure, cer-
tainly 1, for or.e, should make no objection on the
score of economy. My objection is not now, that
in my judgment we should pursue a more nig-
gardly course, or descend to the building of mere
log cabins for the accommodation of the public
officers. But I would not permit this perpetual
depredation on the Treasury, by men who hang
about this Capitol and this city, living upon the
public patronage, and studying how, and when,
and where they can involve Congress into an un-
expected expenditure. Here is the trouble. Why,
Washington was put here by the Government.
God, in his providence, would have put nothing
here were it not for the Government. They must
live on the patronage of the Government, and no
other business will be followed except that which
looks to the patronage of the Government. That
is its only recourse. It will be filled by men who
look only to the patronage of Government, and it
never can be filled with anything else, for there is
nothing else here to support it.
Well, sir, exposed as we are on all sides to the
graspings of those whose only resource is the
patronage of Government, ate we to be led into
these enormous expenditures without expressing
at least our disapprobation of them? 1 wish to
say that it cannot be done with my approbation.
Well, sir, as 1 remarked in the outset, it is a
matter unimportant who is to blame. I cannot say
whom. One thing is certain, that the originalarchi-
tect had nothing to do with the original plan which
was drawn by Towns & Elliot. As early as the
year 1841, if not eatlier, he was cailcd upon to
make a different plan. He made an estimate; that
estimate was presented to acommitteeof Congress.
That plan was recommended by the Commissioner
of Patents. He must have known what that plan
was, but in the act passed making the appropria-
tion, the expression 44 according to the original
plan" is introduced. And the Secretary of the
interior is now justified on the ground that he had
nothing to do but to follow the act of Congress.
Well, how did he set to work ? This very Robert
Mills, who made the estimate upon which Con-
gress made the appropriation, goes to work upon
a plan which, according to his own testimony,
he knew could not fall short of $600,000; and he
could not help knowing that when the appropria-
tion was made,it was made upon a totally different
estimate. Well now, sir, this man must have been
extremely reserved; he must have lacked the com-
municative disposition of most other Americans,
who are never satisfied with nursing their ideas
and keeping them to themselves, but must throw
j them upon the world—he must have possessed \ ery
i | little of this propensity, if he did not communicate
|| these facts to the Secretary.
II Now, sir, as I said before, I am not disposed to
j; censure the Secretary of the Intenor. I do not
ij find fault with him; but 1 find fault with some-
i body who was connected with the previous his-
l tory of the matter—somebody who had furnished
I the material on which Congress acied, if that some-
body will frankly disclose to the Senate that there
was an intention to do this when that proposition
j was made. Now, sir, perhaps I am wrong. I
j have as much imagination in respect to the glory,
! and prosperity, and beauty of the Capitol of the
I United States as anybody. 1 like to see the
j public edifices go up; I like to see a spirit of
! liberality; I like to see a generous, noble, open-
! hearted course; hut I dislike much to see thatgen-
eroua spirit imposed upon by those political tuck-
J sters who would thustakeadvantageofthecountry.
, Now, sir, it is said by gentlemen that this building
: will do honor to the country. Doubtless it will;
* but if these erections are to be built, let them be
built by the impulse of that generous spirit, and
not because we are entrapped from time to time
into making appropriations which we never origin-
ally intended to make.
