1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DICKINSON. I knew when I entered
upon this business with my colleagues, I under-
stood then as well as now how thankless was the
task, to say nothing of the hopelessness of it, to
undertake to arrest the expenditure of the public
money; but that did not deter me nor my com-
panions from what we deemed a discharge of our
duty. It is, I know, frequently said that the one
who votes the most expenditure is generous, lib-
eral, and whole-souled. I agree that when an
individual spends his own money bountifully and
generously, he shows some indications of gener-
osity and liberality; but when he votes to spend
the money of others, I deny that it is any indica-
cation of the kind, and I aver that in my humble
opinion we should make a stand here in this mat-
ter, or give a carte blanche at once to any one who
chooses to use it, and commit us to anything they
may deem wise.
Sir, what is this question ? It is a financial ques-
tion—strictly so. Yet it cannot be discussed here
without involving us in a blaze of glory. We are
the greatest people, the most magnanimous people,
the most learned and wealthy people, that ever
existed. Therefore, we mustgoon withnoregard
to economy, nor former legislation, nor anything
else, I suppose—for that is m effect the argument.
My object is to come back to the appropriate legis-
lation of Congress. I will not inquire, for this
view of it, whether this is a wise or unwise expend-
iture of the money—it is enough that it was en-
tirely unauthorized. I wish, however, that I may
not be misunderstood to say that 1 do not stand
here to assail the executive officers of the Govern-
ment, but I dissent from them with that respect
which becomes our respective positions, and such
dissent I have frankly stated. I think the Secre-
tary of the Interior, who had the general super-
vision of this matter, should have made inquiry
into it. If he had done so, f think he would not
have been deceived; for i think he must have been
deceived—I say it in justice to him—or he would
have found that the original plan, about whieh so
much has been said, was a speculative one, as was
so clearly shown by my colleague on the com-*
mittee, [Mr. Phelps.] He would have learned
that there was a practical plan, designed to be
adopted by Congress and by the Commissioner,
upon the files of tne department, which related to
this matter; and I cannot but express my surprise
that, even with all his duties, arduous and complex
as they are, he did not make that inquiry, either
from the files of the department, the public official
reports, or the officers at the head of that bureau;
because, if he had inquired of either, or of rhe
architect employed, he would have been informed
of this plan, this practical plan, right before his
eyes.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion?
Mr. DICKINSON. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. I have learned from a gentleman,
who I suppose ought to know, that Elliot received
$500 from the Government for furnishing his plan;
if so, I think that was an acknowledgment that
his was the original plan.
Mr. DICKINSON. Well, then, if Govern-
ment can be called after a certain existence, it
might be truly said, according to the homely
adage, " they and their money soon parted;" be-
cause, however valuable as a display of architect-
ural science was the plan of the architect, and it
was of a high character as such for all present
purposes, an attempt to follow it out with legisla-
tion, and especially without, would involve an idle
end wicked waste of money, as all must admit.
Now, it may be said—it is said by my friend from
Virginia—that it will now be a good plan to go on
with the work, and prepare this building for some
unknown and undefined future purpose.
Sir, in the first place, this building is remote
from the other departments and other buildings of
the Government, and it is not wanted for the Pat-
ent-Office, says Mr. Ewing and Mri Ewbank; and
the only purpose for which it was ever recom-
mended by any individual under heaven, official
or unofficial, in or out of Congress, till to-day on
this floor, was for Patent-Office purposes.
It is of no use to pass Jaws, to make specifica-
tions and intentions, unless they are to be carried
out. Put a portion of the other departments of
the Government in these, and you will want a corps
of messengers larger than both houses of Con-
gress, to run back and forth between these and
the others. But I will not go on to argue a ques-
tion so remote as that. The question is, what
Congress intended, and the inquiry whether any
one has a right to depart from the spirit of it to
such an extent as they clearly have here? But it
is said, it is not the time to stop now; the work
has begun, and we should now let it go on. This
has always been the argument, and always will
be till you make a marked case, and till Congress
shall set its seal of condemnation on this matter,
and let it be so understood. I care not whether it
stands there as a memento tnori of the legislation of
Congress, or the legislation of those out of Con-
gress. It is a broad and flagrant departure from
the spiiit and intention, if not from the letter, of
the legislation.
if we do not stop here, when shall we stop? If
we do not arrest it now, we never can arrest it. It
is growing stronger every day, and will by-and-
by flow with as much regularity and certainty,
from one generation to another, as original sin.
But this is a great Government, a rich Government,
and a wise Government. I grant all that. Then
let us conduct its legislation wisely, and let its
ministers so execute the laws of Congress, that its
laborers and employees will not be starving in the
streets, as if they had served a swindler or a bank-
rupt. Let it pay its laborers in gold and silver.
I complain of this treatment to these men. If this
Government is so great, so wise, so magnanimous
as it is represented to be—and I admit that it is—
let us appropriate its money so that the laborer for
it shall not be deceived, but can receive his pay for
his labor when it is done, without waiting upon
the faith of the legislature, with contractors' tickets
in his pocket, having to beg his crust in the street,
or, what is worse and more shameful, throw him
into the hands of the shavers to divide his earn-
ings with him.
This Government of thirty States is occupying
a Chamber for the highest branch of its national
legislature, such that those who desire to hear its
debates must be cramped into a miserable little
gallery, which ought to be and is considered a re-
proach to us; and any lady or gentleman sitting
there long, should, from physical suffering alone,
be allowed absolution. Let us go to work like
practical legislators, if we are going to work at all,
upon our public buildings, and enlarge this Cham-
ber, so that those who come here can hear the de-
hates of Senators without the inconvenience of
being shut out from the legislative halls of their
country. Let us do that, and not be erecting
structures recommended by no one, sanctioned by
no one, desired by no one, intended for no one
purpose, and when done, fit for no purpose.
We are told this building is wanted for the pub-
lic service. 1 inquire what bureau wants it? I
deny that it is wanted, so far as the knowledge of
Congress is concerned. Sir, the whole matter is
here; there was at one time a speculative plan,
placed on paper, and even the dead are now disen-
tombed to conjure up evidence in favor of it, and
the sanction of men and names who are buried is
invoked, to sanctify the resurrection of this old,
mildewed, miserable plan. [Laughter.]
My colleague on the committee, from Vermont,
has shown the falsity of this. He has shown a
plan, and that this old plan was not known till it
wps thus pressed into existence. Ifwe continue this
outlay, it will swallow up all the Patent-Office fund,
leaving its mouth as empty as a charity-box, when ,
nothing has been put into it for ostentatious dis-
play, and pomp, and circumstance; and it will then
swallow up another million of dollars from the
Treasury, or all that is not wanted for glory in
general.
I started this as a matter of public duty, in order
to lay it beforetheSenateand the country. Having
done so, I submit to any disposition which the
Senate in its wisdom may think more just. Per-
sonally, I care nothing about it, and shall leave it
to its course.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise, intending to say that i do
not concur by any means in the views so ably
stated by the Senator from New York. I have
examined the subject pretty thoroughly, and while
I admire the general views and sentiments ex-
pressed by him—certainly all those notions of
frugality he has avowed this morning shave my
hearty concurrence—I must say, that in everything
connected with this matter I have felt compelled to
curcur with the Senator from Maryland, who
opened this debate, and others who united with
him in maintaining the propriety of th^ appropria-
tion. The Senator from New York se£ms to/
admit now that this was the original plan* He
says the honorable Senator from Vermont has
shown that this plan—this original plao,-ias;w8
call it—was never authenticated, except to a certain
extent; from which it follows, if it was not wholly;
authenticated, it was authenticated to a certain-
extent.
Mr. DICKINSON. Authentic so far as the
first building was concerned.
Mr. FOOTE. I will only say, in conclusion,
that, upon the examination I have been able to
give this matter, I am perfectly satisfied, for the
high public reasons that have been given this
morning—first, that it is important that this build-
ing should go on; and secondly, that there are
reasons still more imperious with me—reasons of
imperious justice to the contractor, and thepersona
employed, which would weigh with me in giving
my vote upon this matter
Mr. PEA.RCE. The Senator from New York
has said that the draft or plan, which I have shown
to be the original, was a speculative one; and that
the one suggested by a former Commissioner of
Patents was the practical plan. This word " origi-
nal'* is the key to the whole difficulty; for by it
must be determined the construction of the act of
last session, and the propriety or impropriety of
the Secretary's action under it. There can be
but one original plan, and all others must either
be modifications of it, or departures from it, or
copies of it. Now, sir, I have endeavored to
show that the original plan was that of Mr. William
P. Elliot, being a quadrangular building, such as I
have already described. But the Senator from
Vermont has read from a report, submitted to Con-
gress in 1841, in which it is stated:
"The residue of the plan, as presented on the paper (I), is
not authoritatively projected, and therefore no estimate of
ih probable cost ha-> been required or given." , .
Now, in the sentence immediately following that
is this:
" The plan of this building was projected by-Town &
Elliot, and not by the architect of public buildings."
There is confirmatory proof that the plan was
originally that of Mr. Elliot—a quadrangular
building, Mr. Town being only a co-constructor
with him. On this paper, (marked I,) which I
now exhibit to the Senate, is a diagram plan of
the building, which shows the present structure
nearly as it was designed, and as it has been com-
pleted with the fine portico in front and the curved
projection in the rear. This last was a departure
by Mr. Mills from the original design, in. which
the projection was rectilinear. The diagram shows
the wings of two hundred and seventy feet long,
seventy feet wide, divided into three sections of
ninety feet each. It is true that the commis*
sioners say it was drawn by Robert Mills. Doubt-
less iuwas so drawn for them at the time sub-
stantially according to the original design of Mr.'
Elliot. These commissioners were appointed to
inquire into the progress and expense "of the pub-
lic buildings, and into certain complaints about the
manner of* their execution. It is very clear that
there was some talk at the time of curtailing the
plan,—of proceeding, if at all, with the building
upon a smaller scale. But who gave these commis-
sioners, or any one else, authority to vary the design
which Mr. Elliot had drawn and General Jackson
had adopted under the authority of an act of Con-
gress? The commissioners were not appointed
for any such purpose, and no one has shown, or
can show, any action of Congress or of the Presi-
dent to that effect.
The President, authorized by*the act of .Con-
gress, adopted the plan of Mr. Elliot, which was
that of a quadrangular building, having wings ex-
tending back two hundred and seventy or two
hundred and eighty feet, with a width of seventy
feet. That was the only authoritative plan; all
others were in the face of authority, by men who
indeed might suggest, but had no power to con-
trol.
I may add, that I have seen a letter from Mr.
Rubles, a member of the Senate and chairman
of the Committee on Patents in 1836, declaring
that Mr, Elliot's plan had the approbation of the
committee at the time of its adoption by General
Jackson; and Mr. Elliot states, in a recent com-
munication, the exact character of his plan, and
fully justifies the Secretary's decision.
The original plan,.therefore, is the only author-
