THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS #3 FOR THIS SESSION.
313T Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1850.
New Series No. 115.
be discussed, i will add further, that in addition
to the declaration of Mr. Buchanan that the pub-
lie interest absolutely requires the adoption of
such a measure, the gentleman from South Car-
olina, near me, informs me that Mr. Calhoun,
who was also Secretary of State, declared, after
be had left office, that the public interests impera-
tively demanded the passage of sueh a bill; and he
was the most rigid economist, perhaps, that this
nation has ever seen.
Mr. RICHARDSON made an inquiry, which
did not reach the ear of the Reporter.
Mr. BAYLY said, if the gentleman wishes me
to answer him, 1 -will do so. I do not mean to be
disrespectful to the gentleman from Illinois, though
he has done much to provoke me. [A laugh.] I
shall endeavor to keep my temper, but I assure
you it is a difficult matter sometimes, under the
provocation I receive.
Here is the concurrent testimony of three gen-
tlemen who have filled the office of Secretary of
State—Messrs. Buchanan, Clayton, and Calhoun,
given after they were out of office, that the public
interests imperatively require the passage of this
bill. The gentleman asks me why a clerk could
not perform the duty without the appointment
of an Assistant Secretary? I say it belongs to a«lass
of duties that do not come within the province of
a clerk.
Mr. RICHARDSON" renewed the motion to
lay the bill on the table, and on this motion he
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
* ative—yeas 65, nays 106; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Aibertson, Ashe, Averett, Bay, Beale,
Bingham, Bissell, Bowlin, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Burt,
Joseph Cable, George A. Caldwell, Canter, Cleveland,
Cnlcock, Dhmnick, Disney, Dunham, Featherston, Fuller,
Gerry, Gorman, Hall, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Ham*, Hoagland, Hub-
foal d, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, La 8&re, Littlefieid, Job Mann, MeClernand,
McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen, Miller, Orr, Phelps,
Potter, Richardson, Robbtns, Robinson, Root, Ro^s, Savage,
SawteJlP, Seddon, Stetson, Thomas, James Thompson, Ven-
able, Wallace, Wentworth, Wildrick, Wood, Woodward,
9ii(t ¥oung—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Anderson, Andrews,
Ashrnun, Baker, Bayly, Booth, Bowie, Breck, Brings,
Brooks, William J. Bro > it, Buel, Burrow*, Chester Butler,
Thomas B. Butler, E. C. Cribell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cal-
vin, Campbell, Casev, Chandler, Clarke, Clingman, W. R.
W. Cobb, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickoy, Dixon, Duer,
Dum-an, -Eliot, Nathan Evans, Swing, Fitch, Fowler,
Freedley, Gentry, Gilmore, Gott, Gould, Green, Grmnell,
Hampton, Hay, Havmorid, Hebard, Henry, HiWbard, Holla-
day, Holmes, Howard, Howe, Joseph W. Jackson, William
T. Jackson, Ja«ie& L. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James
G. King, John A. King, l.effler, Horace M.u n, Mai«haH,
Matteson, McDowell, McKissock, Finis E. McLean, Mill-
son, Moore, Moreheari, Morton, Nelson, Outlaw, Parker,
Peaslee, Phoenix, Pitman, Powell, Reed, Rislcy, Rose, Rum-
sey, Sackett, Sehenck, Schermerhorn, Silvester. Spauiilmg,
Sprague, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Thdddeus Stevens, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, J. B. Thomp-
son, Underhiil, Vinton. Walderi, Waldo, Wellborn, White,
Whittlesey, and Williams—106.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on referring the bill,
and,heing taken, the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
was ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE OF WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. BAYLY, in behalf of Mr. Toombs, of
Georgia, who desired to be relieved from further
service as a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, asked that that gentleman might be
excused, and that the Speaker be requested to fi.H
tfee vacancy thereby occasioned. ^
Mr. TOOMBS was excused.
And the House directed that the vacancy should
be supplied.
^ COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. NELSON, from the Committee of Claims,
made an adverse report, which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed, on the petition of Iris
W. Bates, asking compensation for extra tonnage
on revenue schooners Ingham and Harris.
Mr. N., from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of the corporation of the First
Presbyterian Church of Scotland and Hanover,
now- Yorktowxif in Westchester county, New
H5
York*, which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report accompanying, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it be put upon its passage, the
bill from the Senate entitled an act for the relief of
Captain Nathan Adams, of Tennessee.
Mr. T. explained the bill, which was to allow
credit to be given to a quartermaster for certain
expenditures, in the absence of the usual vouchers
The case had been under the investigation of the
Auditor, who was of opinion that the claim ought
to be allowed. The vouchers were not exhibited,
but the committee were satisfied, from an jexam-
ination of the case, that the claimant was entitled
to the credit he asked for. These are the simple
facts in the case, and he would confine himself to
a bare statement of the facts, as he knew, at the
present stage of the session, it was the most pru-
dent course to say as little as possible.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was then read the third time and passed.
Mr. T., from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of William P. A. Hail; which
was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
with the report accompanying, ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. T., the Committee of Claims
was discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of Mary A. Turner and son, for ar-
rearages of pension, and for land, if any be coming
from the Government, and it was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DANIEL, from the Committee of Claims,
made adverse reports in the following cases; which
were ordered to lie on the table and be printed, viz:
The petition of A. H. Patterson, praying pay-
ment for certain mail bags made for the Post Of-
fice Department;
The petition of Joel Byington, for indemnity for
damages done to his farm and house when occu-
pied by the United States troops; and
The petition of Gilbert Stulker, praying pay-
ment for the services of the steamer James Adams
during the Seminole war.
On motion by Mr. DANIEL, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the memorial of Cornelius Manning, ask-
ing payment out of the surplus fund of the treaty
ofGrhfent, applicable to such claims, for the loss of
certain servants taken by the British during the
war; and it was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
On motion by Mr. D., the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of Benjamin Parkh&m, a sol-
dier of the last war, praying Congress to pass a
law granting him bounty land for his services,
which he avers was never received; and it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. D., from the same committee, reported back
without amendment, the Senate bill for the relief
of Theodore Offut, which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
Mr. D., from the same committee, reported back
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill entitled an act to
amend an act for the relief of D. A. Watterston,
approved August 14, 1848.
Mr. D, asked that the bill be put upon its pas-
sage, as it did not require commitment. He said
that the act passed the last Congress was founded
on a mistake, and this bill was intended to correct
it. He explained the biH was intended to cover cer-
tain travelling expenses of Mr. Watterston.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read a third time and passed.
Mr. D. said that a memorial had been re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims praying for the
payment of some $120,000 advanced by Virginia
in 1792 to the Federal Government, for the pur-
pose of erecting public buildings. The memorial
states that the claim had been turned' over to the-*
Alexander Railroad Company; and it was now pre-
sented by them upon an examination of the facts;
the committee had come to the conclusion that the
money advanced by Virginia was a legal subsist-
ing claim againsf the Untied States. * Virginia so
considers it, and the committee, saw ho reason to
deny it. Under all the circumstances under which
the advances were made, the committee had not*
thought proper to make any allowance for inter-
est. The committee had instructed him to report
a bill to cover the amount alleged to have been ad-
vanced.
The bill entitled " A bill for the relief of the Or-
ange and Alexandria Railroad Company " was then
read a first and second time and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and, with the report accompanying, ordered
to be printed,
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
Nathan Winteringer, asking indemnity for loss of
a cargo at New Orleans, by the action of the
Government last war; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. PHCENlX,from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Aquiree and
Galway, of New York, which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. PHCEN1X moved that it be put on its
passage. The bill would, he said, explain it-
self. Its object was to cancel a transportation
bond given by Aquirre & Galway, on the ship-
ment of a quantity of wine at New York, and
bound to New Orleans. The vessel was lost on
Key West, and the cargo totally destroyed.
No objection bein^ made, the bill was read a
third time and parsed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill to provide for the pur-
chase of sites and the erection of marine hospitals
at Detroit, Buffalo, and Wilmington, North Car-
olina; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
making appropriation for certain light-houses, and
that it be recommitted to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. GRINNELL said the Committee on Com-
merce had sundry amendments which they desired
to propose to the bill, and it would save time to re-
commit the bill to avoid the necessity of offering
them when the bill came up for consideration in
the House.
Mr. ASHMUN suggested, that as his colleague
reported the resolution from a committee, it was in
order and did not require a suspension of the rules
to receive it; though a two-thirds vote might be re-
quired for its adoption.
The SPEAKER said that any motion that re-
quired a suspension of the rules was not in order
as a report from a committee.
Mr. GRINNELL. I now move a suspension of
the rules, then, to enable me to support the motion.
The SPEAKER. A motionto suspend the rules
is not in order at this time, as the House are al-
ready acting under a suspension of the Yules.
Mr. STETSON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back without amendment, the fol-
lowing Senate bills; which were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
viz:
An act to provide for the removal of obstructions
in the river Savannah, in the State of Georgil,and
for the improvement of the same; and
An act to provide additional securityforthe livesf
and property of persons navigating the western
waters.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution for the relief of Charles W.
Morgan, and others, which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and, with the report accom-
panying, ordered to-be-printed.
