1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-nt'
Elisha W. B. Moody, of Yarmouth, Nova Scotia,
owner of the barque " Sarah," asking remunera-
tion for expenses incurred and losses sustained in
consequence of the deviation of his vessel from her
voyage, for the purpose of rescuing the crew and
passengers of the American ship Caleb Grimshaw,
burnt at sea in November, 1849, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of Thomas Blanchard, ask-
ing Government to purchase his patent oar machine
for the use of the navy, asked to bedischarged from
the further consideration of the same; which was
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of John Thomas for com-
pensation for the use of his patent, &cM in floating
dry docks, asked to bedischarged from the further
consideration of the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of James M. Marsh, asking remuneration for
property destroyed, &c., submitted an adverse
report on the same; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill providing for
the issuing of patents for a certain class of con-
firmed private land claims in Louisiana, reported
back the same without amendment.
Mr. SCKJLE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
memorial of the merchants of New Orleans, asking
the establishment of a weekly communication be-
tween New Orleans, Vera Cruz, and Tampico,
submitted a report, which was ordered to be
printed, accompanied by a bill to provide for a
weekly mail from New Orleans or the mouth of
the Mississippi river to Vera Cruz and Tampico,
in Mexico, by steamers or sailing vessels; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of Moses
Pacquette and Theresa Brisbois, asking to be al-
lowed to locate land set apart for said Pacquette
by the Winnebago Indians, submitted an adverse
report on the same; which was ordered to be
printed.
COST OP PRINTING.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous consent and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire and report to the Senate whether the payment of
$12,500 lor printing tea thousand copies of the opinions of
the Supreme Court in the cases " Smith vs. Turner" and
"Norris vs. the City of Boston," making a pamphlet of one
hundred and eighty-one pages, made since ihe last session
of the Senate, was made m pursuance of the existtng laws
on the subject of priming ; and if it vva-, under what ela^s
of printing, as classified in the proposals fordoing the public
pruiungofCongress, the said pamphlet fall-s; and how much
of the printing ot the present Congress will have to be paid
for at such rates.
DEBATES IN CALIFORNIA CONVENTION.
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senate will allow me, I
will moveto take up a resolution which was offered
some time since, authorizing the Secretary of the
Senate to purchase a certain number of copies of
the report of the debates in the California Conven-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not now in
order.
Mr. FOOTE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate, and I hope it will be given.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection, provided the
motion does not give rise to any debate.
There being no objection, the resolution was
taken up for consideration.
Mr. FOOTE. I suppose a thousand copies
would be sufficient.
A Senator. Say three thousand.
Mr. FOOTE. Three thousand is suggested.
Mr. CASS. I move to fill the blank with the
words " two thousand/*
The question was then taken'on the motion of
Mr. Cass, and it was agreed to.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of the children of Sarah
Stokes, deceased, was read a first and second time
by us title, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
WILMINGTON AND RALEIGH RAILROAB.
The bill from the House for the relief of the
Wilmington and Raleigh Railroad Company was
read a first and second time by its title,
Mr. RUSK. This is a very short bill; one, I
believe, on which there will be little, if any, differ-
ence of opinion, and I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate that it may be passed immediately.
There exists an urgent necessity for its passage.
It is simply to authorize the railroad contractors
to pay the duties on the imported iron when they
receive payment for carrying the mail under a con-
tract with the Post Office Department, upon which
they are to receive §75,000 a year, and in addition
to that, they are required to give security for the
payment of the duties.
Mr. BRADBURY. I object to the consideration
of this bill at this time. 1 think the principle in-
volved in it would be a dangerous precedent.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to ask the Senator from
Maine to withdraw his objection for the present,
and let this bill pass. A very brief statement, I
think, will satisfy the gentleman that the bill is
without exception, and ought to be passed. The
company to which it relates is one lor the con-
struction of a railroad a hundred and sixty miles
in length, built at an outlay of an immense sum of
money, partly contributed by the State, and part-
ly by individuals. This railroad has now been in
operation ten years. Everything that has ever
been received^ or collected by the company has
been necessarily expended by them upon the road.
They have never divided one penny of profit, or
received one penny of personal advantage from
the outlay on the road. They are now engaged
in relaying the whole extent of the road with very
heavy iron. It requires every cent of money
which they can raise to make their payments
promptly for the iron itself. The road is a most
important part of the great mail communication in
the United States noith and south; and, in the
successful prosecution of a route which is to pass
through the country, and save the sea communi-
cation between Wilmington and Chaileston, is
likely to become of still greater importance and
general advantage. It is highly important that
the company should be able promptly to lay the
whole road with this heavy iron, not only on ac-
count of the general importance of such a measure,
bat because a considerable poition of the road run-
ning through a low country, the track of the road
has to be for large distances supported upon frame
work of timber, and unless every portion of the
road is in a state of entire security, the traveling
is accompanied with unusual danger. It is ex-
tiemely important that it should be maintained in
as perfect order as practicable, that our mail com-
munications may be made in time and with safety.
Now, sir, what is asked is not an abatement of
•one single shilling of the duty, but merely per-
mission to pay these duties by instalments, upon
two conditions—first, that they shall give personal
security to the satisfaction of the district judge of
the district that the duties will be paid, and
secondly, that the amount of $75,000 or $100,000
a year, to which they are entitled from the Gov-
ernment of the United States for transporting the
mail, shall be appropriated entirely to the pay-
ment of those dunes; that not one penny shall be
received by the company on these contracts until
the duties are paid. That is all that is asked for
in the bill. Then, let me observe, that this is
asked for, not on the grounds of favor or advan-
tage to this internal communication, but it is simply
the doing of this to facilitate the fulfillment of the
mail contracts, and is only analogous to and far
less than is constantly done by the Postmaster
General in giving additional compensation and
other facilities for the transportation of the mail of
the United States. It is a very small matter to the
Government, while it is a very important one to
the company; because, in order to make the neces-
sary purchase of iron, every shilling they can
command will be required. If Government exacts
the payment of the duties down, the road cannot
be relaid. When Congress considers these facts,
and also the fact that something like $2,000,000
have been expended on this road m ten years
without the company realizing a single penny tff
advantage, it does seem to me that gentleman
ought not to oppose any obstacle to the passage
of this bill.
Mr. BRADBURY. I objected to the consider-
ation of the bill at this time, because I thought it!
wrong in principle to discriminate,-,at)d grant-9*
credit in one instance when we do not in others.
I supposed also it was wrong while w«'have-a bill
before us for supplying deficiencies in approprra*
tions. I will, however, leave the matter- in the
hands of the honorable Senator from New York*
who has charge of the unfinished business, and
waive any personal objection to its being taken
up; but 1 am bound to say, that on the question
of its passage, I cannot sustain it; for I think- it
involves a principle which it is not safe to adopt;
for, if we grant credits in one case, they may rea^
sonably be expected to be asked for in others.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President 
Mr. RUSK. Allow me.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will give way for a vote,
but not for a debate.
Mr. BADGER. I will not ask that the bill be
taken up, if it leads to debate; but I wish to say a
word with regard to the idea of setting a prece-
dent. If the honorable Senator will find any other
case like this in the United States, I thmk he will
see it is a precedent that ought to be set, and that
ought to be followed. Here has been an outlay
by this company of $2,000,000 to make this road,
for the public good, without any advantage-to the
persons interested in the road, which is a rnost im-
portant link in the great mail communication ftbm
the North to the South, and which cannot be dis-
pensed with; the place of which cannot be sup-
plied; and all they ask is, that they may be
allowed credit, on sufficient-securiiy, in order that
they may relay the road with solid and substan-
tial material, without which it is not only almost
useless, but dangerous and mischievous. There
is no case like this in the United Slates.
Mr. RUSK. 1 think this may be disposed of
in three minutes. The only object is to prevent
the necessity of paying this duty into the Treasury
by the importer, and then paying u out again to
the contractor. This has been fully discussed in
the House of Representatives; and the reason is,
that contracts are about being made for the mail
matter on this route, and facilities would not only
be extended to this company, but to the Post Of-
fice Department, if the bill is passed at once.
Mr. CHASE. I am sorry to say that I feel
bound to interpose any objection to the further
discussion of this bill; but I must object.
Mr. RUSK. I will withdraw my motio/i.
The motion to dispose of the bill was with-
drawn accordingly, and the bill was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and PostRoads.-
REGISTER OF THE UARQ.UJ2 ROYAL SAXON/
The bill from th6 House to grant a register to
the barque Royal Saxon was read a fihi and
second time by its title.
Mr. HAMlllN. I ask the consideration of this
bill at this time. I will state in a few words the
reasons. This wa3 an English built vessel, and
it was wrecked on our coast, and sold in one of
the ports of Maryland. It was purchased by
Daniel W. Brown, and rebuilt by him, he sup-
posing he should be entitled to a register from the
department, if the expense of rebuilding amounted
to three-fourths of the original value of the vessel.
He now finds there is a necessity for a special law.
I believe it has been the uniform rule of the Gov-
ernment, where vessels have been wrecked on our
shores, and rebuilt at an expense equal to three-
fourths of the original cost, to authorize the issuing
of a register; and such should, I think, be the gen-
eral law. This bill provides that if the owner fur-
nish evidence to the department that the cost of.
rebuilding has been three-fourths of the value of'
the vessel, he shall be furnished with a register.
I wish to state that the vessel is now in the port
of Baltimore, loaded for the port of San Francisco,
in California, under the mistaken idea that a re-
gister wou:d be allowed. The Committee on
Commerce have examined the matter, and have
authorized me to ask its immediate consideration,
and 1 hope the unanimous consent of the Senate
will be given.
There being no objection made, the bill was
read and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It was subsequently reported back to the Senate,
and ordered to a third reading, and was subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
THE DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of the bill to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
