1826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 16r,
Mr. GRIN N ELL renewed his appeal to the
House by unanimous consent to allow him to
move to discharge the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union fromethe further considera-
tion of the bill providing for light-houses, in order,
to recommit it to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MILLER objected.
SWAMP LANDS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back with sundry amendments,
the bill from the Senate entitled " An act to enable
the State of Arkansas, and other States, to reclaim
swamp lands within their territory."
Mr. BOWLIN said: Mr. Speaker, the bill which
I now (by order of the committee) report back to
the House, with amendments, is the same bill
which passed the Senate some time ago. As I
desire to ask immediate action upon it, I feel that
my duty to the committee, as well as to the
House, requires that I should submita fewremarks
in explanation of the character of the measure. I
need not telj this House, what everybody knows,
that if this bill is suffered to go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, it is for-
ever buried, so far as this Congress is concerned.
It has long since passed the Senate, and, being
now in this body, must be passed here, or fall a
dead letter upon the adjournment of this session—
so that, with all its high claims upon the justice of
Congress and the coutnry, and deeply interesting
as it is to all the new States of this Confederacy,
its friends are constrained, at this late period of
the session, to forego debate and to demand action
upon it at once. If it must perish, let it rather be
by a direct vote of the House than by a hopeless,
lingering delay upon the calendar. There is no
necessity, under the rules, for its committal, and
the number and simplicity of its provisions are
such as to be quickly comprehended and its justice
easily understood. And now I warn the friends of
the measure, that a vote to commit is equivalent to
a vote to reject the bill. And if such a motion
should be submitted I wish it to be regarded as a
test upon the merits if the question, in order that
the people of the new States may fully understand
their position in relation to these Government
claimed nuisances. I therefore conjure the friends
of the measure, as well as opponents, who are lib-
eral enough to allow the sense of the House to be
taker upon the bill, to rally for immediate action,
as the only course left us to settle the question at
this stage of the session. The subject of the bill
has been frequently discussed; its provisions are
few and brief, and are perhaps as well understood
now by the House as they would be at any future
period of this already prolonged session; and I
sincerely hope it will be the pleasure of the House
to act at once upon it. Another reason for desiring
immediate action is the fact, that the bill proposes
to donate the swamp and overflowed lands, unfit
for cultivation, to the States respectively in which
they lie, for the purpose of being reclaimed by
State authority and State resources, and the Legis-
latures of several of those States only sit bien-
nially, and the coming winter is the time of that
session in several of them, so that if this bill is de-
ferred now, and should even afterwards pass, it
will delay all provision for reclaiming them for
that length of time.
The passage of this bill and the donation of
these scraps of land, injurious as they exist, to the
States, and utterly valueless to this Government,
is but the beginning of the work of reclamation;
the State Legislatures must follow, appropriate
money, and redeem them from the water—and the
sooner the better for the health of the people and
the prosperity of the country.
I now ask the indulgence of the House, whilst
I submit a few remarks upon the merits of the bill,
not so much in the way of argument, as in the mere
statement of facts. These formations of swamps
and periodically overflowed lands, are common to
almost aUTerritoriesof sufficentarea to constitute a
State. They are evils common to all countries, ren-
dering in their original condition, portions of the
earth not only desolateandunsusceptibleof cultiva-
tion, but fruitful promoters of disease and death.
They can only be removed, or their evils mitigated
by means of labor and money, which, when pro-
perly employed, must redeem portions of the land
from sterility, and make it valuable and useful, in-
stead of the generator of disease. When such lands
belong to the States in which they lie, there is no
difficulty in their improvement, as the land re-
claimed goes to recompense the State, in whole or
in part, for the advances made for their redemp-
tion; and every well-ordered State will readily
employ her means to abate such nuisances in her
midst, particularly where she is permitted to en-
joy the whole fruits of her money expended and
labor employed. Indeed, the anticipated value of
the lands redeemed from the water, constitutes the
means to enable her to perform the work, without
imposing unnecessary burdens upon disinterested
communities. At all events, if she reclaims land,
it is for herself, and not for the sole benefit of a
mammoth speculator, who stands ready to plant
his Jacob's staff, and seize it the moment the money
and labor of the State has removed the water
from it.
But the case is wholly different in the new
States, where the land is owned, and its primary
disposal regulated by a Government separate, in
some respects, to that which enjoys the possession
of the soil. There, if they reclaim them, the
profits of their own labor do not inure to. their
own benefit, but to the benefit of others who con-
tribute nothing to produce it. And however press-
ing the necessity of removing these nuisances to
preserve the health of the community, the Legis-
latures of the States would be slow to tax the peo-
ple to reclaim lands which when reclaimed would
be seized upon, and offered in market to the very
people whose money had been employed to give
them the only value they had. So that these sub-
merged lands, if they are not relinquished to the
States in which they lie, must remain for a long
period unreclaimed—a perfect blight upon the set-
tlement and prosperity of the surrounding coun-
try. It is true, that if this Government will cling
to them with a miser's grasp, that in the course of
time necessity will compel the States, in preserv-
ing the health of their citizens, to reclaim them,
and this Government will be able to make a profit-
able speculation upon their labor; but such a course
is too obviously unjust to merit a consideration for
a moment. No man would openly avow so vile
a policy, and yet, by inactivity upon this subject,
and slumbering quietly over the frequent applica-
tions of the States interested to do something in
this matter, we are daily, by non-action, carrying
out the obnoxious doctrine. The older of the
new States have already felt the pressure of the
system of leaving these lands to be reclaimed by
State or individual enterprise, when this Govern-
ment would step in and sell that which their labor
alone gave value to. The people of Ohio have
reclaimed much land, for which they have had to
pay the Government her price. The State of
Louisiana is an illustrious example of the work-
ings of this policy. Their great levees, erected at
immense cost for the protection of her people,
necessarily reclaimed millions of acres, which were
subsequently surveyed and sold by this Govern-
ment, which but for that great work would never
have been worth a cent. As some remuneration
for her labor and expense, Congress subsequently
donated to her, for purposes of reclamation, a por-
tion of her yet remaining swamp lands, which to
her will be of value, but would be valueless to any
one else, as it will probably require as much to re-
claim them as they will he worth when reclaimed.
But she has, as every other State has, a deeper in-
terest than the mere amount of dollars and cents
involed in the operation—in the future health and
prosperity of the State.
That these swamps are injurious to the health,
and detrimental to the prosperity of the States in
which they lie, all must admit, and there are but
two ways pointed out by which they can be re-
moved One is, by this Government doing it, and
reimbursing itself out of the land reclaimed; and
the other is, by the States respectively interested
doing it for themselves. These are the only re-
sources to which the people affected can look, that
have the means or power of accomplishing a work
of such magnitude. Then the question arises,
whether the General Government could or should
engage in the work of draining these swamps,
merely to reclaim land for the market ? Whether
it has the power to engage in a work so local in its
character, or whether it would be a profitable in-
vestment if it had ? I undertake to say, that if it
could or would, the States affected and the people j
interested, would certainly be most highly gratified, |
-as their object is solely to have them redeemed by
whatever authority has the power and the ability. '
| It is no matter of speculation in the States that
j brings them here asking for these waste portions
j of the public domain, but a pure matter of neces-
sity, to rid themselves, if possible, of monstrous
j nuisances. As an evidence of that feeling, I might
, recur to the fact, that all their early memorials upon
| the subject were directed to the point, and asked
I Congress to appropriate money for reclamation,
and held out as an inducement the value of the
lands that might be redeemed from the water. And
they were only driven from this position from a
firm conviction that Congress never would directly
reclaim them, and in turn asked a grant of the
| valueless boon, upon condition that they reclaimed
j them. How far the General Government has power
i to engage in a work of so local a character, twill
j not now stop to discuss, as it is enough to demon-
i strate the improbability of such a thing ever being
j accomplished, were the power not a mooted ques-
1 tion. But the very fact of that difference of opinion
as to power, would keep it forever an open question,
whilst the people would be left to suffer all the in-
conveniences of their existence. And even if the
power was not a debatable question, and was con-
ceded to exist in the most ample form, the object
; would be but little nearer gained through this Gov-
j ernment, from the difficulties of engaging it in a
j work so peculiarly local. All experience has
, shown, that objects that affect alone the interest of
; a limited portion of the people of a State, can
| rarely be so forced upon the attention of the whole
! Confederacy as to induce them to engage in its im-
| provement. Indeed, objects of a much more en-
larged character frequently fail here, from this
spirit of indifference to the fate of other?.
The people of the particular sections affected by
these formations cannot reclaim them, alike from
the want of means, and that legitimate organization
so essential to the prosecution of a great work.
And if it were in their power to accomplish it by
forming combinations, it would be grossly unjust
to force such a burden upon them, through the
necessity of protecting the health of their respec-
tive neighborhoods.
The appropriate powers to perform this work
are the States respectively in which they are loca-
ted. The States can do the work, they can eom-
mand the resources, and they have manifested a
willingness in many instances to engage in it, if
the fruits of their labor can be made to inure to
their benefit, by way of indemnity, as far as it will
go, for the work. AH they ask is the assurance,
that if they spend their means in reclaiming lands
utterly worthless in their present condition, and
forever lost to this Government, that they shall
have, as a source of reimbursement in part, all the
lands they redeem from the water and render fit
I for habitation and cultivation. This is but just
i and reasonable, and accords with that liberal spirit
j of policy which ought to distinguish this Govern-
: ment in relation to these lands. It cannot enjoy
them as they are, nor will it reclaim them; then we
1 ask it to abandon them to the States that can and
j will do both. This is the smallest act of justice
I that it can perform, and the wisest policy that it
i can pursue, to rid themselves of a worthless prop-
; erty, on condition that it may be made to con tri-
bute to the sale of the surrounding lands and to the
national wealth and prosperity.
But it may be asked, what interest this Govern-
ment has in reclaiming these lands, which if they
yield no profit, cost no money ? I might answer
' in the first place, that it at least has a common in-
! terest in the health and prosperity of the country,
i But to those gentlemen who are influenced, m
^ everything touching the public lands, by a money-
saving policy, I could give a more effective an-
! swer, by illustrating its effects in a pecuniary point
| of view. These swamps and overflows do not
only destroy the land they cover, but cast their
1 blighting influence over the whole surrounding
| country, and to that extent greatly retard the sale
I and settlement of the public lands. The people
I will not, to any considerable extent, settle and im-
prove a country, however otherwise inviting,
which lies in the vicinity of these generators
of disease and death. And when they do, too
i frequently, feeling a confident assurance against
I ail rivalship for their perilous situation, they will
[ not enter the lands, and to that extent the Treas-
ury is defrauded of its just dues.
In illustration of the effect of the existence of
these swamps upon the sales of the public lands, I
will invite the attention of the House to an exam-
