1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1827
pie from my own State. Nearly all the swamp
lands in Missouri lie in the Jackson land district,
one of the first districts created in that region of
country, being put in operation in 1818, and the
swamp amounts to 1,462,057 acres. The district
itself embraces an area of 14,420 square miles, or
9,228,559 acres. Of this there was surveyed, up
to January 1, 1848, 7,766,502 acres, leaving the
area of the swamps (unsurveyable from their char-
acter) of 1,462,057 acres unsurveyed. Of the
amount surveyed, 6,883,156 acres have been pro-
claimed for sale, and are in market at the minimum
price of the public lands. The amount sold to
that date was 657,384 acres, showing a disparity
between the amount contained, the amount offered
for sale, and the amount sold, perhaps unparal-
leled. And when we reflect that the northern
portion of this district embraces one of the rich-
est mineral regions in the United States, and the
southern portion, where above water, one of the
richest agricultural countries in the world, we are
at no loss to account for the causes of these dimin-
utive sales. They are to be found in that long
black line of swamps that stretch their length
through the greater portion of the district, and
cast their blighting influences over every part of
it. If these swamps were removed, there is no
country more inviting, and I have no hesitation in
saying, that upon such a contingency these lands
would be immediately entered, settled, and im-
proved. The existence of the swamps destroys
the sales, and will forever destroy the sales of them,
until they are removed. Then, as a matter of dol-
lars and cents, Congress is invited to donate less
than a million and a half of acres of worthless
swamps, in order to give marketable value to
nearly seven and a half millions of acres of the
most fertile lands. What is said here of Missouri
and the Jackson land district, applies to all the
States and districts, doubtless, in which these
ewamp lands lie, and I cite this case as a specimen
of the whole system. The Missouri swamps
stretch on through Arkansas, and widen as they
go.
These lands, utterly worthless as they exist,
must be sooner or later devoted to their own recla-
mation; and if so, the sooner the better, both for
Treasury and the health and prosperity of the
States in which they lie. Many of these new
States hold their sessions of the Legislature bien-
nially, and the coming winter is the session. So
that if this bill is not now passed, it will defer ac-
tion on the subject in those States for two years
longer, if it does not worry them to an abandon-
ment of the great design of draining them for many
years to come.
This bill, with the amendment, simply proposes
to grant to the States in which they lie the swamp
and overflowed lands which are unfit for cultiva-
tion, for the purpose of being devoted to their own
reclamation. The amount is a fixed and ascer-
tained fact in the Land Office, and is fully sent forth
in a report to the Senate, made by the late Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, in response
to a resolution of the Senate known as the Cor-
win resolution. The bill, as it came from the Sen-
ate, was no doubt designed to carry out the same
object precisely, as the bill will now, with the
amendment proposed by the committee, which has
been furnished by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office in a letter to a gentleman of this
House, in reply to an inquiry from the honorable
R. W. Johnson of Arkansas, who has taken an
active interest in this measure in behalf of his
State, and who caused the letter to be laid before
the committee, and which I now have before me,
the object of which was to make clear and definite
what 'was somewhat obscure in the Senate hill.
The Senate bill, and the bill as proposed to be
amended, had doubtless the same ultimate object;
but owing to the wording of it, would not, m the
opinion of the Commissioner, hare effected its
t>urpose without the amendment. Tne oenate bill,
as it came to us, in describing these lands, used
the following terms: " as are known and designa-
ted on the plats of the office, as swamp lands,
&c., and thereby imposed a limitation which too
much limited the grant. There is but little of
these swamp and overflowed lands designated on
the plats of the office, owing to the facts, that the
d rvest seasons were sought for surveying them;
andlin all instances nearly, the surveyors paid lit-
tle or no attention to the topography of the coun-
try. Consequently, it could not be specified on
the plats. But the Land Office is in possession of
the information from other sources, and will be
able to designate at once every acre reported in
the new States as swamp and overflowed lands.
Hence the necessity of the amendment, to make
the bill correspond with the report of the Com-
missioner, setting forth the quantity of swamp
and overflowed lands in each State respectively
which in its present condition is wholly unfit for
cultivation. That matter is so accurately ascer-
tained in the office, that if the bill were to pass to-
day, the Commissioner could proceed to set apart
at once all that the bill would grant.
The letter being called for, was sent to the ta-
ble, and read, as follows:
General Land Office, July 20,1850.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of yesterday, inquiring whether Senate bill No. 3,
will embrace ail public lands subject to annual overflow?
And if not, then what is the character of those swamp
binds that will be effected by that act? In answer I have the
honor to state, that by the first section of that bill, it is pro-
nosed to grant to the State of Arkansas " the whole of those
'swampand overflowed lands, known and designated on
'the plats of the General Land Office as 'swamp lands?,'and
< which shall remain unsold at the passage of this act," &e.
This provision is extended by the fourth section of that
act to "each of the other States of the Onion in which
such < pwamp lands,' known and designated as aforesaid,
may be situated." Tlussiant being thus restricted to such
of the swamp and overflowed lands as are known and de-
Si'tialed on the plats of 'his office us « snoiiip lanix," will
not include much of that which is subject to annual over-
flow; tor the reason that it has always been an object with
the deputy surveyors to survey the wet or overflowed'lands
in tlie dryest seasons; and hence those which are returned
on the plat and field notes as "swamp lands,"are gener-
ally of that character in the dry seasons, and consequently
mostly irreclaimable.
I have caused nn examination to be made of the plats
of the surveys in Michigan; Mississippi, along the river;
Louisiana, on the west hank of the Mississippi; Illi-
nois, along the "American bottom," as it is-called ; and
Florida; and with the exception of the last-mentioned
State, very few of the lands are represented as " swamp."
This is especially the case in the plats of the old surveys
on which but little of the topography of the countiy is
.■shown.
By striking nut ull m the fouith line after the wbrds" over-
flowed JandV all in the fifth line and all m the sixth line,
except the words " shall be," a? the end of that lino, in the
first section, the object of the bill will, in my opinion, be
fully obtained. Very re?pectfu!lv, vonr obedient servant,
J. BUTTERFXELD, Commissioner.
Hon. R. W. Johnson, Home of Representatives.
As to the quantity granted by the bill, it may in
some instances seem large; but the House must
recollect, that it is one of those kind of grants,
which increases the obligation on the States in
proportion to the increased size of the grant; and
those are not the most fortunate that get nominally
; the most land. Indeed, the contrary is more likely
i to be the practical result. Michigan and Arkansas
1 acquire under this bill the largest amount of
land, as they have the greatest quantity of swamp,
and I certainly regard them as the most unfortu-
nate States, in being burdened with so much of
such territory. 1 am certainly rejoiced that it
does not fall to the fate of Missouri to be one of
the largest of such grantees. So that as the work
of reclaiming is likely to be equal to the value of
the land reclaimed, there is nothing in the differ-
ence of quantity to the respective States, that
could raise any well-founded objection to the pas-
sage of the bill. It is at best a nuisance, and the
less any Slate has of it in her borders, the better
is her condition. It is not a speculation on the
part of the States, but a burden upon their re-
sources, which they are willing to assume, to
redeem lands returned by the proper officers to
the department as swamps and overflows, unfit
for cultivation, and valuless in their present condi-
tion.
Mr. HARALSON interposed, and inquired
whether the effect of the amendment would not be
to grant all lands at any time subject to overflow;
and if so, would it not grant lands to an almost
unlimited extent?
Mr. BOWLIN (resuming) replied, that the
amount of land conveyed by this bill was a fixed
and settled fact in the Land Office, but not set out
on the plats. That it was contained in the report
of the Commissioner to the Senate, where every
foot of swamp and overflowed land in every
land district in the United States was specifically
set forth, and could be set apart at once; so there
could be no uncertainty as to amount. This sub-
ject has been frequently discussed in this House
and in the Senate; the Senate have passed this bill
upon full deliberation, and I have no doubt that
this House are as well prepared to vote upon it
now as they would be at any future time, and I
sincerely hope that it will bo their pleasure to give
an expression of the opinion of the House upon
the merits of the bill by a direct vote on its pass-
age. This is all the friends of the bill ask—to let it
come to a vote; and if the sense of the House is
against the measure, let-it be so expressed and set-
tled; if, on the contrary, it should be in favor of the
measure, the States suffering from this inconve-
nience should be promptly relieved. With a firm
conviction of thj^justice of the measure, and con-
fiding in the temper of the House to award it fairly,
I now submit the bill in behalf the committee, and
ask that it may be put upon its passage.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved the previous question.
Mr. HAMPTON. Is it in order to move to re-
fer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the "Union ?
The SPEAKER replied, that it was not in order
pendins the demand for the previous question.
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the bill on the
table.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered on
the motion.
The question, " Shall the bill be laid upon the
table?" was taken, and decided in the negative—
yeas 50, nays 117; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Booth,Ches-
ter Butler, Calvin, Casey, Clarke, Colcocfc, Dimmick, Na-
than Evans, Freedley, Gerry, Hampton, Haralson, Hay,
Hebard, Howe, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,
J. G. King, J. A. King, Preston King, Littlefield, Job Mann,
Matteson, McLanalian, McMullen Meacham, Moore, Nel-
son;. Otis, Pitman, Reed, Risley, Root, Ross, Rumsey, foack-
ett, Sawtelle, Silvester, Thaddens Stevens, Stetson, Tay-
lor, James Thompson, Tuck, Vinton, Wallace, and Wood-
ward—51).
NAYS—Messrs. Albeitson, Alston, Anderson, Ashmun,
I Averett, Baker, Bay, Beale, Bingham, Bis=ell, Bokee,Bowje,
I Bowlin, Boyd, Breek, Briggs, Albert O. Brown, William J.
I Brown, Buel, Burrows, Burt, E. Carringion Cabell, Joseph
i Cable, Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter, Chandler,
! Cleveland, Chngman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cole, Cor-
; win, Daniel, Dtiberrv, Dickey, Disney, Dixon, Doty, Dun-
j can, Durkee, Eliot, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gilbert, Gil-
! more, Gorman, Gott, Gould, Green, Grinnell, Hall, Hamil-
j ton, Harlan, Ishain G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
; L. Harris. Haymonii, Henry, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes,
1 Howaid, Hubbard, Joseph W.Jackson, Robert W.Johnson,
■ jones, Julian, Kaufman, George G.Xim2,La Sere.Lcffler,
i Horace Mann, Marshall, MeCJernand, McDonald, McDow-
|i ell, McGaughey, McQueen, Miller, Millson, Morehead,
' I Morse. Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Phrenix, Pot-
ter, Powell. Richardson, Bobbins, Robinson, Savage,
Sehenrk, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Spauliling, f-prague, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richrd H. Stanton, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Venable, Walden. Waldo,
Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Williams,
Wood, Wright, and Young—117.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Mr. HAMPTON. I move-that the bill be re-
ferrd to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Williams] to withdraw the
demand for the previous question, that he (Mr. C.)
might introduce an amendment, which he desired
to have read.
Mr. WILLIAMS declined to withdraw.
Mr. COBB desired, that by the unanimous con-
sent of the House, his amendment might be read
fcfr information.
Mr. VINTON objected.
It was as follows: Insert after the word "over-
flowed" the words " the mountain lands, and the
proceeds of said mountain lands to be applied to
common schools in the States respectively."
So the amendment was not read.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the demand for the previous question, and the vote
stood—ayes 85, noes not counted.
So there was a second.
The main question was ordered, being first on
agreeing to the amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. CLEVELAND called for the reading of
the bill.
It was read. Pending the question—
On motion, the House adjourned.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, gave notice
that on to-morrow or some subsequent day, he
would ask leave to bring in the following bills:
A bill to alter and amend the revenue laws so as
to afford reasonable protection and encouragement
to American labor;
A bill to abolish slavery in the Territory of Utah;
