1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I desire to limit
the future appropriation.
Mr. DICKINSON. I believe I said that the
Commissioner had stated in his report that he was
so dnected—if so, I was in error. He said so in
his communication to me, and not in his published
report.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I should like to know
whether, under any existing legislation, any ex-
ecutive officer has a right to go on and make new
contracts? I should like to know whether we are
out of that scrape?
Mr. DAVIS, of .Mississippi. I agree with the
Senator from Indiana as to the propriety of restrict-
ing any executive officer from entering into con-
tracts which Congress has not authorized by law;
but 1 do not think that to be the case presented
here for action, or even for consideration. As I
understand it, the Secretary, when the funds were
exhausted, about or before the present session of
Congress, so signified to the conuactors. They
have, on their own responsibility, and resting on
the generosity or good faith of Congress, gone on
and prosecuted the work In the mean time they
have nearly exhausted their credit and private
funds in procuring materials, whilst the laborers
have gone on and performed their work on credit
—living as they might. This is, therefore, if not
exactly an obligation of contract, yet i think one
of good faith, and they should ba paid for what
they have done. If we were to stop the work
where it is, damages would probably be claimed,
which wouid exhaust the whole of the $90,000
proposed to be appropriated. I believe to pay for
the labor done and the material procured, would
leave very little of the appropriation now in the
deficiency bill. My remarks, therefore, were in-
tended to apply to future appropriations, which
should be limited to what is necessary for the
completion of the east wing.
Mr. DICKINSON. There would be no claim
for damages, at any event, because there has been
more work done than the appropriation required.
They might claim pay for services rendered and
materials furnished, but not for damages. I agree
with what the Senator from Mississippi has said
in reference to the Government paying rent. I
think it a miserable economy; but of that I hold
that Congress is a better judge than anybody out
of doors.
Mr. WHITCOMB. 1 think I was not under-
stood before. I wish to know whether, if this
amendment be adopted, it will prevent such a thing
as the making of other contracts in this matter ?
If so, my desire is to have the matter arrested
until Congress can take jurisdiction of it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not think
the Secretary made any contract beyond the limit
of the appropriation. He gave warning to the
contractors to stop, but allowed them to go on.
And the question of good faith originates in the
fact that he allowed them to go on; and Congress
also permitted it; thus implying that there was to be
an extension of the appropriation unless they could
suppose that Congress would retrace its steps and
refuse further appropriations for the completion of
the building.- Congress in specific terms had di-
rected the erection of the wings of the building ac-
cording to theori^inal plan, and if they meant any-
thing else, that was the fault of Congress, and not
of the contractors. They had no right to mean
anything else than what th^y said. Congress
should have examined the matter—the original plan
—to which specific reference was made in the law,
and not have taken the suggestionsof an intermedi-
ate commissioner or an architect's secondary plan.
Had they called for the original plan, they would
have known what they were voting for.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I would ask the Senator
from Rhode Island what objection he can have to
this amendment repealing so much, of the law as
refers to the completion of the original plan?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Strike out the
word " wings" and say east "wing."
Mr. WHITCOMB. All that I desire is, that
the thing may be within the control of Congress
heieafter. Then we can suggest a plan and make
specific appropriations in reference to it. Our le-
gislation heretofore on this subject has, I appre-
hend, been somewhat too hasty, and without
sufficient guards. This is what \ desire to guard
against in the future by keeping the matter solely
within the control of Congress.
Mr. PHELPS. I am somewhat apprehensive
that the proposition of the Senator from Rhode
Island may not accomplish what is suggested here.
This appropriation, as I understand it, is desired
for the purpose of paying for work already done;
but, under the terms of the amendment, it is some-
what doubtful whether the appropriation can be
applied to any such purpose. I think the amend-
ment requires some modification.
Mr. PEARCE. I suppose it is intended that
the appropriation shall not only be sufficient to
pay for work done under contracts, but to carry
on the woik during the present fiscal year.
Mr. PHELPS. The objection still remains.
If any portion of the appropriation is to be ap-
plied to the payment of work already done, the
question arises on this amendment, whether it is
confined to the east wing? We have been told
that the contractors have proceeded on the faith of
appropriations to be made by Congress—that men
have been employed to do the work who are un-
paid. If this includes the work on the foundation
of the western wing, will it not embarrass the
completion of the eastern wing? I ask the read-
ing of the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment as follows:
" For the erection of Die e:wt wing, and to place the west
wing in a stite of security, according to the original plan,
by the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, the sum of
$90,000, to be paid cut of the patent fund."
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the words
" to be paid out of the patent fund."
Mr. DICKINSON". I hope these words will
not be stricken out. If they are, there will be
thrown, according to my idea, the expenditure of
a million and a half upon the Treasury.
The amendment of Mr. Hale was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. CLARKE. I desire to suggest a modifica-
tion of my amendment, so that it shall lead in this
way: Instead of saying " towards the erection,
I would say "towards the completion" of the
eastern wing of the Patent Office, according to the
original plan. After that, I would add the words
"and after placing the foundations of the west
wing in a state of security." Instead of letting
them follow the words " Patent Office building,"
let them lollow the words " original plan." That,
perhaps, will meet the ideas of gentlemen. The
amendment will then read:
" To complete the ea^t wing of the Patent Office building
according to the original plan, and place the foundation of
the west wing in a state of security," &c.
This will leave the future construction of the
west wing to the will and pleasure of Congress
hereaftpr. With this modification I hope the
amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was then adopted.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have already, I believe,
asked the yeas and nays on the motion to strike
out the section, and I intend to offer a substitute
for it. I desire, however, that the question shall
be taken first on striking out. The substitute is
as follows:
" For the erection of the wings upon the plan submitted
to Congre^ by the Commissioner of Patents in his annual
report of December, 1845, which was estimated to coat
$150,000, §o0,0li0 io he paid out of the Patent Office fund.
And the Uomnn^ionerot Public Buildings is hereby directed
to arrest the work now in protfres-s, and to cause it here-
after to be proj-ecuted by the c<>. tractors therefor in strict
conformity with said plan, removing such portions of the
work now mi pr<> n\-s «u« may be nect*>s«try foi the purpose,
for winch a jn-.t compensation shall be paid out of the fund
hereby appiopnateU."
The question being taken on the motion to strike
out, it was rejected, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Cas«, Clemens, Dick-
inson, Fetch. Hale, Hamlin, Ivm^, Norris, Pnelps, Stbas-
tian, S'urgvon, and Uphaiu—14.
NAYS—iYJps-rs. Atchison, Badgei, Baldwin, Bell, Bor-
land, Butler, Chase. Clarke, Chi), Cooper. Corwm, Davis
of Massachusetts, Pavi& of >Ji*t isMppi, Pajton, Dorlge
of Iowa, Dodge of Wisconsin. Douglas, Downs, Foote,
Greene, Hunter, Mangum, Miller, Moitoii, Peaiee, llu&k,
Seward, Shield?, Smith, S<>u;6, Spruance, Turney, Wales,
Walker, and Wbitcomb—35.
The next amendment proposed by the Finance
Committee was then read, as follows:
" Strike out lines from 171 to 174 inclusive "
" At the end of line 1% add : To be expended under the
diiection ofthe Commissioner of > ublic l u Min«s, on whose
application to the Sccretaiy of War an officer of the engi-
neers or other c-orps of the army may be detailed to super-
vise the work.'5
Mr. WHITCOMB. If in order, I wish to move
a further amendment,to the section in relation to
the Patent Office.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope .the Senator will
withdraw it. If the Seriate are disposed' to sanc-
tion and carry forward this building under the pres-
ent plan of erection, I certainly do not- feel'dis-
posed to throw any little obstacles in the way,
which-may only tend to delay the bill.
Mr. WHITCOMB. . 1 have an amendment,
however, which i wish to offer at the proper time.
Mr. DICKINSON. It will be in order when
the bill is reported to*the Senate. The amend-
ment now under consideration is an appropriation
to continue the pavement of the avenue around the
Capitol grounds, of $16,500, to be expended under
the direction of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, on whose application to the Secretary of War
an officer of the army or of the engineer corps shall
be detailed to supervise the work. The object is
to place the work under the supervision of a prop-
er engineer. The appropriation comes recom-
mended by the Committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Commissioner of Public
Buildings.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendments proposed by the Finance
Committee were read, as follows:
"At the end of the bill add as follows:
" To supply the deficiency in the appropriation for the*
contingent expenses of the House of Representatives Jbr
printing, binding, and engraving, and other miscellaneous
expenses for the present fiscal year, $129,250.
" To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay for one thousand sets of the continuation of the Statutes
at La jre, primed by Little 8c Brown, puisuant to the order
of the House of Representatives, $2,521."
Mr. DICKINSON. These two amendments to
supply deficiencies in the funds of the House of
Representatives were omitted or overlooked in that
body, and I have the authority of their committee,
unanimously given, to ask their insertion here.
We, therefore, offer them in behalf of that com-
mittee, and ask a vote of the Senate upon them.
The amendments were agreed to.
The next amendment proposed by the Finance
Committee was read, as follows:
" For repairiftg the United States steameis Jefferson, Het-
zei, and Legare, employed in the coast survey under the
direction ofthe Secretary of the Treasury, $20,U0U."
Mr. DICKINSON. There were four steamers
set apart to the use of the coast survey—the Jeffer-
son, Hetzei, Legare, and Walker. The Hetzei
last winter was thrown upon the rocks and injured,
and the Jefferson and Legare are in want of
repairs. One of these vessels, the Walker, i
believe, was taken by an officer of the navy to
carry the United States Minister, Mr: Letcher, to
Mexico, under circumstances perhaps rather ques-
tionable, though I will not discuss them now. But
the steamer was taken from the control of the offi-
cers charged with the coast survey. Two of them
are out of repair from service, and the Hetzei was
thrown upon the rocks and injured. It is desired
to finish the survey of the-coast of Maryland
and Virginia during the coming season, and also
to continue the survey of the Gulf of Mexico. It
cannot be done without these vessels are repaired
at once, and this is the object in putting this pro-
vision in the deficiency bill. -
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment proposed by the Commit-
tee on Finance was then read, as follows:
u For contingent expenses ofthe Senate, §213,000,"
Mr. DICKINSON. This is the amount given
us by the Secretary of the Senate, of our actual
expenses; and, in order that the Senate and the
public may know how this expense arose, I will
state that upwards of $150,000 of it are for docu-
ments to distribute among our constituents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment proposed by the Finance
Committee was then read, as follows:
For deficiencies in the appropriations for the bianeh
mint at New Orleans, the past fiscal year, $15,000 "
Mr. DICKINSON. That is explained by the
officer in charge of the mint in New Orleans, and
is requested by the officer of thfTmint in New Or-
leans, and the Secretary of the Treasury, as being
but necessary and proper for deficiencies to that
amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment proposed by the Finance
Committee was then read, as follows:
"For supplying d< ficiencies in appropnauons for the na-
val service, for the fiscal >ear endtni; 30th June, 1849, m
pursuance of the reporf of the Secretary of the Navy, vf
December 24, 1849, §747.533 30."
Mr. DICKINSON. That is a very large ap-
propriation, and perhaps requires some explana-
