THEE GONGKEi^oML GLO&E.
1S29
BILL7 FROM THE HOUSE.
The act in relation to the claims of Virginia of-
ficers for half pay, was received from the House
of Representatives, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims. The bill provides that the proper officers
of the Government, in adjudicating claim's for half
pay of the officers of the State of Virginia, under
the third section of the act entitled " An act to pro-
vide for liquidating and (laying certain claims of'
the State of Virginia," approved 5th July, 1832,
shall in no case allow commutation and interest,
in lieu of half pay.
PROMOTIpNS IN THE ftAVY.
, Mr. SALE asked for the consideration of the
following resolution, which was offered by him on
Saturday:
"Resolved, T&at the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
lay before to the Senate the proceedings of a board of offi-
cers of the navy, convened at Washington for the purpose
Of advising in regard to promotions in the navy, and holden
bv order ol'-lhe Secretary of ihe Navy during tile lime George
Bancroft, Esq . was Secretary of the Navy, or subsequent to
that time." •
Mr. BADGER. I hope the Senate will not
proceed to the consideration of that resolution. It
will necessarily give rise to discussion ;and, besides,
f tliink what is proposed to be done will be very
injurious. It is to call upon the Secretary of the
Navy for a report that seems to have been made
under the direction of Secretary Bancroft, who, in
my judgment, when he directed ,the investigation
to be made which resulted in that report, took a
false step, and one that will be fruitful of the most
mischievous consequences if this report should be
published. I think it far better that the Senate
should pass a resolution directing the Secretary of
the Navy to cause it to be burnt than to have it
published. I hope, therefore, that the resolution
will not be talcen up now, and that we shall not
be subjected to the necessity of discussing it. If
it is at all important, it will answer all purposes just
as well at the next session as at this time; and for
the purpose of testing the sense of the Senate on
the subject, 1 move that the resolution lie on the
table.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senator will withdraw
the motion for a few minutes.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly, sir.
Mr. HALE. This report is an important one.
I called at the Secretary's office to see it, and it was
at the suggestion of the Secretary himself that I
introduced the resolution. The Secretary told me j
at that time, that the paper had been once before
the Senate, but from some cause or other it was
returned to him unopened. I repeat, it was at the
Suggestion of the Secretary himself that I intro-
duced the resolution, and I believe it is necessary
to do justice to many officers of the navy. It was
attempted by Mr. Bancroft, if I understand the mat-
ter, to substitute some other rule in regard to pro-
motions than that which has always prevailed, and
he called this court of inquiry, the result.of whose
proceedings was reported to the Secretary of the
Navy, and it seems.to me but proper that it should
be reported to the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I suppose that all the Senator
from New Hampshire means by saying that this
resolution was intoduced by him at tfie suggestion
of the Secretary of the Navy is,' that the Sec-
retary of the Navy declined to let him see the
paper, but told him that if it was called for by the
Senate, of course he would communicate it. The
Secretary refused to let the Senator see it, and I am
told refuses to let any one see it. I have a letter
from him in which he states that at the time the
application was made to him he had not looked
into the papers himself; but he had since given a
cursory examinatinn to a part of them, and is sat-
isfied that their publication would be productive of
themost mischievous consequences to the service.
He corrects, also, a misapprehension under which
he was at the time the Senator from New Hamp-
shire spoke to him, that this paper was once before
the Senate. He says he was mistaken in that,
and that these papers were never out of the pos-
session of the department. I do not wish them
ever to be out of the possession of the department,
and I hope if the subject shall come up, that some
proceedings will be adopted by one or both Houses
of Congress for their destruction. For the present
I do not wish to go into tfye,matter, and I hope the
resolution may be laid on the table.
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
was agfeed t6.
SLA.VIS TRADE IN DISTRICT OF COLOMBIA.
The bill to suppress the slave trade in the District
of Columbia came up on the question of its pas-
sage.
Mr. BENTON. I wish this morning to make
a remark which is called for by what has taken
place. I am one of those who insisted, both as a
matter of right and as a matter of expediency, that
c.ertain bills, commonly called the omnibus, should
be separated and treated on their own merits. I
was answered by arguments of expediency, that
the bills would pass sooner all together, and that
thereby a better effect would be produced in set-
tling the public mind. I disagreed with those ar-
guments, and I then brought upon myself a great
deal of censure in some parts of the country, and
especially in my own State. The thing is now over,
the votes have been taken, and the results tell,
what history will tell, that I was right in every-
thing that i said. AVe have had votes upon every
subject, and when separated every subject passed,
passed quickly, without a struegle, anil by a great
majority, and the effect on the public mind has
been just as sedative as if the whole dose had been
taken at once. And, sir, when we come to look
into the yeas and nays on the four leading meas-
ures, the admission of California, the territorial
government for Utah and New Mexico, and the
settlement of the Texan boundary question, we
find that the yeas who voted for all the four meas-
ures amount to just seventeen! and counting in one
who was absent [Mr. Clay] they would have
been just eighteen—eighteen out of sixty. That
there may be no mistake about it, I will read the
names, so that if I am wrong in any particular, I
may be corrected. Those who voted for all ihe
measures are, Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Cass,
Cooper, Dodge, Dickinson, Douglas, Felch, Hous-
ton, Jones, Mangum, Norris, Shields, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Wales, and Wlutcomb—just seventeen,
and the one absent would make eighteen. And
that I hold to be the true strength of the omnibus
bill, as proved by the result, when every member
was at liberty to vote precisely as he thought
right, uninfluenced by any other consideration
than what belonged to the bill itself. Then with
respect to the Committee of Thirteen, I find there
were only five of them voting for the whole of
these measures, and 1 read their names, so that if
there be any mistake, 1 may be corrected. They
were Messrs. Bright, Cass, Gooper, Dickinson,
and Dodge of Iowa. So that there were only five
of the committee out of thirteen who voted for all
of these bills ; one of them [Mr. Webster] being
absent by reason of accepting a Cabinet appoint-
ment, and another for his health. Now, sir, the
majorities by which these bills passed severally
were these": Utah by a majority of eighteen,
Texas boundary by a majority of ten, California
by a majority of sixteen, and New Mexico by a
majority of seventeen. I give these results for the
purpose of justifying myself in standing out for
what I considered to be parliamentary law m ori-
ginally wishingtoseparate all thesebills, and I now
say that the result has confirmed everything I said
upon this floor.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I rise for the purpose
of correcting the Senator from Missouri. I wish
to say, as a historical fact, that I was not one of
the Committee of Thirteen.
Mr. BENTON. Ah ! then that makes my po-
sition so much the stronger, and reduces the num-
ber to four out of the whole thirteen.
Mr. CLAY. I have not risen to Say one word
upon these subjects. The events of the last few
weeks are not, m my opinion, a proper subject for 1
individual triumph or for indulgence of a spirit of !
egotism. They are the triumphs of the country, j
the triumphs of the Union, the triumphs of harmo- j
ny and concord in the midst of a distracted people. ;
The question as to whether the measures should
have been combined or separated was the merest
question of form that ever occurred; and I venture
to say that, if there had been no opposition to the
combination, these measures would all have passed
three or four months ago. According to all the
information which I have from the other House,
there was a majority of some thirty or forty ready i
to pass these bills m their combined form. That, ■
however, is only conjectural; and the question as
to whether these bills should have passed in a sep-
arate or combined form, is one on which 1 will not
now occupy the time of the Senate and the atten-
tion of the country. The measures have passed.
I am rejoiced at it, and I have no doubt that the
beneficial effect intended to be produced by them,
whether in a combined or separate form, will, at
no distant day, be fully realized.
Mr. BENTON. The day has not y.et come
when any Senator can come upon this floor and
fay down a plan of operations, and permit no op-
position to be made to it, or call gentleman to ac-
count or charge them with the delay of business
because they do not submit to the proposed plan.
We have not _y& arrived at this point. Such a.
point has, existed in "some countries; it has existed
in France under her old monarchs,-but the.effect
was to help to takeaway her kings. The day was,
when Louis XIV., although considered a monarch,
of good taste in general, and a proud man, walked
into the hall of Parliament, sitting as a Bed of
Justice, with a whip in his hand, and required his
edict to be registered. But we have not come to
that day yet; and when it does come, if ever,
there will be found resistance on this floor. I have
a right to resist a measure, come from whom it
may; and on this occasion the result proves I was
right; the result prov.es that we have lost four
months abouta matter which was unparliamentary,
and which has failed,.and the moment that it failed
every thing which was proposed was accomplished;
at that moment the cats and dogs that had been
tied together by their tails fonr months, scratching
and biting, being loose again, every oneof them
ran off to his own hole and was quiet. [Laughter.]
We then passed the bills iiislaiiter, when we had
the different subjects disentangled, and without the
aid of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,]
and with the aid of only four votes from the Com-
mittee of Thirteen.
Mr. FOOTE. I suppose I may say, without
egotism, that I had some little connection with this
plan of combination, and, having had that connec-
tion, I am sure the Senate will bear with me while
I make a few remarks. Whatever may be the
opinion of others here, I have a decided opinion,
which I believe is concurred iri throughout the.
United States, thgtt but for the change which has
taken place, both in the public mind of the coun-
try and the congressional mind within the last six
months, all of these measures would not have been
passed. But for their being combined so as to
produce a free discussion here—but for their being
made the basis of a free interchange of opinion in
the two Houses of Congress and in the news-
papers of the country, and the consequent change
effected in the public mind, the great scheme now
so triumphantly adopted would not have become
a part of the law of the land. So the. impartial
historian will hereafter record. As to tyranny and
oppression, I have but a. word to say. I should
be the last man in the Senate, I hope, to incur a
charge of being either tyrannical or oppressive;
but if we have been the subjects of tyranny, if a
domineering course has been at one time pursued
here, and if we have borne it with patience for
years, yes, sir, for almost thirty years entire,
thank God! we may exclaim at last, " Behold
the tyrant prostrate in the dust, and rome
again is free."
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not propose to enter
upon this debate, and particularly that part of it
which savors of controversy. I will state, how-
ever, what I regard as the true position of the
question, and it is this: It by no means follows
because these bills, at the end of a discussion,
which has lasted about eight months, have most of
them been passed separately, that it was not expe-
dient, under all the circumstances of the case, to
have them united originally. If any one of these
questions had been taken up singly it would doubt-
less have led to much sectional feeling and irrita-
tion; but as they were taken up altogether, and
discussed in connection with each other, neither
the friends nor the opponents of any particular
measure could complain that one bill was taken up
in preference to another, nor could any section of
the country complain that its interests were ne-
glected while those of another section were favored.
Sir, I will add, that neither the Committee of
Thirteen, nor any other committee, nor Congress,
have settled these questions. They were settled
by the healthy influence of public opinion; and in
my estimation have been settled more surely and
satisfactorily because the whole questions were be-
fore the Senate and the country at one time, and
under discussion and consideration together. As
a general rule, 1 agree that the Senator from Mis-
