73f>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15.
Mr. RUSK. ' mean, as one of the Post Office
Committee, to bring forward a plan before the
close of the sess'on by which mail facilities in the
different parts rf the Union shall not depend on
the choice or ciprice of the Postmaster General.
The difficulty tnat we labor under in this respect
is the discretion that has been given to him under
the former law. I propose, at the proper time, to
bring forward a bill to remedy this defect.
Mr. KING. I take it for granted that the busi-
ness of the Post Office Department requires addi-
tional clerks. The statement of the Senator from
Texas, so far as that is concerned, is entirely sat-
isfactory. Additional assistance is required at
this department, to enable them To get through the
business, which has very greatly increased of late,
by reason of the extension of mail-routes, and also
by reason of the newly-formed postal arrangements
with Great Britain. If there is a presure upon the
department at the present moment, owing to the
contracts that are to be made, and other causes, 1
see no reason why they should not be granted
temporarily, and when a bill comes up for making
a general reorganization of the department it would
be time enough to provide for the permanent in-
crease of the force employed in that department.
That, it appears to me, is the proper course to be
pursued. 1 do not intend to throw any obstacle
in the way of affording the assistance required;
but I think any addition that is made at present to
the force employed in the department should be
temporarily made, with a view of extricating the
department from its present embarrassment, leav-
ing it to be determined hereafter, to what extent
and in what manner an increase shall be made—
when we shall be prepared to act deliberately, and
upon a thorough investigation of all the circum-
stances connected with the proper discharge of the
duties connected with that department. If we were
to make provision for permanent appointments
now, we would not be able to free ourselves from
the additional number of clerks when the work
shall have been brought up.
Mr. PEARCE. I believe, with the Senator
from Texas, that additional force in the Post Office
Department is necessary, and 1 will very briefly
state why I think so. The department was reor-
ganized m 1836—it was established and fixed by
law at that time. The Postmaster General at that
period was Mr. Amos Kendall, a gentleman who,
however politically odious he tnay be to a portion
of the people of this country, must be admitted to
have possessed great vigor and activity of mind,
and to have been a very laborious public officer.
At (he very moment the department went into
operation he found that there had not been a
sufficient number of clerks provided, and he im-
mediately employed seven additional temporary
clerks, and they were paid from time to time un-
der the provisions of acts of Congress. That was
in 1836. Since that period the number of post
offices in this country has been increased from
eleven to seventeen thousand. The correspond-
ence of the country has of course vastly increased;
the business of the inspection offices and the busi-
ness of the contract offices have increased; the
number of post routes has been increased; the
business of the dead-letter office has increased;
and within the last year there has been an amount
of business thrown upon that department which
very few gentlemen me aware of, except those
who have taken the trouble to investigate the sub-
ject. it will be recollected that m i848 we entered
into a postal arrangement with Great Britain,
wliich was not carried into effect until the 4th of
March last. Now, during a great part of the time
we have had steamers running once a fortnight,
and sometimes once a week, and these steamers
carried from forty thousand to sixty thousand let-
ters. Under the postal arrangement letters going
to Engi.ind might be either prepaid or wholly un-
paid. This arrangement has given rise to a ^reat
increase of business, because we are bound to keep
an account of the postage upon foreign letters par-
ticularly, in order that we may settle our accounts
properly with England. This arrangement throws
a vast amount of business on the dead-letter of-
fice, for theie is a large number of letters received
by every mail that do not reach their destination;
and these letters have not only to be opened and
examined, but an account muit be kept of them,
and they must be returned to the Post Office in
€rrea' Britain as vouchers that the postage has not
been received by us, for we are charged with
postage upon them. This occasions a ^reat amount
of business. And the mails that are dispatched to
California are no small matter; and you will recol-
lect that we made a postal arrangement a short
time ago with the Government of New Granada,
by which we agreed to pay twenty dollars for the
first one hundred pounds of mailable matter, and
twelve dollars for every succeeding hundred
pounds. At that time every mail transmitted
across the Isthmus might be carried in the crown
of a hat. How is it now ? Every steamer brings
immense mails. As many as sixty and seventy
bags, each containing a hundred pounds of mail-
able matter, comes in each of the California steam-
ers, and we all know how rapidly the correspond-
ence is increasing. It takes four clerks to assort
the letters of those mails that arrive here alone, j
It was the policy of Mr. Johnson, the Postmaster !
General, who was a great economist, to cut down
the expenses as much as possible, so as not to '
exceed the limits of the appropriation; and for |
that purpose he was obliged to dispense with cer- '
tain arrangements of the Post Office, which were !
considered very important. Until the press of
business became too great, the rule was for the
different postmasters to report every, arrival. This
was very necessary for obvious reasons. If the 1
postmaster's duty is to make a report of every I
arrival.it may be done; but if only to report the
failures, it may not be done. The practice of |
reporting all the arrivals should be resumed; but
the force of the department for some years has
been incompetent to discharge that duty. In ad-
dition to this, I may state that it has been proposed
to this Government by the Prussian Government
to establish the same postal arrangements that !
exist between this country and Great Britain; but,
for the want of an adequate force, the Postmaster
General has been obliged to turn a deaf ear to the
proposition.
Owing, then, to this pressure of business, this
addition to the number of clerks is now asked for.
That permanent offices should be added to the
Post Office Department I think must be manifest
to every member of the Senate. If we are to pass
a law providing for the temporary employment of
these clerks, they will, by their continued employ-
ment, become permanently engaged; and if they
are to be thus permanently employed, I think we
might as well authorize their permanent employ-
ment at once.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I perceive that
there is already in the deficiency bill a very large
increase of appropriations for clerks in many of the
departments, amounting in one section of the bill
to the sum of $14,5G8. This is owing in a great
measure to the transfer of business, which took
place under a law of last session, to a new depart-
ment and bureau, which transfer has been made the
pretext for employing a very large number of ad-
ditional clerks. 1 really think there must be some-
thing in the atmosphere, some epidemic leading to
an increase of clerks. The whole matter demands
scrutiny, and before action should be examined
into, in nothing have the operations of the Gov-
ernment been less equal than m the salaries and the
employment of clerks; and m no department has
the number been so large, and the salaries so libe-
ral, as m the Post Office Department. The older
bureaus and offices of the Government were estab-
lished under a much more economical mode of pro-
ceeding. They had low salaries establi&hed, but
this department, being one of modern organiza-
tion, has established salaries according to modern
notions; according to the notions which existed at
the time it was created; 1 think the whole sub-
ject requires revision; and I attempted to bring
the whole subject before the Senate at the last ses-
sion. I think that the salaries in public offices
should be graduated according to the value of the
services rendered. They should be in propor-
tion to the amount of duty peiformed. I do not
understand this as coming from the commit-
tee.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir, the committee author-
ized the report upon which this proposition was
founded.
Mr. DAVIS. That certainly gives it a claim to
consideration. I should like very much to accord
with the Senator from Texas on this subject, for
he is generally right. But I think we ate called
upon to scrutinize this matter before we agree to
this increase in the number of clerks, which is
not justified by any existing provision of law. [
The matter should have a thorough investigation
before we legislate upon it.
Mr. RUSK. 1 dislike very much to consume
the time of the Senate, but the honorable Senator
from Mississippi has certainly not comprehended
my remark when I stated the fact that upon this
subject I had gone into a thorough investigation;
that I had had an interview with the Postmaster
General, and that I had his letter, and also the
letter of the Assistant Postmaster General, and
that of the Chief Clerk of the department, all con-
curring in the recommendation for the appoint-
ment of. the additional number of clerks which is
heie proposed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I did not mistake
the honorable Senator's position. I understood
him, that it was not his own suggestion, but that
of the Postmaster General; and I will go further,
and say that I feared it was rather the goodness
of his heart than any other cause which led him
to adopt the suggestion.
Mr. RUSK. I did not stop there, for I went
into a minute examination of the whole affair.
I have a letter from the Postmaster General and
his assistant, and I have conversed personally with
many of the officers of the department who are
well acquainted with its wants. I would say, I
was rather more particular to satisfy myself, be-
cause this $16,000 goes to a department which I
voted against.
Mr. DAVIS. I voted for it, but I voted for it
under a law; and I am now trying to bring it back
to the law for which I voted.
Mr. RUSK. Perhaps I was wrong and the
Senator from Mississippi right in that, but I hope
he will not charge it as a sin against the Committee
on the Post Office.
Mr. DAVIS. Not at all. I have not done so.
Mr. RUSK. I have examined the law of 1836—
the law under which the Post Office Department
was established; at that time we had about ten
thousand post offices in the United States. There
aie now upwards of seventeen thousand. This
amount will be increased shortly to a thousand
more; so that when we take into consideration the
very considerable amount of business which has
devolved upon the General Post Office here, and
also,, as has been stated by the Senator from
Maryland, resulting from the postal arrangement
with Great Britain, it is important that this ad-
dition should be made. We are expending some
$4,000,000 or $5,000,000 annually in carrying on
the business of this department, and it really ap-
pears that its business should not be obstructed
for the want of the small appropriation of thirty
or forty thousand dollars which is here asked for,
and which is absolutely necessary for carrying on
the business of the department properly.
Mr. BRADBURY. Will the Senator from
Texas inform me in what branch of the Post
Office Department these clerks are wanted ?
Mr. RUSK. I did not examine into that mat-
ter very fully. There aie some wanting in the
Auditor's department, however.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Senator from Texas
has informed me, that there is a necessity for
clerks in the Auditor's office; and I think it is
probable that two or three clerks may be wanted
there. Sir, there is one fact of which I am as-
sured, in relation to this matter; which is, that,
under the Auditor who last held that office, the
business was brought up entirely and perfectly. I
think it likely some additional clerks are wanted
for the Post Office Department, and I am willing that
a sufficient number shall be added; but all must
be aware of one fact, that when we once make an
addition of permanent clerks, we can never retrace
our steps; and those clerks become permanent
clerks in that department. I think, too, that the
number asked for is loo large; and that, under the
circumstances, Congress should be informed, either
by the Postmaster General, or the committee hav-
ing charge of the subject, for what branch of the
j service those clerks are needed. I hope we shall
l pause before we fix this permanent matter of twen-
j ty additional clerks; and, instead of having that
j numbei, that we make provision for temporary
' clerks, until we can asceitain how many are actu-
ally necessary. I protest against this mode of
legislation, by which we are called upon to legis-
late in the dark on this subject, without know-
ing how many are actually wanted in the depart-
ment. I do not know but that it is perfectly
useless to say a word against any expenditure of
