1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept.. 16,
souri [Mr. Benton] is right when he contends
that questions of great public importance should
be separately considered. But the discussion of
these questions was brought about by extraordin-
ary circumstances. A case of the kind had never
existed before, and I trust in heaven may never
exist again; and I am perfectly satisfied that, un-
der the* peculiar circumstances of the case, it was
most judicious that these measures should have
been combined in the discussion as they were. I
do not regret that they were separated, after they
had "been fully matured in the public-mind and be-
fore Congress in a combined form. But what is
the true history of the matter? After they were
separated some of them were again combined in
the other House before they were passed, after
being once or twice lost in a separated form, and
they were those on which the most severe criti-
cisms had been pronounced because they were to-
gether. Although, therefore, neither policy fully
prevailed, in my judgment it could not be said
with justice that these measures would have passed
as early and as satisfactorily, if at all, if they had
been separately discussed. Experience, so far at
least as concerns the New Mexico and the Texas
boundary bills, has practically vindicated the pol-
icy of the Committee of Thirteen. And what has
been the action of the Senate? When separated
the bills were lost in the House. Associated they
passed. Thus associated they were returned here,
and the vote of the Senate concurring in the com-
bination was thirty-one to ten.
But let this not now be a subject of controversy,
but of congratulation; and so far from wishing to
revive feelings on the subject, let us rather con-
gratulate the country that they have been passed
in any form, and that justice has been done, so far
as these measures could do it, to every section of
the Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not deem it very profit-
able now to stop to inquire whether it would have
been better to have passed the several bills jointly
or separately; the important point was to secure
•their passage. The particular form of the pro-
ceeding was a matter of small moment. I sup-
ported them all as a joint measure, and when they
failed I supported each as a separate measure. I
had no idea of losing the great measures which
my judgment approved, and upon which 1 believed
the peace and quiet of the country depended, by a
petty quarrel as to the mode in which the^ thing
should be done. The Committee on Territories
hesitated long and deliberated well whether we
should report the measures in separate bills or com-
bine them all in one, when we first brought them
before the Senate. I prepared the bills for Cali-
fornia, Utah, New Mexico, and the Texas bound-
ary separately, and laid them before the committee
in that shape, with the view of taking the judg-
ment of the committee whether they should be
joined together or kept separate. The decision of
that point involved no principle; it was purely a
matter of policy. We came to the conclusion that
it was expedient to pass California separately, and
to unite the governments for Utah and New Mexi-
po with the Texas boundary in one bill, and ac-
cordingly I reported them from the Committee on
Territories in that shape. When the Committee
of Thirteen subsequently united these two bills in
one, and recommended their passage in that form,
I gave them my cordial support, I could see no
reason why I should oppose my own bills merely
because they had been united together. My object
was to settle the controversy, and to restore peace
and quiet to the country, and I was willing to
adopt any mode of proceeding and to follow any
gentleman's lead which could bring us to that de-
sirable result. When the the omnibus was defeated,
I fell back upon my own separate bills, which,
fortunately fof the country, received the sanction
of the two Houses of Congress, and became the
laws of the land. California, Utah, New Mexico,
the fugitive slave bill, and the bill for the aboli-
tion of the slave trade in the District, each passed
the Senate as separate measures. In the House,
New Mexico was joined to the Texan boundary
and both passed as one bill. Thus it will be seen
that neither plan has entirely succeeded. No man
and no party has acquired a triumph, except the
party friendly to the Union triumphing over abo-
litionism and disunion. The measures are right
in themselves, and collectively constitute one grand
scheme of conciliatiori and adjustment. They
were all necessary to the attainment of this end.
The success of a portion of them only would not
have accomplished the object; but all together
constitute afairandhonorab'leadjustment. Neither
section has triumphed over the other. The North
has not surrendered to the South, nor has the
South made any humiliating concessions to the
North. Each section has maintained its honorand
its rights, and both have met on the common ground
of justice and compromise. It will always be a
source of gratification and just pride to me that I
had the opportunity of acting an humble part in
the enactment of all these great measures, which
have removed all causes of sectional discontent,
and again united us together as one people.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Whilst gentlemen
are dividing the honors that result from the passage
of these bills, either in a joint or separate form, I
have only to say that, so far as I am concerned
they are welcome to the whole, I do not represent
that public opinion which required the passage of
them, either jointly or separately.
If any man has a right to be proud of the success
of these measures, it is the Senator from iy^nois,
[Mr. Douglas.] They were brought before the
Senate by the Committee on Territories^ and this
Committee of Thirteen, which it is claimed has
done so much for the honor of the Senate and the
peace of the country, merely stuck together the
work of other men, save and except the little bill
to suppress the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia. I merely wish to say that, so far as the public
opinion of the community which I represent has
been shadowed forth in public meetings, and in the
public press, it has been wholly adverse to tliegreat
body of these measures. I voted for one—that
which the Senator from Virginia originated, and
which was modified in the Senate till I thought, as
far as we could make it so, it became efficient for
the protection of our rights. That was the only
one which met my approval.
Mr. FOOTE. I will detain the Senate but a
moment longer. I was not one of the Committee
of Thirteen, but I was one who most cordially ap-
plauded their labors; and I think they did a great
deal. Certain it is that these bills were reported
by the Committee on Territories; butit is equally
certain—and I believe I may say that without
egotism—that the report of the Committee on Ter-
ritories was based upon bills introduced by myself.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (in his seat.) Oh,
yes, I am willing tg give you all the credit for that.
Mr. FOOTE. But the fact is, the labors of the
committee were independent of all that. The
committee was raised for the consideration of the
whole subject of slavery, at least for the purpose
of taking into consideration the questions growing
out of slavery. They modified some measures
that had been originated by other committees,
and originated others, and matured a new sys-
tem a system of pacification and adjustment,
which has now become part of the law of
the land, with the exception of the present bill;
and they brought it in, incurring all the responsi-
bility of reporting it, and stood by it with a manly
resolution and persevering energy which finally
triumphed over all obstacles. Although these bills
did pass separately, I maintain, and shall ever
maintain, that but for the fact of their bemg com-
bined by the committee originally, and being
blended here in discussion, and being united in the
public mind; but for there having been a general
understanding in both Houses of Congress, at the
time of the passage of these bills, that each of them
should pass as a part of a scheme of adjustment,
most of them never would have passed m any
form. Therefore it is that I say that the labors of
the Committee of Thirteen were not small—they
were not light—they were not inconsiderable.
They were great and arduous labors, involving
high and fearful responsibility, calling for the
greatest abilities, the most noble moral qualities,
and resulting in such consequences as will cause
the friends of freedom to rejoice, in all countries,
now and forever. So much for the committee.
Now 1 feel bound to say, in reply to my col-
league, that I differ with him much upon a cer-
tain delicate point which he has brought to our
notice this morning. We differ, sir, now, as we
always differ—as friends; and whatever difference
of opinion may exist between us, I take pleas-
ure in uniformly referring to him as a gentleman
whose motives are as good as my own, though
his judgment with regard to certain measures is
not in accordance with mine. He has concluded
by saying that he does not represent that public
opinion which is in accordance with this plan of
adjustment. Iam gratified at having it in my
power to say that 1 do represent that precise Mate
of public opinion which he repudiates. _ I feel
bound to say, in addition, (and I say it with _r y
hand on my heart, and with a solemn determina-
tion to tell the truth about this matter, as 1 under-
stand and believe it,) that my opinion i3 that nine-
tenths of the enlightened freemen of the State of
Mississippi are now, and have been all along, cor-
dially in favor of this much-abused plan of adjust-
ment; and I predict that they will deliberately and
formally sanction hereafter all that the committee
have done. I believe they will delare their appro-
bation of all the labors of the committee, and
avow their concurrence in all that I have done and
said at any time, as one of their Senatorial repre-
sentatives. Such is my opinion. My colleague
entertains a different opinion. We shall soon be
at home among our constituents, where we shall
confer together as friends, and where we shall con-
sult our mutual constituents also as .friends. I
go for consulting them, and if they decide against
me, I shall be no longer an occupant of a seat in
this body.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I rise to inquire
what is the question before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT. It is on the passage of
the bill "to suppress the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
Mr. HALE. I thought it was who should have
the most glory for defeating the " compromise
bill." [Laughter.] I had something to say on
that subject. I wish to say nothing on this.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
I have heretofore declined to state by vulgar frac-
tions the opinions of the State I represent. 1 do
not intend to do so now. 1 have heretofore stated
that 1 believed 1 represented" the opinions of my
constituents in opposing these measures. I am
firm in that belief. But I do not intend to argue
with my colleague about his opinions. I am well
assured that he will find no nine-tenths in any one
county, still less in the State of Mississippi, favor-
ing his course on these measures. The language
expressed by my colleague here on other occa-
sions excited surprise in Mississippi, and has
been remarked upon in the public press. I know
of no community in Mississippi, not a single town
or county, where I believe he can find a majority
in favor of all these measures—and nine-tenths is
such a majority as scarcely leaves a show of oppo-
sition. That nine-tenths'of the people of the State
are in favor of a system of measures which nearly
every prominent man in the State has condemned,
is an assertion which marks clearly how far the
warm impulses of the gentleman, when pursuing
any measure to which he attaches himself, will lead
him from the calmer conclusions of his maturer
judgment.
As to the opinions of my colleague, I know him
too well to doubt that he says what he thinks. I
know him well enough-to be assured that his ex-
citability has led him into an error in relation to
this matter. When he .and I visit our constitu-
ents, at the short period to which he refers, he
will find what the public opinion is.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, a single word.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the ne-
cessity of stopping this course of debate. It is not at
all relevant to the question under consideration.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 hope the Chair will bear with
me while I make a single remark. I am perfectly'
willing to abide by the decision to which my col-
league refers. And I am willing to leave it to
the Senate, and to the country to decide whether
he or I am the more " excitable" man of the two.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, and they were ordered, and
were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Cass, Chase'
Clarke, Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton,
Dickinson Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Ewmg Feleli, Fremont, Greene, Gwin. Hale, Hamlm,
Houston, Jones, Norris, Seward, Shields, Spruance, Stur-
geon, Underwood, Wales, Walker, Wlntcomb, and "VVin-
''"naYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Uutler, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Hunter,
King, Mangum, Mason, Morton, Pratt, Sebastian, SouU,
Turney, and Yulee—19.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The bill to provide for a deficiency in the pay
and mileage of members of Congress for the pres-
