GLOBE.
'*SKl
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SES5EQ
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1850.
New Series,.
£
h
money; fori have seldom or never Seen an instance
of an attempt to limit expenditure, that has proved
to be successful, i almost despair of the success
of any attempt to stay this spirit of extravagance;
but it does appear to me, notwithstanding the re-
marks of the Senator from Texas, that mail facili-
ties are not so extensive as they ought to be in his
iart of the country—that the addition of clerks
lere asked for will not carry a mail to a single
city, town, or village. I do not think, sir, that
the large number of clerks here asked for, is re-
quired permanently. I will, therefore, move that
the word " temporary'1 precede the word u clerks."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am prepared to vote for a
bill providing for the increase of the number of
clerks in the Post Office Department, but it seems
to me to be unreasonable and unnecessary to add
such a large number to those already in that office,
if I recollect right, there are some forty odd clerics
now in that department of the Post Office, and it is"
proposed to add some twenty or twenty-two more
to that number. The business of the department
was kept up, under the last Administration, with
the regular number of clerks; the same number of
clerks that were employed when the post offices
numbered ten thousand being employed when they
amounted to seventeen thousand. Ail you require
is to have this force kept active. The Senator
from Texas is mistaken in supposing that this bill
will add clerks to the Auditor's office—it provides
additional clerks to the Post Office Department.
The Auditor's office, as I understand it, is a branch
of the Treasury Department, and in the appoint-
ment of clerks to that office they are nominated by
the Auditor and confirmed by the Secretary of the
Treasury. It will not relieve the Auditor's office
—not at all. It is but an addition of twenty-two
clerks to the Post Office Department proper,
doubling the number of clerks employed in that
office at once, without any reason assigned for it,
except the general statement that there are not
enough. I think, therefore, that we had better
authorize a corps of temporary clerks, in order to
bring up the work, and then inquire as to the addi-
tional number necessary to be permanently em-
ployed.
Mr. MANGrUM. I am not disposed to make
objection to a proposition o6 this kind without
knowing whether the addition is really required or
not; arid I am glad to find that there is a gentleman
who has taken the trouble to make the investiga-
tion. The Post Office Department contains forty-
five or forty-seven clerks; and it has stood upon
that footing for the last twelve years. I believe I
have had more intercourse with that department
than any other, and the Senator fiom Texas is
perfectly correct in his statement that the clerks in
that department perform a greater amount of labor,
for the pay that they receive, than the cierks in any
other department. The employment of temporary
clerks, as Senators must know, is the most in-
efficient and expensive mode of conducting the
business of -uiy department. Men come in tem-
porarily, and do as little labor as they possibly
can, and perform it in the most inefficient manner,
whereas those who are permanently employed
become efficient and serviceable cierks. i must
protest against the arguments and objections that
are used by gentlemen on the other side. It seems
to me, and I say it with great deference, that .they
do great injustice to the gentleman who is at the
head of the Post Office Committee, who has taken
the trouble to investigate the subject.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am not in favor of putting
a number of additional clerks into this bill; but,
as the matter is under discussion, and as I have
had occasion to pay some attention to it, I wish
to make a remaik or two. We shall have to vote
these additional clerks. A great many of them,
perhaps all, have been employed during the recess;
there is compensation asked, and the House of
Representatives has appropriated $11,972 82 for
clerks employeddunngtherecess upon the cuirent
business of the office. I have no doubt, from all
that I can-learn, that these clerks were necessary.
I have received information upon the subject from
a gentleman who was formerly connected with the
47
department—an efficient officer, and one who was
removed by the present Administration—and he
says that he has no doubt these clerks are neces-
sary. I have no doubt myself that many of them
are made necessary by the large number of ap-
pointments and removals; but that is a matter be-
tween the department and the public, not between
Congress arid them.
Mr. MANGUM. There have been very few
removals in that department.
Mr. DICKINSON". X apprehend that there
have been a good many; but that is a matter be-
tween the department and the public, and not be-
tween Congress and the department. And here
I repeat what I said before, that I intend to let
these departments take their course as regards the
public business, and as long as they keep within
any kind of reasonable bounds, give them all the
facilities they ask to enable them to carry on the
public business, and get along in their own way.
I suppose myself that those clerks who were em-
ployed, were employed without the authority of
law—and additional clerks are employed every
year without the authority of law—because the
moment that a department finds that it cannot get
along with the public business, it always has, and
always will; and if I was at the head of a depart-
ment I would do it myself—employ extra clerks;
but, as I was saying, I do not suppose that they
have employed these clerks with the greatest
judgment; they might, perhaps, have got along
with less, although I am not acquainted with the
particulars; but I will let them have all they ask,
and hold them responsible, or let the public hold
them responsible, for it. It has been usual for
the departments, when they find that they cannot
get along with the current business, to employ
clerks, and submit it to Congress, and it has been
usual for Congress to sanction it; and if Congress
sanctions an abuse of this sort, I shall never raise
my voice against it. It is not strictly an abuse
when kept within due limits. The increase of the
public business may render it necessary for the
heads of departments to adopt this course in or-
der to carry on the public business, and Congress
•has been in the habit of sanctioning it and making
the appropriations. On the'sixth page of the de-
ficiency bill gentlemen will find an appropriation
of the sum of $11,972 82 for clerks employed in
the Post Office Department for the current busi-
ness during the past summer. The head of the
department asks for these clerks to be continued.
I do not know the number, but this is the appro-
priation; and I understand, from sources that are
sufficient authority to me, that, on the whole, the
course pursued by that department was a just and
proper one. and therefore I shall vote to sanction
it. I would have preferred that it should have
come in in the general appropriation bill; but it is
a small matter to struggle over, and I, for one,
will never strain over the gnat when we are con-
stantly swallowing the camel.
Mr. HAMLfN. As I am to vote upon the
amendment offered by the Senator from Texas, I
wish to state very briefly some facts which are
within my knowledge, and which will influence
very much my vote. I have had occasion to visit
the Post Office Department during the present ses-
sion, to make application to the dead-letter depart-
ment, and 1 have learned some facts there whtch
convince me beyond all doubt that there is a neces-
sity for an additional force, and a necessity which
will command my vote. I think I am right in
saying that. I learn one fact in regard to letters
returned there, with money or with valuable papers
in them, belonging to persons who have mailed
them, and which have not been received by the
persons to whom they were addressed. I believe
these communications, before being returned to
the persons to whom they belong, under the pre-
sent arrangement and with the present force, are
retained fully six months. Well now, sir, this is
wrong. It is certainly wrong that the Department
here should detain funds in their hands belonging
to individuals for that length of time; and yet they
are compelled to retain them, for no other earthly
reason than that they have not got a force here to
open them. $Tuch of the money which is irfltfs-
mitted through the mall m this country,''is trans*
mined by foreigners—by persons who arrive here
from foreign countries, and wh<? are, tp, a <&rta!ft
extent itinerants. They have no fixed1 location,
and in a great many instances of letters of -this
character, where the person sending it has removed
from the place where the letter was originally
mailed, the department is utterly unable, after the
six months have expired, to find the individual,
and the money remains here and goes into a fund,
to be repaid whenever the owner shall be founds
I learn the fact that many cases of this descrip-
tion arise, and arise in consequence of the delay
occasioned by the inability of the department
to transmit the communications to the f ost*
office from which they were originally mailed.
Well, sir, I have another reason. I have con-
ferred with gentlemen* who have been connected
with that department, and with persons who ar&
now connected with it, men in whom I have^tfefe
utmost confidence, men whom 1 have knosfrri long,
and who, if it would add any weight to their,tes-
timony, I wil^addjare my political fHend6 and
associates; and 1 have the utmost confidence in
what they have told me, as to the necessity of aa
additional number of clerks, because I know that
they understand the details of their business and
are entitled to confidence from their moral worth,
and from the knowledge which they possess in re-
lation to this matter. Now, sir, from these facts,
which 1 have become possessed of, I come to the
conclusion that we owe it to ourselves and to the
Government to give them an additional force, in
order that they may discharge their duties more
promptly. It may be, and 1 think there is, some-
thing in the suggestion which fell from the Senator
from New York, that the necessity for these clerks
may have been in part caused by the change of
officers. Of that I make no complaint; it is a mat-
ter which they are to settle elsewhere than here;
but from the facts to which I have alluded, and m
which 1 have full confidence, I shall vote to in-
crease the force in that department. What may
be the necessity in other bureaus, 1 do not so well
know. I would have been very glad to have heard
from the gentleman who offered the amendment,
something more of the details. If anything less
than the number named would answer the ptirposs;
I would prefer it; if nothing less than tftkfc number
will answer the purpose, ! shall vote for it; but let
us understand what are the wants of the different
bureaus. I have endeavored to communicate-to
the Senate the information 1 have received relative
to one of the bureaus. 1 have also stated what
information has been communicated to me by gen*
tlemen competent to judge, and on these facts fam
well satisfied that there is a necessity for an in-
creased number of clerks. I should like to^learti
something relative to the other bureaus, and I am
willing to vote all that is necessary.
Mr. RUSK. I will give the gentleman the in-
formation he requires. Six additional clerks are
wanted in the appointment office, eight in the in-
spection office, six in the contract office, and two
in the fiscal office. Now, I have but one more
word to say, and that is, that when the present
number of forty-nine clerks was given to the de-
partment, there were ten thousand "post office?;. .
there are now seventeen thousand offices. The
additional labor thrown upon the department^by
the postal arrangement with England and £«ew
Granada, and the additional postal arrangements
which are necessary and proper to be made, at|d
which the inteiests of the country require should
be made, will increase the number to about twenty
thousand offices. Now, if forty-nine clerks were
necessary to conduct the business of ten thousand,
it seems to me no very great extravagance m hav-
ing twenty-two more clerks for the additionalten
thousand.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have an amendment to
propose to that offered by the Senator from Texas,
which gives the precise number and employment
of the clerks; and specifies their pay. I propose,
instead of this amendment of the Senator from
Texas, to authorize the Postmaster General to
