738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
employ such temporary clerks as maybe necessary,
and to appropriate the sum of #24,000 for the pay,
mentof them; appropriating precisely the identical
sum proposed by the Senator from Texas, but
leaving the' responsibility upon the Postmaster
General to employ no more than are necessary. 1
move to strike out all after the word " employ,"
and to insert " such temporary clerks as may be
necessary, and the sum of $24,000 for the payment
thereof.",
Mr. RUSK. I think it would be better to leave
it as I have put it; the Postmaster General can
distribute the offices as he thinks best; he is not
confined to any particular salary.
Now, sir, I know from my intercourse with
the officers here, that there, are some clerks re-
ceiving $2,000 not doing half as much work a3
some who are receiving a salary of $900. It is
best to throw the whole matter into the hands of
the Postmaster General, and leave him independ-
ent,' to arrange it in such a manner as he thinks
will best promote the public interest.
Mr. KING. I have no wish to detain the Sen-
ate much longer, but really the Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] seems to come to the
conclusion in his own mind that we were discuss-
ing a subject which we knew nothing about, and
I listened to him with some attention, hoping that
he was about to give us some information, but
unfortunately he concluded without giving us any
information as to the necessity of these additional
clerks. Now, I wish it to be distinctly understood
that I am myself in favor of making any appro-
priation that may be necessary, so as to enable the
departments to proceed with the public business
properly. If the idea was entertained, because I
suggested the propriety of changing the mode, that
1 was opposed to giving the necessary aid to this
department, or to any other, to enable them prop-
erly to carry on the business of the country, I was
entirely misunderstood. AH that I wished was
this: that, as we had no particular information
that could enable us to judge for ourselves how
many permanent clerks were needed, it would be
best to give the Postmaster General authority to
select as many persons competent to do the work
as he thought necessary to fill the deficiency, until
Congress should take the matter up in regular
order, and determine in regard to the number of
permanent clerks to be employed in each of the
departments.
The number, I suppose, will have to be in-
creased. There is an appropriation in this bill for
clerks in the office of the Secretary of the Interior;
those clerks were employed without the authority
of law, but they were perhaps necessary, and I
will not myself oppose giving any aid to the Gov-
ernment to enable them to carry on the public
business, and to carry it on successfully, by giving
them all the labor necessary; and, even if they go
a little beyond the law when necessary for the
public business, I shall not myself very strongly
object to it; though I would much rather in general
that our public officers should keep within the
law, and not go beyond it, for fear inconvenience
should result. What I desire is, that you should
appropriate the precise amount. It would subject
the Postmaster General to temptation if he could
employ fifty clerks, some of whom, as the Senator
from Texas says, receiving $900 would do more
work than others receiving $2,000. I believe this
to be the case; there can be no doubt aboutit. He
can employ a greater number of clerks by the
amendment, and do the work much more rapidly
by employing clerks at $900; and it is his interest
as a public officer, the interest of his department,
to employ as many as he can. His object, for the
sake of his own reputation as a public officer, is to
get the work done as speedily as possible, and
leave nothing undone or behindhand. I would
greatly prefer for the present that a precise sum
should be appropriated, leaving it to the Postmaster
General to apportion as he thinks best. I feel
confident that he will use it properly. I think him
a very able man, from the intercourse I have had
with him, and I should be willing to give him
whatever may be necessary to carry on the busi-
ness of his department.
Mr. RUSK. I have but one word to say.
Mr. MANGUM. I trust the Senator will suffer
We to say a few words.
Mr. RUSK yielded the floor.
Mr. MANGUM. I desire to inform the Sena-
tor from Alabama that he entirely misconceived
the purpose for which I rose. Why my very
forte consists in my modest and just appreciation
of ray ignorance of the public service, and for that
reason I speak very seldom. But the thing that
moved me was, to perceive the utter obtuseness of
certain gentlemen, in misunderstanding what ap-
peared to me to be one of the clearest, most practi-
cal, and business-like statements I have heard for
some time. I mean that made by the Senator
from Texas; and I did remark that I thought it the
easiest thing in the world to raise an objection to
any proposition, whether you understand it or
not; feeling a perfect consciousness that I knew
nothing about the matter myself, but having per-
ception enough perfectly to understand the clear,
business-like, appropriate, and sensible statement
of the Senator from Texas, who had examined
the subject, and seems to understand it perfectly.
I was struck by the force of his reasons and hi3
statement, and was only surprised that other gen-'
tlemen did not understand it also. I repeat, sir,
that I speak more seldom than other members,
because 1 understand myself, and do not follow
the policy of some other gentlemen who occupy a
good deal of time which might be much better em-
ployed otherwise.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to suggest to the Sena-
tor from Texas that there is already an appropria-
tion for all the deficiencies for which the Postmas-
ter General has made application for appropria-
tions. So far as the deficiency bill is concerned,
we have already appropriated all that he asked
for. I would suggest to him that a general ap-
propriation would come better in the general
appropriation bill, and he would by that means
leave us time to examine into the subject. It is
possible, nay probable that we shall concur with
him, and 1 submit that it would be better to post-
pone this motion until the general appropriation
bill comes up for consideration. The appropria-
tion already made in this deficiency bill, is, I
understand, all that he has asked for, and all that
is necessary to enable him to pay the additional
temporary clerks that he has found it necessary
to employ.
Mr. RUSK. I thought I had very distinctly
stated the reasons why I brought this matter for-
ward at this time. The deficiency appropriation,
which the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Hun-
ter] alludes to, is for work and labor which has
been already performed.
A Senator. Oh no. Up to the 30th of June.
Mr. RUSK. That appropriation is for work
already performed.
Mr. HUNTER. No. This is the estimate of
the expense of these clerks up to the 30th of June
next.
Mr. RUSK. The reason why I brought it for-
ward 1 have already stated. 1 will state it again.
It is, that there is no telling when, if ever, we shall
be able to get at the appropriation bill; but it is
absolutely necessary that this matter should be
settled now, because there are postal arrangements
pending with other countries, as I have already
stated, which I have been informed by the honor-
able Secretary of State and the Postmaster Gener-
al cannot be entered into till they know whether
they can have labor in the office sufficient to perform
the duties that would be devolved on them. Well,
sir, although this appropriation goes as far as the
30th June, no difficulty can arise from it, because if
the Postmaster General gets permanent clerks suffi-
cient to discharge the duties of the office, of course
he will not need to use the additional appropriaion
of §10,000; and in matters of this sort it is better
we should not go from hand to mouth; provide
for a month to come, and then leave the business
of the country to be neglected. It is better far that
it should be placed upon a proper and permanent
footing at once. I regret that I have not been able
to convince my friend from Alabama [Mr. King]
that these things are absolutely necessary. I have
said that we have the statement of the Postmaster
General himself that these clerks are necessary;
that we have the statement of the Assistant Post-
master General; and my own opinion is—and
having devoted some labor to the subject I have a
little pride of opinion—that they are absolutely
necessary. I am certified in that opinion by the
head of the department, by the assistant, whom
I know to be a very valuable and useful officer,
and by those who have served in the department;
for I derive a considerable portion of my informa-
tion from a member of the other House who was
formerly in the department. I think that under
these circumstances I am justified in saying that it
is necessary.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to set the Senate right,
by saying that if we do not make this appropria-
tion now, we shall on the 30th of June be called
on to supply a similar deficiency. It cannot be
hoped that the general appropriation bill, or the
bill for the Post Office Department, will pass by
the 30th of June; and as there is a deficiency now?
caused by the temporary employment of persons
necessary to do the writing required by the de-
partment, so there will be a similar deficiency on
the 30th of "June. But I rise simply to say, in
reply to the Senator from Alabama, that we have
not been left without specific information on the
subject. If gentlemen will take the trouble to
look at the report of the Postmaster General, and
the accompanying documents, they will find ample
details and comparisons; the Postmaster General
has stated in general terms:
"In 1837 the number of post offices was 11,767; now
17,164—417 having been established since June last.
Number of dead letters in 1837, 900,000. Now 2,100,000.
Number of quarterly returns in 1837,48,000. Now 73,000-.
Number of mail contractors jn 1837,1.682. Now 4,190.
Length of routes in 1837, 141,242 miles. Now 167,705.
Annual mail transportation rn 1837,32,597,006 miles. Now
42,544,069.
The number of communications now received in the de-
partment is 370,000 annually.
Now the Auditor of the Post Office has sub-
mitted a report accompanying the Postmaster
General's report. I understood the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Bradbury,] who spoke first, to say
that this auditor had left his department with all
arrears brought up, and that there was no neces-
sity for an increase of clerks in that office.
Mr. BRADBURY. I said scarcely any. I be-
lieve there ought to be a small number of clerks
added.
Mr. PEARCE. Here is his report, in which
he says, speaking of the clerks in his office:
"Their number is not greater now than it was in J841.
In the eight years that have intervened, the business of
every kind has greatly increased, and notwithstanding ex-
pedients to lighten and facilitate their labors, it had at the
close of the year attained the full measure ot their utmost
capacity and exertion. Of course an immediate augmenta-
tion of the force is indispensable.1'
I understand that a communication from the
present head of that bureau has been addressed to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means in the other House, in which this fact is
again stated; this communication wasnot, however,
before the Finance Committee.
I find in the report of the First Assistant Post-
master General, that he estimates specifically for
an increased number of clerks; be says, for ex-
ample:
" Long since the assignment of the present number of
clerks to the office under charge of the undersigned, (the
contract bureau,) our mail arrangements have been largely
extended by the annexation of Texas, the opening of she
new Territory of Minnesota, and the occupation of Califor-
nia and Oregon, and its correspondence is much increased
by the foreign mails. In reference to these matters it would
be proper to employ two clerks."
Well, then, he says that—
"The foreign mail service has cast a new duty on the
dead-letter office. Not the valuable letters only, but every
unpaid letter coming to us through the British and German
mails, that is sent to the dead-letter office, must be returned
With a claim for ciedit of the foreign share of the postage,
and charged against our department. Otherwise a loss is
sustained. Two new clerks, familiar with the continental
languages of Europe, at least the French and German,
should be provided for tins duty, and probably one or two
others."
" The demand for more clerks is greater in the inspection
office, where the want of the requisite lorce must be most
apparent to the Postmaster General."
. And then he says in another place—
"I am satisfied that within several years past the clerks
in that office have heen too few, by the number of two, to
perlorm the duties contemplated hy the act of 1836, and I
inn convinced that, in view ot the present slate of things, at
lea-t five additional clerk*, nearly double the present lurce.
wtll be needed m that office."
There is an increase of eleven specified in the
report which I have read. I understand that a
very considerable increase is required in the Audit-
or's office, which is a branch of the Post Office
Department, notwithstanding that the Auditor re-
fers his accounts for settlement to the Treasury
Department, in order to make him independent of
the Post Office Department. In every other re-
spect he is the same.
Mr. BRADBURY. I did not exactly hear the
honorable Senator from Maryland. Did 1 under-
stand that the honorable Senator stated what num-
