1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sepftfif
Mr. BINGHAM said, if it was the sense of the
House that the bill go to the Committee on Public
Lands, he would acquiesce in that disposition of
it, but he saw no reason for it. These claims
ought to have been settled long since, and this bill
merely provided for the taking the necessary steps
for an adjustment of those claims.
Mr. BTJEL appealed to his colleague to yield
the floor to allow him to say a few words.
Mr. BINGHAM yielded.
Mr. BUEL hoped the House would give its at-
tention to the reading of the bill, in the full belief
that it would then consent to its being put upon its
passage, without a reference to the Committee on
Public Lands. As he understood the bill, it sim-
ply provides, in substance, for the establishment
of a commissioner to settle the land-titles at Sault
Ste. Marie. The register and receiver of the land
office at that place are, by the bill, made commis-
sioners, for t(ie purpose of receiving testimony
concerning the land claims of that place, and ma-
king report thereon. It is in this, or a similar
way, that the land-titles of the early settlements
of the West have been usually adjusted. They
were adjusted in this way in the neighborhood of
Detroit, St. Louis, and other important early-set-
tled places.
It will be recollected, that the village of Sault
Ste. Marie was settled at an early period in the his-
tory of the country. Its population has for many
years numbered several hundred, yet there is not
a legal title, I believe, to a foot of land there. Ti-
tles exist only by possession, and are so transmit-
ted, and'have so existed for more than a genera-
tion., The uncertainty, therefore, hanging over
these titles, imposes upon the occupants great
hardships, and frequently loss in transmitting or
assigning them. It has been the custom of this
Government in such cases, first to ascertain by
commissioners their possessory and equitable
titles, and then to confirm them according to the
justice and equity of the case. The citizens of
Sault Ste. Marie have been petitioning for years for
the passage of a bill to adjust and confirm their
titles, and it is due to their patience, and their mer-
itorious service in the early occupation and settle-
ment of the country, that justice should not longer
be delayed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, withdrew his motion
to refer the bill.
Mr. MILLER renewed it,
And the question being first on the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands,
The reading of the bill was called for.
The Clerk commenced the reading, but before
he had proceeded far—
Mr. BINGHAM interposed and said, rather
than detain the House with the reading he would
consent that the bill be referred.
No objection being made,
The bill was accordingly referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
POTOMAC INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill to renew and con-
tinue in force the charter of the Potomac Insurance
Company of Georgetown was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
He said he did so for the purpose of asking the
House to put the bill on its passage. The bill
contained only one brief section, proposing to
renew the charter which was about to expire.
When he made the motion to refer, he did not
know what was the provision of the bill. Upon
examining it since, he found that was all. It was
a matter of importance to the inhabitants of the
District. If it went to the committee, the com-
mittee might not be called again this session, and
the bill would not pass. He moved to reconsider
the vote.
The question was taken and decided in theaffirm-
ative.
So the vote was reconsidered.
And the question recurring, " Shall the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Districtof Colum-
bia?" _ ,
Mr. BROWN withdrew the motion to refer,
and moved that the bill be put upon its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the bill by adding
the following section:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That the stockholders of said
corporation shall be individually liable lor the debts of the
said corporation."
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I rise to oppose
this amendment on this ground: This company
has been in existence some thirty-odd years; there
has been, so far as my connection with the busi-
ness of this District has led me to a knowledge of
its business transactions, no sort of complaint that
it has not paid its losses promptly; and really I
think if the people among whom the company is
located, and whose business it transacts, make no
port of complaint, and ask no restriction of this
kind, it is hardly necessary for the gentleman from
Tennessee to force this restriction upon them. If
it is done, it must result in its total abandonment.
If the House desire to defeat the renewal of the
charter, and to destroy the company, they will
adopt this amendment; if they intend in good faith
to have it go on as it has heretofore done, I hope
they will vote d.own the amendment.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Jones, •
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, called for the
reading of the amendment'.
And it was read.
Mr. ASHE, (to the Speaker.) Is it in order to
move to amend the amendment ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. ASHE. I move to amend the amendment
by adding the words, " to the amount of their
stock."
And the question was stated to be on agreeing
to the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JONES. I hope that the amendment of the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Ashe] will
not prevail, because it will virtually render my
amendment a nullity. I say to the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] that I do not know
whether the people of Georgetown, who are inter-
ested in the bill, desire that the amendment which
I have offered should be added or not. But it is a
condition precedent with me, when I am asked to
give such powers as are conferred upon a corpo-
ration by this bill, that the stockholders shall be
made liable in their individual capacity for the
debts which the corporation, as such, may con-
tract. And 1 ask the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] upon what principle of justice, or
equality, it is, that these parties can come here and
ask that the stockholders shall be exempted from
the debts of the company ? You incorporate these
companies for a number of years, and they de-
claredividends every six months. These dividends
are appropriated to the private benefit of the stock-
holders. When the company has been in exist-
ence for twenty or thirty years, and the stockhold-
ers have drawn out, in dividends, probably three
or five times as much as the amount of their origi-
nal investment in the stock, then the company
fails,and you cannot makeitpay one cent outofits
substance to meet the just debts of the concern. I
can see no objection to the amendment, and I hope
it will be adopted.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I do not desire
to see the time of the House, valuable as it is at
this period of its session, consumed in the discus-
sion of so trivial a matter as this. I therefore
move the previous question.
There was a second.
And the main question was ordered, and, having
been taken,
The amendment of Mr. Ashe to the amend-
ment of Mr. Jones was rejected.
The question recurred upon the amendment of
Mr. Jones, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 78, nays 73; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Bay, Bavly, Bingham, Bissell,
Buel. George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, IV. R. W.
Cobb, Dimmick, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Edmund-
son, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gitmore, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan, Isham G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Thorna- L.ilanis, Htbbard, Iloagland,
Howe, Hubbard, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson^
Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Preston King,
La fere, Leffler, Littlefild, Job Mann, Mason, McClernand,
McDonald, MeKissook, McLanahan, Robert M McLane,
McMullen, McWillie, Meachain, Miller, Morris, Ogie,
Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Robbins, Robinson,
Ross, Savage, Spauidmg, Stetson, Thomas, Jacob Thomp-
son, James Thompson, Waldo, Wentworth, Whittlesey,
Wiidrick, Wood, Wright, and Young—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Ash-
mun, Bokee, Booth, Bowie. Bowlin, Breck, Albert G.
Brown, Burt, Thomas B. Butler, E. Carrington Cabell,
Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Clingman, Cole, Corwin,
Crowell, Deberry, Dickey, Duer, -Duncan, Eliot, Nathan
Evans, Fowler, Preedley, Got!, Gould, Grmaell, Halloway>
Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Hcbard, Henry, Hotladay, Wil-
liam T. Jackson, Kerr, George G. King, James O. King,
John A. King, Horace Mann, Mattcson, McDowell, Mc-
Queen, Moore, Morebead, Nelson, Otis, Phoenix, pitman,
Putnam, Reed, Risley, Rumsey, Sackett, 8eh«nek,-Scher-
merhorn, Seddon, Silvester, Spragtie, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Taylor, Thurman, Tuck, Underhiil,
Watkins, White, and Wiiliams—73.
So the amendment was adopted.
[Mr. Cable,of Ohio, having been outside the
bar when his name was called, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to record his vote.
Objection was made.]
The question recurred and was taken, " Shall
the bill be ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading ?" and was decided in the affirmative.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act to
establish a port of entry at Milwaukee, in the State
of Wisconsin, and for other purposes," coming
up in order, was read a first and second time by
its title, and on the motion of Mr. Grinnell, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
GRANTS OF LAND.
The bill from the Senate entitled " An act grant-
ing to the State of Missouri the right of way, and
a donation of the public land along the route, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from St. Louis
to the western limits of the State of Missouri,
known as the Pacific railroad," having been read
a first and second time—
Mr. BOWLIN moved to put the same on its
passage, and in support of his motion said:
Mr. Speaker, I shall claim the indulgence and
attention of the House for a few moments, and
only for a few moments, while I explain the ob-
jects and vindicate the merits of this bill. But
before I notice the matter of the bill itself, I desire
to invoke the House not to commit it, as that
would be equivalent to a defeat, and under existing
circumstances is wholly unnecessary, as I shall
explain. This bill was introduced both in this
House and in the Senate, and was read twice in
this House, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, who reported it back long since,
with a recommendation that it pass. In the mean
time, before it could be reached on our calendar,
it passed the Senate, and has come to us from that
body, with some slight changes—all being restiic-
tions upon the grant. So that the Committee on
the Public Lands have already investigated all the
principles and the bill itself, and recommended it
to the favorable consideration of the House; and
there could be no motive in referring it back to
that committee, unless it was to defeat the bill;
and if gentlemen are determined to defeat the bill,
I sincerely hope it will be by a direct vote, and not
by any parliamentary evasion of the question. It
is better for the House and for the country that the
sense of this body should be taken directly upon
the question of fostering the policy contemplated
in this bill—of exhancing the value of the public
lands, by encouraging the States in making im-
provements through them. This is peculiarly an
appropriate bill on which to test the sense of the
House, as it combines as many characteristics to
recommend it to favorable consideration as any
measure that could be brought forward. It is
about two hundred and forty miles long—almost
entirely through public lands—central in its loca-
tion in the United.States, and is the first section of
that iron band which is destined, at no distant day,
to stretch one arm to the Atlantic and the other to
the Pacific, and draw the commerce of these two
great oceans through the very heart of the Repub-
lic; so that, besides the requirements of justice to
the State and liberality in the administration of
the land system to recommend it, it possesses as
much of nationality of character as any measure
of the kind that could be brought to the attention
of Congress. I therefore invoke gentlemen not to
rid themselves of this bill by any indirect means,
but to give us a direct vote upon its merits, and
let the people of the new States, whose domain
Congress contfols, understand their true position.
The frame-work of this bill is precisely the same
as that of every other bill coming through the
Senate, the committee there having adopted certain
rules which they apply to every bill of this nature.
It simply proposes to grant to the.State alter-
nate sections of the public land for the width of
six miles, to aid in the; construction of the road;
and as an indemnity to this Government against
any possible loss, it provides that the reserved sec-
