1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tions shall be doubled in price; and where the
lands have been sold or preoccupied under pre-
emption laws, that the State may select other lands
in lieu thereof. But in order still the greater to
secure this Government, they are confined in their
selections to fifteen miles on either side of the
road—a distance in which the value of the public
lands will most certainly be enhanced by the im-
provement. As a further consideration for this
grant, in addition to the increased value of the
public lands, the road is declared a public high-
way to this Government, upon which it can trans-
port troops and property free of toll ^ or charge,
and the mails to be carried upon a limited com-
pensation. This embraces all the principles of the
bill. The rest is mere detail.
The system of granting alternate sections of the
public land, upon the terms contained in this bill,
for purposes of improvement through those public
lands, has pr^ailed for a quarter of a century to
a very limitecTextent; and the only novelty m the
present measures, is in the changed character m
the improvements, from the old road and canal to
the railroad. But even that trifling change, bene-
ficial in its operation as it is, is sufficient to give
a fresh spur to the opponents of every liberal
measure from the new States, by denying the
force of the precedent. The Ohio and Erie canal,
from Lake Erie to the upper Ohio: the Indiana
canal, from Lake Erie to the lower Ohio; and the
Illinois canal, connecting Lake Michigan and the
waters of the Mississippi, are imperishable monu-
ments of the wisdon of this policy of aiding the
new States, out of their lands, without impairing
even the finances of this Government from that
source. About a quarter of a century ago, the
grant was made to Ohio to aid in that great canal,
with the principle of doubling the price on the re-
served sections; and what has been the result? By
a trifling favor which cost you nothing, you gave
an impulse to an enterprise which., resulted in a
work conferring unnumbered blessings upon man-
kind; and one which, in after times, will be a
monument to the glory of this age. And yet it
costlvou nothing—the reserved sections selling for
double the minimum price fixed by law for the sale
of the public lands. Those reserved sections have
been sold, except a little remnant of lands which
will not even bring that price. By this operation
you brought into market and sold lands which,
- without the improvements, might not have been
sold for centuries to come. Upon that miserable
remnant, Ohio is now asking a reduction to the
minimum price of the public lands, and that is
pointed to by the enemies of the new States, as
evidence of a reckless disposition of the people of
the West to plunder the national domain. I hope
no son of Ohio will so far desecrate his State, as to
employ such an argument.
What is said here of Ohio and her canal may
be said also of Indiana and Illinois, except that
they have had less time to. develop the results of
the system. That magnificent canal, uniting Lake
Michigan with the waters of the Mississippi,
through Illinois, is now in full operation, giving
life to commerce along its whole line. It was en-
couraged by this system; and what did it cost this
Government? Nothing, as results demonstrate.
To encourage the enterprise, you granted the
State two hundred and eighty thousand acres ot
land, charging its price to the cjtizens on the re-
served sections, and thereby accomplished sales
that in all probability would never have been made.
Whilst you contributed only an act of courtesy,
in letting them have the use of $350,000 worth of
lands charging it back upon thje citizens, who were
enabled to bear it in consequence of the improve-
ment; what did Illinois contribute to that work
through the public lands ? Over eight millions of
dollars. Your petty grants make no public works;
they at most inspirit a people whose resources are
constantly drained from them through the present
land system, to make a start," and then their re-
sources are drawn upon to complete a work which
is to add millions in value to your great domain.
The amount contemplated in the present bill, it it
were an unconditional grant, would be but a
tithe in the construction of this great road, nearly
every mile of which will pass upon public lands.
But it is no such unconditional grant; it is rather
a mere privilege of enjoying some portion of the
profits from their labor—some portion of the en-
hanced value, which they give to the public do-
main.
Sir, I almost lose my patience, when I hear
gentlemen raving about plundering the public do-
main, in relation to the new States and their con-
templated improvements. They plunder nothing;
they wish to plunder nothing; and have not the
power if they did. I wish to God I could say as
much for the sections from which such sentiments
spring. It is true, you have no domain belonging
to this Government, for you are in the happier
condition of owning your own soil, where you
can make it all contribute to the support of the
State and her public works, but you have the Trea-
sury, and you have the strength to make it groan
beneath your power. Look at your fortification
bill, kept up from year to yeardespite the fact, that
the spirit of the improvement of the age has ren-
dered them useless, for any other purpose than to
squander money along the Atlantic cities to favo-
rites: and talk of public plunder. Look at your
navy bill, swelled within my short experience
here from three to ten millions, chiefly squandered
along the Atlantic cities: and talk of public plunder.
Look at the present bill, and without entering into
a calculation, I think I may assert, it appropriates
more in your cities, in building houses, improving
houses and grounds, fencing, and other ornamen-
tal fancies, than the whole amount of the year's ex-
penditure ever destined to cross the Alleghany
mountains; and then talk of plunder. It is true we
feel our wrongs, and we make a noise about them;
but we get nothing, as far as my experience goes.
Gentlemen mistake our clamors for our gains;
the noise and fury are great, but gains nothing. I
have listened to this kind of eloquence for seven
years in this Hall, and would now like to know
what has been done for the West in all that time,
save a little grant of lands to Indiana, to complete
her canal, which was charged to her citizens
through the alternate system. Let gentlemen not
mistake sound for substance: we ask much, com-
mensurate with the magnitude and the importance of
our country, but our askings usually expire with
the breath that gives sound to the sentiment. We
get nothing, not even the poor privilege of using a
portion of our soil upon the hard terms of paying
an equivalent in the end. It is true, our demands
are great, our necessities are great, the extent of
our country is great, our population is great and
is getting greater fast, thank Heaven; but what do
we get? that's the question. It is an easy matter
to deal in generalities, and use epithets, but let
"■entlemen come down to sober facts, and show
what the West has received from the bounty of
this Government. Our demands accumulate of
course, as none of them are granted, until orators,
catching inspiration from their magnitude, can
swell into bursts of eloquent invective against
them. But this proves nothing, except former
Sir, I have heard it rumored through this Hall,
that the bills from the Senate upon this subject,
and which have been approved by the committee
of which I am a member, amounted to fifty mil-
lions of acres. I have made no accurate calcula-
tion on the subject, but I am satisfied, that in no
contingency can they amount to one fifth of this
generous estimate. The gentlemen get up a scare-
crow, and then become frightened at their own
device. Now, I can tell those gentlemen, that if
every bill upon this subject that has passed the
Senate was to become a law, it would supply but
a small vacuum in the wants of the country; wou d
take nothing from the national wealth that would
not be repaid, and would not shorten their allow-
ance out of the Treasury one dollar. They could
still adorn the pleasure-grounds of officers resi-
dences, and surfeit the Barrons and Galphins of
the Treasury. So I hope their fears will be al-
layed.
We have to encounter another set of opponents,
who are the most difficult of all to answer, because
they want to be so kind to us that nobody else
can keep pace with them, and they leave us to
perish amidst a shower of their good wishes and
intentions. They would give us the land, with-
out the condition, but they never could think of
a proposition with any favor that raises the alter-
nate sections on the people. It is in vain we ap-
peal to them to be just as kind to us as we de-
sire. They are resolutely bent on being kinder,
and thereby do nothing, but leave us to starve on
glittering hopes, which their imaginations have
conjured up for our entertainment. To such 1 do
| not know what appeal to make. If they were less
kind in their intentions, there might be found
some debatable ground on the question, but it is
impossible to argue with a man who wants to do
more for you than you ask, or than anybody else
would think of granting. All I can do with such
is, to tell them that their's is the policy that starved
the ox between the two clumps of hay, and kind-
ly request them to reconsider, and for charity's
sake be less charitable.
Another objection to these grants, with some,
was, as they allege, the want of constitutional
power in Congress to make donations, as they call
them, of the public lands; but which I call any-
thing but donations. But even if they were what
they assume them to be, I have been unable to dis-
cover the difficulty; for if there is one provision in
the Constitution that is perfectly clear and definite,
it is that provision giving Congress full power over
the disposal of the public lands, under the title of
territory or other public property. The power to
dispose of, and make all needful rules and regula-
tions respecting, the territory or other property of
the United States, is given to Congress, without
any limitation or restriction, and was clearly in-
tended to be left solely to their sound discretion
and patriotism. And whilst it might be an act of
bad faith for Congress recklessly to squander the
public lands upon imp*oper objects, looking noth-
ing to the improvement of the great fund intrusted
to their care, yet that would argue nothing against
the power to do so. And Congress has constantly
and uniformly exercised the power to give away
the public lands. They give them for asylums of
various kinds; they give them to endow schools
and colleges; they give them frequently to individ-
uals for meritorious conduct; they give them to
soldiers, long after they have been legally paid for
their services. None of these are debts against the
Government, but in every instance it is a pure
naked donation—not even assuming the disguise
of any other pretence. I do not believe it is a just
or proper use of the fund to be donating it away,
without any ulterior object looking to beneficial re-
sults upon the fund itself; but that argues nothing
against the power.
But in the present instance I beg gentlemen to
keep in view the fact, that this grant is no dona-
tion, but a grant upon a valuable consideration;
instead of decreasing, having a direct tendency to
increase the fund by promoting the sales of that
which would be otherwise unsaleable. Who be-
lieves that lands along the Ohio and Illinois canals
would have been sold for a century to come, but
for those magnificent works? And meach of those
cases you gave aid, and yet realized all for your
lands that you asked, and secured rapid sales.
There is lands doubtless along the line of this road
which, without the improvement, would never be
entered; but with it, will be rapidly taken up, at
the higher price of the reserved sections, thereby
realizing to this Government all that it demands
for the whole. If these roads were not through
the public lands, inuring to their benefit, and en-
hansing their price, we would ask you for nothing.
Another objection raised to these grants is, that
they are for the benefit of corporations and com-
panies of individuals,and do not go to the States for
the benefit of the whole people. This, I confess,
would be a formidable argument, if gentlemen
were not reduced to the necessity of imagining the
premises upon which they based it. Upon the
same principle of reasoning, I could prove any-
thing, however repugnant to truth. Let me estab-
lish my own premises, and 1 could work out my
own conclusions to my own satisfaction, with the
least possible difficulty. The great defect, how-
ever, in the argument, is, that it has no premises in
truth to base itself upon; and however plausible
in its structure, must fall to pieces for want of a
foundation. Let them assume the fact that a grant
to the State of Missouri means a grant to compa-
nies and corporations, or that the State is so un-
mindful of her own interest as to give it away,
contrary to the absolute provisions of the bill, and
they could read us a thrilling homily upon the
abuses of corporations. But, unfortunately for
them, the bill does not so provide; but, upon the
contrary, expressly grants the land to the State;
and it would be at least a charitable conclusion to
suppose a State capable of taking care of its own
property, and making it available to its own interest.
There has not a bill passed through the committee
in favor of granting these lands to any corporation,
or to anybody, save to the States in which thej
