742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
Morehead, Morton, Shepperd, Sprague, Toombs, Van Dyke.
Watkins, WjJhams, Newell, Hay, Ciingman, Casey, and
A. Evans.
For Mr. Walbridge—Messrs. Bingham, J. Cable, Disney,
Doty, Gorman, P.'King, McWillte, Olds, Phelps, Potter,
Rofobins, Sweetser, Walden, Wilmot, and McMullen.
For Mr. Forney—Messrs. Bocock, Hammond, Kaufman,
S. W. Harris, Howard, Inge, R. W. Johnson, Powell, and
B. H. Stanton.
For Mr. Smiths-Messrs. Buel, Fuller, Gerry, Hubbard,
Littlefield, McQueen, Sawtelle, Stetson, and Peck.
For Mr. Clarke—Messrs. Ashmun, Bowie, Grinnell,
Holmes, Stanly, A. H. Stephens, Taylor, and Wilson.
For Mr. Glosshrenner—Messrs. Robinson, F. P. Stanton,
Strong, Wallace, and McDonald.
For Mr. Morehead—Messrs. Howe, Ogle, and J. B.
Thompson.
No choice.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion, which were ordered; then
Mr. STANTON withdrew the motion.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, renewed the
motion that the House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked to be
excused from voting on the motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Arkansas could not ask to be excused from voting
on a motion to adjourn.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to adjourn—yeas 72, nays 96.
FIFTH VOTE.
The roll was then called the fifth time; when the
tellers reported that the whole number of votes
given in was 179; necessary to a choice 90; of
which
Mr. Young received   63.
Mr. Walker  51
Mr. Prindle     32
Mr. Walbridge  H
Mr. Smith    8
Mr. Forney      6
Mr. Clarke    5
Mr. Glosshrenner  3
179
The following is the vote in detail, viz:
For Mr. Youn?—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bis-
■ell, Booth, Bowdon, Bowlin, Albert G. Brown, William J.
-pr°wn, Joseph Cable, Caitter, Cleveland, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Howell Cobb, Diinmick, Dunham, Edmundson,
Ewmgj Fitch, Gilmore, Hull, Hamilton, Hatalson, Harlan,
Isham G. Harris, Thomas L. Ilarri?, Hoaglrtnti, Howard
Inge, Josftph VV. Jackson, Jone*, La Sfcrc, Lnffler, McCJer'
tmna, McDonald. McDowell, Robert M. McL;ine, Meade
Miller, Millson, Old?, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Rich'
ardson, Robbms, Robinson, Ro?s, Savage, Seddon, Stron"
Sweeper, Tlmrnad, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson'
William Thompson, Venable, Wellborn, Wildrick, Wood!
Woodward, and Young. '
ForMr.Walker—Messrs. Alston, Andrews, Bowie, JBriffjp,
Chester Butler, E. Carrmgton Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Ciingman, Corwin, Deberry, Dick-
ey, Dixon, Duer, Alexander Ev«hh, Frcedlev, Gentry, Gott,
Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Henry, Howe, George G. Km",
James G. King, McGaughey, Finis E. McLean, Meacham,
Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nes, Newell, Ogle, Otis, Phce-
nix, Pitman, Rockwell, Shepperd, Spaulding,Spr,igiie, Alex-
ander II. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Toombs. Tuck.Un.
derhill, Van Djke, Watkins, and Williams.
For Mr. Prindle—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Bennett, Bo-
fcee, Brooks, Clark, Cofe, Conger, Crowell, Fowler, Gid-
dings,Goodenow, Gould, Hallowav, Hebard, John A. King,
Matteson, McKissock, Nelson, Putnam, Revnolds, Root,
Rumsey, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
Tavlor, Thurman, Vinton, White, and Wrnthrop.
For Mr. Walbridge—Messrs. Bingham, Buel, Dotv, Gor-
man, P. Kinc, McMullen, McWillie, Potter, Walden. Wil-
' In^t, and Julian. '
fTFv°u Mr. Smith—Messrs. Fuller, Gerry, S. W. Harris,
Hubbard, LMlefield, Sawtelle, F.P.Stanton, and Stetson.
For Mr. Forney—Messrs. Hammond, R. W. Johnson,
Powell, R. H. Stanton, Kaufman, and Bocoek
For Mr. Clarke—Messrs. Holmes, Stanly, J. B. Thompson,
Wilson, and Grinnell.
For Mr. Glosshrenner— Messrs. CoJcock, Mc&ucen, and
W.jJ/aee. 5
No choice.
On motion the House then adjourned till to-
morrow at twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following; petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. BOOTH : The petition of E. H. Dunham and 3l2
electors, residing in Middlctown, in the State of Connect!,
cut, praying that .«lavery and the slave trade may be pro
mbued in all the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of E. H. Dunham and 290 others, elect-
ors of the same town and State, praying for the repeal of
enacted by Congress bv which slavery or the slave
an^h?t°nZ(td ov sanctioned in lhe District of Colum-
W1' aod tbat 111 «ve it of their non-repeal, the seat of the
National Government may be removed to some more suita-
ble location.
Also, the petition of E. H. Dunham and 317 others, elect-
ors of the same town and State, praying that whenever a
person shall be arrested as a fugitive slave, in any State
other than that in which he is alleged to be held to service,
he shall not he delivered to the claimant except on the find-
ing of a jury.
Also, the petition of E. H. Dunham and 329 others, elect-
ors of the same town and State, praying that no State be
hereafter admitted into the Union, unless the constitution
of such State shall expressly prohibit the existence of sla-
very within its limns.
' By Mr. FITCH : The account and accompanying papers
of Doctor F. C. Miller, of Indiana, for services as assistant
surgeon of United States army.
Also, the petition of V. R. T. Large and others, citizens
of Wabash county, Indiana, asking compensation to Mr.
Large for preemption land, sold without the previous notice
required by law.
Also, the petition of John Steele and others, of La Porte
county, Indiana, asking a reduction of postage.
Also, the petitions of sundry citizens of the same county,
asking the prohibition of slavery and the slave trade in all
territoiies belonging to the United States; and that fugitive
slaves have the right of trial by jury; and that slavery and
the slave trade be abolished in the District of Columbia, or
the seat of Government be removed ; and that no new State
be admitted into the Union unless slavery be excluded from
such State.
Also, petitions of sundry citizens of South Bend,Indiana,
asking that fugitive slaves have the right of trial by jury,
and that slavery be prohibited in the teiritories.
By Mr. NELSON: The petition of Jedediah Gray, pray
ing to be allowed a pension fiom July, 1830.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: The petition of 90 clergymen of
the Providence Conference of the Methodist Church, for a
reduction of posiage.
By Mr. PHCENIX: The petition of Ide, Coit&Co., to
he refunded duties paid on meichandise, damaged in transit
from one warehouse to another warehouse for exportation.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 16, 1850.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of State,
made in compliance with a resolution of the 6th
ultimo, calling for all the information to be found
on the records of that department concerning
slaves deported from the United States by officers
of the British Government, in violation of the
seventh article of the definitive treaty of peace of
the 30th September, 1783, &c., stating that " no
' information, in addition to that heretofore com-
' niunicated to Congress, exists on the files of the
'department throwing light upon the subject.
' The question appears to have been considered as
' merged* in the treaty of amity, commerce, and
' navigation, which was concluded between the
' two countries in 1794, and, so far as can be as-
' certained, has not since been disturbed." The
communication was laid on the table and ordered to
be printed.
memorials and petitions.
Mr. CORWTN presented a memorial of James
Ralichison de Saint Vital and Anthony Villard, an
architect, both French citizens, residents of Mex-
ico for several years past, setting forth that on the
night of the 20th of December, 1847, some Ameri-
can troops, coming from Vera Cruz to the city of
Mexico, did, for the purpose of cooking their
victuals and warming themselves, set on fire the
old inn, (Venta Antique.) That, remote from
their country and exposed to share the unflattering
fate to which is doomed this unfortunate country,
worthy of a better one, they are now vergin0' on
impendingand utter ruin. As neutrals in politics
between the two countries, the subscribers claim,
in the name of their children, of your Excellency
(the petition was originally addressed to the Presi-
dent of the United SFates) the just indemnification
to which they are entitled, looking upon themselves
as equally supported by justice and the laws of
nations. The petition was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
Winifred N. Kouns and W. Neville Read, heirs
of John Neville, an officer in the revolutionary
army, asking to be allowed commutation pay
which was referred td the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. I
®TURGEON presented a petition of citi- I
zens of Philadelphia county, Pennsylvania, asking !
that the act of Congress of 26th of February ex- !
tending the patent of Wm. Woojjworth, for a
planing machine, may be repealed; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, a memorial from merchants and other
citizens of Philadelphia, asking the construction of
a harbor at Reedy Island, in the Delaware river;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a petition from Robert Bartlett and others,
asking a reduction of the rates of postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the bill from the House for
the relief of Sarah Jane West, reported back the
same without amendment, and recommended its
See Jelter from Mr. Jay to Secretary Randolph under
date 6th February,. 1795, published in Gales & s'eaton>1
American btate Papers, Foreign Relations, vol. 1, page 518*
WILMINGTON AND RALEIGH RAILROAD.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to which was referred the House
bill" entitled " An act for the relief of the Wilming-
ton and Raleigh Railroad Company," have in-
structed me to report back the bill without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage; and I move that
it be now taken up for consideration.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
and read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mitteee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I wish the chairman would give
some reason why this company is to be exempted
from the operation of the general laws of the land }
Mr. RUSK. I think the Senator will see that
this is not an exemption from the general laws of
the land. The effect of the bill is precisely this:
This company have imported a quantity of iron,
and expect in a short time to import enough to
complete the track of the road. They have a con-
tract with the Post Office Department for carrying
the mail, asl understand, to the amount of $75,000,
though I am not certain as to the precise amount.
It is a route of great importance, because it is a
link in the connection of the great northern and
southern mail-route. The bill proposes to extend
the time for the payment of the duties upon the
iron imported, upon their giving bond and security
to the satisfaction of the Treasury Department for
the payment of the money, and also authorizes the
transfer from the Post Office to the Treasury De-
partment of the amount which is to be paid. It is
simply extending for a short length of time the
payment, and saving the trouble of paying-duties
in the port of Wilmington, and then receiving it
again from the Post Office Department for mail
service. It will be beneficial every way, and not a
cent will go out of the Treasury at all; and it will
enable the company soon to complete the road,
which is a matter of considerable importance;
because the line of connection between Wilming-
ton and Charleston is now by water, and there are
frequent complaints of failures of lhe mails on this
great northern and southern route. The largest
number of the failures of the mail is caused by this
want of connection, which is attributed to fogs and
head winds, but which will be made up on the
completion of this road, and thus the mail will be
carried through so as to avoid these failures.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and ordered to be read a third time; and was sub-
sequently read a third time and passed.
port of entry at milwaukee.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. The Committee
on Commerce, to which was referred the bill to
establish a port of entry at Milwaukee, in the
State of Wisconsin, and for other purposes, have
instructed me to report the same back. I wish to
state that this is the original bill introduced into
the Senate by my colleague, and referred to the
j Committee on Commerce. The committee placed
it in my hands under their direction, and I ad-
dressed the Secretary of the Treasury on the sub-
ject, enclosing in my letter the bill which I now
report; he returned it with another bill. That bill
.the committee adopted, and I some time since re-
ported it to the Senate. The bill introduced by
my colleague is the same in substance. It was,
however, overlooked at the time, and if any blame
is to be attached to any one, it should be to my-
self, and not to the Secretary of the Treasury.
As before stated, he furnished the bill, and the
committee adopted it as a substitute for the bill of
my colleague.
I now ask that the bill introduced by my col-
league may be printed and lie on the table.
Mr.' KING. I will suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin to extend his proposition, so that the
