1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
743
bill reported by him may be taken as an amend-
ment to the original bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. I accept of the
€U£g;estion of the Senator from Alabama.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
considered as so amended.
The bill was then laid upon the table and or-
dered to be printed.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to aid the
State of Indiana in the improvement of the slack-
water navigation of the Iroquois and Kankakee
rivers; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend the act
of4th September, 1841, granting preemption rights
to settlers on the public lands; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. CLEMENS gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the Corporation of the city of Tuscaloosa to con-
vey a part of the margin of the Black Warrior
river to a plank road company.
Mr. FELCH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to create the office of sur-
veyor general of the public lands in Oregon, to
provide for the survey of those lands, and to make
donations to settlers thereon.
PRINTING OF STATISTICS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following reso-
lution, which was consideied by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library inquire into
the propriety of causing to be printed, m suitable form, the
staiistical information collected under the supervision of the
Bureau of Indian Affairs, in pursuance of special acts and
appropriations for that purpose, and report.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate
resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con- |
sideration of the bill to supply deficiencies in the :
appropriations for the fiscal year ending on the I
30th of June, 1850, the question pending being j
upon the amendment offered by Mr. Pearce, as
follows:
" For completing the improvement.of Indiana avenue, in
the city of Washington, from the City Hall to the Capitol
hill, .$7,000, to be expended under the control of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings."
Mr. RUSK. I see by the reports in the news-
papers this morning, that, in the answer I gave to
the honorable Senator from Maine yesterday, I am
liable to misconstruction where it is stated that the
amendment offered by me was to supply clerks in
the Sixth Auditor's office. That was an error,
and it originated in this way. There are two clerks
belonging to the fiscal department of the Post
Office. That department takes charge of the pay-
ment of all money. The Sixth Auditor's office is j
independent of the Post Office, and under the direc- \
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury. They have
a larger number of clerks now than there are per-
haps even in the Post Office itself; so that the
amendment I offered has no reference to the Sixth
Auditor's office.
Mr. DICKINSON. I had understood that the
pending amendment was offered yesterday under
the authority of some committee, but I now un-
derstand that these §7,000 are to be appropriated
without the recommendation of any committee.
1 hope, therefore, it will not be adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I regret that
it has not been sanctioned by a committee, but I
think every Senator who examines the subject,
will come to the conclusion that it ought to be
adopted. I hope it will be adopted, for it is the
best appropriation that has been foade for this
District.
Mr. WA LKER. M r. President, here is a prop-
osition to appropriate $7,000 to construct means
of access to a railroad depot. The company who
own this road own a very valuable property, as I un-
derstand it—one which makes a dividend of about
twenty-five per cent., one-fifth of which goes to
the State of Maryland. This company first place
their depot on the avenue, at the instigation of the
city of Washington. After it is placed there, it
is proposed to move it back again to the point
where it originally was. The United States went
to the expense in the first instance of providing
facilities for their depot upon the avenue; and now,
when they propose to move their dep6t back to its
original site, another appropriation is required.
Now, I cannot see why any other railroad com-
pany may not just as well come and ask an ap-
propriation to provide facilities of approach to
their depot. But this is put upon the ground of
convenience. To whom? To members of Con-
gress and the citizens of this place, I suppose. I
think no company that has any regard to its own
interests, (and which of them has not?) would
place its depot at a place where it was inaccessible.
This is the way this matter presents itself to my
mind. Although this may be a small matter, yet
it seems to me that it is an appropriation calling
upon our generosity in a case in which it ought
not to be exercised. If there be any reason for
this appropriation, I should like to hear it given,
in order that u should be known whether we are
not committing an outrageupon the Treasury,and
giving away the people's money for the benefit of
private corporations.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I offered this
amendment yesterday, in the absence of the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who,
I perceive, is now in his seat. The Senator from
Wisconsin has taken exception to a matter which
was stated by me merely incidentally, and as a
consideration for our immediate action, It is not
proposed to extend Indiana avenue for the accom-
modation of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
The original appropriation for the improvement of
this avenue was made three years ago, in pursu-
ance of a general and long-established policy of the
Government, in regard to the streets and avenues
of the city of Washington. We have from time
to time made appropriations of this sort, for the
grading of the streets of this city. It is, however,
apart of the general system of the Government,
in relation to this city, just as necessary as any
other part. We do not undertake to do it all at
once; but, from time to time, we make appropria-
tions for facilitating intercourse between one part,
of the city and another. This appropriation is to
continue a work which has been begun, but has
not been finished. 1 mentioned, as a reason why
it should be put into this bill and passed now, that,
as the railroad depot was about to be removed to
the station-house, it would be desirable that this
improvement should be promptly completed. The
Senator from Virginia will probably be able to give
a more satisfactory explanation than I can.
Mr. MASON. I had intended to offer this
amend ment, but it was kindly offered in my absence
• by the honorable Senator from Maryland. The
object of the appropriation is to complete a work,
commenced some two years ago, under the patron-,
age of the Government of the United States, in
constructing a street from the Capitol to Third
street, and which is called, in the plan of the city,
Indiana avenue. There was an appropriation
made, I think, more than eighteen months ago, of
$13,500, to complete that work. The estimate of
the expense was made by the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, which estimate was, that it
would take $17,000 or $18,000. He reported that,
in 1845, as one of the improvements wliich, in his
estimation, were necessary to give avenues of ap-
proach from the public buildings to the Capitol,
and from the Capitol to those buildings. That
report was made in December, 1845, and among
those streets which he thought the public conve-
nience required, was this Indiana avenue.
Now, sir, it has been connected with the Balti-
more and Qhio railroad incidentally, and incident-
ally only. It is in contemplation on the part of
the railroad company, I believe, to withdraw their
depot from Pennsylvania avenue, and place it at a
point where it will intersect Indiana avenue; and
it is only incidentally that this amendment has any
relation to that subject. Whether the depot be put
there or not, it is a matter of public convenience
ariclfpublic propriety that Capitol Hill should be
connected with the other parts of the city by that
avenue, which is one of the highways of the city
of Washington, and which the city itself is not
able to construct. How far it is right and proper
for the Government of the United States to appro-
priate the public money for improvements in'the
city of Washington, is a matter to be considered
by the Senate; but if we determine now that it
shall not be done, we shall reverse all that has
been done by our predecessors on this subject.
The city of Washington belongs to the public.
It is the larger part in importance, if not in terri-
tory, of the District of Columbia. The Govern-
ment laid it out, and it covers an immense surface.
The corporate authorities of the city of Wash-
ington have it not in their power to make these
improvements. The Government owns a large
portion of the property of the city, which is not
subject to taxation. For these considerations it
has long since been decided that the Government
should contribute to those improvements which
are necessary for the public convenience.
I repeat again, the connection of this Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company is only incidental,
; and should not be considered one way or the other,
except so far as public convenience demands.
The amendment which is offered is one which I
think very proper. It provides that so much of
the $7,000 as may be required shall be expended
under the control of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, to complete this work, upon which the
Government has already expended $13,500.
Although it was remarked, rather jocularly I
think, that this restriction had better not be m^de,
and that all the money will be expended, I Would
say that is by no means certain. It may be so and
it may not, and it is right, if the whole amount
be not expended, the quantity unexpended sfrpuld
remain in the Treasury, subject to the public use.
I know when 1 drew the amendment, 1 suggested
this proposed form of expression; but the Mayor
of the city of Washington said it was unnecessary,
for all the money, if not expended, would necessa-
rily remain in the Treasury, and he cited an in-
stance where a sum of money had been appropri-
ated by the Government of the United States to
continue an improvement in the city of Washing-
ton, a considerable portion of which remained in
the Treasury, and was never drawn out. But it
struck me that it was proper and expedient that
the provision should be inserted, entertaining no
doubt myself that the money will be properly ex-
I pended.
j Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask if this comes from
l the Committee for the District of Columbia?
! Mr. MASON. No, sir. 1 see that it was
i mentioned yesterday by the Senator from iNorth
I Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] that he was under the
apprehension that it came from that committee;
; but this is not so. The matter was never referred
| to them, and of course, therefore, was never' cott-
le sidered by them. It was a proposition that'.came
to me through the city authorities, under the im-
pression, doubtless, that the chairman of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia was the proper
organ to communicate it to the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. I will say that I misappre-
hended as to the amendment coming from the com-
mittee.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would merely suggest to the
Senator whether the matter should not be referred
to the Committee for the District > ' ,,,
Mr. MASON. There could be no objection,
but that it would defeat the object—that of having
the appropriation made at this time. If it is ivpt
made now—and it seems to me proper that
should be, because it is a deficiency, and is res-
quired to complete a work which has already been
begun, under former appropriations inadequate foe
the purpose—it will lead to very serious delay.
Such would be the result of referring it to a com-
mittee.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask a single ques-
tion, and that is, whether the application has the
i sanction of the Coporation of Washington?
| Mr. MASON. As the request was made of me
j by the Mayor of the city, I take it for granted that
| it has.
i Mr. SEWARD. I hope, then, that the appro-
| priation will be made. Coming as it does with the
sanction of Congress on a former occasion, as im-
plied in the appropriation commencing this work, I
i recognize the obligations of the Government to
1 make very liberal allowances for the improvement
' of the city of Washington.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to state that I have no
objection to the amendment at all, and that I shall
vote for it.
The amendment was then adopted, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Builer, Clay, Cor-
win, Davis of Massachusetts, Douglas, Foote, Greene, Hale,
