THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOm
SeptMf*
the settlers. Since tjiajt time I have made gome
further inquiries, and I find t,hat riot only what t
then stated is correct, but that the proofs are more
conclusive than I supposed it possible to obtain.
I find from the' official correspondence, and the
statements of tfee officer sent here in connection
with tiijs matter, that in no instance has any one
been driven from his possessions; and that in
every instance jyhere the Government has selected
lajid or) which there were improvements, a careful
estimate has been made of the value of the im-
pcoyeraerjts found upon the land, with a view to
making therefor fplt compensation. I have learned
what i? probably the foundation of the story of
the store-house at Astoria. An officer direct from
that country informs me that the commanding
officer of tije garrison desired to obtain a store-
house which yras the property of the Hudson's
Bay Company, and that he sent a proposition
to an tiiieni ot the company in relation to it. It
bad not been taken possession of when this officer
left the country, bijt he met tbe agent of the Hud-
son's Bay Company on his way, in order to agree
uppn thp terms of rent to be paid by the com-
manding officer. 1 have learned, also, that the
toM?n of Astoria is situated uppn four claims, each
pne mile square, with houses scattered along the
tjanlj of the river, having a small strip of land
along the margin of the river cleared; and that the
Jot intended to be reserved is a high point of land,
overlooking the channel of the Columbia river.
On this two or three, or at most four inferior
houses, had been erected, and the value of tbe im-
provements wereestimated to be worth about two
thousand dollars. I learn, also, that this tract is
claimed by the Hudson's Bay Company. How
far the treaty of Washington, tyhich determined
the boundary of Oregon, confirmed the possessory
title of the Hudson's Bay Company in Oregon, it
is not now for ttje Senate to decide.' Jt is a ques-
tion settled by internatiqnal agreement. Their
right iijay be extinguished by purchase, but we
can no more allow citizens of the United States to
dispossess them by settlement than v/e cquld send
troops to turn them off front) the lands by force.
There is, then, to be considered in this connection,
first, the titieof the Hudson's Bay Company, and
then the reversionary title of the united States, as
standing in the way of these locations. We may
grant to the settlers of that country whatever right
we possess. We may go further, and grant what-
ever rights we may hereafter acquire, but they
have no claim by settlements; we have no power
to make grants on lands previously occupied, and
now possessed by the Hudson's Bay Company. I
understand, also, that there has been some attempt
at fraud in relation to this matter; that the Hudson's
Bay Company permitted its servants, as individ-
uals, to locate on us tracts of land, under the im-
pression that theeompany's title lo their possessions
in the country could not be permanently held; and
I have also been informed that sometimes the em-
ployes of the company have made locations against
the claim of the company, so as to secure its im-
provements for their own benefit, under operation
of the anticipated law for grants to actual settlers.
The reports of the officers in relation to the pro-
posed reservations are very full. I have many
before me, being originals and copies, showing the
position and extent of the particular locations se-
lected. That at Astona is the lower one of these
four sections, claimed as settlement rights, and
xyhicii constitute the so-called town of Astona. It
is a high point of land, overlooking the river, and
is represented as essential for military purposes.
The other reservations proposed to b,e umtle for
military purposes, af the mouth of the Columbia
river, are Point Adams, two square miles; Cape
Disappointment, about six hundred and forty acres;
and tsand Island, containing about twenty acres.
These points I understand have now no occupants
upon them, and that there is no private claim upon
them. The Astoria point has already been no-
ticed. Six miles above Astoria there is another
point of land overlooking the river, which is also
■ considered desiiabie for military purposes; and at
that point it is supposed that six hundred and
forty acres might be requisite. Next m order is
the site for an ordnance dep6t on the Willamette
river. And here, sir, I will say a few words in
answer to the argument made by the Senator from
Illinois, and founded especially upon this case,
which he treated as an invasion of the private
rights of Mr. Meek, on the Wdlamette river. 1
have sought, and acquired, I believe, very fall in-
formation in relation to this claim. I have a map
before me of the survey which was made for a
reservation at that place. That was the point
selected by the commanding general for an ord-
nance depdt, because, it being on the south side of
the Columbia river, and on the north side of the
Willamette, it was supposed to be most secure
from attack, either by approach through the Puget
Sound, or by the Columbia river, or by land routes
from other points. It also possesses the water
power necessary to drive the machinery required
for an arsenal of construction. The private in-
terest of the resident was treated as property in
selecting the site, and from the estimate made
seems very small compared with the idea sug-
gested by the Senator's argument. One would
suppose from his representation that it was an
extensive cultivated estate, and that it had been
laid waste; that it was over wide-spread fields of
grain and clustering vines that the iron-shod
hoofs of the cavalry had ruthlessly trodden. Now,
all that appears by the map and repprt is one
acre of cleared anu fenced land, and a log cabin,
which is estimated at a hundred and eighty
dollars—one hundred dollars being the high rate
allowed for clearing the acre of land, and eighty
for the fence and cabin. And as to the horses
running destructively over the grain-fields, the re-
ply is contained in the statement made to me of
the manner in which the survey was made. The
officers and two soldiers were sent to make the sur-
vey; they went by way of the river in a boat, and
had no horses with them. There was, according
to my information, no dispossession of the resi-
dent. These officers went to his house, stated the
object of their visit, gave assurances that his prop
erty should be fairly estimated, and if taken for
public use would be paid for; they made the sur-
vey, and left in the most friendly manner. No
troops have ever been stationed there, nor any
other action by the military officers of the Govern-
ment than that of the surveying party who marked
the bounds of the proposed reservation, and re-
turned, as they had gone, in a boat. Instead,
therefore, of troops dispossessing this resident,
and converting his fields into a pasture for the cav-
alry horses, it was only a surveying party who
went there for the purpose of designating a reser-
vation winch it was pioposed to make, and who,
when they had done so, left the place. It is not
intended, if the reservation be authorized, to take
immediate possession. It was a mere selection
and survey of a site, that hereafter, when it may
become necessary to construct arms and ammuni-
tion in that country, we might have a reservation on
which we could erect an ordnance dep6t and arse-
nal of construction without paying an exorbitant
price for a proper site. In making this survey,
too, the greatest care was exhibited to avoid collis-
ion, and not needlessly to interfere with any set-
tlement. There is a saw-mill on the stream, the
water power of which it was expected to use; and
in making the selection they treated with the owner
of the mill m relation " to the water privilege.
There was also a settlement where there were
some valuable fruit trees planted, and other im-
provements. They avoided that settlement, and
made their location around this cabin, with its sin-
gle acre of cleared land.
I will be very brief in the remainder of my re-
marks, as the Senator from Illinois informs me he
intends to withdraw his objection. I will, there-
fore, say only so much as may be due to the offi-
cers whose conduct has been called in question.
The location at the Dalles is in,the Indian country,
where the natives subsist upon the fish whicti
they take from .the river at that very favorable
point for this pursuit—salmon fishing. If white
men were allowed to go there, with the superior
fishing apparatus and skill they possess, they
would deprive those Indians of their only means of
support. These are, 1 suppose, the fisheries from
which the white men are said to have been exclu-
ded. If they went there, they were trespassers on
the Indian land, and ought to have been driven off.
The military reservation at this point cannot
interfere with settlers' rights, pretensions, or rea-
sonable expectations. Tiie missionary location
will be, I douPt not, duly respected, and the re-
estabhshment of the mission would be promoted
by the presence of troops. It was long since
abandoned by the missionaries, on account of the
hostility of the surrounding tribes.
A reservation is proposed at JPuget's Sound.
This is, I believe, all except such places as may
from time to time be found necessary in the* Indian
country- I will state further, that it is not in-
tended that any reservation within the settled part
of Oregon should be, more than a mile square; -ami
wherever private claims are required to give way
to the public service, the property which-is take'a
is to be estimated and paid for at its full value.
Such is the character of the amendment, and such
has been the expectation and conduct of the offi-
cers on the part of the Government in relation to
these proposed reservations. -
Mr. DOUGLAS. The statements that I made
the other day on this subject were made on the
authority of the Delegate from Oregon. He be-
lieved them. I believed them. I do not choose
now to enter into a controversy as to whether the
information received by the Senator from Missis-
sippi or the information I have received is correct.
Neither of us can settle that point at present. But
Ideem it so important, and the Delegate from Ore-
gon deems it so important that this bill should pass
now, that I do riot propose to say one word in re-
ply. But 1 hope we may now vote.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved to strike out
the third section of the bill, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
" The surveys in said Territory shall be made after what
is known ag (lie geodetic method, muter such regulations
and "upon ^.ueli terms as may be provided fey the Secretary
of the Interior, or other department having charge of the
surveys of the public lands, and that said geodetic surveys
shall he followed by topographical surveys, as Congress may
fropi ttii|e to time atuhofige and direct." .
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I merely rise
to express the hope that the amendment will not
prevail: not with reference to its merits, but be-
cause its introducing a new system of surveying
may endanger the bill in the House. If it is a
better plan we can adopt it hereafter. But it is a
new system, which requires investigation, and
may at this time operate to defeat the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
should be sorry if the amendment should have
that effect. Some time since 1 gave notice of my
intention, whenever the subject of surveys in Cal-
ifornia and Oregon came up, to make this proposi-
tion. 1 am convinced that the geodetic is the only
mode by which a strictly accurate survey can be
made anywhere; and that there never was a
country where it was more necessary than in Or-
egon and California. This is the result of the
mountainous and mineral character of the country.
Its narrow valleys being included between moun-
tain ridges, afford the highest facilities for geodetic
surveys, and the greatest difficulty to the mode now
in use. There are also districts of country entirely
worthless, and which lie contiguous to places
where a single acre would be worth more than the
thousand acres adjoining. We require, then, the
highest degree of accuracy in the survey.
The present system is one which is wrong in
theory. It has inherent errors, and those errors do
not compensate each other, but constantly,accumu-
late. When the present system is attempted to
be applied to a mineral country, these errors in-
crease to such a degree that surveys made in the
old mode cannot be m any degree reliable. So
they must prove in either Oregon or California,
i believe, also, that the mode which I propose,* in
a country such as this, if the minute survey, the
small triangulation, be confined to the fertile val-
leys and mines, can be adopted at less exffense
than a survey by the present mode of the whole
country, as this mode requires.
As we advance to the north the errors of the
present mode of survey increase. Between the
4,0th and 41st degree of north latitude there would
be an error of 476 feet-—nearly one tenth of a mile
to a degree of latitude. This is because the system
of survey which we bow use is founded on the
supposition that the earth is a plane instead of
being spherokiaCas it is known to be.
Mr. President, I have no more interest in this
matter than any other member of the Senate must
have. It is a matter of history that we adopted
the present mode of survey from the fact that our
first system of land survey had to be applied to a
.flat'and heavily wooded country, where the more
scientific method could not be advantageously
adopted. Mr. Ellicott, a man of high attainments,
was well aware of its defects^ when the- system was-
introduced. If the Senator's own prairie State of
