746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
keep your commercial agencies in the hands of
consuls within the limits of Austria, than to keep
a charge d'affaires there to attend to these very
interests, which can more effectually be protected
by him? Sir, I do not conceive, myself, that it is
necessary to dwell upon this subject. Whatever
• may be the feelings in consequence of this consid-
eration, honorable senators generally are not pre-
pared to sacrifice the interests of this country, by
discontinuing; this mission, which is essential to
the continuing of those interests.
Now, sir, in regard to this confederated mission:
When that mission was established, or rather when
Mr. Donelson was transferred from Berlin, the ob-
ject of this Government was a laudable one. It
then seemed that there would be a confederated
government established in Germany—a govern-
ment established upon very liberal principles—
which would raise the masses in their owij esti-
mation, and elevate them somewhere neat* to a
level of the masses in our own country. Our Gov-
ernment, therefore, feeling a great interest, deter-
mined to send our minister there, in order that he
might be always inreadiness to assist with his ad-
vice, so that they might carry out their plan in
some degree of conformity with our own system..
We all know it did not succeed. We know that,
after lingering for a time, it disappeared. And
what is the government now? What is the gov-
ernment of Frankfort at this time? It is a gov-
ernment proposed by Russia, arranged and estab-
lished by Russia; objected to by Austria, Bavaria,
Hanover, and several smaller States of Germany.
Mr. FOOTE said he would not bring forward
that amendment at present, but would reserve the
question until a proper time.
Mr. KING. Very well, sir. My information is
such that it cannot be questioned. I venture to say,
that if the gentleman will look at the documents,
and see what is the precise condition of things,
he will not attempt to establish this confederated
government at Frankfort. However? when the
gentleman brings forward his proof to show that
there is a confederated government there, we may
then take into consideration the propriety of send-
ing a minister there. Unttl that is established, I
venture to say that it cannot be established. It is
not proper to discontinue a mission useful in itself,
with a view to establish one which we do not know
—one which my friend himself does not know—
would be beneficial. I believe it would be of no
earthly service—none at all. I honestly entertain
that opinion. I think it beneficial for the present
to continue this mission. We have great commer-
cial interests at stake, and we ought not to sacrifice
them.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is very obvious that we
cannot enter upon an extended discussion of this
complicated subject, and I hope it will not be pur-
sued further.
Mr, FOOTE said he had just learned that there
were some important papers sent to the Senate the
other day, bearing upon this question of the Aus-
trian mission. He understood that the Secretary
of State had received these papers; and being
very willins to get at all the facts, and as these
papers were ordered to be printed, he would sug-
gest to the Senator from New York whether it
would not be better to postpone the further con-
sideration of this matter until they could get these
papers and examine them.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am perfectly willing that
this matter should be postponed, and that is what
I was about to suggest. If we have to wait till
matters relating to our foreign relations be printed,
and to go through a discussion which will prob-
ably last for weeks, we will never get through
this business. I think the vote should be taken
upon the question which is now before us; and
then if there is anything that requires to he put
down or to be put up, any mission to be discon-
tinued, or one to be established where we now
have none, I will come here any day or any night
and sit here until the matter is disposed of. But I
cannot believe that it is proper to delay this bill,
which is wanted for various purposes, for this
question, which has no relation with it one way
or the other. This bill should be acted upon now,
and the other questions when it is necessary to
do so.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, why| push this
matter now ? Why not pass it by till the regular
diplomatic bill comes up?" There is no hurry
about it? The'world will still turn round, if we
do not pass this appropriation now. Things will
go on as usual, notwithstanding what my honor-
able friend from Alabama has said, I say that it
will never change the importations one cent; it
will make no more change than it would upon our
importations from the moon. We had a minister
there, at a salary of $9,000, and this was reduced
to a chargeship, at a salary of $4,500; and if we
abolish this, it will not have the slightest effect
upon our commercial relations. Austria has no
right to find the slightest fault. Now let this mat-
ter go over, and come up in the diplomatic bill in
its proper place. If it await its regular time, no
public interest will suffer from the delay.
Mr. FOOTE. I think that those of us who are
in favor of terminating diplomatic relations with
the Austrian Government, and who have main-
tained to the full extent of the ability they pos-
sessed the ground thus taken, have been treated
little badly by some in relation-to the matter under
consideration. It is now urged upon us that we,
should vote for an appropriation that we cannot
conscientiously sanction. It is gravely proposed
to us who have sustained this measure, that we
shall eat up the speeches heretofore delivered in its
support in this hall—that we shall act in contra-
vention of our calm and solemn arguments, hereto-
fore delivered on this floor, and give our legislative
sanction to enormities of which we have heretofore
complained, (which I will not now particularize,)
and stand committed before the community in
favor of keeping up diplomatic relations with Aus-
tria, while a resolution for discontinuing those
relations is pending before this body. Is it not
reasonable, is it anything less than reasonable,
that we should urge that- this thing should not be
hastily decided, but that it should be considered
carefully? It is a grave and important question.
Having insisted on it hecetofore as a serious ques-
tion, one involving the honor of the Government,
have we not a right to expect of our brethren here
that they will not urge us to vote precipitately
upon it? When the resolution relating to this
matter shall have been taken up and acted upon,
and that action shall be unfavorable, then it will
be time enough to provide an appropriation for
this mission. I insist that this proposition is ex-
ceedingly reasonable, to say the least of it, under
the circumstances alluded to by the Senator from
Michigan, that are of too delicate a character to be
fully explained here, and which furnish an impe-
rious reason for not voting for this appropriation
at the present time, but that action upon it shall
be deferred. We are not asking Senators to com-
mit themselves against diplomatic relations with
Austria; we only ask that the question remain
open for the present—that is all—in order that we
may take a grave and deliberate view of the ques-
tion at the proper time. We have a right to ask
it.
As to the commercial reasons stated by the Sena-
tor from Alabama in reply to the Senator from
Michigan, it is not necessary for me to say a word
in reference to them; but I beg leave to say that I
have examined the subject also; and, though not
so competent to judge as some other Senators on
the floor, I am thoroughly persuaded that il is ex-
pedient to renew diplomatic relations with the
Central Government of Germany; that it was not
expedient to suppress that mission; for I assert it
to have been suppressed, although it has been de-
clared to us to be only suspended. I challenge a
denial of this assertion from the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, or any one who feels authorized
to speak for the Administration on the subject. It
was suppressed, too, at a time when that mission
was likely to prove highly advantageous to the
cause of freedom. It was more important in a
commercial point of view than the Austrian mis-
sion ever was. My friend fron Michigan has de-
clined entering upon this discussion at the present
time, and I perfectly agree with him. When the
proper time arrives, I shall endeavor to extend to
him my feeble aid, in maintaining the proposition
that it is expedient not only to terminate diplo-
matic relations with Austria, but to renew those
relations with Germany. That single mission is, in
my opinion, sufficient to answer all the purposes
that can be required, whether diplomatic or com-
mercial. My only object, however, at the present
time, is to have a vote upon the question, and re-
ject the appropriation at this time; the Treasury
will not be exhausted one, two, or three months
hence. There is sufficient time to make the ap-
propriation, when we shall have the rr^ter under
better advisement; and if it be deemec^Jroper to
continue this mission, I shall then be prepared to
vote for the appropriation.
Mr. HALE. I hope I am not trespassing on
the Senate, when I rise to say, with reference to
the Austrian mission, that we who favor its ter-
mination have been treated somewhat unkindly,
and particularly if the attempt is seriously made
to do that which is intimated by the Senator from
Mississippi, to make us eat our own speeches. I
think that would be most unkind. I hope tHIt
such a fate as that will never be reserved for any
of us, and that we shall never be compelled to sit
down to such a meal. I would say further, that
some of us who are opposed to the mission have
been used uncourteously and unkindly by some
of our own' associates and friends, because we
went with the Senator from Mississippi for the
suppression of this mission; but I wanted to sub-
mit more with it. I wanted to take the whole
batch of tyrants, Russia, Austria, and Prussia,
the whole of them, and get rid of them all; and I
think it is unfair for the Senator from Michigan to
pick out his rogue, and want him taken and con- "
demned, while he lets the others go. I think we
had better allow this subject to be passed by, until
gentlemen are prepared to act upon all the cases
together.
Mr. DICKINSON. I did not favor the retain-
ing of this amendment in the deficiency bill. It
came to us from the House of Representatives,
and I preferred that it should be stricken out, but
the remainder of the committee thought otherwise,
and we reported it. My reason for wishing to
strike it out was, that it was inappropriate to the
deficiency bill. 1 had also other reasons, satisfac-
tory to myself, which 1 will not detain the Senate
by stating. I now beg the Senate to come to a
vote upon this subject, and dispose of it. This
question of the suspension of diplomatic inter-
course with foreign nations will appropriately be
before us when the civil and diplomatic bill is up
for consideration, and then the sense of the Senate
can be taken.
Mr. KING. One word. I do not wish to detain
the Senate, but my friend on my right (the Senator
from Mississippi) seems to imply that this meas-
ure is forced upon him, and those who think with
him, because they will have to vote for what
they have heretofore expressed their determination
not to support, the continuation of diplomatic
relations with Austria. This bill, sir, came from
the House of Representatives, and I myself would
have preferred that this particular part of it should
have been inserted in thecivil and diplomaticappro-
pnation bill. I should not have been opposed,
however, to striking out this particular amend-
ment, but the ground upon which the honorable
Senator from Michigan places the proposition for
striking it out, renders it impossible for me to vote
for that proposition. He places it upon the ground
that we ought to discontinue diplomatic relations
with Austria. Now, I am not prepared to vote
for that. I think that those relations should be
continued, and hence the difficulty I have in voting
for the proposition to strike out. I would be will-
ing that this appropriation should be provided for
at a proper period, were it not that it is put upon
this ground.
Mr. CASS. Every gentleman of course votes
for reasons of his own, and not for reasons that
may be assigned by others. If any gentleman
thinks it inexpedient that the appropriation should
be contained in this bill, and vote for striking it
out, he will not stand committed to any reasons
that may influence my vote in a similar direction.
The salary is provided for already by law until
the 1st of July, and the whole question is open
to be determined hereafter.
Mr. CLEMENS. I desire the privilege of re-
cording my name on this proposition, and I there-
fore ask for the yeas and nays.
They were ordered, and, being taken, were as
follows:
YE —Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Bradbury, Cass,
Chase, Dickinson, Douglas, Felch, Foote, Jones, Norris,
Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, sturgeon, Walker, and Wlnt-
comb—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Butler,
Clay, Clemens, Corwin, Davis of Massachnselis, Dajton,
Downs, Greeny, Hale, Hamlin, Hunier, King, Mangum,
Miller, Morton, Pearce, Phelps, Seward, Smith, Spruance,
Turney, Underwood, Wales, and Yulee—-28.
The bill as amended was then reported; the
