1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
amendments were concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WHITCOMB. [ have an amendment
which I desire to offer to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now too
late; the bill has been ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time. The Senator can, if he chooses,
however, move a reconsideration of that vote.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I will then move a recon-
sideration of the vote.
Mr, DICKINSON. Perhaps the amendment
may be admitted by unanimous consent; let it be
read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" Provided, That so much of any law now in force which
requires or authorizes any further contract or contracts for
or towards the Patent Office building, according to the ori-
ginal plan, without the further action of Congress, be and
the same is hereby, repealed."
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand the
amendment exactly. Does the Senator propose
to arrest the progress of the building?
Mr WHITCOMB. I propose to prevent fur-
ther contracts from being made until some action
shall be taken by Congress upon the sabject.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the amendment be rea
again.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment will accom-
plish more, perhaps, than the Senator from Indi-
ana intends. The $90,000 herein appropriated is
not to pay arrearages, but for work'hereafter to
be done, and this amendment will confine it to the
payment of arrearages.
Mr. BADGER. I must withhold my consent
from the consideration of this proposition; and I
suggest that the motion to reconsider be made a
test vote; and- that the reconsideration be voted for
by those only who are disposed to support this
proposed amendment.
Mr. "WHITCOMB. I move a reconsideration
of the vote ordering the bill to a third reading.
The question being put, the motion was, upon a
division, negatived—ayes 15, noes 27.
The bill was then read a third time by its title
and passed.
THE COMPROMISE COMMITTEE.
Mr. FOOTE. I lise for the purpose of asking
the consentof the Senate to renew a certain motion,
which I had the honor of introducing the other day,
for raising: a committee of thirteen.
Mr DAYTON. It appears to me that, as the
hour is far advanced, it is hardly worth while to
go into a discussion of the questions involved in
that motion; and, as there is much business press-
ing upon us of an Executive character, with the
consent of the Senator from Mississippi, I will
move now that the Senate go into an Executive
session.
Mr. FOOTE. I cannot consent to withdraw
my motion, sir.
Mr. DAYTON. I hope, then, that the vote
will be taken upon it at once, and that the propo-
sition will be voted down.
Mr. FOOTE. However urgent or pressing Ex-
ecutive business may be, this is equally so. There
is no necessity for further discussion upon it; nor,
in my opinion, will any discussion take place
among those who are really anxious to secure the
admission of California, and to establish territo-
rial governments in Utah and New Mexico. These
are matters of imperious moment, infinitely more
important than anything else I can imagine. I do
not feel authorized to give Vay for any business
whatever. I repeat, that I think it is most ob-
vious that there is no necessity for further discus-
sion upon this proposition. It is simply a motion
to appoint a committee, and upon those who are
resolved to engage in discussion be the respon-
sibility of postponing the admission of Califor-
nia. 1, as one not hostile to the measure—as one
originally friendly to the measure—as the one who
first proposed the admission of California in the
Senate of the United States nearly two years ago—
I declare for one that I should conceive myself
responsible for the postponement of the act of ad-
mission, if I were to introduce amendment upon
amendment, not pertinent to the question in hand,
or attempt by an unseasonable discussion to pro-
long a debate, the only effect of which would be
the postponement of the admission of California.
Such is the judgment of the country; such is the
deliberate opinion expressed by every leading pi int
in the Confederacy, except the miserable abolition .!
papers—the Albany Journal, et id gemts omne; and
such will be the opinion in California—yes, sir,
such will be the opinion of every intelligent, rea-
sonable person in California, if the postponement
of her admission be brought about by unnecessary
impediments thrown in the way of legislation on
the subject. And I tell the honorable Senator from
New Jersey that I am prepared now to act upon
the motion, believing that it will result in attaining
the object which we all desire to accomplish—the
speedy settlement of all the questions connected
with this unfortunate question of slavery. Sir, I
beg leave, before i sit down, by way of relieving
the gravity of discussion—by way of showing that
there is something like unanimous public senti-
ment on this question, and all questions connected
therewith, to read a very short extract from what
I hold in my hand. There was a public meeting
held the other day in New York, assembled under
the most interesting auspices; composed of as in-
telligent men as any in the Union—as patriotic
men as any that ever assembled—among whom
there was a free interchange of opinion; and there
seemed to be an undivided sentiment, first, in re-
gard to the importance of this committee, with a
view to the ^establishment of harmony and con-
cord in this Republic; and, secondly, in favor of
the plan which some of us have been advocating
here within the last week—the blending of the
measure for the admission of California, with
other measures for the establishing of territorial
governments. Now, with a view of showing sim-
ply the sentiment which pervaded the meeting, I
beg leave to read a very short extract from a song
that was sung on the occasion, the greater part of
which is very complimentary to one who is now
known, and honorably known, as the Nestor of
the Senate. I will read the concluding stanza. It
runs thus:
"Disputed questions in one bill
Should pa^s without delay;
Qrnt pa'ty strife (or their country's good—
So all the people say.
For on the question to refer,
H. Clay did notloiget
To put in California,
Utah, and Deseret."
This I conceive to be a most authentic declara-
tion of public opimen; and I therefore appeal to
the Senator from New Jersey to defer to that pub-
lic sentiment, to defer at once to what all the peo-
ple say, and let it be done without delay.
Mr. CLAY. I have not risen to prolong this
discussion, for I think it would be unfortunate if
it were extended far. But I have risen to say two
words. One is, that I hope there will be a decis-
ion promptly upon the question of committee or
no committee. Let the thing be disposed of ab-
solutely and finally. The other is, that there is a
particular reason why a decision should be had
to-day, if I have been rightly informed in relation
to a matter of fact; and that is, that to-morrow a
committee composed of six members of this Cham-
ber will depart from this city with the remains of
the lamented Calhoun. Now, it would be very
discourteous towards those gentlemen, and per-
haps improper, if this be the fact, to take up the
subject in tne absence of that committee. It is
very important therefore that we now decide the
question.
Mr. MASON. I rise only to say, sir, that the
intimation respecting the departure of the com-
mittee is not entirely correct. The honorable
Senator has been misinformed. The committee
upon whom this duty has been devolved will prob-
ably leave Washington on Monday next.
Mr. CLAY. Ah! I have been misinformed.
Mr. MASON. While up, and while adverting
to this mission, I will takeoccasion further to say,
that, upon an interchange of opinion among the
gentlemen constituting the committee, they have
expressed the confident hope and expectation
among themselves that, while they are absent upon
such a duty as that which is required at their
hands by the Senate, the business of the Senate
will be so arranged that no vote shall be taken
upon a subject of such deep interest until their re-
turn, which will be as speedy as the occasion will
admit.
Mr. DAYTON. In reference to the matter im-
mediately under consideration, I object to the con-
sideration of this resolution now, for the simple
reason that i think it fnust be perfectly obvious
to eveiy Senator present that, if you take up this
resolution, the balance of the day will be wasted
to no possible purpose. When we reflect upon
the condition of that resolution and the amend-
ments to it, which already lie upon your table, and
those which may yet be offered, it must be per-
fectly obvious to every member of the Senate that
that resolution cannot now be put to the vote. It
is now within an hour of the time at which the
Senate usually adjourns. We may dispose of
some business in Executive session—very much
of which is pressing upon us, and which ought to
have been disposed of long ago—and by this
means appropriate the remainder of the day very
profitably.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 am sorry to feel under the ne-
cessity of pressing my motion. So far as I am
concerned, I wish the subject embraced in my res-
olution to be taken up. i think it can be disposed
of in half an hour, or three-quarters of an hour at
the furthest.
Several Senators. No, no! it cannot be deci-
ded in that time.
Mr. BUTLER. As there is some business
pressing upon us which requires immediate atten-
tion, I hope the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi will withdraw his motion to take up this
subject now. I would be willing that he should
take up his resolution, if it could be disposed of in
the time which he suggests, but 1 do not th^pk
that is possible; and I therefore prefer the sugges-
tion of the Senator from New Jersey, that we now
proceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to say, Mr. President,
that I think it is full time that we should come to
a final determination of this question, and say
whether or not this committee shall be appointed.
For myself, I see no necessity for a committee to
consider tfee question of the admission of Califor-
nia; but I think we ought to determine the matter
in one way or another, either by appointing the
committee, or by deciding that we will not appoint
it; and this question we ought to decide at once.
If the Senate decide that they will have a com-
mittee, it is desirable that the question should be
passed upon immediately, in order that we may
have an early report and early action upon the
subject. If this should not be determined upon, i
desire that we may proceed at once to the consid-
eration of the California bill. 1 can give no vote,
therefore, that looks to delay in this matter, and
which can have no result but that of wearing out
the Senate, without coming to any decision of the
question. 1 hope, therefore, that the Senate will
decide the point, either for or against the committee
at once.
Several Senators: Question—question.
Mr. CLAY. I am seldom in the habit of call-
ing for the yeas and nays, but I call for them now,
and I hope they will be ordered.
The yeas and rmya were ordered.
Mr. DOWNS. 1 am as anxious as the Senator
from Mississippi, or the Senator from Kentucky,
or any other Senator can possibly be, that this
question should be disposed of, and disposJd of
speedily. I have not delayed the disposition of it
by saying a single word upon it. But it is very
evident to me, and I think must be evident to
every Senator present, that it cannot be disposed
of now. However a majority of the Senate may
be disposed to dispatch this resolution forthwith,
it cannot be done without the unanimous action of
the Senate. Where, then, is the use ofattemptmg
to do a thing that cannot be done? What is the
state of things ? Here is a long string of amend-
ments to this resolution, each of which, in all
probability, will elicit debate, and there may be
twenty others proposed before the final question
is taken.  
Mr. FOOTE. If the honorable Senator from
Louisiana will allow me to interrupt him for a
moment, I think I can save him the necessity of
proceeding further with his remarks at present.
Some of us have thought it better to take up the
resolution to morrow, at half past twelve o'clock,
than to press it at this time. 1 therefore now only
desire that it may be taken up for the purpose of
making it the special order to-morrow.
Mr. DOWNS. That is just what I was going
to do.
Mr. FOOTE. I now move, Mr. President,
that this resolution be 'aken up for the purpose of
making it the special order of the day for to-mor-
row, at half-past twelve o'clock.
A Senator. The yeas and nays were ordered
on the question of taking up.
