<5w*"as "v— 
1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 17,
yond, perhaps, what is a reasonable current of
emigration to the other side of the Rocky Moun-
tains? We know that the emigration over land
already this year is stated to be near fifty thou-
sand, and that ten thousand of those persons are
said to be settlers for Oregon. There are attrac-
tions enough, either imaginary or real, to draw
to that country all the surplus population that
can be spaied from the Atlantic States. I ask
whether it is a wise policy to hold out inducements
to the people of the Atlantic States to transfer
themselves to the Pacific m greater numbers than
the natural attractions of the country there would
induce? We have the Territory of Minnesota
and other new Territories nearer to the Atlantic
States, and which would keep our population more
compact, but for the settlement of which no induce-
ments are held out by legislation. And when we
consider the fact, that the migration to the Pa-
cific Territories far surpasses, without other than
natural inducements, the migration which has ever
taken place to any other Territory of the United
States, and is altogether unsurpassed and un-
precedented, I can conceive of no propriety or
wisdom in a policy which would induce us to
stimulate still further that transfer of our pop-
ulation to the Pacific, by offering inducements
which have never been offered heretofore for
the settlement of any new Territory. I can
see a propriety in allowing to those who emi-
grated to Oregon during its early settlement a half
section of land. If they went there in the expec-
tation of receivihg it, and under the inducement of
bounty lands, held out by the bills which were
pending here [at the time, it is proper and right
that they should receive them. I do not, therefore,
propose to disturb the fourth section, which pro-
vides for all such, and also for all those who have
gone there since, and who may go there before :
the 1st December next; but the fifth section
proposes to go beyond that, and proposes to give
half a section to all who may go there within a
period of five years ensuing after the 1st Decem-
ber next. Now, do )?ou give that to California?
Do you propose to give it to Nebraska? Have
you given it to any Territory of the United
States? Do you give it to any of the States in
which the public lands lie ? I ask gentlemen to in-
dicate some reasons why the settlement of Oregon
should be stimulated beyond that of any other por-
tion of the country? Why turn the tide of emi-
gration to that Territory alone, and to none
other? If you say it is desirable that the Pacific
shore shall be populated, then why 'not give it
to California? Why confine it to Oregon, which'
has as many inducements to settlement as any of
these Territories? Why specially select Oregon
to be the recipient of this bounty, when you ex-
clude the other Pacific Territories which it is
equally desirable should be settled ? It is true, the
mines in California may offer a particular attrac-
tion there, but then the agricultural portions of
California offer no greater attraction than Oregon,
and, perhaps, not so good; bccause Oregon seems
to be a better agricultural country than Califor-
nia, and it is equally important that the agricultu-
ral portions of California should be settled as those
of Oregon. Why, then, is the distinction made? ;
Why give this advantage to one and not to the ;
other ? And why to the Pacific and not to the |
Atlantic Territories? I object to this special le- !
gislation. I hope the section will be stricken out,
and if it be desirable to stimulate the settlement of I
the public lands in the new Territories, let it be i
done by a general bill, which will open them for ;
settlement everywhere.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no fear that the motion I
of the Senator from Florida will prevail, and
hence I will not waste the time of the Senate by
giving the reasons which he culls for. But there
are very good and sufficient reasons existing for'I
givmg a greater quantity of land to actual settlers !j
in Oregon than m any other Territory. In the ■
first place, the extreme distance from the habita-
ble parts of the United States, and the great outfit '
necessary in order to reach that far-off Territory. !|
In other Territories of the United States that have |
been heretofore settled, we have been in the habit |
of giving one hundred and sixty acres of land to :
actual settlers. 1 hat was in territory contiguous I
to Spates, and not more than a day's ride*from !:
them; but here is aTemtory nearly three thousand j
miles off, and the young man who will go that !
distance, to say nothing of the adult who will go [j
there with his family, is certainly entitled to one
hundred and sixty acres of land. We propose
giving here only three hundred and twenty acres
of land to the citizen who goes there with his fam-
ily, and becomes an actual inhabitant of that
Territory; but the outfit necessary to reach the
spot where that privilege is to be enjoyed would
cost more than that quantity of land may be en-
tered for in several of the States in this Union.
Instead of three hundred and twenty acres under
such circumstances, being an extraordinary ad-
vantage, I really consider it less than the actual
settler is entitled to. I was under the impression,
until I read the provision this morning, that the
bill gave a section of land, and if i would vote for
the alteration of the section at all, it would be to in-
crease the quantity; for I think that as it stands it
gives to the actual settler very small compensation
indeed.
Mr. BENTON. The bill proposes, I believe,
to give only three hundred and twenty acres to
each family. Well, sir, six hundred and forty
acres is but a small donation to a family so far off
in the wilderness as these people are. We give a
quarter section to a single man "and half a section
to a family, and, I hope, widows, among the sin-
gle men. I think that a very small amount to
grant to people under such circumstances, and the
United States, in selling their lands to actual set-
tlers under such circumstances, sell it at the high-
est price which is known—for a higher price than
can be estimated in gold and silver put into the
Treasury. They get in return for it settlers who
will improve and defend the country, and who in
all time to come will furnish defenders, not only
for their own State, but for the service of the
country, and who by their productions are pro-
moting commerce and navigation, and bringing
money into the United States from customs. They
are paying a great price in the service which they
render to the country, and they are also paying
another great price in the privations and hardships
which they themselves endure. I am, therefore,
in favor of great liberality towards the settlers of
new countries; and of all the settlers of new coun-
tries that we have had, none have been entitled to
so much as the people of Oregon. They went to
the country and began the good work when we
were contending with a powerful foreign nation
for the title to the country. It was their occupancy
which forced the decision of the question from
which diplomatists and statesmen had been shrink-
ing. For more than a quarter of a century diplo-
matists and statesmen had been staving off the
question from year to year, but the pioneers of the
West went and took possession, and their taking
possession forced the decision of the question upon
the country. They conquered it from the savage.
We may say they conquered it from Great Brit-
am. They conquered it from the supineness and
timidity of legislators and diplomatists. They
conquered it, in every sense of the word, and they
are entitled to the gain. Oregon (without refer-
ence to other Territories) presents within itself the
highest of all earthly claims upon the considera-
tion and kindness of the American Congress, and
I shall vote for the largest amount that any gentle- j
man will vote for. :
Mr. DICKINSON. I concur entirely with the I
two Senators last up in regard to this matter. The !
greatest objection I have to it is that I think it not 1
enough. Oregon is now an organized Territory,
but when most of tht-se persons went there it was i
literally, as the old psalmody has it— '
" Where nothing dwelt but beast5 of prr v, !
And men as fierce and wild as they." " !
They went and reclaimed it. They brought it 1
under jaw and civilization, and to the United
States; they braved all the dangers of border life;
and if there are any people entitled to considera-
tion, and that a very liberal one, it is the people of
this Territory. The dangers of crossing the Rocky 1
Mountains, the hazards of border life and of savage ■
warfare, and the privations of thatdistant country '
have been borne by them, and they have well
earned all that it is proposed to give them.
Mr. BELL. 1 do not wish to detain the Senate
on this question, but it really strikes me that this
is running wild in a career m which we have run ■
wild before, or to some extent of late. 1 believe ■
that I have generally voted with the majority of.
the Senate liberally for donations of the puohc land !
and donations also to settlers, but 1 understand (
this bill not only to propose to make a donation of '
land to the old settlers, the pioneers in that coun-
try, but to propose also a donation of half a sec-
tion to all who may go there for the next five
years. Now, I can conceive that so far a3 the real
pioneers of the country—the first settlers, who
passed through so many difficulties, 30 many dan-
gers, perils, and privations, and who weie there
before there was the present inducements held out
to them, are concerned, there would be something
equitable and just in making a donation to them.
But when it is proposed to give a section to all
who are there now, it seems to me to be giving to
the full extent that either liberality or justice, in
any sense of the word, can demand at our hands-
i understand this proposition to be based on the
idea, adopted too by the Senator from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Badger,] that it is very difficult to get
settlers to go there, and that it is very desirable
that the population should be strengthened so as
to be able to defend themselves, as well as to in-
crease the general resources of the country, by
bringing under cultivation and making productive
immense districts, now a wilderness. Sir, is that
the fact? I should like to have the views of hon-
orable Senators on this point, since the discovery
of the riches found in the mountains of California;,
have you made a proper estimate of the value of
the Oregon Territory, of the cultivatable portion of
it? It is, I believe, one of the most adtanlageous
locations for all purposes of agriculture, and many
other branches of industry, now within the limits of
the United States, and holding out greater induce-
ments to settlers than any other portion of our unset-
tled domain. The riches to be found in the immense
forests accessible to navigation and exportation
from the ports of Oregon, and the immense demand
for lumber now existing in California, and which
must continue to exist there while perhaps this
Government stands, this alone will form a most
attractive inducement to any enterprising and hon-
est man who may desire to better his fortunes.
That is not all. They have perhaps a population
of one hundred and fifty thousand or two hundred
thousand in California, not the one hundredth part
of whom subsist by the cultivation of the soil, but
who depend on the adjacent countries for their con-
tinual, daily, monthly, and annual subsistence, in
a few years there will be half a million there*
and how many more years will it be before there
are two or three millions of inhabitants in that
country, with its mountains hundreds of miles in
length, and three or four in breadth, rich m their
golden deposits, and not one hundredth part of
them will ever seek to mend their fortunes or im-
prove their condition. They must depend on the
adjoining countries for their means of subsistence.
The flour, I understand, which now supplies Cal-
ifornia is drawn from the coast of Chili, and if I
am not misinformed in regard to Oregon, it is most
productive m wheat. It is immediately adjoining
California, with but a short navigation, and ac-
cessible at all seasons of the year. Thus, sir, there
is no portion of the agricultural districts of the
country that is at this moment better situated or
offering higher inducements to emigrants, than the
Territory of Oregon. Are not these inducements
enough, even if no deposits of gold are found to
invite emigration, without seeking to give away
this rich and valuable tenitory? 1 am aware that
any gentleman who takes such a course as this,
who opposes such a proposition as this, s oppo-
sing himself to the popular sentiment, and that any
gentleman who seeks thereby to gratify his ambi-
tion, and to run a popular career on this subject of
giving away the public lands, will find himself
overwhelmed by opposition. But, really,is it not
enough to give those who went there without the
inducements to which I have referred, and which
are already sufficient, a section of land ? The peo-
ple there are strong enough now to maintain them-
selves without any protection from the General
Government against the weak tribes on their bor-
ders; and is it not enough to be liberal to those
who went there without these inducements, who
had to incur the trials of early settlers, and who
well earned this gratuity from the Government?
Give them a section of land, if you please, but let
us not adopt this general policy ot stimulating set-
tlements by the giving away of our richest and
most valuable lands. My objection is founded on
the ground that there is no tie«-es&ity for this change
in our general policy. Let us be as liberal as we
have been heietofoie. Let us give to the pioneer
settlers, who have encountered all the hardships to
