1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
T4S
Rockwall, Rumstey, Schermcihom, Schoolcraft. Shepperd,
8ilv^*ler, Sp,luldjng, Spriifjue, A. H. Stephens, T Steven^,
T.ivlor, J B. Thompson, Thtirmaii, Toombs, Tuck, Under-
hill, Van f)vk«', vinfnn, Wafkins, William*, and Wmthrop,
Fin Mr Pnndle—Mc&srs. Conger, FowJet, Sackett, lleb-
ard, and Dickey,
For Mi. tataiicbury—Messrs. Allen,Durkee, Giddings, and
Hint.
For Mr. Clarke—Mr. Wilson.
So there was an election.
The SPEAKER declared that Richaru M.
Young, of the State of Illinois, was duly elected
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
On motion, the House then adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. CROWKLL: The petition of H. L. Carter and
otht i citizen.* "1 Bum held, Poitajje eountj, Ohio, piaj ni«
the rt diiction m po^ta^eio two cents on all prepaid letters
of hull an ounce.
AI>o, tin- petition of O. I5!nke and o lien, citizens of Brnn-
fieM, Portage connty, Ohio, pi a\ittg the rtpi-al of all lavvs
adapted by (Jouyress, andionzinj; or sanctioning slavery or
the *lav«' trade t,t the cnv of Washington and District of
Colum id, and ii not repealed, that the seat of Government
he ri-inovfd to *.ome mor.-* -unable* place
Ai*o, the petition of Samu' j Hasting-) and others,citizen?
of lJninfiejd, I'm ta^e countv. Ohio, pia\ n<!$ tlie prohibition of
tlavi ry and the «lavv trado by act of Cong baa, in all tiic
terntone* ot the United States.
ANo, the pennon of Orvil Blake and other', citizens of
JBrimfitld, Poirage count), Ohio, pravnur the prohibition ot
slaver) HI ail States hereafter admitted into the Union.
Al-o, tne pennon ot William R. K-l*oand other*,citizens
of Bunifield, Portage counU , Ohio, pravmj: the iept a) of all
law* adopted hy Conures*, autiioiiziiiy .-lavery and the slave
tictde in tiie city of Washington and Diotuct ol Columbia,
and if not repealed.that the statof Government be removed
to some more *uitabu place.
By Mr. BISSHLL- Tne petition of H A. Wenz and others;,
citizt-n* ol U.umey, Illinois.. prawng ior a reduction in tile
rate- of po*ia^e to two cent* on prepaid letter*
AIm , the petitionofT.il. JoIiumih and others, citizens
of Ad.iin* county, Illinois, praymu tor the repeal of all
laws ! am riontng slavery and the >lave trade in the District
of Columbia, or that the <eat of Government be removed to
some more t-miable location.
A'*o, the petition of the same, prajmir for the abolition of
the slave trade in the territories o! the United States.
AI*o, the petition ot the same, against the adniis&ion of
any more vlaveholduig Slates into the Union.
Al*o, the petition of William A. Prentiss and others, citi-
zens of the county of Adams, in the State of illinoi*, ptay-
person-- claimed a& fugitive slaves may have the
right of tnal by iury.
Al-<>, the petition of Labon G. Jones and other*, citizens
of Periy count), lilimn*, pr.iymjr tor the removal uf the
Kds-knskia land office, to Pmkneyvillc
AUo, the petition ot Jelleiaon Alien and otners, for the
same object.
Al-o, ti,e petition of John C. Huey and others, for the
same object.
By Mr. SPAULD3NG: Tiie petition of D Tilhnghast and
90 othet members of the bar, and 4 judges in western New
York, for a judical district and court of the United States
to be e^tabli.shtd in western .Yew Yoik.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Buffalo for the
pa-'snye of a law allowing Ameiican-huilt ve-sela that may
hy any mean* become the propeitvof foreigners, or obtain
a foreign rt gistry, to he registered in this country a« Ameri-
can vt.'Sels upon their again becoming the properly of
Atneriean citizen
Bv Mr. BIKHVNF, of Mississippi: The petition of John
M. Dutiield tor compensation f<<r suvice* performed for
tHe United States dining the late war with Mexico.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April IT, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the fol-
lowing Senators as the select committee on the me-
morial of Mr. Eliet: Messrs. Corwin, Cj.ay,,
Bright, Bell, Davis of Mississippi, and Downs.
Mr. BUTLER presented the credentials of the
Hon. Franklin H. Elmore, appointed by the
Governor of .South Carolina to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the death of the Hon. John C.
Calhoun, until the next meeting of the Legisla-
ture of said State; which were read and ordered to
lie on the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hold in my hand,
and have been requested to present to the Senate,
a petition from a highly respectable source, name-
ly, " the Pennsylvania Society for promoting the
abolition of slavery, the relief of feee negroes un-
lawfully held in bondage, and for improving the
condition of the African lace."
The memorial represents, that this was the first
institution established in America for the advocacy
of the rights of the oppressed descendants of Af-
rica; that it dates its origin as far back as the year
1775; and that among the early members of the
society were seveialof the fathers of the Republic.
They further represent, that, guided by the wise
counsels of such men as Franklin, Rush, Wistar,
Pemberton, Rawie, Shipley, Parrish, arid other
eminent advocates of human rights, they have
never favored violent or aggressive measures, but
have sought, by all peaceableand justifiable means,
to promote justice and mercy toward the oppressed
race on whose behalf they now ask the favorable
interposition of Congress. They further repre-
sent, that their voice has often been raised in the
legislative halls of the country, m appeal or remon-
strance on the same account; and now, when a
momentous crisis has arrived, which threatens the
peacc and stability of the Union, they cannot re-
;t main silent.
i; They therefore ask you to prevent, by your ac-
i• tion, the further extension of slavery, by attach*
!{ ing to any bill for the government of the ternto-
, ries of the United Stales, the ordinance of 1787,
more recently known as the Wilmot proviso.
;■ They also pray, in which 1 most cordially con-
;; cur, as 1 doubt not do many other Senatois, that
|! we bring to a speedy close the protracted debate
i| which has so unhappily agitated both Houses of
Congress, by the immediate admission of Caltfor-
[] nia into the Union, with her present boundaries
1! and constitution.
They further express the hope, in which I trust
we all concur, that in the adjustment of these great
questions we do rise above all party and sectional
feelings, and, rejecting all compromises with injus-
tice and wrong, promote not only the piesent wel-
fare, but the permanent peace arid greatness of our
beloved country.
The petition was received, and ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. HALE also presented a petition of citizens
of New Hamp^hne, and a petition of citizens ot
Rhode Island, asking a reduction of the lates of
postage; which weie leferred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, two petitions fi om citizens of New Hamp-
shire, and a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking that no State may hereafter be admitted
whose constitution does not expressly prohibit
slavery within its limits; which were ordered to
he on the table.
Also, two petitions from citizens of New Hamp-
shire, a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
and.a petition from citizens of Wisconsin, asking
that slavery and the slave tiade may be prohibited
by law in all the lerutones of the United States.
Also, two petitions from citizens of New Hamp-
shire, and a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking that the right of trial by jury may he
secured to fugitive slaves arrested in any other
State than where their scrvice is claimed
Also, two petitions from citizens of the same
States, asking that slavery and the slave trade may
be abolished in the District of Columbia, or the
seat of Government removed therefrom; all of
which petitions were ordeied to lie on the table.
Also, a petition from citizens of Newport, Nes^
Hampshire, asking the adoption of measures for
the adjustment of international controversies by
arbitration; which was ordered to he on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition, M^ned by
592 citizens of Rochester, Monroe county, New
York, setting foi t h that they have learned with sur-
prise and deep sorrow, that it is in the contempla-
tion of Congress to pass a law by which the car-
rying into effect the provisions of the law of 1793,
for tiie recapture of fugitive slaves, will be ren-
dered more sti indent and obligatory on the free
citizens of the northern States, and expressing the
hope that the bill may not be passed, since such
an enactment would be contrary to the law of God
and natuie, concerting sympathy for the suffering
into a enme, rendering the univer&ally-acknow I-
edged virtue of hospitality an offence against the
State, and setting a premium upon wrong and
inhumanity; which was read and oidered to lie on
the table.
Also, two petitions from citizens of New York,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be
prohibited by law m ail the territories of the United
States.
Also, petitions from citizens of the same State,
asking that the right of tnal by jury may be se-
cured to fugitive slaves when arretted m any other
State than that in which their servicc is claimed.
Also, a pennon of Benjamin P. Rogers and
William Ii. Home, asking the adoption of a plan i
for the prospective abolition of slavery and the |
slave trade in the District of Columbia, and th'e
prohibition of slavery in the territories of the Uni-
ted States; all of which said petitions were ordered
to lie on the table. •
Mr. MORTON presented the memorial of
Charles Byrne and A. H. Cole, for themselves
and other proprietors of a tract of land in the
Slate of Florida, claimed under a Spanish grant,
asking that they may be allowed to prove*their
title under the act of 93d May, 1828; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr RUSK presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Texas, instructing their Senators and re-
questing their Representatives m Congress to use
t heir exei tions to procure the adoption of rweaSuies
by the Government of the United States with the
Republic of Mexico, for the mutual surrender of
fugitives from service or criminals escaping from
either country in the territories of the other*, which
wai ordered to he on the table and be printed.
Also, a resolution from the same, and with the
same instructions, in favor of an appropriation for
the erection of a light-house or light-boat at Brazos
Santiago, and at the mouth of the Rio Grande;
which weie oidered to lie on the table arid be
printed.
Also, from the same, and with like instructions,
in favor of the enactment of a law extending the
civil and criminal jurisdiction of the State of Texas
over the Red river; which was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Also, a resolution of the same, wilh like instruc-
tions, in favor of a law establishing an additional
district court of the United States in that State;
which was laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a resolution of thesame, with like instruc-
tions, in favor of the passage of a law placing ihe
names of the survivois of those who were wounded
in the revolutionary struggle of that Suite, and the
names of ihe widows and oiphansof ihose who
were killed or died of wounds received in that
struggle, upon the pension roll of the United
States ; winch was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition from citi-
zens of New Sharon, in the State of Maine, asking
that no State may heieafcer be admitted whose con-
stitution does notexpiessly prohibit slavery within
its limits.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same place,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be
prohibited in all the territories of the United
States.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same place,
asking that the light of trial by jury m*ry be se-
cured by law to fugitive slaves arrested in any
other State than that in which their service is
claimed.
Also, a petition from citizens of the same place,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be
abolished in the District of Columbia; all of which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD piesented a petition from
citizens of Hopkins county, Kentucky, asking the
establishment of a mail-route from Hopkmsville
to Greenville, in thatState; which was leferred to
the Committee on the Post OlH< e and Post Roads.
Also, the memot lal from the heirs of Isaac Shel-
by, asking compensation for the services of their
ancestor m lhe war of the Revolniton ; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition from cki*
zens of Rhode Island, asking a reduction of tiie
rates of postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE piesenud the petition of Fernando
A. Underwood and II. H. Crane, heirs of John
Underwood, deceased, asking the confirmation of
his title toceitain lands m the State of Florida;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Also, the memorial of Wm. H. Payne, in be-
half of himself and a company of Florida volun-
teers commanded by him m the Seminole war,
asking compensation fortheir services; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. CASS,
Orrfertd, That the memorial of John A. Bryan, on the files
of the Senate, beiclerred lo the Cunmuitee on Military
Afiaus.
REPORTS fROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAViS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
