1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
a question has been taken viva voce or by tellers,
in case no other question had intervened. I do
not make any point on the subject, but only sug
gest it as a mode of getting over the difficulty.
Mr. DICKINSON. That cannot be the rule,
because according to that the yeas and nays
might be taken on a question after other business
had intervened.
Mr. WINTHROP. But here no question has
intervened.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would state that
no question was pending when the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Dawson] called for the yeas and
nays. When a question is pending, under the
Constitution one fifth of the Senate can order the
yeas and nays. But the yeas and nays cannot be
ordered on a question that is not pending, which
has been disposed of by the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. Can I now renew the amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Geor-
gia can effect his object, by proposing to strike out
other words than were proposed in the original
amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I move to strike out
"the first day of December, 1855," and insert
" the fourth day of March, 1852 and I ask the
yeas and nays on it.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays, on
the amendment, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Ber-
rien, Butler, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mis-
sisaifipi, Dawson, Dayton, Ewmg, Greene, Hunter, King,
Mangum, Mason, Morton, Pratt, Sebastian, Smith, Sprii-
ancp, Turney, Underwood, Walker, and Yulee—26.
NAY3— Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bright, Cass, Chase,
Cooper, Diekinaon, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Feleh, Foote, Fremont, Hale, Hamlin,
Houston, Jones,Norns, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Soul6, Stur-
geon, Wales, and Wiuthrop—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BADGER. I now move to strike out
<( five" and insert " three." This will allow until
1853, which is, I think* a reasonable allowance.
And on the amendment I call for the yeas and
nays.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, JBamwell,
Bell, Berrien, Butler, Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts,
D<ivis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayton, Ewmg, Foote,
Greene, Hunter, King, Mangum, Mason, Morton, Pratt,
Sebastian, Smith, Sould, Spruance, Turney, Underwood,
Walker, and Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Bright, Cas-*, Chase, Cooper,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Fr6inont, Hate, Hamlin, Houston, Jones,
Notns, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Sturgeon, Wales, Whit-
comb,and Wmthrop—24.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. YULEE. As the amendment will prob-
ably be considered by the Senate somewhat in the
light of a compromise, the probability is that the
motion which 1 made, and which is now pending,
will not be adopted. I will not put the Senate to
the trouble of taking a vote on it, but will with-
draw my motion to strike out the fifth section of
the bill.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, this bill, as I
am informed, is a precedent which is about to be
established for giving away the public lands in the
Territories to actual settlers. I doubt the justice
and propriety of giving them away at all. But if
they are to be given to actual settlers as a dona-
tion, it seems to me that this donation should at
least be restricted to citizens of the United Stales.
There is a provision in the fifth section of this
bill which proposes to give lands equally to aliens
as to citizens. It is that provision which provides
that this land shall be granted to " all white male
citizens of the United States or persons emigrating
from the United States who shall have made dec-
laration of intention to become such."
The FRES1 DENT. The words "emigrating
from the United States" have been stricken out.
Mr. MASON. Then land is to be granted to
" all white male citizens of the United States, and
all persons who shall have made a declaration of
intention to become such." So, according to this
bill, aliens, on arriving in the United States, and
declaring their intention to become citizens, may
receive this land. 1 move to strike out the words
" and all persons who shall have made declaration
to become such."
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope this amendment
will not prevail. The language now in the bill is
precisely the language of all our preemption laws.
1 trust we are not going to show any hostility at
this late day to foreign emigration, when foreign-
ers desire to become actual settlers in the new
Territories. The language of the bill as it now
stands is precisely the language of all our preemp-
tion laws. 1 trust the Senate will vote down the
amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator from
Iowa is correct in saying that the language of the
bill is like all other bills of the same character. If
this amendment prevails, the title of the bill will
have to be amended so as to be entitled, "A bill
granting land to actual settlers, and prohibiting
persons who have been born without the limits of
the United States from participating in any of the
benefits derivable under this bill." It is proper
that the Senate should understand this before vo-
ting on the amendment. I would not myself vote
for a system that gave lands away indiscriminately
to all the citizens of the Old World. But when
they come here in good faith, intending to make
this their home, proposing to follow agricultural
pursuits, making, as I know they do, the best of
citizens, I am in favor of extending to them the
benefits of this law.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I think the
analogy to which both the gentleman from Iowa
and the gentleman from Indiana alluded wholly
fails. Preemption rights are not gifts. They are
not gratuities. They only afford some facilities
for settlement. But the lands have to be paid for.
This is an entirely different thing. If it were not
too late in the day to go into a discussion of the
question ef power, I should like to know where
any Senator will find the power to make a dona-
tion ad libitum to all the refuse of the Old World that
may choose to seek this country as an asylum.
But I will not be guilty of raising the question of
power at this time, for now we find power to do
what we desire to do. I have seen no instance to
the contrary in my experience, which is not now,
by any means, very short. I shall certainly vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Virginia,
holding it to be in accordance with sound princi-
ples and good policy.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, no principle
of this kind has been established by any previous
law or action of Congress. What are the induce-
ments that we are holding out now to foreigners in
order to get clear of our public lands, and take
them away from the women and children of this
country? You extend the time when you will
grant for three years. During these three years
the information will go all over the continent of
Europe. Foreigners will throw themselves into
your country, and as soon as they land make a
declaration of intention to become citizens. Be-
fore the three years expire the whole of your im-
mense lands will be gone. They will turn loose
their whole population, and especially their pau-
per population. Look at the inducements. Three
hundred and sixty acres of land! For what?
What service have they rendered to the country?
Have they served in the defence of the country ?
Have they paid a dollar of taxation ? Where do
the millions come from that you expend in the
purchase of these lands ? They come from your
citizens who have been here from the found-
aiion of your Government up. And when the
land is brought in, scarcely a dollar is returned to
the Treasury, but it is given away to those who
come from foreign countries, the only condition
being that they shall declare their intention to be-
come citizens.
Mr. President, this bill will add to these steam-
ships and their owners an immense fortune in
transporting men, women, and children. Our sea-
shores will be covered with foreigners who arrive
here, and they will make their way to your public
lands; because the citizen of New Hampshire or
Georgia, who is fixed to his location by birth, be-
ing stationed there with all the conveniences of
life around him, with all the advantages which
have grown up by his industry, cannot leave his
home. He must stay there, and must pay for
purchasing the land for the benefit of foreigners.
1 have looked upon this state of things; and it has
been to me a most unpleasant source of reflection.
I repeat what I have said before, that we proceed
here too much upon a disposition to gratify those
whose votes are wanted. The old thirteen States,
who have done more for this country and more to
sustain it, with the assistance of the new States,
since they have come into this Union, pay a great
proportion of the expenses, and receive none of
the benefits of the public lands. The public lands
are going from us. And when we cannot find our
own countrymen willing to emigrate to Oregon,
we advertise to the world, and tell people that if
they come here within three years, from any part
of this globe—if they only signify their intention
to become citizens, which they may never con-
summate, they will get three hundred and sixty
acres of the public lands. And what is the reason
which is given for this? It is that you want to
increase the population of the country, when it is
increasing with sufficient rapidity. And to in-
crease it how? By taxing your people to buy
land to give away to these people—the paupers of
the world. And if a Senator stands up and speaks
in favor of the rights of his own countrymen and
of his own section, he is called illiberal,
I do not blame my friends from the new States
for having a disposition to encouiage, because they
settle their States more rapidly. But never en-
courage them to such an extent as to give them
privileges which your own native-born citizens
cannot enjoy. In three years it will be advertised
in every paper on the continent of Europe; and
the publication will be circulated most rapidly by
all persons interested in steam navigation or in sail
navigation. And why? In order that they may
load their ships with the paupers of Europe; and
the governments of Europe will even make an ap-
propriation to get the paupers away from them,
when they are to be provided for in this asylum of
the whole world with three hundred and sixty
acres of land, merely by making a declaration of
intention to become a citizen.
Mr. President, we ought to consider these things.
We ought to act upon them. And no gentleman
ought to consider me illiberal in relation to foreign-
ers. It is not so. I descend immediately from a
foreigner. But I have no idea of oppressing our
people for the benefit of the population which is
induced to come to this country.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Georgia is
entirely mistaken about this bill. The title to the
land in the foreigner cannot be completed until his
naturalization is completed.
Mr. BENTON. That is just what I was going
to say.
Mr. DAWSON. What limit is there as to the
time? How long will it take for the purpose of
taking out naturalization papers?
Mr. BENTON. Five years.
Mr. DAWSON. From the time that he signi-
fies his intention to become'a citizen of the United
States ?
Mr. BENTON. He cannot obtain a patent until
he has been m the United States five years.
Mr. DAWSON. But he can hold the land until
the five years come round.
Mr. MASON. As the bill now stands in that
section, all who are citizens of the United States
may partake of this bounty; but he must be
a citizen of the United States to enable him to do
so. The Senator from Indiana is mistaken in say-
ing that the provision will exclude all who are for-
eign born. The bill admits all who are citizens of
the United States; but if that amendment is not
adopted, one who is not a citizen of the United
States will go upon the public lands and receive a
donation from it, and enjoy it as his own. Now,
the naturalization laws require not only a prelim-
inary declaration to become a citizen, and he
cannot become a citizen until five years have ex-
pired , but he must, at the end of the five years, bring
evidence that he has conducted himself as a good
and orderly citizen; he must have evidence fur-
nished of his good character. The policy of the
naturalization laws will not admit those to citizen-
ship who have not acquired such a character as
will enable their neighbors to say that they will
be good citizens. Yet the bill, in the face of that,
will allow any one to receive a donation of these
lands.
Sir, I have no hostility whatever to naturalized
citizens. I welcome all alike, if they have com-
plied with the law so that they may stasd on an
equal footing. Let them enjoy the land if it is to
be given away; but till they do become citizens, I
see no propriety in it.
Mr. FELCH. I merely desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a provision contained in the
4th section of the bill, in the 34th line. It is there
provided;
<< That no alien shall be entitled to a patent to land, do-
nated by this act, until he shall have produced to the sur-
