1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 17,
veyor general of Oregon record evidence that bis nat-
uritizairoii as a ciIiacii of the United States has been
completed."
This provision of coarse covers the very case
intended by the motion to strike out, proposed by
the Senator from Virginia. The title of the alien
to the land cannot be perfected until his naturaliza-
tion has been completed.
Mr. BERRIEN. I rose to make an inquiry of
gentlemen acquainted with the details of this bill.
1 understand that a party who has made a decla-
ration of his intention to become a citizen of the
United States is entitled to take three hundred and
twenty acres of land. He may take possession of
it, and enjoy it; but he cannot obtain his patent
until he has become a citizen. Now, I wish to
know if there is any time limited in the bill within
which he is required to execute his intention to
become a citizen? If not, he has a title which is
perfect, whether he obtains a patent or not. I ask
for information.
If that question cannot be answered so as to re-
move the objection which necessarily results from
a statement of fact, then the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Virginia ought to receive the
concurrence of the (Senate.
Mr. FELCH. There is not any limitation as
to time in the bill. The two portions of the bill
are to be construed together. It is manifest that
the title would not be perfect until a patent has
issued, because the issue of the patent is provided
for by the full and perfect right of the person oc-
cupying the premises Although he might have
possession, he could not exercise the usual rights
of ownership. He could not have a perfect title
so as to convey the land until his naturalization is
completed.
Mr. BERRIEN. If there be no limitation as
to time, as the Senator from Michigan says, within
which this declaration of intention must be carried
into execution; if he be permitted, upon a mere dec-
laration of that intention, to be put m possession
of land, he has an aosolute title in which no law
can disturb him. But whatever right of posses-
sion he has, as there is no limitation to the transfer,
he may transfer it to another. I had supposed,
when the motion was first made, that there was
some specification of a time within which the natu-
ralization must be perfected. But, suppose the
five years should run out which are provided by
the naturalization law, and the party should apply
to become a citizen and his application f-hould be
rejec:ed by the court, on the ground that there
was not sufficient evidence that he was worthy of
being naturalized, it would still be in his power to
renew his application; so that one of two things
ought to occur: either the ampndment of the
Senator from Virginia ought to prevail, or there
should be a prescribed limit, within which the ori-
ginal declaration of intention should be carried into
execution.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I do not think the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia ought to
prevail under any circumstanccs. I made the as-
sertion when 1 was up before, that the language of
this bill was precisely the language used in the last
preemption law which was passed by Congress.
It will be borne in mind by all who are familiar
■with the matter, that there never was any require-
ment that a foreigner, on coming here, should even
file any declaration of his intention to become a
citizen, until the enactment of the law of 1841.
The tenth section of that law enacts:
" That from and afu:r the parage of this act, every per-on
being the head of a famiiy, or widow, or smijip man, over,
the age of twenty-one year*, and being a citizen of the
United States, or having filed hib declaration of intention to
become a citizen, as required by the naturalization Jaws,
who since the first day of June, A. 0. eiaht<vn hundted and
fortj*. has made or shall hereaUer make a settlement in per-
son on public lands," &c.
That was the first time in the history of the
legislation of this country, with reference to the
public lands, that the settler was required to de-
clare his intention to become a citizen. Sir, I
know that I have myself, as register of the land
office granted hundreds of preemption rights to
foreigners who settled in Iowa, according to the
provisions of this law, but who never declared
their intention of becoming citizens of the United
S:ates; and they were as good citizens and as
good men as ever settled in the United States.
More than that, I know that those who set-
tled in Wisconsin in 1831 and 183*3 were many
of them Irishmen who never knew that they were
required to file their intentions to become citizens;
and yet these men fattened the land with their
blood, paid taxes, worked the roads, and did
everything that any citizens of the United States
could do.
I hope this new and anomalous amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. CASS. I do not see in this bill any limita-
tion as to time; but as a practical measure it ap-
pears to me to be one of the most useless. Here
you require a foreigner to make a declaration of
his intention to become a citizen of the United
States. He goes upon a piece of land and gets
possession, and begins to make his improvements.
Now, I ask the Senator from Georgia if he sup-
poses there will be one case in ten thousand in
which a man will not only file his declaration but
complete his naturalization? He will do it in order
to perfect his title, if for no other reason. We all
know that foreigners do not rely upon possessory
titles, or upon the construction which lawyers may
give to an act of Congress. The foreigner wants
his patent with the big seal upon it, so that he can
have the satisfaction of knowing that he is secure.
Where is the man who, after having made his im-
provements, would not be anxious to take out his
patent? He would be instigated by his possession
of the land to complete his naturalization, and
above all by the desire to perfect his title. I have
no objection to a limitation; but I really see no
useful end that it will accomplish.
Mr. BERRIEN. 1 desire to say a single word
for the purpose of noticing the want of analogy
between the right granted in this case and the
right of preemption. This is a bounty, a dona-
tion. The party acquiies his possessory title
simply by the act of declaring his intention, which
he may or may not execute, retaining for an un-
limited time that possessory title. The Senator
from Michigan tells me that there is no objection
to this limitation of time, but that practically there
is no use in it, because the parties will in all
cases endeavor to obtain their patents. It seems
not to be understood by the Senator from Michi-
gan, judging from the remark he has made, that a
possessory title is an available title, and cannot be
disturbed. I do not know whether this is gener-
ally understood in the Western country, but I
suppose the people understand their rights there as
well as the people elsewhere. But the argument
is founded upon this fact, that heretofore persons
who have settled upon the public lands, have been
anxious to perfect their titles by the obtaining of
patents. No doubt persons who go upon the pub-
lic lan'ds, exercising the rights given them by the
preemption law, would beanxious to perfect their
titles, because they have paid their money for the
lands. It is a privilege of purchase which is given
to the preemptioner. But the proposition em-
braced in this bill is a mere privilege of accepting
bounty, and by it men will save their money. If
they had paid their money for the land, that would
be an evidence of their intention to carry out their
declaration. If a man comes and takes land and
pays for it under requirements of the preemption
law, that is an evidence of his intention; but if
you allow a man to go upon the soil and have a
good title without paying; anything for it, you
leave him without any limits as to time when that
dec!a«at>on shall he perfected.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. MASON. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall vote against this
amendment of the Senator from Virginia, as I
am sure every Senator would who might have
taken the trouble to go into the Western States
and see how they are colonized. I shall refer to
Wisconsin for illustration. I think it is now four-
teen years since the State of Wisconsin, or what
is now the State of Wisconsin, contained a pop-
ulation of only about five thousand souls, then
organized as a Territory, together with Iowa, under
the care of the honorable Senator [Mr. Dodge]
as its Governor. In the space of fifteen years
Wisconsin has grown to be a State, numbering
four hundred thousand people, which is a popula-
tion nearly equal to one seventh part of the popu-
lation of the greatest State in the Union. Any
peison who has visited that region cannot have
failed to see that, in all which goes to constitute
the elements of political strength and wealth, of
moral and political power, it is worthy of being
ranked among the most prosperous and happy
communities in the world.
Now, sir, 1 think if a census were taken so as to
discriminate between those of foreign birth, and
those who are natives of the United States, there
would be found among the whole population of
Wisconsin one half who by birth areNforeigners.
And yet I think no community on earth shows
more of industry and thrift, and gives higher evi-
dence of social improvement and of republican
loyalty and patriotism. It is upon such observa-
tions as these that I have adopted the conclusion^
that the welfare of this country required that the
invitation, if I may call it so, should be freely ex-
tended to foreigners, and that the privilege should
be allowed to them as well as to our own citizens
to fill up the lands of the West, and that the more
speedily they shall be so filled up the better.
Mr. BADGER, His not the purpose of this
amendment to make any discrimination between
the inhabitants of this country on account of their
birthplace. That is not the object. It looks to
no such thing. It cannot be interpreted to mean
any such thing. The only purpose of the amend-
ment is to confine the bounty which is intended to
be given to the citizens of the United States. With
reference to their birthplace, they are all upon an
equal footing the moment they consummate their
allegiance to this Government. That is the object
of the amendment, and not to make any invidious
discrimination between persons born on the soil
and persons born elsewhere, and becoming com-
mon fellow-citizens with those born on the soil.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There are two sections
in this bill which ought to be noticed. The fourth
section gives to foreigners who are now located in
the Territory of Oregon the land which it provides
for actual settlers. They are entitled to all the
benefit which any other person derives who has
been subjected to all the disadvantage of commen-
cing an early settlement in that Territory. Now,
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia does
not propose to interfere with that section. It leaves
the foreigners now in the Territory to enjoy the
benefit of the fourth section of the bill. It is the
fifth section to which the amendment of the Sena-
tor applies; and that is, to authorize all those who
may hereafter become quasi citizens, who may
emigrate from theOld World and settle in this, and
make their declaration to become citizens—it is to
authorize them to receive a tract of land, provided
they will go hereafter and locate themselves there.
Now, I am not willing to give that bounty to
those who hereafter may come to the country and
immigrate there. I am willing to let those who
are now in the country have the benefit of the
fourth section, bccause of the difficulties they have
had in getting there and in settling themselves \n
a wild country; but to hold out a bounty in behalf
of those who may come to the country from Eu-
ji rope in preference to our own citizens, gj-ving them
ll equal advantages, and thus opening the doors of
II the poor-houses of ail Europe to flood us with then*
jj paupers, is a proposition that I cannot agree to.
J It offers too stiong an inducement for foreign cor-
;! porations to provide the means of emigration for
these people who are to receive a bounty when
they come heie. To this I am opposed. I wish
a distinction to be drawn between the fourth sec-
tion, which gives to those people who went there
early, and before the country was settled, the ad-
vantages which this bill provides, and the fifth
section, which opens so wide a door for the ad-
mission of paupers from Europe hereafter. We
ought to close that door; and I think we may as
well closse it now as at any other time.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, with the following results
YE IS—Messi*. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Barnwell,
Bell, Berrien, Claike, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis oi
Mississippi, Ditwaoiij D.i\ ion, Greene, Hunter, King, M.m-
gum. Mtwon, Morion, Piatt, Sebastian, Spruance, l'urney,
Underwood, ami Wales—23
NAYS—Messrs. Denton, Briaiii, Ca?s, Cl*a*e, D ck«n«on,
Dod^e of \\ l-consln, Dodsre of Iowa, Douglas. Foot*;,
Fremont, Hamlin, Houston, Jones, Norn-. Rti<k, Seward,
Shields, Simlli,Soule, Sturgeon, Walker, Wlutcoml), Win-
tlirop, and Yuiee—25.
So the amendment was not asreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I will now offer an amendment,
to which I presume there will be no objection.
The gold region extends into Oreeon, and I pre-
sume it is not the purpose of the Senate to grant
the mineral lands in these proposed bounties. [
propose to except them. The amendment 1 offer
is this:
