18-18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 17,
NAY-"—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Barnwell,
Bell, Berrien, Bright, Butler, Cass, Cooper, Davi*. nt'Massa-
chu^eits, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Davton, Dickinson,
Dodge ol Iowa, Douglas Downs, Ewing, Fdeh, Foon-, Fi£-
mont, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jonp<, King, Man-
gum, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pratt, Ku^k, Seb^tian,
Shields, Smith, Soute, Sprunnce, Sturgeon. Turney, Under-
wood, Wales, Wbitcomb, Wmthrop, and Yulee—45.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I now renew the amendment
which I offered when the bill was under consider-
ation by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
which is to strike out from the 5th section the
words, " or persons who shall have made a decla-
ration of intention to become such."
The yeas and nays being demanded and ordered,
they were taken with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Barnwell,
Bell, Berrien, Butler, Claikt', Daviouf Ma?snclMiscti?i, Uavis
of Mississippi, Dawson, Ewm«, Gr«en, Hunter, Kina, Man-
gum, Mason, Morion, Pratt, Sebastian, Spruance, Turney,
Underwood, and Wales— 24.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Brisbf, Cass, Chase, Cnoppr,
Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dod«e of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Foote, Fremont, Han.Itn, Houston, Jones,
Norna, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soul6, Sturgeon,
Walker, Whitcoinb, and Yulee—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question was then taken on ordering the
amendments to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House of Representatives returned to the
Senate the bill to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation for pay and mileage of members of Con-
gress for.the present stssion, with a communica-
tion that the House insists on its third amendment
in relation to the mileage of Senators and members
from California, which had been disagreed to by
the Senate, and asks for a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, of which man-
agers had been appointed on its part.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate
concurred in the appointment of a committee of
conference, and Messrs. Dickinson, Benton, and.
Badger, were appointed managers on its part.
SLAVE TRADE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The bill to suppress the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia was returned from the House of
Representatives with an announcement that the
House had passed it without an amendment.
SWAMP LANDS IN AKANSAS.
A message was received from the Houvse of Rep-
resentatives informing the Senate that the House
had passed the bill to enable the State of Arkansas
and other States to reclaim the swamp and over-
flowed lands within their limits, with several amend-
ments.
On the motion of Mr. FOOTE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the amendments.
The first amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing words in the first section: " known and
designated on the p{ats of the General Land Office
as swamp lands," and to insert in lieu thereof the
words *' made unfit thereby for cultivation."
The second amendment was in the fifth ime of
the fourth section, after the word " swamp," to in-
sert the words "and overflowed."
Mr. FOOTE. These amendments are excellent,
and I trust they will be concurred in by the Senate. |
Mr. DAWSON. I hope this matter will be 1
permitted to lie over. I wish to look into the sub-
ject. I move to postpone it till to-morrow. ;
Mr. FOOTE. i hope not. There is really no ■
necessity for it. If the bill is laid over, 1 know it
will cost us a week's discussion; for 1 believe this
is one of the favorite subjects of the Senator from \
Georgia. The amendments are not very material, !
and only go to attain the ohject of the bill as it [
was originally explained by those who advocated j
it, and as opposed by those who were hostile to it |
when it was before under consideration by this j
body. I hope the Senate will agree to the amend- i
ments proposed by the House of Representatives, 1
and that the bill may be finally disposed of in this j
way
Mr. UNDERWOOD.
have we to determine what are swamp lands?
How shall that be known? Let us take a little
time to consider these amendments.
Mr. MANGUM. I understand, Mr. President,
and I derive my information from a member of
the other House, who voted for the amendments
through a mistake—that the practical effect of the
amendments will be, that instead of having an un-
erringcriterionat the Land Office by which we. may
designate one quality of land from another, there
will be included in the lands to which the amend-
ments may apply all that may be overflowed once
in ten years.
Mr. FOOTE. It says lands not subject to cul-
tivation.
Mr. MANGUM. If that be the case it will
include those lands m the valley of the Mississippi
which are overflowed in the highest freshets. I
hope the bill will lie over for the present.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This is a bill
which has been passed through the Senate. If
Senators do not understand it now, they should
have understood it before the bill passed. The
amendments which have been made by the House
restrict rather than enlarge the provisions of the
bill as it was passed by"the Senate. This term,
"overflowed land," is a technical expression in
the Land Office. It means those lands which the
surveyor cannot survey on account of its being
low and marshy, and it is therefore returned by
the surveyors as "overflowed." That is the
character of the land which has heretofore been
granted to the State of Louisiana In regard to
that part of Mississippi to which the Senator fiom
North Carolina refers, his argument utterly fails
to apply; because there is no vacant land there.
We have land there which overflows m time of
extreme freshets; but if the Senator should go
there, and undertake to buy it, he would find that
he would have to pay fifty or a hundted dollars
per acie for it. It is all occupied as private prop-
erty, and I think he must pass the mouth of the
Arkansas river before he will find one acre of the
public lands. That is not the character of the land
to be affected by this bill. It is the low swamp
land, remote from the river; that which is not sold
and probably will not be sold. It is upon the
smaller streams in the interior. I think it may be
that a betier class of lands would be included by
the phiase "swamp lands," which was adopted
by the Senate; as it 13 a phrase of much larger
conetiuction than the phrase " overflowed lands."
These are lands which have never been surveyed,
and which the Government never attempts to sur-
vey. 1 see no good reason why, if the Senjte
were well advised when the bill was passed before,
we should hesitate about concurring in the amend-
ments which have been made by the House, as
they rather restrict the bill which we passed.
( Mr. MANGUM. It is precisely for the reason
intimated by the Senator from Mississippi that 1
i desire further consideration of this matter; because
j I do not understand these technicalities, and the
localities, quite so well as those who live on the
banks of the Mississippi. I will, therefore, if the
motion be in order, move that the bill be referred
: to the Committee on Public Lands, inasmuch as
1 there is a difference of opinion among gentlemen
| with regard to the effect of the amendments.
I Mr. HALE. When this bill was before the
| Senate I made some opposition to it; and the Sen-
; ator from Arkansas, not now present, referred to
the very words which the House of Representa-
tives have stricken out as the thing which made
the bill definite, and enabled the Senate to see
what they were voting away. The objection
which I made was, that the provision of the bill
was so indefinite that we did not know what we
were giving away—whether one, two, or ten mil-
lions of acres.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will the Senator
from New Hampshire read the words which the
House ot Representatives have stricken out?
Mr. HALE. They propose to strikeout of the
fiist section the words " known and designated in
will be given to afford an opportunity to look at
these amendments. When the bill passed the
Senate before, it was understood that by a refer-
ence to the description of whatare called swamp
lands, as they are known in the General Land
Office, it would be easy to determine what is the
character of those lands; but if you strike out that
which tafc House have struck out, what criterion
I hope that a little time ! the plats of the General Land Office as swamp
Annni«f ilrilUr tA at , la mlo. " nn/l tU a    A. I.. " 1 .1.
lands;" and the Senator from Aikansas said that
, these lands were designated on the plats in the
' Land Office. We know now that the House of
; Representatives have stricken out every clue which
we had, whereby we might know what we were
voting away. There is nothing to ascertain what
these lands are. There is no criterion given; the
whole is loose and indefinite, and uncertain; and
the subsequent section applies to all the States as
the first one applies to the Slate of Arkansas.
The PRESIDENT. The question is to post-
pone the consideration of this matter until to-mor-
row.
Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw that motion.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question is on
the motion of the Senator-from North Carolina,
[Mr. Masgiim,] to refer the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. BENTON. I beg to say a word in an-
swer to the Senator from New Hampshire, i know
what has been the practice with regard to these
lands. I know that the surveyors are required to
note everything in their field notes relating to the
character of the lands they survey, and they spe-
cify what lands are swamp lands. There is made
to every land office a return by the public officers,
upon oath, of ths lands that are overflowed.
Upon these returns therefore, the grants are made
certain. I know, living as I did at St. Louis at the
time there was an office of the Surveyor General
there, to whom the returns were made by his dep-
uties, that it was a common thing for them to sur-
vey down in Aikansas, and in the southern part
of Missouii, and when making their returns with
respect to the lands in Missouri, to make a return
that they could not survey such and such lands,
because they were overflowed. There is evidence
in every land office from which it can be precise-
ly ascertained what land is overflowed. It is an
old subject with me. For more than twenty years
I have known lands surveyed in the State of Mis-
souri to be returned as swamp lands. But, sir, I
believe it to be both just and good policy that the
United States should part with these lands for the
benefit of the States in which they are located. In
their present condition they are the fruitful gene-
rators of disease, and they afford protection to the
wild animals which resort to them. 1 think it i®
highly important that these lands should pass out
of the hands of the United States. I argued all this
more than twenty years ago; and now it will be
seen that Senators have brought it up again, in the
fust instance applying it to their own States; but
we have made it general, applying it to all the
States,
Mr. FELCH. I was not present when this bill
passed the Senate, bat I was present on the Com-
mittee of Public Lands at the time it underwent
the consideration of that committee, and I wish to
state one word in reference to this amendment as it
now comes from the House of Representatives.
After the bill had passed the Senate, my attention
was called by a member of the Land Office to the
fact that this bill would not correspond entirely
with the evidence in the Land Office of the charac-
ter of the lands. Some time ago an inquiry was
made through one of the branches of Congress 
1 do not now remember which—directing the at-
tention of the office to the entries of the swamp and
overflowed lands. It seemed that although the
field notes of the surveyors always exhibited the
character of the land, as to what was covered
with timber, what with water, and so on, yet
these notes were not always entered upon the plats.
The plats, therefore, were not perfected, and it
was necessary to make them correspond with
those in the local land offices, so that inquiries in
regard to them might be answered. They, there-
fore, transferred these notes to the plats in the Gen-
eral Land Office, and they have now obtained all
the information which is necessary to enable them
to determine the precise character of these lands,
and the extent of the application of this bill. One
of the officers in the department having charge of
the public lands called upon me, and informed me
that the words in the bill as it passed the Senate
did not in a sufficiently accurate manner refer to
the evidence on file in the office, and he at the
same time suggested that the department would
communicate with the committee in the House
of Representatives having charge of the bill, arid
sse that the language should correspond wife
the evidence on the plats. This is, 1 suppose, the
reason of the amendments made by the House of
Representatives.
Mr. DAVIS. I find, in the amendment made
by the House of Representatives, that the words
referred to exclude the character of lands called
'< swamp lands" which are not overflowed, and
restrict those lands to such as are both swamp and
overflowed lands. That is the restriction to which
I referred a few moments ago. It is those lands
