754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
motion to take up the California bill until the ques-
tion now before the Senate be disposed of.
Mr. BENTON. 1 move to lay this subject on
the table, for the purpose of taking up the Califor-
nia bill, and on that motion I ask the yeas and
nays. m
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the subject on the table, and it was rejected, as
folio we:
VEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbary, Chase,
Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of
Iowa, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Telch, Greene, Hate,
Hamlin, Jones, Miller, Norris, Phelps, Seward, Shields,
Smith, WalK'.-r, and Webster—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Butler, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dickin-
son, Downs, Foote, Hunter, King, Mangum, Mason, Mor-
ion, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Souie, Spraanee, Sturgeon,
Tumey, Underwood, Whiteomb, and Yulee—28.
Mr.. DOUGLAS. I suppose it will now be in
order for me to conclude the remarks I had com-
menced.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection was
made to the relevancy of the speech.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, if the objection is, that
on this motion to refer, my remarks are not rele-
vant, I desire to be heard.
Mr. MANGUM. I understand the question
now to be on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the only
question before the Senate now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to this fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair certainly
will be pleased to hear the question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Here is a motion to refer the
resolutions offered by the Senator from Tennessee
to a committee, with certain instructions. Now,
these resolutions, and the motion to refer, include
the whole question of the admission of California
into the Union.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to a point of order. There
is nothing to which he refers now before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am discussing a point of
order now before the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. The point of order has been
decided by the Chair.
Mr. FOOTE. Is it then in order for the Sena-
tor to discuss it without an appeal}
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly not with-
out an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If it is desired to drive me
to that pass, I shall certainly appeal.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senate will allow me to
remark that I am driving no one.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The reasons for my appeal
are these: This question of the admission of Cali-
fornia has been discussed for nearly a week, and
the bill which I have reported has been read to the
Senate by Senators—every word of it—word after
word, and each line of it commented upon. Ithas
been attacked and it has been defended. Every
Senator who chose to make a speech-against the
bill, and all who chose to defend it, have'been per-
mitted to do so. And now I ask, upon what prin-
ciple that is all in order, until when the author of
the bill, whose conduct has been impugned, rises
to defend himself against those imputations? I
maintain that I am strictly in order, by the very
terms of the motion. The motion is to refer the
admission of California, the creation of territorial
governments, and the decision of the slave ques-
tion in the District of Columbia, to a committee
And, sir, is it possible that it is not in order to dis-
cus.-. the very measure that it is proposed to refer?
Each Senator has done that, and 1 simply ask per-
mission to do that which each Senator, on each
side of the Chamber, has done, without objection
being made thereto, and especially when it is
necessary for my 'own vindication. Upon these
grounds I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HALE. I wish to state now what 1 en-
deavored before to get the floor for the purpose of
suggesting to the Chair. The resolutions of the
Senators from Tennessee anil Kentucky, both cov-
ering the whole ground in the broadest terms, are
proposed to be submitted to this committee, and
the Senator from Missouri proposes a certain set
of instructions, which the Senator from Kentucky I
proposes to strike out, and to refer this whole sub- I
ject generally, without any instructions. Now, it
rtc™ hime' be5,0"d W Possible phase in which
can be presented, this gives the fullest breadth j
and scope for the discussion of anything which
may grow out of these questions. It was for the
purpose of making this suggestion that I endea-
vored to get the floor before, in the confident
opinion that when the Chair came to look at the
question in this view, it would reverse the previous
decision, and decide that the question was debata-
ble under the aspect in which it was presented to
the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. It is a very simple case. A cer-
tain motion is made to refer a certain subject to a
committee. An ^amendment is proposed by the
Senator from Missouri to except from that refer-
ence certain specified topics, and I propose an
amendment to his amendment. Now what is be-
fore th& Senate? Nothing whatever at present
that you may legitimately arrive at, but the amend-
ment'of the Senator from Missouri and my amend-
ment to that amendment. Now, neither the prop-
osition of the Senator from Missouri nor mine,
refers to the condition of California at all, or to
the mode in which she should be admitted into
the Union. But I beg to say to the Senator from
Illinois, that I think he displays more anxiety than
is requisite on this subject. He may be prepared
to discuss the question whether it is necessary to
admit California with or without a condition;
others may not be so prepared. I have not looked
enough into the subject to form a delibeiate opin-
ion, and when the bill comes up, then it will be
time to discuss the whole subject. And with re-
gard to referring to that bill, J did not go out of
the way to make it. The Senator from Missouri
held up the bill and said this was the whole of it.
I said that other matters might be connected with
it, merely in reply to that observation. The sim-
ple question before the Senate, as 1 understand to
be decided by the Chair, is the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri and my amendment to it.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will give
the reasons for its decision. The Chair regarded
the point of order to be whether the remarks were
relevant or not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. AVill the Chair allow me to
make the question distinctly?
Mr. MANGUM. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask, when a point of order
is made, whether the Chair or a Senator has a
right to the floor?
Mr. MANGUM. The Chair, of course.
Mr. CLAY. Always.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair certainly,
when a point of order is raised, has a right to state
the grounds for its decision.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wished merely to state the
point I make.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear the Senator with pleasure.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The point I make is this:
A motion is made to refer the resolutions of the
Senators from Kentucky and Tennessee to a com-
mittee. For this committee the Senator from
Missouri offers certain instructions, which in-
structions bring up California in every possible
phase.
Mr. KING, (in his seat.) You are wrong in
that. °
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir. The Senator from
Missouri oilers instructions, and the Senator from
Kentucky moves a substitute for them. And now
I am told by the Senator from Kentucky that I can
only discuss his substitute. 1 insist that I have a
right to discuss the amendment itself, as well as
the amendment to the amendment, and indeed to
discuss the original resolution of reference. I
could not discuss one without discussing the
other, because they present the entire subject for
discussion. That is the point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state, m regard to this point of order
that it was one made by a Senator, and which the
Chair was necessarily called upon to decide. It
was not an interposition on the part of the Chair.
question under discussion was first the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri, which
'°teXCep' from the authority of the commit- j
tee certain propositions. To that an amendment
was proposed by the Senator from Kentucky, de-
claring that certain propositions were not to be
considered. Ihey were therefore both negative
in their character. .The Chair thinks thatch
Uie amendment submitted by the Senator from
Missouri, and the proposition to amend by stri-
king out and substituting another in lieu thereof,
were fairly under discussion, and nothing but
those. And if any Senator calls to order, the
Chair must decide that it was not in order at this
time to discuss the merits of a bill that has beerr
submitted fo&^the admission of California; and
whether it did or did not give away the public do*
main, or require an amendment, has nothing to do
with the question now before the Senate. Such is
the opinion of the Chair, and the grounds for ita
decision.
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 ask that the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri may be read r to see
whether it brings up the question of the admission -
of California or not. If it does not, I certainly
shall not insist on my point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
desire to have the original amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri read ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes,sir, the original amend-
ment.
The amendment was read accordingly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose thatan instruction
to separate each of these things from the question
of the admission of California, necessarily gives a
Senator the right of discussing the propriety of
the thing separately and of the thing jointly,"and
that you cannot discuss the propriety of connect-
ing or not connecting them -without discussing
the subject which I supposed I had a right to
discuss.
I am compelled to rise to a
Mr. MANGUM.
point of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS,
order.
Mr. MANGUM.
arguing a point of
  The Chairman has decided
the point, and, unless you take an appeal, you
have no right to discuss it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have taken an appeal a
half hour ago.
Mr. MANGUM. Then certainly yoa are in
order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was stating that I thought
it right to discuss the admission of California sep-
arately and jointly, to see the piopriety of con-
necting them together. That has been done by
each speaker \vho has spoken during the entire
pendency of this resolution, and I supposed it was
not necessary to ask permission to reply to what
had been said. But, as there seems to be an in-
disposition to grant it, I will not trouble the Sen-
ate, and will withdraw the appeal.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The appeal from
the •decision of the Chair is withdiawn, and the
question turns on the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky.
^ Mr. MILLER. I wish to make a suggestion
in regard to the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky. It appears to me to be out of order,
and not coming within the rules of the Senate.
The Senator from Missouri proposes to amend the
original resolution by the adoption of certain in-
structions to the committee proposed to be raised,
ihe Senator from Kentucky moves to amend that
amendment by striking it out, and to declare in
substance that no instructions shall be given to the
committee. So that the amendment not only
strikes out the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Missouri, but if adopted, it declares that
no further instructions on any other point shall be
given to the committee. Now, can that be done ?
It it can, I mistake the rule in regard to a bill,
suppose this amendment is offered to a bill, and a
Senator moves to strike out all of the amendment
ana to substitute m ]ieu thereof a declaration that
no further amendment shall be made to the bill:
can that be done? The amendment goes further
than the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri, for it not only strikes out his amend-
ment, but declares that no further instructions
shall be given on any other point. Now, by the
rules of the Senate, when a resolution or bill is
under consideration, it may be amended at anv
time, and we cannot declare by an amendment
that no further amendment shall be made to the
bill. Neither can we declare that no other or
rurther instructions shall be made to a committee.
We can strike out these instructions, but we can-
not by an amendment declare that there shall be no
other amendment.
Mr. CLA.Y. Of all unprofitable subjects, these
questions of parliamentary Jaw and usage are the
most so. I have had, sir, in another branch of
this Legislature, some little experience on this sub-
