1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 18,
a refuge for the wild animals that prey upon the
stock of the people of the country. They are
impediments to the progress of the people, in go-
ing from one part of a State to another. In the
State of Missouri, there is a great extent of coun-
try known as thec< Big Swamp." It is well
known to the Senators from Iowa and Wisconsin.
It is a great extent of country, a rich country,
covered with timber, valuable timber, but also
covered with water, and which the Government of
the United States will never reclaim, which will
be lost to all good uses. It will remain, as it has
remained for the last forty years, a loss to the
State and an injury to the country unless it is put
i'YQ the hands of the State.
In the resolution which I brought forward in I
1826, t{ unfit for cultivation" was the leading and
prominent idea. And " unfit" for the reasons
which were enumerated, which were, 4< being wet
and marshy, or subject to inundation from the
overflowing of the rivers, or covered with standing
waters in ponds and lakes."
I read this, Mr. President, for the purpose of
showing that this is an old doctrine, and one of
very great importance to the new States in the
great West. And I return my thanks to the Sen-
ators from Arkansas, and especially to the one
who is absent, [Mr. Borland,] for bringing for-
ward this measure. I return my thanks to the
Senators from Arkansas for having brought for-
ward at this session and obtained the general con-
sent of the Senate—for I believe there was scarcely
a dissenting voice here—to making applicable to
all the Slates what I brought forward twenty-six
years ago for the Slates of Missouri and Illinois.
I hope they will finally succced.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the Senate then ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, September 18, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ANDERSON asked the unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill " to amend an act for the
relief of certain Tennessee volunteers," approved
August 7, 1848, for the purpose of moving its ref-
erence to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. INGE. I believe when the House ad-
journed yesterday there was a motion pending to
lay a motion to reconsider on the table. That
motion is the first, business in order, I believe? I
call for the regular order.
Mr. ANDERSON. I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will let this bill go to the Committee on
M ilitary Affairs.
Mr. CARTTER. I object.
Mr. INGE. I have no objection to the bill of
the gentleman from Tennessee; but I wish the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. ANDERSON. The gentleman from Ala-
bama does not object. I hope my bill will be re-
ceived and referred.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made by other
gentlemen, and the regular order of business is
called for.
CHICAGO AND MOBILE RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER announced, as the first busi-
ness in order, the motion made last evening by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] to lay on
the table the motion to leconsider the vote by
which the bill " granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the Slates of Illinois,
Mississippi, and Alabama, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Chicago to Mobile," was
passed.
Mr CLEVELAND asked the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered. I
And the question, " Shall the motion to recon- 1
sider the vote by which the said bill was passed be !
laid upon the table?" was then taken, and decided !
i i the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 79; as follow: j
VE\S—Messrs. AlherHon, Alston, Anderson. Andrews,
A-*hmu.i, Bitkw, Buy, Bingham, Bokee, Bowlm, Brigg-?, j
Ktook*, A!b*'itG. Brown, William J. i)rown, Buel, Chester i
Duller T B. Bntlei, E. C. Cabell, Calvin, Chandler, Cling- S
iiiao, W. R. W. Cold), Cole, Convni, Dickey, Doty, Duncan, !
Dunham, Durke i, Eliot,Ewing, Featherston, Fitch, Fow- i
lcr, G«-ntrj, Gilbert. Gorman, Gott, Green, Grittticll, Hall, 1
Halloway. Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Howaid, '
Hubbard,'Inge, J. VV. Jack-on,^ William T. Jackson, Julian,
Kaufman, John A. King, La Sere, Letilet, Levin, Horace
Mann, Job Minn, Matteson, McClernand, McDonald. R.
M. McLane, McVVillte, Mor-e, Ogle, Phelps, Pitman, Put-
nam, Richardson, Ridley, iiobuison, Schermerhorn, School-
craft, Spragne, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, A. If. Stephens, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Under-
bill, Walden, Wentworth, White, Williams, Wood, Wright,
and Young—88. ' n
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Ashe, Averett, Bayly,
Beale, Booth, Bowie, Boyd, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A.
Caldwell, Jo.-eph P. Caldwell, Canter, Cleveland, Crovvell,
Daniel, Deberry, Dimmick, Disney, Edmundson, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Freedley, Fuller, Gerry, Giimore,
Hamilton, Hampton, Haralson, Isham G. Harris, Henry,
Hihbard, Hoagland, Holladay, Howe, Hunter, Andrew
Johnson, Jones, George G. Kin?, James G. King, Preston
King, Lmlefield, Marshall, McGaughey, JVlclvis&ock, Mc-
Queen, Meachain,M illson, Moore, Morehead,Morris,Nelson,
Newell, Orr, Otis, Outlaw, Peaslee, Potter, Reed, Robbins,
Ross, Root, Rumsey, riacketl, Savage, Sawtelle, Schenck,
Spauldmg, Stetson, Strong, James Thompson, Venable,
Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Watkms, Whittlesey, and Wil-
duck—79.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the table.
[Mr, Mason, who was not in his seat at the
moment his name was called, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to record his vote.
Objection being made, the vote of Mr. M. was
not received; but he stated, that had he been per-
mitted to record his vote, he would have voted m
the negative ]
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, inquired of the Speaker
whether the first business in order was not the
call of the committees for reports?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. COBB said, he desired to make a report.
DELEGATE FROM UTAH.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I now call up the
question of privilege which I made on Saturday
last, (that Mr. Babbitt, Delegate from Utah, be
sworn and take his seat.)
Mr. COBB was understood to inquire whether
he was not entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harris] rose to a question of privilege,
and was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HARRIS proceeded. In doing this, I de-
sire, if in order, to make a statement m relation
to this case. It will be seen by the House, from
the documents which have been printed by
the order of this House, that this Delegate from
the region of the Salt Lake 
Mr. ASHMUN, (interposing.) I rise to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Harris] will suspend his remarks. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] will
state his point of order.
Mr. ASHMUN! My point of order is this—
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris]
has no right, without the unanimous consent of
the House, to make this question; that the rules
cannot, to-day, be suspended for the purpose; and
that the right or title of the gentleman to represent
a Territory here is not a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
The law organizing the Territory ,of Utah, (the
Speaker said,) provided for a Delegate to repre-
sent the people of that Territory on this floor.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] rises,
and culls the attention of the House to the cre-
dentials of the Delegate. The Chair does not
now decide that the gtntleman claiming to repre-
sent the people of the Territory is entitled to a
seat on the presentation of the credentials. That
is a question for the House to determine. But
the Chair decides that, under the law organizing
the Territory, this is a question of privilege.
Mr. ASHMUN. I make the point ot' order,
that these credentials have already been presented
and acted upon, and that they cannot now be
called up again.
The SPEAKER. Whether these credentials
authorize the admission of Mr. Babbitt to a seat,
or not, is a question for the House to decide. The
point of order suggested by the genileman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] would be good, if
the decision was not matenally affected by the
fact that at the time alluded to by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmun,] there was
no such government in existence as the tern-
tonal government ot Utah. But that govern-
ment has been established subseqently.
Mr. ASHMUN. But the Delegate does not
come here with new credentials isssued since the
occurrence of the event to which the Speaker re-
fers. We are acting- 
Mr. CARTTER interposed to order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 will not consume
the time of the House, as gentlemen are so (sensi-
tive 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The gentle-
man will suspend his remarks. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] is on the floor
on a point of order.
Mr. ASHMUN. The point of order is, that
these credentials have not been presented, and I
take it for granted 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The gentle-
man from Massachusetts cannot now discuss the
point of order. The gentleman may appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ASHMUN. They are the same creden-
tials-
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, (interposing.) How
does the gf ntleman know that they are the same ?
Mr. ASHMUN. If they are not, then no cre-
dentials are presented.
Mr. HARRIS. How do you know thatj?
The SPEAKER interposed to order. And the
Speaker said that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Ashmun] was correct in stating that
these credentials were the same, because the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris]
was predicated upon documents which had here-
tofore been presented, and had gone on to the files
of the House. The Chair overruled the point of
order of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. ASHMUN. 1 appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said he thought
the point of order well taken by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ashmitn] 
Mr. CARTTER interposed,and inquired of the
Speaker whether it was in order to discuss this
question ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order. The appeal
is debatable.
Mr. STEPHENS proceeded with his remarks.
He doubted (he said) whether the rights of Dele-
gates on this floor could involve, technically speak-
ing, questions of privilege at all. Ctuestions of
privilege, he apprehended, pertained only to mem-
bers of the House—those who were known as
such by the Constitution. Delegates derive their
rights simply from law and not the Constitution—
theirs were in the nature of private rights—they
did not arise above the rights of any other officer
of this House who may have the privilege of the
floor by legal permission and not by constitutional
right. But he did not intend to argue that view of
the subject, for it was not necessary. In this case
he understood the Chair to hold, that inasmuch as
Congress lately passed a law creating a territorial
government for Utah, allowing a Delegate upon
this floor, that therefore it was for the House to
determine whether Mr. Babbitt was entitled to a
seat as such Delegate, and that this was a ques-
tion of privilege. Now, if this applicant for a
seat were here claiming a right to a seat under that
law of Congress, then the question would arise
which the Speaker presented. But it is admitted
that Mr. Babbitt does not claim his right to a seat
under the late act of Congress. His credentials
show that he was elected as a Delegate from a Ter-
ritory called Deseret—a Territory unknown to
law. He does not derive his right from any law
of Congress. He does not claim under or through
the authority of any law. He claims a seat by
virtue of an election held before Congress had au-
thorized a territorial government in Utah, which
is the same countiy at that time called Deseret.
lie is therefore clearly a volunteer. He has
neither constitutional nor legal nghtto claim aseat.
If he be admitted it must clearly be ex gratia and
not ex debito jwiiiia. And of course he presents
no case of privilege.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said, that before
he said the few words which he intended to say
on the appeal, he desired to be informed by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] whether
this gentleman is the Delegate claiming a seat as
representative from the Territory organized by
act of Congress ?
Mr. HARRIS. I will state, in reply to the in-
quiry of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Mc-
Lane,] that 1 present the ease with this view:
that Mr. Babbitt presented to this House creden-
tials showing that he is elected as a Delegate to
this House from the people residing within the
known limits of the Territory of Utah, and, as
such, he asks that he may be sworn and take his
seat 
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) This question
must be presented as that of a Delegate applying
