1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
757
self, and in that Constitution she has left out
slavery in every form, and the proposition now to
unite her with the fugitive slave bill 
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator allow m-e to say
that there is no such proposition?
Mr. BENTON. The Senator from Kentucky,
it is due to him to say, has in his speeches dis-
claimed it; but the Senator from Kentucky, emi-
nent as he is, and leading as he is, is not the record.
The motion is to refer two sets of resolutions.
One is the honorable Senator's own set of resolu-
tions, and the other that of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Bell,] and those two sets of resolu-
tion?! do include the subject of runaway negroes,
and the original motion now pending will carry
with it all these subjects. Here is a proposition,
then, to unite California with a subject of which
she has washed her hands, and which has already
delayed her, is now delaying, must continue to
delay her, arid may in the end lead to her rejec-
tion. She will have nothing to do with the slavery
question. There is nothing in her constitution
about slavery, because she did not wish to have it
impede her admist-ion into the Union; but if the
territorial meat-'utes arc to be added, and those
measures are to have the question of slavery mixed
up with them, then we shall have a question
brought up by which the whole admission of Cali-
fornia, after being delayed for such a length of
time, may be lost in disagreement between the two
Houses. Sir, I cannot be driven off the track by
hearing it urged that there is nothing in this pro-
ceeding injurious or derogatory to California, in
my opinion it is both injurious and derogatory;
injurious already in the delay it has created, dan-
gerous in the conjunction which it may make of
questions which may result m a disagreement be-
tween the two Houses, and by which she may be
lost. We all remember the Oregon bill, and the
contest between the two Houses on that bill.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky says
that it may become necessary to introduce the pre-
vious question here. Wheneverthe Senate by re-
solve shall introduce the previous question here,
though I shall struggle against the adoption of it,
as I have done heretofoie, to the utmost—for 1 go
for full debate in this Chamber—yet, whenever the
Senate adopts the previous question, I shall sub-
mit to it; but until the Senate adopts if, I will re-
sist its unauthorized and disguised execution upon
this body. Sir, we now have it admitted that
here is the previous question, in a different form
from that which is known to the parliamentary
law; that here is the previous question, intended to
cut off all amendments; everything in the world
which the previous question contains, except the
form and except the rule of the house which leads
to it. It is now a bastard rule, surreptitiously in-
troduced and attempted to be forced upon us by a
declaration that the Senate will not pass upon any'
amendment. It is the previous question, sir, and
it is most revolting, and if it were anybody else
than the eminent Senator from Kentucky who had
proposed it, 1 should say that it was a most un-
parliamentary motion.
But, i\Ir. President, this committee is to go out
for compromise. Now, what is a compromise,
and how long are such things kept? What was
the validity of the compromise made between the
Senator from Kentucky and myself—how long-
was it inviolable3 1 offered a set of resolutions
which I deemed good ones; the Senator from Ken-
tucky got up and moved to have them amended
by substituting another set. I did not think his
equal to my own at all, but in a spirit of com-
promise, and as a compromise, I accepted them,
and did what a compromiser ought to do, imme-
diately give up his own. And yet, what is the state
of the case to-day ? I thought then that the Senator
from Kentucky was going to vote for his own
amendment; I thought he was going to accept the
compromise which he had made; and yet to-day,
sir, he flies from that amendment, he does not
stand to it; he objects to the whole of his own
amendment, which I accepted the other evening in
a spirit so conciliatory that itought to have brought
us all to harmonious conciliation. Now, sir, we are
going to have another compromise, a plan of com-
promise with this experience of compromising
before our eyes. I have no great faith in compro-
mises at any time. There arc compromises m the
Constitution; they are fundamental, they ar* per-
manent, they are obligatory; we are sworn to ob-
seive them, and these compromises I wish rcli-
j giously to keep. But as for these, which seem to
; me like the compromises of lovers, made one even-
ing to be broken the next morning—as for these
compromises which I have referred to, really after
this experience—this, I would say, flagrant expe-
rience, in the face of the Senate, between myself
and the Senator from Kentucky—I do think that
the idea of bringing a compromise into this body
ought to be abandoned altogether.
Mr. President, we ask the yeas and nays "Upon
this motion; and if the Senator's resolution—fori
can call it nothing butaresolution—fortheguidance
and conduct of the Senate shall be adopted, we
shall immediately undertake to test it, and to see
whether the rules in your book are not in force
which allow Senators to offer instructions; and we
are entitled to a vote upon this resolution, and
which cannot be laid on the table without carrying
the whole subject with it.
The yeas and nays having been ordered on the
amendment of the Senstor from Kentucky—
Mr. DOUGLAS said: I feel inclined to vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky, arid
1 will veiy bnefly give my reasons for that vote.
My object in resisting the appointment of the
select committee was to get at the practical ques-
tion of the admission of California into the Union.
A majority of the Senate has on three different
occasions, by the yeas and nays, declared that the
Senate is in favor of the appointment of a com-
mittee. We aie authorized to infer from these
three test votes, that that majority is determined to
appoint this committee. S.rj if they are determined
upon it, they have a right to the appointment of a
committee. 1 hold that, if I occupy the position
of making factious opposition to the majoruy of
this body, 1 give a license to a factious opposition
from the other side, in the manner that has been
threatened, in order to keep California out of the
Union. 1 will do no act, here or elsewhere, that
shall be a precedent, that shall be a license to an
opposition under the rules of the body, but which
can only have the eliect to occasion delay by
th warting the majority. I will sanction no course
of proceedings which may give that license when
California shall be put upon her passage. For
this reason, 1 feel disposed to vote for the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Kentucky, and
on the ground avowed by him; that is, to cutoff
all amendments and let this matter go to a com-
mittee, if there is a majority to send it theie, for
them to act according to their discretion. When
they come to report, there will be a vote taken on
the proposition as a whole, if it shall be one,
or upon their several propositions, if there shall
be more than one. Those who think it wise to
sepaiate the measures will have an opportunity
then of testing that course, by the yeas and nays,
in this body, and they will then have an oppor-
tunity of recording their own opinions upon the
recoid. I deprccate this course. I would prefer
the consideration of the California State bill at
once, and let the motion to unite be made here in
the Seriate; but, it I cannot have my own way, I
will not delay the Senate by preventing the ma-
jority from having theirs. I shall vote to cut off
all these amendments, in order that the committee
may be appointed at once, if it is to be appointed
at all. And, sir, the remarks of the Senator from
Missouri have lelieved my doubt upon this point,
when h'e informed us thai there was reason to sup-
pose that this matter was all cut and dued, and
arranged; that the committee had been formed, that
the measures had been agreed upon, that the
whole matter had been arranged, and that it is but
a farce to go out, and bring in the verdict. If that
be true, it wsll take but a very short time to get
through with the farce, and I would rather laugh
at the farce than wrangle and quarrel, and make it
a tragedy instead of a farce. The objection urged
by the Senator from Missouri has convinced me
upon this point—that we had better submit to the
farce, allow them to go out, and to come in. This
is not my opinion, but I have come to this conclu-
sion simply in order to save time, and to get at
the practical question. 1 see no use in prolonging
this controversy, against the express will of the
majority of the Senate. I speak for myself, and
for no one else, i felt it due to myseif to ex-
press my own opinion, in order to put myself
before the country in the light in which i wish to
stand before my own constituents.
Mr. HALE. I find out, on going to the Clerk's
table, that, whilst we are grafting amendment on
amendment, the original motion on which all these
amendments hang has not been reduced to writing.
I wish to suggest to the Senator from Mississippi
whether it would not be better to reduce his motion
to writing, that we may know specifically on what
we are to vote?
Mr. FOQTE. I certainly did reduce it to wri-
ting.
Mr. HALE. I understand from the Secretary
that it is not in writing.
Mr. DOUGLAS, I am glad to hear it; that ex-
plains why I was not in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOOTE. i presume that it is wholy un-
necessary that I should write it again; the motion
is thorouiihly understood by the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. The motion is simply to refer the
resolutions offered by the Senator from Tennessee
and myself.
Mr. MANGUM. The resolution will be found
on the table in writing, and modified by striking
out words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that it is simply a motion to refer the reso-
lutions of the Senators from Tennessee and Ken-
tucky. It is riot in writing, except upon the
Journals.
•Mr. WEBSTER. I merely wish to suggest,
sir, what I conceive to be an irregularity in the
motion of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
(though he is as competent to judge of the order or
irregularity of a proceeding as any gentleman in
the country.) I care not, sir, how this motion to
raise a committee be decided. I have no interest
in it, because I am inclined to think that no great
benefit can now be derived from it; but I must say
that I do not think that the motion of the honora-
ble member from Kentucky is in order. I do not
think that it is a motion that can be received and
entertained by the Chair; because I think it is.the
direct reversal of one of the standing rules of the
Senate. Any proposition may be made 
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator from
Massichusetts, I know, is not aware that this is
rts judicata.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Mississippi rise to a point of order?
Mr. FOOTE. I do, sir. I know that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts was not in the house at
i the time, and I am sure he would not pursue the
present course of discussion if he knew that this
point had been decided by the Chair already.
Mr. WEBSTER. I did not so understand it.
Mr. FOOTE. The point of order was raised,
and the Chair decided that the motion was m order.
Mr. WEBSTER. I suppose, if the amendment
is in order, I may give my reasons for voting for
it or against it; if it is not in order, I shall not say
anything about it. The rule of the Senate is, that
the proposition under consideration may be amend-
ed. Now, suppose that this were a bill, could it
contain a proposition that it should not be subject
to amendment? Or could any gentleman move, as'
an amendment to it, that this bill shall be carried
through the Senate without any proposition to
amend ? I apprehend that he could not; and I
submit to the honorable member from Kentucky
whether his motion is strictly m order? If I un-
; derstand his resolution, it expresses the opinion
that we ought to go clear of all propositions to
amend. Is that the sentiment that will be ex-
pressed in the amendment if we adopt it ?
Mr. CLAY. I do not wish to interrupt the
Senator, but here is a proposition to raise a com-
mittee of thirteen, and to refer to that committee
of thirteen certain subjects. Very well. The Sen-
ator from Missouri proposes to do what? To
impose certain restrictions upon that committee.
Well, what is my proposition? The negative of
his, accompanied by a declaration that we do not
wish to give any instructions to the committee,
and especially not those proposed by the Senator
from Missouri. We have the right to vote these
amendments down one by one: my proposition
amounts to the same thing. The ouginal motion i
is to raise a committee and refer certain subjects
to it. The amendment is, to restrict that commit-
tee. My proposition is, that we will not adopt the
restrictions proposed, or any other, but leave the
committee free and untrammelled.
Mr. WEBSTER called for the reading of Mr.
Clay's amendment; which was read accordingly.
Mr. WEBSTER. The Senator from Kentucky
will excuse me if I doubt the propriety of his
motion. I suppose it will not be in order, if this
