1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
for a seat in this House from the Territory of
Utah. Whether the point was made beforeor after
the territorial government of Utah was established,
is not a question to be decided now. It is for the
House to decide whether it will grant or refuse
the seat. The Chair understands the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] as presenting a case
from the Territory of Utah; otherwise the Chair
cannot entertain the question.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask that the credentials may
be read.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. McLANE said, that his object in making
the inquiry he had submitted to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr, Harris] was, that the motion
should be presented to the Chair in its own true
terms. He (Mr. McL.) felt persuaded, that if the
gentleman had stated to the Chair that he asked
the admission of Mr. Babbitt to a seat in this
House as Delegate from the Territory of Deseret,
the Chair would not entertain that as a privileged
question relating to Utah. And he (Mr. McL )
submitted to the Speaker, that if such were the
gentleman 'amotion, the Chair should not entertain
it.
Mr. HARRIS. I made no such motion. I did
not mention such a place as Deseret. But I did
present Mr. Babbitt here as a Delegate to repre-
sent the people of the Territory of Utah—now a
Territory of the United States—known to the law
as such. His credentials were presented with
him, and this request was made of the House. It
is known that there can be no Delegate from this
Territory during the present Congress, unless this
gentleman is admitted, and consequently that the
wants of the people of the Territory cannot be
made known.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to the Speaker.) Will
the Chair inform me by what motion this question
can be disposed of?
The SPEAKER. The question is on an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Mi*. McCLERNAND. Well, sir, I want to
get clear of the matter. How can I do it?
Mr. JONES addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Jones.) The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND, (to theSpeaker.) Is the
previous question in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. McCLERNAND. It is my opinion that
this is not a question of privilege. I move the
previous question.
Mr. JONES,(to the Speaker.) If the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] should with-
draw his appeal from thedecision of the Chair, will
it not then be in order to move to lay the motion of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harris] on the
table ?
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in order.
Mr. JONES. Then I hope that the gentleman
from Massachusetts will consent to withdraw his
demand for the previous question, and that the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois will be laid
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the ap-
peal, and the previous question has been demanded.
Mr. ASHMUN. Under the statement made by
the Chair, I withdraw the appeal, and I move that
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Harris] be laid upon the table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, asked the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER counted the members in favor
thereof, and said there was not a sufficient num-
ber.
Mr. HARRIS asked for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were refused.
And the yeas and nays were refused.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Ashmun, and decided in the affirmative, with-
out a division.
So the motion was laid upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BOWLIN, (to the Speaker.) What is the
regular order of business ?
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. BOWLIN. I hope the House will proceed
with the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order.
The question was stated to be on the motion that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOWLIN asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
THE MEXICAN INDEMNITY.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Mc-
Lane, of Maryland, in the chair.)
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Mexican indemnity
biil.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, rose to a> ques-
of order. He submitted that the resolution of the
House making the appropriation bills the special
order of the day, designated these bills in a certain
order, that the bills must be taken up in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
the order in which they were designated in the res-
olution of the House, and that it was not in the
power of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union to alter the arrangement.
The CHAIR. The special order applies to three
bills. The Chair does not understand that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is necessarily bound to proceed to the considera-
tion of the bills in the order in which they are
named in the resolution.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and was decided in the affirmative.
So the committee proceeded to the consideration
of the bill to provide for the carrying into execu-
tion, in further part, the twelfth article of the
treaty with Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo.
The bill was read, as follows:
11 Be it enacted, ice. That the sum of three millions three
hundred and sixty thousand dollats be, and the tame is
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropnated, lor the payment of the instalment
and interest which will tall due on the thniietli ot May, '
eighteen hundred and ritty-one, under the twelfth article of
the ueaty between the United States and Mexico, made nad
concluded at Gaudalupe Hidalgo, on the second of Febru-
ary, eighteen hundred and lorty-eight."
Mr. DISNEY proposed to amend the biii by
adding to the end theieof the following:
" To be paid by and under the direction ol the Secretary
of the Treasury.'*
Mr. D. said, it might at the first glance seem
to the House that there was no necessity for this
amendment. All the analogies of our Govern-
ment show that the mode prescribed by his amend-
ment was that which was customarily pursued in
the payments from the Treasury; and this fact ;
would seem to do away any necessity for the j
amendment he had offered. j
It would appear, therefore, that there may be no 1
necessity for this proposition, and that it is ac- ;
tually the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury i
to discharge the duties which he isiequired by j
this amendment to do. But although this may j
seem to be the case, he had understood that it had j
become a mooted question between the members i
of the Cabinet, whether the disbursement of this j
money pertained to the Secretary of the Treasury j
or the Secretary of State. The Secretary of the j
Treasury had contended that it formed no part of j
his duty to pay this money, and he wished it to j
be transferred to the Secretary of State. The [
Secretary of State also considered it no part of 1
his duty to disburse this money, and that the duty j
and responsibility belonged to the Secretary of the j
Treasury. So that it seems the question, as to I
whom the duty belongs, is at present an unsettled j
one. The question, whether the duty and respon- j
sibility should be fixed on the Secretary of State I
or the Secretary of the Treasury, ought to be set- i
tied by this House. He hoped it would be so set- '
tied, and let the responsibility be on the officer |
whose duty it most properly is, and that officer he i
considered to be the Secretary of the Treasury. 1
He hoped, therefore, that his amendment would
be agreed to.
Again: there was an understanding out of doors,
a rumor which had reached his ears, and had
doubtless reached other gentlemen, which satisfied
him that it was a part of his duty to move this
amendment. He had understood that some time
during this session, a high functionary of the
Government had undertaken to contract with an
English house, and had made an arrangement
through that house for the payment of this instal-
ment of the indemnity in advance. If this was
the fact, he suggested the impropriety of this ar-
rangement, in consequence of the possibility of the
English House which had been selected, having
some understanding with Santa Anna, and being
disposed to subserve the views of that person.
Since the extradition of Santa Anna he had been
residing in the West Indies, waiting to seize any
opportunity which might offer to enter into in-
trigues for his restoration to power. If it was the
fact that he was thus calculating on a return to
Mexico, what mode could be selected better calcu-
lated to promote his ambitious designs, than by
placing this sum of money in the hands of an
English House predisposed to subserve his views ?
He had seen in the newspapers of the day, that
at this moment the Mexican Government is very
much embarrassed, and is reduced to such diffi-
culty in obtaining money as to feel itself com-
pelled to borrow at the rate of two per cent, per
month for the purpose of carrying on its opera-
tions. If Mexico is at this moment in this state
of distress and impoverishment, may not the mode
of paying this instalment provided by this bill?
add to her embarrassments? And if this English
House should be disposed to facilitate the views
of Santa Anna, would not the deposit of this
money in its hands, enable it to take advantage of
this depressed condition of Mexico to effect his
objects? Now it was well known to every one
that the present Mexican authorities are very
friendly to our Government; while it is just as well
known that Santa Anna entertains for us senti-
ments of an opposite character. Sound policy,
therefore, should prevent us from doing; anything
which might have the effect of injuring our friends
and benefiting our enemy.
But, without dwelling on these matters, it ap-
peared to him eminently proper that this duty
should be imposed on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The question as to where the duty and the
responsibility should rest, ought to be settled by
Congress. And in addition to all this, whenever a
high functionary of our Government, on his own
responsibility, has arrogated the power of making
a coritiact with a foreign House to pay this instal-
ment, in advance, and without the authority of
law, he thought we ought to show our disapproval
of this conduct on the part of an executive officer,
by setting the bargain aside.
Mr. BAYLY said he had heard the reports to
which the gentleman from Ohio had referred.
They had been communicated to hun, and he pre-
sumed to many other gentlemen. He had felt it
to be his duty to inform himself fully on this sub-
| ject. He would now state the facts to the House,
i in order that they might vote understanding. It
| was true, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dis-
■ ney] had stated, that the Government had made
an arrangement with the houses of Barings of
London, Howland &- Aspinwali of New Yoik,
[ and Corcoran & Riggs of Washington, to pay this
j instalment of the indemnity. The gentieman from
• Ohio seemed to think that in making this contract
j m advance of an appropriation, the Administra-
| tion had been guilty of impropriety. Now the
contract was altogether a conditional one, obliga-
tory only in the event of the passage of a bill
making an appropriation for the purpose, and of
its passage at this session. He would briefly ex-
plain the necessity there was for making an appro-
i pnation for the purpose so long before the mstal-
! ment falls due.
! The only way in which the bankers who had
! undertaken to make this payment can alfoiu to
| give the premium, is that they shall be allowed
| time to place the money m Mexico gradually and
■ so as not to disturb the exchange. Time in trans-
actions of this character is of the greatest import-
! ance. In the proposition which was made by
j Messrs. Rothschild, they had limited the period
i for the acceptance of their oiler to the 20ih of
I May. Subsequently they extended the period to
j the 1st of July. As the pioposition was not ac-
l cepted by that time it was withdrawn. After that
! the Administration mode the contract with the
; present parties at three and a half per cent. There
! were several other propositions made to the Secre-
j tary of State, which he did not fee! himself authoi-
• jzed to entertain, as they are such as no prudent
{ man would have accepted.
