j
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolution is passed, to have any further amend-
ments. I very much doubt whether such a mo-
tion should be received by the Chair. I doubt
whether it is not a question for the Senate to decide
whether any amendments that may be proposed
shall be adopled. It is my opinion that it is.'"
Mr. HALE. I want to suggest in this con-
nection that if the Senate adopts the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky, it will
not, in my humble judgment, attain the object
which the honorable Senator proposes, because it
does not say that the Senate will not give any in-
structions; it does not say that no instructions
shall be given or moved, but is simply the ex-
pression of an abstract opinion that the Senate
does not deem it absolutely necessary now, at this
particular time, to affix to the resolution any in-
structions. The resolution is not imperative; it
simply expresses an opinion that the Senate does
not deem it necessary at this time to give any in-
structions; but the Senate may be of a different
opinion hereafter, and therefore the resolution of
the Senator from Kentucky, if passed, will be en-
tirely nugatory. It is not a precept; it is not 9
rule; it is not an order of the Senate that there
shall be no instructions, but it is simply an ex-
pression of opinion that the Senate doe3 not ex-
actly think just now that it is worth while to give
any instructions, either general or specific, for the
guidance of the committee. Now, would the ex-
pression of this opinion by the Senate cut off the
privilege of any member hereafter to offer an in-
struction? It seems to my unsophisticated intel-
lect that the resolution would not amount to a
general prohibition of instructions to the commit-
tee, and I wish to call the attention of the Senate
to the position in which we shall place ourselves.
The Senator from Kentucky, m the remarks
which he submitted to the Senate just now, said
that the-Senator from Missouri knew very well
that it was not proposed to unite the admission of
California with the bill for the recovery of fu£i-
tiveslaves, but only with the bills for governments
for the two Territories of Utah and New Mexico.
I do not understand the record to be so at all.
What is it that is to be referred to this committee
of thirteen? The Senator from Mississippi tells
us that the resolutions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky and those of the Senator from Tennessee
are to be referred to that committee. What are
those resolutions? Why, sir, the first resolution
of the Senator from Kentucky relates to the ad-
mission of California. That is to be submitted to
the committee. "Ihe second is, that slavery does
not exist by law in, and is not likely to be intro-
duced into, any of the territory acquired by the
united States from the Republic of Mexico, and
that it is inexpedient for Congress to provide by
law for its introduction or extension there. Well,
sir, how would it read if you put these two to-
gether? It is proposed to refer to the committee
a resolution that slavery does not exist by law in
these territories, and is noi likely to be introduced
there; and then it is proposed to say that the Sen-
ate does not deem it necessary to express any
opinion, or to give any instructions, either general
or specific, for the guidance of said committee,
rou start with the proposition that slavery does
not exist in the territories, and is not likely to ex-
ist there, and then you say that you do not think
it expedient to express any opinion on the subject.
I hat is the attitude in which the Senate will place
itself by referring the resolutions introduced by
the Senator from Kentucky in January, and adopf-
ing at the same time the amendment which he now
proposes.
The third resolution relates to the western
boundary of Texas. The fourth relates to the
debt of Texas. The fifth declares that it is inex-
pedient to abolish slavery within the District of
Columbia; and the next is, that it is expedient to
prohibit the slave trade within the District. The
same remark applies to theae.
Well, then comes the seventh resolution, which
declares that some more effectual provision ou^ht
to be made by law, according to the requirements I
ot the Constitution, for the restoration of fugitive !
slaves by the different States of this Union. Now, I
sir, the subject of legislating for the redelivery of i
fugitive slaves is just as much a subject for exam- j
ination by the committee, as the establishment of l'
S'! "men'8 f?r t.lle territories of Utah and New |
bodv must ! S'lr? S°r of* the members of this ij
body must certainly have the faculty of second II
April 17,
sight; they must have a power of foreseeing events
which the rest of us have not, if they know, and
are able to declare in advance, that the committee
will take into their consideration nothing but the
establishment of territorial governments for Utah
and New Mexico, and the admission of California,
although there are other subjects which they are
expressly directed to consider.
The eighth resolution resolves that Congress has
no power to prohibit slavery in the States.
There are thus eight subjects expressly to be
referred to this committee, concerning which the
Senator says, it is not expedient to give instruc-
tions for the guidance of said committee; but [ ask
with profound respect of the Senator from Ken-
tucky—and they are not unmeaning words—where
he gets the opinion, and by what authority does
he say to the Senate, that this committee will take
into consideration nothing but the admission of
California and the question of governments for the
territories of Utah and New Mexico? He cer-
tainly does not get it on the face of the resolutions,
because the resolutions, eight in number, relate to
all the subjects to which I have called the attention
of the Senate.
Then comes the resolutions of the Senator from
Tennessee, nine more, making seventeen in all;
and these seventeen different resolutions, covering
so many different subjects, are to be referred to
this committee; and yet the Senate are to be told
that it is not proposed to connect anything with
the admission of California except these two sub-
jects.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will afford me an opportunity of making an
explanation, I perhaps may save him some breath
in discussing; the question before us.
Mr. HALE. Certainly, if I can get the floor
again.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will not allow me
the floor voluntarily, I certainly will not take it.
Mr. HALE. Oh! I make no objection.
Mr. CLAY. There have been some seventeen
resolutions proposed by the Senator from Tennes-
see and myself to the Senate. The Senate has
expressed no opinion upon any one of them. And,
sir, what has been proposed by my amendment >
Why, it is that all these matters shall be referred
to the select committee—the Senate refusing to
express any opinion upon any one of them giv-
ing no instructions for the guidance of that com-
mittee. Is there any impracticability in pursuing
such a course? The Senate has expressed no
opinion, and no one has expiessed any opinion,
except in speeches, upon the resolutions that have
been under our consideration. There has been no
deliberate expression of opinion in this body.
The proposition is, to refer all of the subjects to a
committee, and my amendment is, that 1 will not
say to that committee beforehand how they are to
act upon this or that subject. I think that this
explanation ought to satisfy the Senate.
1 have never said that, when all these subjects
are sent to that committee, it will not be the duty
of that committee to go into a consideration of all
the questions at issue. Some topics they may con-
nect together, and some they may report by sepa-
rate bills or resolutions. All that I have said was,
that, for one, I would not desire a larger combi-
nation of measures than the question of govern-
ments for the Territories of Utah and New Mex-
ico, and the admission of California, and, possibly,
the settlement of the boundary of Texas, in one
bill; the other questions in separate bills. I trust
that this view is not an impracticable one. If the
Senate had expressed any opinion, as the Senator
from New Hampshire seems to suppose, upon the
various questions that are proposed to be leferred
to this committee,and it should now refuse to  ive
that committee any instructions in regard to them
there might be some incompatibility in our pro-
posed action; but the Senate has expressed no
opinion upon any of the resolutions offered by
the Senator from Tennessee or myself; and the
simple question is, shall we refer all these matters
j in a body to this select committee, without any
instruction to that committee as to how they shall
act upon the several subjects thus referred to their
consideration?
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Kentucky, as
I now understand, qualifies the remark which he
made before. I understood him previously, that
there should be combined in one bill three distinct
subjects; he now states, that in proposing that, he
only speaks for himself; he does not speak for
anybody else. Well, 1 must say that the Senator,
when he speaks for himself, speaks with a great
deal more potency than a good many of us could
in speaking for ourselves. I am simply speaking
of things, sir, as they appear upon the record,
because I am not one of the thirteen leading mem-
bers of the Senate—I am not one of the leading
men of the Senate. The party with which I act
in the Senate is so happily constituted, that it can
yoke or unyoke, and have no horse to lead; and
therefore I do not, by any possible definition,
come within the category of the leading members
of the Senate. I do not act, then, upon any in-
formation 1 may receive, but simply upon what I-
hear read at the Secretary's table. 1 do not know
of anything that is done in side rooms, in commit-
tees, before meetings or after them; these are to
me as a sealed book, and I know nothing of them
until they are broached in the Senate. Occasion-
ally I learn, from reading Philadelphia or New-
York correspondence, that certain things have
been done by certain committees; that there have
been certain invitations issued by those commit-
tees; but, as I have said, information of these
matters comes to me from Philadelphia and New-
York, and sometimes from the West. Whera
this correspondence comes buck to us here from
those places, published, then, for the first time, I
learn what is going on in this city.
It is a great disadvantage that we are laboring
under, that we are obliged to conjecture what pro-
cess is to be pursued in relation to subjects thai
are brought before us. It now appears that these
seventeen subjects are to be referred altogether,
and that there is some understanding, expressed
or implied, general or specific, that there is to be
a severance of them, and that three of the subjects
are to be connected in one bill. Can any one tell
me how the remaining fourteen are to be collo-
cated or arranged; whether in separate bills, or in
bills combining two, three, or more subjects to-
gether' There may be three subjects put in
one bill, and fourteen in the other; as to that mat-
ter I am entirely in the dark. But let that go.
I desire now to make a few remarks, confining
myself strictly to the amendment before the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Kentucky, it appears by
his amendment, does not deem it necessary to ex-
press or advance any opinion, or to give any in-
structions, either general or specific, for the guid-
ance of this committee. Why not, sir? Have
we not been told, over and over again, that
the country is agitated, greatly agitated—that
the Union is in danger, in great danger? And
have not gentlemen expressed fears that we are
even now standing upon the brink and about to
fall into an abyss that is to ingulf us and all that
is dear to us forever; that the irretrievable and
fatal step of the destruction of the Union is about
to be taken; and that the people are standing all
over the Union with palpitating hearts, waiting
and watching anxiously to know what will be the
action of the American Congress? And 1 sup-
pose, sir, that the great questions with reference
to which the public heart is palpitating with so
much anxiety, are all embodied in these seventeen
resolutions now before the Senate. What will
they think, sir, and what will they feel—what will
they judge, when we deliberately tell them that
we do not think it safe or expedient to express
any opinion upon all these subjects ? It will be
an intimation, sir, to those who are in suspense,
that we do not know what to do; that the ship of
State is in great danger, is driving amidst storm
and tempest, with breakers ahead; and yet, that
although thus perilously situated, the Senate do
not deem it expedient to express any opinion
upon any one of these great subjects. Where
shall the people look for guidance under these
circumstances? To what source shall they turn
their eyes for counsel, for wisdom, for direction,
if not to this chosen sanctuary of their hopes? If
the American Senate t-ll the people that all above
j us is dark, is doubtful, is dubious—that they have
|i concluded to commit the settlement of these sub-
j'jects, in silence and without any authoritative
, expression of their opinion upon them, into the
hands of thirteen political doctors, that they may
manage them as they in their wisdom see fit, and
that they want the committee m their wisdom
to devise something—the Lord only knows what
it is tantamount to telling them that we are in
such a perilous condition,'in such a fearful state
