1852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 18,
Mr. CARTTER asked what were those propo-
sitions ?
Mr- BAYLY replied, the premium offered was
four per cent., or one half better than the offer
made by the present contractors. The Adminis-
tration was of opinion, however, that the arrange-
ment which had been made was the best which
could have been made. It was better than the
Rothschilds proposition. The proposition of the
Rothschilds was, that our minister in Mexico
should draw bills from time to time as they were
wanted. This would have involved the Govern-
ment in a vast amount of bills of exchange, which,
as every one knew, would have been a source of
great inconvenience. But in the arrangement
which has been made the Government has nothing
whatever to do with the drawing for the money.
All will fall on the contracting parties. They will
use their own agencies and their own credit. It
is therefore a better arrangement for the Govern-
ment. All this, however, is of little moment, as
the proposition of the Rothschilds has been with-
drawn.
Mr. McCLERNAND was understood to put a
question as to the authority by which this arrange-
ment was mad*.
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said, it was a condi-
tional compact, binding: nobody unless an appro-
priation was made, and at this session; and the
reason for the passage of the bill at this time is be-
cause a higher premium can be obtained the longer
the period which is allowed for the operation. He
could not see that there had been any violation of
law when the express condition on which the ar-
rangement was made was, that it should not be
binding unless an appropriation for the object was
made, and made at the present session. There
were two available offers made—the one was that
of Rothschilds, and the other that by the Barings,
Howltnd &- Aspinwall, and Corcoran & Riggs.
The first was supposed to be beyond the time
limited for its acceptance, and was withdrawn, and
then the contract was handed over to the present
parties.
It has been said to me above a hundred times,
that the Secretary of State has rejected the offers
of American houses, and accepted an English
house. It so happens that the fact is just the re-
verse of this. The offer which was withdrawn,
because the Government had not accepted it, was
from an exclusively European house, which had no
associates here. The house of the Barings is one
of great credit. They are the bankers of our Gov-
ernment in London for the payment of our minis-
ters abroad arid other foteign expenditures. The
firm of Howland & Aspinwall, in New York, is
well known as standing high. The house of Cor-
coran & Risgs is also known to be a strong house,
and highly honorable in its transactions. The
Secretary of State, then, has made a contract with
those three houses, with an entire confidence that
the payments we are bound by treaty to m.ike to
the Mexican Government will be madeon the day
designated by the treaty, and that the honor and
credit of our Government will be sustained.
Mr. CARTTER was understood to ask at what
time it was proposed to pay this instalment into
the hands of the contractors?
Mr. BAYLY. It would be paid, if this bill had
passed, from time to timetas the contractors may
des i re.
Mr. CARTTER was understood to ask if the
Mexican Government had not requested that this
instalment should be paid in some particular way ?
Mr. BAYLY said he was not aware that any
such request had been made, and, indeed, he was
sure that none such had been made. The only
two offers coming from parties with whom Mr.
Webster considered it prudent to contract, as he
had before stated, were those of the Rothschilds,
and of Barings, t4owland & Aspin wall, and Cor-
coran & Riggs; the first had been withdrawn, the
other was accepted. In reference to this matter
he had had a very frank conversation with the
Administration. If there had been given to our
Government an intimation that if the payment of
the next instalment could be anticipated, and paid
before the time when it falls due, the Mexican
Government would submit to a discount, it would
have been hardly prudent to have acted in accord-
ance with  t. He did not think that it would be
a safe operation to pay the money to Mexico in
advance. In the present unsettled state of Mexico,
it was by no means improbable that by a sudden
revolution the present Government might be over-
thrown before the day when this instalment will
fall due, and if it had been paid previously, our
Government might be subjected to the danger of
being called on to pay it over again; or at any rate
of having some difficulty with that Republic about
it.
Mr VINTON stated, that by the contract the
contractors would pay interest upon the advances
in addition to the premium.
Mr. CARTTER also put a question, which was
not heard, relative, perhaps, to the obligation on
the part of the Government to accept the best offer.
Mr. BAYLY resumed, saying, in reply to what
had fallen from Mr. Cartter, that he did not
know that there was. But if so, he thought the
Government ought not to have accepted the prop-
ositions, whatever the terms were, or however ad-
vantageous they may have seemed for the Gov-
ernment. It would have been very discreditable
in us to shave our own paper. It would have
been discreditable to have gone into an operation
of this kind with a sister Government. It would
not only have been discreditable but unsafe. From
what we all know from experience of the char-
acter of the Mexican Government, if a revolution
were to take place before the year 1851, there is
very little reason to doubt that they would have
been ready enough to take advantage of it, and
would have come upon us to demand the payment
of this instalment over again. With such a Gov-
ernment to deal with, it was especially proper that
our Government should have no transaction which
would involve any risk.
There was another mode of making this pay-
ment, which had been frequently suggested, viz:
through our minister in Mexico. Mr. Letcher
negotiated in Mexico for the payment of the last
instalment. He had to encounter a combination
of the Mexican bankers who would not give him
more than one per cent. If he had undertaken to
open a broker's shop and sold bills of exchange,
he would have found himself entangled in trans-
actions with all the bankers of London and Mex-
ico, which would have been productive of great
inconvenience and risk.
It was represented at that time, as now, that in
the hands of the American minister, a very advan-
tageous and profitable arrangement could be made.
Mr. Letcher gives a different account of it in his
letter to Mr. Clayton, of the 15th July last; in that
letter he says, that from the first moment of his
arrival he devoted himself anxiously and con-
stantly to arrange for the payment of the indem-
nity. For some time the circumstances were dis-
couraging; obstacles of their own accord sprang
up ; other obstacles arose from the combinations of
the bankers against him. Their scheme was to
compel him to accept of one per cent, premium, or
else the United States would have to transport the
specie from the United States to the city of Mex-
ico. That for some time the associated capitalists
believed fully they had the game in their own
hands and could control him; but he succeeded in
arranging for a part of the last instalment, at three
and a half per cent , with Mr. Davidson; and of
this he says:
"When the fa^t is taken in'o consideration that the ex-
port duty oil ie la^t year was ten per c^nt., and now is
only four <md a half, ir appears to me that the arrangement
inadp (at three and a half) is f<ir more favorable than could
have been anticipated.5'
He had called on the Administration to know at
what premiums the other instalments of this in-
demnity had been negotiated. It would be recol-
lected that the indemnity stipulated to be paid to
Mexico was to be made in five payments. The
first in hand, and the others in annual instalments.
The first was made by an arrangement with the
house of Barings, by Mr. Secretary Walker,
when our Government stipulated to pay them the
amount at Washington in Treasury notes, Treas-
ury notes at par. Atthat time Treasury notes were
above par, so that our Government by that ar-
rangement got no premium, but virtually paid one.
Mr. Walker, however, was not blamed for this.
He could do no better. The payment had to be
; made at once; and for the reasons 1 have already
given,no premium was obtained.
The first instalment was due and paid during
Mr. Polk's administration. B.tring, Brothers, &
CoM were the parties employed by Mr. Walker.
They paid the Government four and a half per cent.
The second instalment was divided. Howiand
& Aspinwall were the contractors for one million
and a half. The United States received three per
cent, premium for this portion. The residue of
the second instalment was conducted by Lionel
Davidson, of the city, professing to act as agent
for the Messrs. Rothschild; and on this portion a
premium of three and a half per cent, was paid
this Government.
The contract with Davidson was negotiated by
Mr. Letcher, in the city of Mexico, on the 13th
day of February, 1850, as appears by his letter of
the 15th of that month.
The proposal of Messrs. Baring and their as-
sociates, for this instalment, has been accepted by
Mr. Webster, on the condition I have already re-
ferred to.
This is a little more favorable premium than the
Government realized on the second, and is one per
cent, less than the first instalment. It is to be ob-
served that at the time of the contract with Baring,
Brothers, & Co., for the payment of that instal-
ment, the export duty on specie in the city of
Mexico was ten per cent.—the export duty is now
five and a half. Besides, at the time of the pay-
ment of the first instalment, the rate of exchange
between the United States and Great Britain was
much lower than it is now.
It thus appears that this contract is made upon
rather better terms than those which preceded it.
But they are all so nearly on the same terms that
the presumption is that the premium is about fair.
I have seen nothing to create even a suspicion in
my mind of any impropriety.
One word as to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Disney.] It proposes to take
the execution of this law from the President, and
confer it upon the Secretary of the Treasury.
Practically it will have no effect; for the con-
tract made by Mr. Webster meets the approbation
of the Administration, and it is certain Mr. Cor-
win will not annul it. In principle I think it
wrong. By the Constitution it is the duty of the
President to see that the laws are executed. My
idea is, that we ought to appropriate the money to
fulfill the treaty, and leave it to the President
to see that the payment is made; and the country
will hold him responsible for the manner in which
the duty is performed. If we agree to the amend-
ment, it will he a vote of confidence in the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in advance, and we will be
estopped of complaining of the Administration, no
matter how the duty may be performed. Iam
unwilling that Congress shall take this responsi-
bility where it can have no control.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, desired to submit
a very few remarks, for the purpose of showing
that the employment of an agent is the most eco-
nomical and certain mode of making the payment
of this instalment. Our Government has under-
taken to deposit three millions m the city of Mex-
ico on a given day, in fulfillment of a treaty
obligation. If there were no bankers, through
i whose agency this payment could be made m
' Mexico, it would be necessary for our Government
to transport the specie itself. If it were found
necessary to transport the coin, every one knows
that the process would be an uncertain as well as
an expensive one. Not only would there be a
heavy charge for freight, but also there must be
taken into consideration the delay, the risk of
transportation, the loss of interest, and the com-
missions of agencies. Under the most economical
management, the cost to our Government could
not be computed at less than three per cent. Now,
instead of adopting this cumbrous, uncertain, and
costly process, by which our Government would
I be subjected to actual loss of not less than three
per cent., the Government has preferred to enter
into a contract, by which it avoids all risks &nd
delay, and secures a gain of some three and a half
per cent., thus making a difference in its favor of
! nearly #320,000. What is to be gamed by the
contracting agents? They can gain nothing more
than the difference of exchanges between the
United States and London, and Mexico and Lon-
don, and the only chance they can have of real-
izing a fair return foi the risk they assume, is from
the lapse of time which may be allowed them to
manage those exchanges to the best advartage.
By having time for such operations, they may be
able to take advantage of all fluctuations in the
rate of exchange, and thus to effect those combi-
nations of capital and credit, in varying rates of
exchange, out of which profits are made.
