1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7m
of apprehension and alarm, that we feel compelled
to throw aside our discretion and oar wisdom, and
proceed entirely upon the principle of implicit
faith; trusting that the wisdom of thirteen men
can point out some way by which we can manage
Ihe ship of State, so as to get clear of the rocks
which lie before us and threaten to destroy us.
Sir, if anybody upon earth ought to express an
opinion, it is this Senate; if there was ever a time
to express that opinion, it is now. if theie is
danger, let us teli them; if we have any opinions
to that effect, let us express them. And although
the Senate may not deem it necessary to express
their opinion, I trust they will permit one of the
humblest of its members to expiess his; and that
is, that here is the State of California desirous of
coming into the Union, and the sole serious objec-
tion that exists in the minds of Senators to that
admission is, that she has in her constitution em-
bodied the principle of freedom.
A Senator. Nobody has said so.
Mr. HALE. I know that nobodyjiasexpress-
ly assigned that as an objection.
Mr. FOOTE. I rail the honorable Senator to
order, and I will state my point of order. I un-
derstand the Senator from New Hampshire to
allude to the motives of Senators. He stated that
the reason which was operating upon the minds
of Senators here, who are adverse to the admis-
sion of California as a separate measure, is, that
she had adopted in her constitution a prohibition
of slavery. He now says, that although such
language has not been used m debate, yet the in-
ference is deducible that such are the motives of
Senators. This I consider to he unparliamentary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is out of order
to ascube motives to Senators; but the Chair did
not understand the Senator as having done so.
Mr. FOOTE. I am satisfied with the decision
of the Chair; but f trust the Senator from New
Hampshire will not pursue that line of remaik.
Mr. HALE. Does the Senator from Missis-
sippi consider that it is an impeachment of the
motives of a Senator to say that he is opposed to
the admission of free Scates into the Union ?
Mr. FOOTE. Yes, sir; I do consider it a very
serious imputation upon myself, and those I repre-
sent here, to have it charged that I—in their name,
and with their sanction—feel inclined to present
the least obstacle to the admission of California,
on the ground that in her constitution she has ex-
cluded slavery from within her limits. Every
southern Senator will say directly, that it is an
imputation that is grossly untrue.
Mr. HALE. I have said nothing, sir, about
the motives of any one. I said there were reasons
that lie back of those that were assigned. I think
it is a matter of history—I do not mean old his-
tory, but very modern history, if I am not mis-
taken—that one of the southern States, to wit, the
State of Georgia, has passed a resolution to the
purport, that the admission of California at this
time, with her present constitution, would be a
sufficient cause for disunion.
Mr. FOOTE. There is nothing about slavery
mentioned in that resolution.
Mr. HALE. As f do not wish to say that any
one is actuated by improper motives, I will not
speak of the Senate, but of out-door opposition. I
wish to be understood, then, as saying nothing
about the motives of any Senator, but I shall speak
of the great moving cause of opposition outside of
the bar of the Senate to the admission of Califor-
nia into the Union, because she has adopted a con-
stitution excluding slavery from within her limits.
That is what I believe; and I do not deem that, in
the words of this resolution, it is necessary to ex-
press in advance any opinion as to what the state
of things is inside of the bar. [A laugh.] That,
sir, is the state of the facts, and it is not worth
while to shut our eyes to it. I think we should
call things by their right names; for we cannot,
by calling things by other than their right names,
change their nature. If I were in the habit of
quoting poetry, like the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, I wouldsay something abouta rose by
any other name not smelling so sweet. This is to
be the compromise. A certain portion of the Con -
federacy have found, in the course of events, that it
becomes necessary to submit to this great evil;
that is, the odious sin of admitting a State with a
constitution excluding slavery. What is to be
done? You are next to frame two territorial gov-
ernments which shall contain no such provision.
What is the intent of this? Why, that slavery
shall be carricd into these territories, so that when
they come here to ask admission as States, they
shall have that institution embodied in their con-
stitutions, and be admitted as slave States. This
is the true state of the case. We had better look
at the question as it is, and not pretend to be more
purely patriotic than we really are. This, sir, is
my opinion of the state of things outside of the bar
of the Senate.
I would say another thing. I will tell the gen-
tlemen of the southern States that they will beat
us; that the North will be beaten, as she always
has been. I only ask that when we are fairly
beaten down, that you will not do as a distin-
guished member from Virginia in the other house
many yeais ago: that you will not point at us and
tell us that you buy us doa:-cheap. That is all. I
have no sort of doubt at all that the North are des-
tined to be defeated upon this question; slavery
will tiiurriph. It will plant its foot upon the neck
of freedom and the advocates of freedom, and
trample them in the dust. And why is this, sir?
It is because the North allows it. She allows it,
sir, and she will allow it until the people of the
North have a new edition of geography printed
for their common schools, by which their children
may learn that there is a little piece of the United
States having rights of its own, lying north of 36°
30' and of Mason and Dixon's line. This they do
not know at the North yet; but they are beginning
to find it out; they are beginning to open their eyes
to it.
While up, sir, I will express another opinion,
and that is this: that the northern men, through
whose instrumentality we are destined to be de-
feated^nd by .whom we shall be defeated, when
they get home, will find the northern country or
climate, I fear, very much imptoved—a good deal
better than it ever was before. [A laugh.] I think,
sir, that it will be found rather a warm residence
for those that have been residing in other latitudes,
to come back to stay after they have been parties
to such a surrender. These are my opinions.
I shall only say, sir, in conclusion, that I shall
follow the example of the Senator from Illinois,
and 1 shall offer no factious opposition. I shall
submit to what God in his providence and the
party in its power shall do, I shall resist it as Ions
as I can constitutionally, fairly, and decorously.
But i will say that, so far as I am individually
concerned, I will offer no factious opposition. I
have given my own opinion of the matter, and I
believe it. 1 have no doubt of it. We are des-
tined to defeat. We may contest the matter a lit-
tle longer, but the end is neither distant nor
doubtful. Gentlemen of the South, you have us
in your power. All lask is, as I have said before,
that, after you have laid us out cold, you will not
point us out as having been bought dog-cheap.
Mr. CLAY. There is no destiny of defeat on
the part of the North, but there is a destiny of
triumph on the part of the Union of these States;
and that triumph in behalf of the Union of these
States will be the defeat of your ultra abolitionists.
And, sir, the gentleman need not flatter himself
with the hope that when gentlemen return to their
constituents, they will find it to be much warmer
than it has been. No man here from a free State
will feel any apprehension from any menace of
that kind, i know something of the political his-
tory of this country. I have been in a time quite
as perilous, quite as agitating, quite as alarming as
it is now, and that was before the famous IVJis-
souri question was settled by a majority of only
six votes in the House of Representatives. Then,
as now, men who wished to defeat the adjustment
and compromise of this great question were pre-
dicting that the representatives of the North who
had assisted in making this adjustment would go
home and find that their effigies had been burnt,
and would meet with a very warm reception.
What was the fact, sir? Why, more exultation,
more joy, and more gladness were not manifested
by the people of the United States upon the an-
nunciation of peace with Gieat Britain, thai was
concluded at Ghent, than that which animated
them upon the compromise of that question. And
such, I predict, will bp, the consequence now. It
will be a triumph, not of the South over the
North, or of the North over the South, but of the
patriotism of the Union, of the best interests of'
mankind and of the world, over faction—yes, over
the ultra abolitionists. I discriminate between
them and the Free-Soilers of the North; and, in re-
gard to slaves going info these new territories,
they are not more opposed to the measure than I
should be to favoring it by any positive action of
mine. But what they apprehend is, that their
food, their aliment for agitation will be cut off, &n<2
they will be left to cry in the midst of the wilder-
ness, without being heard, and without sympathy.
That will be the result of such a compromise as I
believe it is within the power of this Congress to
effect.
Now, will the Senator that sits before me [Mr.
Hale] allow me to ask him a question or two?
He ventured to state, in order to put himself within
the rules of order, that outside of the house the
motives for th*e opposition to the admission of
California is found in the slavery restriction m her
constitution. It was in vain that Senators on all
sides of the house rose and declared that they
were actuated by no such motive. The Senator,
driven from the Senate to find such motives actu-
ating its members, flies to the streets, and says
that there the sentiment prevails. Now, sir, let
me ask the Senator two questions: is he not in
favor of the Wilmot proviso, and does he not op-
pose the connection of California with the territo-
rial bills, because, whilst it interrupts the success
of the measure, it prevents him from carrying r>at
his favorite measure? I put these questions to the
Senator.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 rise simply to make a sugges-
tion, which I trust will not be offensive to any one,
and to appeal to gentlemen who concur in sup-
porting the views of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, to refrain from all further debate, and
let the question be taken.
Mr. MANGUM. I rise for the purpose of
proposing an amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky, which I hope the honor-
able Senator will accept as a modification of his
amendment; if not, I will request a vote of the
Senate upon it.
Mr. CLAY. Let us hear what it is.
Mr. MANGUM. Some question has been
raised by the Senator from New Hampshire, or
rather some objection made in regard to the phra-
seology of the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, to wit: "That the Senate
does not deem it necessary to instruct the commit-
tee.'1 They may not deem it necessary at this
instant, and an hour hence there may be a change
; of opinion. The modification that 1 propose, and
I which I trust the Senator will accept—for f cannot
| offer it in the shape of an amendment, there being
an amendment to an amendment already pending—
is, that it shall read thus; " The Senate does not
deem it necessary, and therefore declines to in-
struct the committee."
Mr. CLAY. I accept the modification, sir.
The question being put upon the amendment as
modified, the yeas and nays were taken, and re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchinson, Badger, Bell, Borland, But-
ler, Clay, Cass, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson,
Dodge of Jowa, Douglas. Downs, Foot*1, Hunter, Jones,
King, Mancum, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian,
Soule, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, and Yu-
lee—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Bright,
Chase, Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton,
Dodifft of Wisconsin, Felcli, Greene, Hale, Harnlin, Miller,
Noins, Phelps, Sewaid?Shields, Smith, Walker, and Whit-
conib—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to have the original
motion read by the Secretary; I mean the motion
made by the Senator from Mississippi.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion was
to refer the resolutions of the Senator from Ten-
; nessee and those of the Senator from Kentucky
to a select committee.
i Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir, I am aware of the
purport, but I want the precise words, because I
desire to amend the motion. I propose to amend
by inserting these words: 4< Except so much of
the same as relates to the admission of California
as a State." I take it, sir 
Mr. TURNEY. I rise to a question of order.
I understand there is a question before the Senate.
The question now is upon the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri as amended.
Mr. FOOTE. In addition to that I would sug-
i gest 
The VICE PRESIDENT.
The Senator from
