760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Tennessee is correct; the question will be on the
amendment as amended.
The amendment as amended was then adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose it will now be in
order to move to amend the original motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order.
The proposed amendment was again read.
Mr. CLAY. I believe, sir, that is the precise
proposition that was made the other day by the
Senator from Missouri, and which was voted
down.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the gentleman had waited
for a moment I would have explained the reason
why I offer this amendment. It is true that an-
other proposition, similar to this, but embracing a
. larger number and greater variety of questions,
was submitted a few days since, and it was voted
down. The motion of the Senator frorn Missis-
sippi now is less extensive than it was then, con-
sequently the vote of the Senate to connect or
dissever the questions then, cannot be considered
tantamount to a vote to exclude a portion of them
now; although I have myself no doubt that the
action of the Senate will be the same now as it was
then. It is my intention, and it is also, I believe,
the intention of my colleague, to vote for no terri-
torial bill that does not contain an express prohibi-
tion of slavery. We have been instructed by the
Legislature of our State to that effect, and those
instructions accord fully with our own views.
Well, sir, being so instructed, and cordially approv-
ing of those instructions, I desire to present this
proposition to the Senate, so that I may exhibit
the evidence of my willingness to carry out that
doctrine in good faith, and to vote for no measure
by indirection which shall cover up a subsequent
vote, and thus relieve me from those instructions.
Therefore, I ask that I may have the privilege now
of voting to dissever them, so that if they should
be connected by the committee, as I suppose we
all understand they are to be, that then, when I
am compelled to vote against the admission  f
California, on account of its being connected with
other questions, if that contingency should arise,
this amendment will show my desire to disconnect
them.
Mr. CLAY. The motion made the other day
is precisely that which is now offered. It is in
these words:
" lint nothing In the resolution shall be construed to au-
thorize the said committee to take into consideration any-
tiling that relates to the admission of Calilorma into the
Union."
That is the resolution that was voted down.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not desire to offer any
other reason than I have already offered, except to
say that, upon the proposition then pending, no
committee was then raised, and nothing grew out !
of it. There was an expression of the opinion of
the Senate, it is true; but under that motion no
committee was raised, and the motion was subse-
quently withdrawn. If, under the present motion,
a committee is to be raised, as I doubt not there
will be, I desire to record my vote in favor of a
separation of the subjects.
Mr; CASS. Mr. President, I would suggestto
the honorable Senator from Maine, whether he
would not attain his object in a better manner by
awaiting the report of the committee, and then by
moving to separate California from the other sub-
jects, should it be associated in the same bill with
any other ? The Senator desires that his position
should not be misunderstood, and therefore wishes
to have a vote now upon this question. As to
the appointment of a committee, there is no danger
of misunderstanding, because he has announced
his objection to the measure, and will record his
vote against it. He is presupposing that the com-
mittee will unite various subjects in the same bill,
and wishes in advance m cffect to pronounce upon
it. This interpretation may not be correct. There
may be no such reason, and in that event this
measure would be wholly unnecessary. It would
be a mere work of supererogation. If, on the con-
trary, the union should take place, it will then be
as competent for the Senator to move a separation,
as it is now to move a prohibition against it. The
subject will be just as much in our power then as
now, and it will be much more proper to act in
that case, for we shall then be dealing with exist-
ln^**aC!S' anl^ not imaginary ones. I
And this same error, as to the course of the
committee, seems to pervade all our discussions
upon this subject. It is assumed that, because
different subjects are to be referred to this commit-
tee, they must therefore be included in the same
bills, and the one, therefore, made dependent upon
the other; and this assumption, made it appears
to me without the least authority, is then urged as
a decisive argument against this proposition of
reference.
In the first place, sir, no one has a right to
assume that such will be the case, and to make
this bare assumption aground gf opposition to the
proceeding. 1 agree with the distinguished Sena-
tor from Kentucky, that no committee would thus
unite all the questions referred to it. I consider
such a course out of the question; so much so as
not to furnish, even to the most cautious, a reason
for voting against this measure. I go further, sir:
I do not believe that there will be any further
union of subjects in the same bill than the junction
of the admission of California with the govern-
ments of the territories; and 1 see a great fitness in
that. But, sir, should the committee go further,
and include more topics, what effect will that have ?
Just none at all, in opposition to the will of the
majority.
Gentlemen seem to suppose that the report of
the committee is to be like the laws of' the Medes
and Persians, not subject to any alteration or
amendment whatever. And the Senator from
Maine evidently acts upon the same supposition
when he makes his motion beforehand to guard
against a particular course of action on the part of
the committee which he happens to disappiove.
And permit me here to remark, that a gieat deal
has been said about an understanding among Sena-
tors—a causus of the leading members of this
body, and much more of the same sort. This is cer-
tainly making a great matteroutof a very small one.
It is of little consequence whether there has been
any caucus or not, or whether there be in reality
such an understanding or not. 1 will say,'how-
ever, that I have heard of no caucus, and know of
no understanding upon the subject. If there be
any such, 1 am utterly ignorant of it. And 1
repeat, it is a small matter to be placed so promi-
nently before the Senate and the country—to talk
so earnestly about caucuses and about leaders.
I know nothing of either. I, for myself, am as
little disposed to lead as 1 trust I am to be led.
Now, here is a proposition to refer to a com-
mittee a grand subject, affecting the very existence
of the Confederation. Itissaidtobeunusual; butit
must be remembered that the present condition of
the country is unusual also. There is a proposi-
tion to refer all the questions connected with this
grave subject to a committee. Well, what is the
; objection that is urged against this reference ? A
I good deal has been said about instructions to the
I committee, and about an effort to check debate.
] Now, it seems to me that no reasonable man, who
j has listened to the debate that has taken place to-
[ day, can suppose that there is any disposition to
: check debate. If this debate has been checked, it
would require a wiser man than 1 am to tell what
[ would be a free debate, or to what length of time
01- topics its course would lead us. Senators have
pursued their own course in their own way, and a
more discursive debate I have never listened to. I
have little apprehension that, here or elsewhere,
any martyrs can be made to the great cause of free'
jj discussion by the proceedings of to-day. All such
|| allusions are, to say the least of them, m very bad
'I taste. And what is to be the practical disposition
j of the labors of the committee? The subjects will
I come back to us reported upon by the committee;
the whole matter will be within the jurisdiction of
the Senate, and any proposition to amend can then
be made as well as now. Let the subject "o to the
committee, and let them make the best report they
can; no man will be committed by the report
whatever it may be; we shall be pledged to noth-
ing the committee may do. All that is proposed
is, that, in the difficulties in which we find our-
selves involved, a committee shall deliberate and
ascertain if some practicable plan cannot be de-
; vised for the settlement of the agitating subjects
i: which now distract the country. Can any reason- !
I able man object to this course ? I freely confess I
cannot see how he can. I have listened to every !
i worci that has been said in the course of the debate i
and my surprise has increased' rather than dimin'
ishedat theopposition whieh isexhibited. Thepro-
i position affords one hope the more for an accommo-
dation of the differences that divide us. I said when
I this meaure was first introduced, that my hopes of
the advantages to be derived from it were by no
means sanguine; and the course of proceeding in the
Senate since that time has by no means increased
my confidence in the result. I followed the hono-
rable Senator from Kentucky in his declaration of
similar views,as lam happy to follow him in his no-
ble effort to preserve this Union, equally dear, I have
no doubt, to him and me. But, whether my hopes
or my apprehensions pieponderate as to the effect
of this measure, my course will be still the same.
It may do good, and can do no harm. As I have
said, it affords one chance the more of a happy
termination of our troubles. If the committee make
a report that will be satisfactory, we can adopt it,
and rejoice heartily at the happy result. If they
do not, we shall then be no worse off than we are
now, and must proceed to look our difficulties in
the face, and to apply the best remedy which may
then be left to us; and in any event it will be a
grateful reflection that we have taken this steD,
deemed so important by many members of this
body, and so urgently demanded by a large
portion of the Union. And this consideration,
were there no other, is decisive with me for sup-
porting the proposition. It is indeed a small, a
very small matter, to yield in a spirit of concilia-
tion; but it seems to be opposed with as much
sternness of purpose, as if a sacrifice of the dearest
interests of the country were demanded. I sym-
pathize, sir, with no such feeling, nor indeed do I
understand it. North or South, East or West,
when great sectional questions are involved, if l'
could not yield the principle at issue, certainly I
would yield much as to the mode of its considera-
tion, and as to the process ofadjustment. In no coun-
try under heaven is such a spirit more required
than this; and if it prevailed more extensively, I
should anticipate with more confidence than I now
do, not merely the speedy settlement of the ques-
tions in dispute, but the restoration of those fra-
ternal feelings without which, though there may
be a political union, iherecan be no union of affec-
tion. It seems to be distinctly understood that the
I discussion of the subject of the admission of Cal-
' lforma is to go on, notwithstanding the reference
to this committee; and before the discussion can
be terminated under any circumstances, to jud^e
by the progress made, the report will be received,
and we shad then have made some progress to-
wards a solution of ourdifficulties ; we shall have
done something, much indeed, I trust, towards
the admission of California and the establishment
of the necessary territorial governments.
1 repeat what 1 have before said, that I consider
the admission of California as certain as any event
which has not yet happened, unless prevented by
some process or machinery of legislation in the
other House, such as has been alluded to here and
elsewhere. I trust, however, that no such meas-
ures will be resorted to. I should consider it a
course of action greatly to be deprecated. All we
have to do is, to permit the committee to consult
and bring back a report. A good deal has been
said about compromises, as though, by the appoint-
ment of this committee, we were proposing: to sur-
render some great principle lying at ^founda-
tion of our Government. Indeed, one might sup-
pose, from the temper and earnestness displayed
that our whole social and political system was to
be put to hazard by this very harmless attempt to
adjust our troubles by a compiomise committee.
, And such are our fears of this terrible word, that
! we have actually strucK it out of the resolutions
where it had been very properly introduced, and
made ourselves safe behind the shelter of its sub-
i stitute, adjustment. Why, sir, neither the word
nor the thing is so very terrible. This world is a
world of compromise. From the cradle to the
grave, human life is full of compromises. A man
gives up some portion of his natural rights to
secure the remainder; and from the be°mmn°- to
j the end of his years, the same principle marks^his
progress. He who stands upon his position with
rigid inflexibility, and expccts the world to bow be-
fore him, will soon find by experience, how much
he has deceived himself. In the operations of all
Governments there must be compromises. I sup-
pose there never was a law passed which precisely
met the views, in all particulars, of every one ta-
j king part in legislation. Each can see something
| which, in his opinion, might be improved; but
j each has to surrender something to compromise,
, in order to attain the object in view. What mutual
t concessions are to be made to lead to a compro-
