THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
instruction, when the Senate have already decided
that they will not instruct the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Missouri is objected to on the
ground that it is an instruction to the committee,
and therefore inconsistent' with the resolution in
relation to the instruction of the committee, which
the Senate has adopted. The Chair is of opinion
that the proposition presented by the honorable
Senator from Missouri is in the nature of instruc-
tions to the committee, to except from their delib-
erations a certain subject. But the question that
presents itself is, whether inconsistencies are ques-
tions of order. On the 169th page of the Manual
1 find that
"If an amendment be proposed inconsistent with one
already agreed to, it is a fit ground for its rejection by the
House, but not within the competence- of the Speaker to
suppress, as if it were against order. For, were he per-
mitted to draw questions of consistence within the vortex
of order, he might usurp a negative on important modifica-
tions, and suppress, instead of subserving, the legislative
will."
The -Chair is of opinion that the amendment is
in order, but it is for the Senate to decide.
Mr. CLAY. 1 rise to perform the painful duty
of appealing from the decision of the Chair, and 1
ask the yeas and nays on the question. I do not
nfean to take up time. My opinion is, that when
-the Senate has decided that it will not do a given
thing, it is out of order for that thing to be pro-
posed to be done, and it is within the province of
the Chair to decide^ it to be out of order. The
question is, whether the Senate will maintain its
power, whether it will maintain its dignity,
whether it will maintain its consistency; and upon
that ground 1 must take an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. BENTON. I believe that the amendment,
as it is called, though it is nothing but a rule for
the government of the conduct of the Senate, has
not been adopted by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the appeal.
Mr. BENTON. And now, Mr. President, 1
must recur to the main point, that here is an open
attempt to enforce the previous question without
any rule of the Senate, and to press the previous
question against the rule. It is admitted that it is
to cut off all amendments; it is admitted to be the
previous question in a different form, and it is even
treated as a factious attempt to arrest the enforce-
ment of the previous question here; to cut off all
amendments where there is no rule to authorize
' them. I am opposed to this course, and deter-
mined to resist it as long as the parliamentary law
permits me. I understand that the Senate declines
to give instructions to this committee; but 1 have
a parliamentary right to offer them; and, when
they are offered, there is no way to get rid of them
but by a vote upon ihem. That is all. I have a
right to offer them. The rules are not altered.
The Senator from Kentucky has got a resolve
adopted, but that cannot alter the rules of the
Senate. They cannot be altered by a side move;
they cannot be altered, pending a question, for the
purpose of cutting off debate. Rules must be
known, and they must be adopted beforehand;
and if they are to be altered, there must be notice
given that they are to be altered; and the process
must be gone through in a regular manner. The
rules of the Senate cannot be overturned; they
cannot be obliterated; they cannot be expunged
by a vote adopted in the progress of a case that
the Senate will do a thing contrary to the existing
rule. Sir, the motion of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, and which has been adopted, is
a motion to overrule the rules of the Senate; to
trample the rules of the Senate under foot for the
purpose of stifling debate; for the purpose of cut-
ting off amendments; and when we come to these
amendments we will see whether or not they are
abstractions, which have been made the root of
all the agnation that has taken place in the United
States. Sir, 1 intend by these amendments to cut
at the root of all that agitation, and to cut up the
whole address of the southern members, by which
the country was thrown into a flame. I mean to
show that there was no foundation for any such
thing; that is, I mean to offer a proposition upon
which the votes will show that there has been a
cry of " wolf," when there was no wolf; that the
country has been alarmed without reason, and
against reason; that there is r.o design in the Con-
gress of the United States to encroach upon the
rights of the South, nor to aggress upon the South,
nor to oppress them upon the subject of their in-
stitutions. I propose, sir, to give the Senate an
opportunity of showing that all this alarm has
been without foundation; and I further propose to
give to the people of the United States the highest
declaration that can be given upon earth, that they
have been disturbed about nothing; and when we
come to that part of the question, we will see
whether they are abstractions or not; and if these
are abstractions^ then thecountry has been alarmed
about abstractions. In the mean time, Mr. Presi-
dent, I propose my amendments, and I ask that
a separate vote may be taken upon each of the
fourteen.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I think 
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator from Mis-
sissippi allow me to say one word?
Mr. FOOTE. Certainly; I yield with great
pleasure to the honorable Senator from South
Carolina
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to say to the Senator
from Missouri, that if he supposes that the south-
ern people are to be satisfied with votes upon tru-
isms, or which all the country should regard as
such, he is mistaken. He is equally mistaken, if
he supposes votes of that kind are to be safety-
valves for the dangerous and aggressive agitations
of the North. Sir, the Senator must see as plain-
ly as I do, that there is danger—that this thing
has progressed to such lengths, that it will be but
a feeble palliative to quiet it, to offer a resolution
which merely declares that Congress has no right
to interfere with slavery in the States; that the
South and the whole country is in no danger, and
that all the agitation is caused by the Southern Ad-
dress. He is mistaken if he supposes that this
thing, which may reach further than he supposes,
is to be cut up by the roots by votes of this kind.
We may differ as to the extent of the danger,
but this is not to be the safety-valve by which
it is to be avoided. Gentlemen will not satisfy
the South, I can assure them, by any such decla-
rations.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senate will bear witness to
the fact that I have endeavored to avoid discussion
and controversy on this question. I have be-
lieved, and I yet believe, that the time has come
when all true patriots should unite in the pure
spirit of fraternal conciliation and compromise for
the settlement of these questions; and that they
should feel it their bounden and imperious duty to
do all in their power to quiet excitement, and save
the Republic from that danger which all of us do
know has environed it for the last six or eight
months. I repeat, that I did not come here this
morning in the expectation of saying a word; and
especially would I not be heard leternng to any-
thing emanating from a certain quarter, after what
has occurred here, but for what I conceive to be a
direct attack upon myself and others with whom
I am proud to stand associated. We all know
the history of the Southern Address, and the world
knows its history. It is the history of the action
of a band of patriots, worthy of the highest laud-
ation, and who will be held in veneration when
tlieir calumniators, no matter who they may be,
will be objects of general loathing and contempt.
Who is the author of the Southern Address ? He
is known to the woild. The late illustrious Sen-
ator from South Carolina, whose decease a nation
now mourns, and over whose untimely death
every good man m all Christian countries, at the
present time, is now lamenting—is the author,
and the sole author, of that address. In our
presence here to-day, in the hearing of the friends
of that distinguished statesman associated with
him in that holy work, that address is denounced
with great appearance of deliberation, as fraught
with mischief, and as having supplied food for the
agitation and excitement which has involved our
institutions in dangers from which they had to be
rescued by the efforts of others hostile to the prop-
ositions of that address, and who did not partici-
pate m its preparation. Those who were associ-
ated with and sanctioned that address, are charged j
with being agitators. And by whom? With whom
does such an accusation as this originate? I shall
not be personal, after the lesson I have already re-
ceived here. I intend to be, in a parliamentary
sense, perfectly decorous in all things. But by
whom is this extraordinary denunciation hurled
against all those individuals who subscribed this
address? By a gentleman long denominated the
oldest member of the Senate—the father of the
Senate. By a gentleman who, on a late occa-
sion 
[Here Mr. Foote, who occupies a seat on the
outer circle, in front of the Vice President's chair,
retreated backwards down the aisle, towards the
chair of the Vice President, with a pistol in his
hand. Mr. Benton, a moment before, having
suddenly risen from his seat and advanced by the
aisle, outside the bar, towards him, following him
into the aisle down which the Senator from Mis-
sissippi had retreated. In a moment almost every
Senator was on his feet, and calls to " order;" de-
mands for the Sergeant-at-Arms; requests that Sen-
ators would take their seats, from the Chair and
from individual Senators, were repeatedly made.
Mr, Benton was followed and arrested by Mr.
Dodge, of Wisconsin, and, in the confusion and
excitement which prevailed, he was heard to ex-
claim, from time to time: "1 have no. pistols!"
"Lethimfire!" " Stand out of the way !" "I
have no pistols!" "I disdain to carry arms I"
" Stand out of the way, and let the assassin fire !"
While making these, exclamations, Mr. Benton
was brought back to his seat; but, breaking away
from Mr. Dodge, of Wisconsin, who sought for-
cibly to detain him, he advanced again towards
Mr. Foote, who stood near the Vice President's
chair, on the right-hand side, surrounded by a
number of Senators, and others not members of
the Senate. Mr. Dickinson took the pistol from
the hand of Mr. Foote, and locked it up in his
desk, and Mr. Foote, on the advice of Mr. But-
ler, returned to his seat.]*
The VICE PRESIDENT directed that Sena-
tors and spectators should be seated; and order
was partially restored.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, what is the
question before the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DICKINSON. I should like to hear the
question again stated, as I do not remember pre-
cisely what it was.
[There was still much confusion prevailing at
this time in the Senate.]
*A CARD—111 the report of the unhappy occurrence
which took place on yesterday in the Senate, I regret to per-
ceive onp or two slight inaccuracies, which I hope you will
promptly correct. The inaccuracies alluded to are not in
the report of the debate, whtch is one of the most accurate
1 ever saw, but in the following statement:
Here Mr. Foote, who occupies a seat on the outer cir-
" cle, in front of the Vice Piesidem's chair, retreated back-
" wards down the aisle, towards the chair of the Vice Pres-
ident, with a pistol in his hand; Mr. Benton, a moment
" before, having suddenly ri!>en from his seat and advanced
" hy the aisle, out-side the bar, towards him, following bun
"into the aisle down which the Senator fiom Mississippi
had retreated. In a moment almost every Senator was on
hid foot, and calls to 'order;' demands tor the Sergeant-
'at-Arms; requests that Senators would take their seats,
from the Chair and from individual Senators, were repeat-
"edlymade. Mr. Benton was followed and arrested by
Mr. Dodge, of Wisconsin, and, in the confusion and ex-
citement which prevailed, he was heard to exclaim, from
tune to tune: (I have no pistols!' 'Lethun fiie!' 'Stand
out of the way!' < l have no pistols!' < I disdain to carry
n lAn'V °,ut of the way, and let the assassin fire  '
VVlme making these exclamations, Mr. Benton was
brought back to his seat; but breaking awav from Mr.
" JJoDGE, ot Wisconsin, who sought forcibly to detain him.
" he advanced again towards Mr. Foote, who stood near
the Vice President's chair, on the right-hand side, sur-
rounded by a number of Senators and others not members
of the Senate. Mr. Dickinson took the pisioi from the
hand of Mr. Foote, and locked it up m his desk, and Mr.
Foote, on the advice of Mr. Butler, returned to his
"seat."]
Now,as to the "retreat" spoken of, itwashimpJy a move-
ment in a line—which made something like aught amrle with
the one along winch the Senator from Missouri was ad-
vancing. On seeing him advancing, I simp!) glided towards
the alley leading from the Secietary's chair to the door in-
tending to take a defensive attitude, and then await any as-
sault which might be made. I could not have done other-
wise, without, in ft certain event, endangering the lives of
I unoffending persons. You seem to repiesent myself a< be-
ing pursued by mj antagonist down a narrow allev. If vou
allude to the alley along which I walked in order to take
my defensive attitude alluded to, you are ? 1 error, as the
person alluded to did not even reach my seat, nor even set
more than something like half-way from his seat to mine.
1 he fact is, that I neither retreated from, nor advanced
upon, the Senator referred to: I simply advanced to a con-
venient position for puiposes of dejence. You sav "Mr.
Dickinson took the pistol from the hand of Mr. Foote."
ihts is true, but! would add, that it was cheerfully sunen-
dered on application being made lor it, and upon seeing that
1 wa* no longer m danger of being assaulted. I (egret that *
i have deemed it necessary to make this explanaiion. but X
did not know how to avoid it. H. S. FOOTE
April 18,
