THE CONGBfiSSWMAS GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,>BY JOHN C, RIVES.-^TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
' FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1850.
New Series.... No. 117.
have been your agents for one solitary moment.
There is a peculiar propriety, from the fact that
they are already our agents in other targe transac-
tions, that you should retain them in this. But
if we are to discontinue ourconnection with them,
I hope we will be careful in selecting the substi-
tute.
Sir, we are not without experience in these mat-
ters. My friend from Tennessee will recollect that
in the treaty we had with Mexico for the payment
to our citizens of asaraof money for spoliations, we
undertook to negotiate the payment through our
minister, Mr. Shannon, who was then the United
States minister in Mexico, and there was a payment
made of nearly half a million of dollars, and to
this hour there is not a man in this House who can
tell where that money is. The money was paid
and the Mexican Government was released, but
the money never came into the possession of this
Government. The result was, that to preserve
the faith of the Government, we had to appropri-
ate from the public Treasury a like sum for the
payment of those claims. Every dollar of this
money had been paid by Mexico, as she alleged,
but not a dollar of it ever reached the public Treas-
ury here, nor does anybody know where it is.
J desire particularly that the gentleman from Ohio
should explain where that money is. Until 1 find
out where it is, I shall act the part of the burnt
child, and beware how I countenance a simi-
lar course of proceeding—I shall not place my hand
in the furnace in which I have already had it once
burnt. No, sir, let the affair be conducted through
the hands of responsible houses, and the faith of
this Government will be redeemed.
But the gentleman from Ohio also said, why not
snake this advance to Mexico ? and that she would
willingly give seven per cent, for it.
Now, I undertake to say, that we cannot do that
without a new treaty is negotiated with Mexico,
and ratified by the treaty-making power of both
nations. Our present treaty requires that this in-
stalment of three millions of dollars with interest
shall be paid to the Government of Mexico on the
first day of June, 1851. That is our obligation.
By what right can we change the stipulations of
■ that treaty so as to make an earlier payment and
of a less sum ?
Mr. CARTTER desired permission to inquire
of the gentleman from Virginia whether the same
power by which the contract was made could not
change the contract ?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly. But what was that
power? Was it the power of the President of the
United States and of Mexico alone ? Not at all; it
was the treaty-making power of the two Govern-
ments. Now can Mr. Webster, Mr. Corwin, or
anybody else, undertake to amend this treaty in so
material a point as the time of the payment of the
money, and the amount of it?
Mr. CARTTER (the floor being yielded) said,
Do [ understand the gentleman as asserting that if
the money were once paid to the Government of
Mexico, that Government, or any party holding
under it, would not be foreclosed from demanding
payment again ?
Mr. BAYLY. My opinion is, in the contin-
gency contemplated, it would not.
Mr. CARTTER. They have no sovereignty,
then >
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, they have; but that sov-
ereignty must be exercised according to the forms
of their constitution. Now, this treaty prescribes
the time and manner of payment, and this was
regarded as an essential feature, for the Senate of
the United States struck out one mode of payment
and adopted another. Has the Administration,
without consulting the Senate—has the Adminis-
tration of Mexico, without conforming to the pro-
visions of their constitution, the right to make a
modification of the treaty in so essential a provis-
sion as the time and mode of the payment of the
money, and also of the amount? But suppose they
have, we know what sort of people these Mexi-
cans are; we know what sort of faith they keep.
They are constantly revolutionizing their Govern-
ment.
117
By a pronunciamiento a President is made, and
by a pronunciamiento a President is removed.
They do not pretend to go through the forms of an
election. Now, suppose we were to pay the money
to the' present President of Mexico, at a discount
of seven per cent., and by the 1st of June, 1851,
he should be deposed and followed by another,
would there be no danger that we would be called
upon to pay the money a second time? Sir, our
pledges require that we should make payment on
the day on which it is stipulated that the money
shall be paid, and precisely on that day I hope the
money will be paid, and not a day sooner or later.
Then we shall have no difficulty.
Now, sir, I have but one other remark to make,
and I shall then close this debate. This bill is a
precise transcript of the bill which passed at the
last Congress, under Mr. Polk's administration, as
the gentleman from Ohio has already stated. In
preparing it, I directed the clerk to get that act and
copy it; and I -would not repeat the fact, except
that I speak louder than he does, and perhaps what
he said was not heard. When that bill was passed
I was a member of Congress, and heard then all
this story over and over which we have been fa-
vored with on this occasion. There was a dispo-
sition then manifested to assail Mr. Walker about
this matter. 1 inquired into it; indeed T conversed
with him on the subject, with a view to the defend-
ing of the bill, if necessary, but I am glad to say
he was not assailed. The gentleman from Ohio at
that time examined the matter, and he saw noth-
ing that Mr. Walker had done that was deserving
of reproach, and none was made. In this instance,
1 have looked into the matter, and have stated the
result of my examination to the House.
Now, if Mr. Webster and this Whig admin-
istration are undertaking, as the two gentlemen
from Ohio seem to think, to bolster up Santa Anna
at the expense of Arista, all I have to say is, let
us do our duty, and then, when you get evidence
of anything of the sort, why then—I must apolo-
gize for using in this House a vulgar phrase, but
a3 it is a very expressive one, and one which my
friend from Ohio will probably understand—then
give 'em jesse ! That is the best plan; and if he
can make anything out of it, I shall not be the
man to complain, God knows.
I have one other remark to make. I want this
House to see what will be the condition of this
thing if this bill passes, and what will be the con-
dition if it be rejected. If this bill be rejected at
this time, and the appropriation goes over till the
next session of Congress, and the appropriation
should not be made until the 4th of March, when
the payment will have to be made on the 30th of
May, the result will be that the Government will
either have to send the specie to Mexico, which
will cost, in round numbers, about $100,000, or
you will have to negotiate with these men; and
with no longer time to operate in than between the
time of the passage of the bill and the payment of
the money—about two months—they will give
us no such favorable terms as we have now offered
to us. The cost of sending the specie will be
about P00,000.
Mr. DISNEY. How do you make that out?
Mr. BAYLY. I will show you. You will
have to pay the freight, insurance, &c., upon the
specie to Vera Cruz.
Mr. DISNEY. How much is that?
Mr. BAYLY. About one per cent, in freight
and insurance. And when you get to Vera Cruz
you will have to employ wagons and teamsters, and
a small army to protect you from robbers by the
way; and then you have to run the risk, after all,
of being robbed of the whole of it; for I should
not be surprised if the Mexican Government should
not exert themselves very vigilantly to prevent it.
I have but little doubt the cost, taking into con-
sideration the risk, would be double the sum I
have named. Is my friend from Ohio satisfied ?
Then, sir, you would lose the premium of§117,600.
But that is not all. We have a large surplus in
the Treasury, which is drawing no interest. If
any advances are made, we will save the interest
upon them.
Yet some of my friends are almost disposed to
accuse the Committee of Ways and Means of a
disposition to plunder the Treasury, when we,are
trying to save thevGovernmenJt about §300,000-.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, interposing, and
the floor being yielded to him, said: Will thegen-
tleman allow me to say that he has made a remark
which I am sure he wilt qualify when his attention
is called to it. In the heatof argument the gentle-
man has dropped a suggestion in regard to the
Mexican Government which I am sure must have
been elicited by what has been said by gentlemen
on the other side, and not duly weighed by the gen-
tleman from Virginia. Whatever may have been
our former relations with Mexico, I have no doubt
my friend from Virginia would regard it as being
in bad taste, to say the least, to affirm that the
Mexican Government would not be above con-
niving at the robbery of the specie in process of
transportation to their capita! for the payment of
an instalment of the money due by this Govern-
ment. It ought to be recollected, that'the Mexi-
can Government has a diplomatic agent feere.
What would we think if Lord Palmerston.nn the
House of Lords in England, should say of the
American Government that in the case of trans-
portation of specie through the Republic, the Gov-
ernment would connive a robbery 
Mr. BAYLY. Suppose he should say so.
Mr. BROWN. Why, this Government would,
of course, resent it.
Mr. BAYLY. Sir, if I have said anything
wrong about these Mexicans——
Mr. BROWN. I merely wish to suggest to the
gentleman whether he does not think it proper to
qualify his remarks.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, I will qualify the re-
mark to please the gentleman; but 1 do not think
any the better of the Mexicans since the peace
than I did before and during the war. I believe
they are the same in all respects-
Mr. BRO WN. There is a difference between a
state of war and a state of peace.
Mr. BAYLY. Very well, then  
[Cries of " Take it back; take it back, Bat-
LY '71
Mr. BAYLY. Why the shortest way to get
clear of this thing is to take it all back. I suppose
every one understood my remark to be jocular.
Mr. ASHMUN (the floor being yielded) said
he would suggest to the gentleman from Illinois,
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign AfraiFS,
that he ought to retract what he had said in ref-
erence to the British Government stealing this
money. , , . „
Mr. BAYLY. Now I have got into a pretty
^Mr BROWN, of Mississippi, said he had sim-
ply called the attention of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to this matter, because on account of his po-
sition here, which is well understood m Mexico,
any expression used by him is calculated to have
weight and importance attached to it.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The gentleman from
Massachusetts has stated that X imputed to the
British Government a purpose to steal this money.
I said no such thing, and I do not believe the gen-
tleman understood me to say so. It wys certaimy
very far from my purpose to say so. 1 stated that
i the Mexican Government was indebted to^ the
i i British Government; that here was a proposition
>! to pay over this money to the Barings, and that
" it was not impossible that the British Government
mi^ht lay its hands on the money, and apply it to
the liquidation of a portion of the debt. I did not
impute dishonesty to the British Government. If
it be true that the Mexican Government owes the
British Government, would not the latter have a
right to detain the money of the former In the
hands of a subject of Great Britain? _
Mr. BAYLY (resuming) said: Sir, as toe gen-
tleman seems to think that from my official position
the remark I made will be excessively offensive to
the Mexican Government, I beg that the Reporters
will not take the slightest notice of it. But the
gentleman need have no fear; if this country arid
Mexico should get into difficulty about it, I trust
