1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
able Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] to introduce
a bill. I do hope the time has come when these
"aggressions" and "agitations" should cease.
[Laughter.] I hope we arrived at that time.
I trust that the Senate will not take up and debate
another of these distracting and aggressive meas-
ures, to wound the sensibilities of gentlemen here
by a discussion on this subject. I hoped we had
got through with these matters.
Mr. CLAY. One word only, sir. 1 consider
the passage of this bill as part of that great system
of policy which has for its object peace and quiet.
I agree entirely with the Senator that we ought to
put an end to all these "aggressions." This bill
proposes to put an end to an aggression. If the
Senator will only agree that this'aggression shall
terminate—if he will enter into bond and security
that ho more slaves shall be stolen from the Dis-
trict of Columbia—I presume gentlemen will not
ask for the passage of this bill.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I desire to say one
word. I am not at all afraid of discussion on this
matter. It is the last expiring effort to raise a
party in this country. I do not believe any party
could now be built up in relation to this question
of slavery. I think the question is settled in the
public mind. I do not think it worth while to
make speeches upon it.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator from Maryland
withdraw his motion, in order to allQW me to in-
troduce a bill of which I have given notice?
Mr. PRATT. I cannot withdraw my motion,
lest I should not have a chance to renew it. If
there is to be a contest on this subject, I shall call
for the yeas and nays on my motion.
Mr. WALKER. If Senators cannot have the
privilege of using the morning hour for the or-
dinary morning business, 1 should like to know
it. I shall concur in taking the yeas and nays..
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, what is the
question before the Senate? Is the question upon
aking up the bill of the Senator from Maryland?
[Mr. Pratt.]
The PRESIDENT. That is the question.
But the merits of that bill are not open for dis-
cussion.
Mr- CHASE. I withdrew a moment since, in
deference to what seemed to be the general desire
of the Senate, that no further discussion should
take place upon questions of this character, a bill
which I regard as infinitely more important than
that of the Senator from Maryland. If it be the
pleasure of the Senate now, to be indicated by the
vote to take up this bill, and protract discussion
upon these questions to the hindrance of other
business, I shall feel it tny duty again to ask
leave to introduce that bill. 1 know no reason
why the security of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia should he preferred to the security of free-
dom in the Territories.
The honorable Senator fram Kentucky tells us
that this is a part of the scheme of adjustment, and
that, therefore, it ought to be taken up for consid-
eration. If it be a part of that scheme, it has re-
cently been adopted as such. It received no
consideration, so far as I am aware, from the
Committee of Thirteen. It was brought in by
tire Senator from Maryland, and affects this Dis-
trict only. It is a measure which has never been
called for by the people of this District, during the
fifty years that slavery has existed here by act of
Congress.!
Mr. PliATT. I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator must confine
himself to the subject under consideration, which
is, Shall the bill of the Senator from Maryland be
taken up for consideration ?
Mr. CHASE. I am urging reasons why it
should not be taken up, and I have only followed
the course of the Senator from Kentucky.
I deny, sir, that this bill is a part of the scheme
of compromise and adjustment, because it has
never received the consideration of the committee
which was appointed to consider the questions
relating to slavery. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky has said that all these questions ^ are
settled. Some of them are, indeed, settled. The
question of the Texan boundary is settled, contin-
gent only upon the acceptance of Texas, which I
apprehend will be given very promptly. The
question of the admission of California is settled.
The question of slavery in the Teiritories has
been avoided. It has not been settled.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must inter-
fere. The Senator is not speaking to any question
before the Senate.
Mr. CHASE. I am pursuing the line of remark
which the Senator from Kentucky adopted. If
that be out of order, [.shall submit.
Mr- CLAY. The Senator should recollect that
the question is on the second reading of the bill—
a mere matter of form.
The motion of the honorable Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Chase] was to introduce a bill, and therefore
the whole subject was fully open for discussion.
The motion now is simply to take up a bill as a
matter of form to give it its second reading, and
it ought to be recollected by the Senator from Ohio
that when it was proposed the other day, accord-
ing to almost invariable custom, to give this bill
its second reading, it was objected to by the Sen-
ator who now sits before me, [Mr. Hale.] This
is merely a question of form. It comes up regu-
larly for its second reading, and when it is taken
up it will be in order to make objections to and
discuss it.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a single word in
answer to the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay.] The Senator suggests that the other
day I objected to the second reading of the bill,
which is merely a matter of form. It is true that
I did object, and now I want to mention another
fact. When a motion was made fifteen minutes
ago to introduce a bill—a thing whflch 1 have never
heard objected to during all the time that I have
| been in Congress, in either House—the Senator
I from Kentucky objected, and called for the yeas
and nays upon it. So that, if mine was an offence, |
1 should think his must be magnum scandaLatum, |
or something worse, because it is an every*day ,
thing to object to a second reading, but to object
to the introduction of a bill is certainly a very ex-
traordinary one.
*The motion to take up the bill was carried on
division—ayes 26, noes not counted.
The bill was then read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It is as
follows:
%-Znd be it enacted by the Senate and Hotise of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jhnetica in Consresf a^sembted,
That if any free personor persons within the District of Co-
lumbia shall entice or induce, by persuasion or other means,
any slave or slaves to run away from his, her, or their owner
or lawful possessor, or shall in aay manner aid, abet, or
assist any slave or slaves in running away or escaping from
the owner or lawful possessor of such .slave or slaves, or
shall harbor any slave or slaves with the intent to assist
him, her, or them to escape from the service ofVuch owner
■ or possessor, such person or persons shall be liable to in-
dictment in ihe criminal court of the District of Columbia,
J and upon conviction, by verdict, confession, or otherwise,
; shall be imprinted in the penitentiary for any ume not ex-
ceeding five years.
i Sec. 2. J3nd he it further enacted, That m case any slave
1 or slaves so induced, pursuaded, or enticed to run av\ ay, or
I assisted in running away, or harbored with the intent to as-
j sist him, her, or them in running away, or escaping from
service, shall actually run away and e&cape from the service
of the lawful owner or owners, any person convicted as
aforesaid of such enticing, persuading, assisting, or haibor-
ing, j^hall also be sentenced by the said court to p*y to the
owner or owners of said slave or slaves the valine of the
same, to be assessed and determined by the said court, to be
recovered by execution as in cases* of other judgments.
Sec. 3. Jhid be it fwther enacted, That each of the cor-
porations of the cities of Washington and Georgetown, and
the levy court of Washington county, respectively, shall
be, and they are hereby invested with the power, by police
regulations not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws
of the United States, to prohibit the coming of free negroes
to reside within their respective jurisdictional limit?, and to
i remove therefrom such as may come within those limits
' contrary to such prohibition, and to regulate the behavior of
t those now residing or who may be permuted hereafter to
i reside therein, and to enforce such removal, or a compliance
i with such regulations, by fine not exceeding two hundred
I dollars, and imprisonment at labor not exceeding six months,
I or either, at their discretion.
I Mr. CLAY. I do not wish to take up the time
j of the Senate at all upon the subject of this bill;
; but I propose to strike out the third section, which
, excludes free persons of color from this District.
I have no doubt that they have been increasing a
I great deal, and that something ought to be done.
, But before we drive them away we should ascer-
j tain where they are to go, and where they can go.
! The subject ought to be taken up and most dehb-
! erately examined, and some provision made, in
! the spirit of the age and of humanity, in reference
i to persons of color. The other provisions of the
: bill, if that is stricken out 
I Mr. PRATT. If the Senator will permit me
! to interrupt him, I will say that I think he mtsap-
! prebends the section of the bill to which he refers.
. The retrospective action of this section has been
i! altered.
Mr. CLAY. Ah! indeed.
Mr. PRATT. It is only to prevent free hfegroes
coming into*the District hereafter: . . '
Mr. CLAY. Very well. Then I agree to, it,
and will withdraw my motion to strike out. 5 '
The motion was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. I rise now to make a motion"for
the special benefit of those of my friends tharkire
in favor of abolishing slavery in the District of
Columbia, but who have been waiting for,a good
time and an appropriate measure by which it may
be done. I do not propose to trust myself with
the details of such a measure, but I propose to
give those gentlemen a fair chance of expressing
upon the record what their sentiments are, untram-
meled by any "inexpedient*1 and "indiscreet"
details; and in order to give the largest scope for
discretion? I move that the bill be committed to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, with in-
structions so to amend it as t,o abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia. On that motion 1 ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CLAY. Then I hope we shall have them
without discussion.
Mr. HALE. I hope so too.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken resulted as follows:
Y EAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Chase, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Ewing, Hale, Hamlin, Seward, and
Wmthrop—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Bell, Gen- ^
ton, Bright, Butler, Cass, Clay, Cooper, Davisof Mississippi,
Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Down*, FeJch, Foote, Fremont, Gwin, Houston, Hunter,
Jones, King, Mason, Morton, Norris, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
i Shields, Smith, SouI6, Spiuance, Sturgeon, Turney, Under-
| wood, Wales, Wlutcomb, and Yulee—41.
j So the proposition to commit the bill was re-
!jected.
| Mr. BALDWIN. I move to amend the bill
j by adding the following :
| Be it further enacted, That the seventh section "of the act
I entitled " An act additional to and amendatory of an act en-
j tilled ail act concerning the Disti ict ot Columbia," approved
: May 3, 1802, be, and the. s.irne is hereby, repealed.
i The section proposed to be repealed is section
! seven, of chapter LU., of the United States Stat-
, ntes at Large, volume 2, m the following words:
I Sec. 7. Be it further enacted, That no part of the laws of
' i "Virginia or Marj land, declared by an act of Congress passed
the 27th day ot February, 1850, " concerning the District of
Columbia," to be in force within the said District, shall ever
be so construed as to prohibit the owners of slaves to hire
them within or remove them to the said District, m the
same way as was practiced prior to the above recited act.
This clause in the act of 1802 has reference now
only to the State of Maryland, and if it continues
to be a part of the code of the District, it gives to
the people of Maryland a right to introduce their
slaves into the District of Columbia, which is
denied to the people of Virginia and to every other
slavehoiding State. While the county of Alexan-
dria continued a part of the District of Columbia
this provision of the act of 1802 had relation a3
well to the State of Virginia as to the State of
Maryland. Slaves might be introduced from the
State of Virginia into that part of the District
which was ceded by Virginia, and slaves might
be introduced from the State of Maryland into that
part which was ccded'by Maryland. But as the
law then stood, although they might thus be intro-
duced by Maryland and Virginia into the parts of
the District respectively ceded by those Stares, they
could not, when thus introduced, be passed from
one of those counties to the other.
In 1812 an act of Congress was passed authori-
zing slaves who had thus been introduced lawfully
from Virginia into the county of Alexandria, and
from Maryland into the county of Washington, to
be transferred from one county to the other in the
District, and there held in slavery in the same
manner as they might have been in the county into
which they were originally introduced. But since
the retrocession of Alexandria to Virginia, no
slave can be introduced into the District from the
State of Virginia, or from any slave State except
Maryland,'(unless when accompanying their
owners on their removal to the District.) We
were assured a few days since by the Senator from
Maryland that probably five-sixths of the slaves
now in the District of Columbia had been introduced
in consequence of this clause in the act of
Now, why, I ask, if it be the policy of this Dis-
trict, and of Congress, to refuse to permit the
introduction of slaves into this District from the
State of Virginia, or any other slave State, should
it be permitted to Maryland to have the exclusive
