T<
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ten, McQueen, McWillie, Meade, Miller, Morse,Olds, Orr,
Parker, Peaelee, Peek, Potter, Powell, Richardson, Bob-
bins,, Robinson, Root, Ross, Savage, Seddon, Frederick P.
Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, James Thompson, William Thompson, Vena-
ble, Wafden, Wallace, Wellborn, Wildriek, Wilraot, and
Wood—85.
So the House decided that the appeal should not
be laid upon the table.
And the question recurring, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House ?"
Mr. TOOMBS (addressing the Chair) said, I
believe the motion is debatable.
The SPEAKER.. The appeal is debateable.
Mr. TOOMBS said the question now submitted
to the House was, Has the resolution now on the
table precedence over the general business of the
House? That was the first question. If it were
a question of precedence, why was it so? He
very much regretted to see the parliamentary latv,
especially no w-a-days, regarded as a mere question,
to be determined or to be set aside according to the
political complexion of the majority of the House.
Nothing could be more unfortunate for the coun-
try or for the deliberations of the House. The ques-
tion was above that of their Doorkeeper—a person
for whom he probably felt as little concern as any
gentleman in the House. But it became of very
grave consequence that the House should determine
upon its own law. It concerned the rights and
privileges of every member that the parliamentary
law should be enforced; it concerned also the right
of every officer of the House. It seemed <tere
had been a majority of some five members against
laying this appeal on the table; thus seeming to
sustain the principle that the Doorkeeper of the
House could be discharged at any moment and
without any charges brought against him—that the
proposition should be received as a question of
privilege. Suppose that to-morrow a majority of
five, or even of one, could be found in favor of it,
it would be competent for that majority, under the
principle which was now sanctioned here, to turn
out the Speaker and every officer of the House.
They could do it according to the decision formetly
made by the Speaker and overuled by the House;
and so far as he (Mr. T.) was concerned, if that
principle were to be established in this House, he
should be m favor of carrying it out.
He desired to know whether the law of Par-
liament should govern this House, or whether it
should be left to the unbridled license of a mere
majority. Was there any parliamentary law—
were the rules of the House, made in pursuance of
the Constitution, binding upon the consciences of
gentlemen on this floor? It was a question which
concerned the vital interests of the Republic—
which was intimately connected with the welfare
of the nation. He wished it decided. If there
were no binding force in their rules—if gentlemen
of the majority desired to act upon lawless princi-
ples, let it be understood; he was prepared for it.
He said, then, that this was not a privileged
question—that it had not precedence over the regu-
lar order of business, first, because it was not so
stated in the rules, because it had 110 place in the
calendar over other business; and second, this be-
ing the case, if it were a privileged question—a
question having precedence over other questions-
it must be so solely because it was a question of
privilege. This the Speaker had decided it to be,
and the decision had been overruled by the House.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, interposed, and
said he would suggest to the gentleman from Geor-
gia, that the debate upon this question should take
place, not upon the appeal, but upon the question
whether this was a privileged question—in other
words, he submitted that the appeal was not de-
batable. This was strictly a question of priority
of business, arid not debatable under the rules.
The debate would properly arise upon the ques-
tion, whether this was a question of privilege?
Mr. TOOM BS said, he would have no objection
to postponing his remarks, if he could get the floor
again. But this was not a question of priority of
business—priority was claimed for it as a question
of privilege. That was one of*the highest ques-
tions winch could be raised.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Georgia
will suspend his remarks. Does the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. McLaste] submit the point
of order, that the appeal is not debatable?
Mr. McLAJNt,. I do submit the point of order
that the appeal is not debatable; that it was strictly
~ a question of priority of business.
April 18,
- The SPEAKER. The appeal raises the very
question suggested by the gentleman from Mary-
land, and the decision upon the appeal will deter-
mine whether or not this is a question of privilege.
In the opinion of the Chair, this is the legitimate
place for the discussion and decision of the ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. TOOMBS resumed. An appeal, he said,
was taken; and he held that the judgment of the
Speaker was right, and that it was not a question
of priority of business under the rule; but it was
sought to give it priority as a question of privilege.
On whatground, then, was it a question of privilege ?
Gentlemen seemed to argue this question as though
all the rights of the House were the privileges of
the House. According to that view everything
they did would be a question of privilege; at least
everything they did within the sphere of their
authority under the Constitution of the United
States. But what he understood to be a question
of privilege concerned the invasion of the rights
of Parliament, or of some of its members. A
breach of the privileges of Parliament or any of its
members was a piivileged question, and overrode
all other business, because it concerned the rights,
and might concern the very existence ot the body
itself. If the gentleman who had moved these
resolutions had stated that this Mr. Horner was
violating the privileges of the House of Repre-
sentatives, it would then be for the House to deter-
mine whether or not it was a privileged question,
by reason of its being a breach of the rights of the
House. No such question has been made. It
was the undoubted right of the House to dis-
charge its Clerk or its Speaker; but it must be
done in accordance with its own rules and order of
business. But two officers were necessary to the
oiganization of the House—first the Speaker, and
next the Clerk; land until these two officers were
elected, the law of 1789 provided that they could
proceed to no other business. After their election,
the House could proceed to acts of legislation, or
to the appointment of any other officers they saw
fit to constitute. ' They had constituted, for their
own convenience, the offices of Doorkeeper and
Postmaster; they had had no Postmaster, he be-
lieved, until 1816, after the war. They might
elect the pages, and might create any number of
other officers and elect them, but the election would
have to take place in conformity to the rules of the
House; and the election of any other officers than
the Speaker and Clerk, could not be necessary to
the organization of the House, or be made a privi-
leged question.
The mistake of gentlemen was based upon the
fallacious idea, that any officers whom the House
might create for its own convenience, were neces- j
sary to the organization of the House, and that then-
election was a privileged question; whereas, as he .
had shown, the reverse was the fact, and the elec-
tion must be made under the order ot business pre-
scribed by the rules of the House. Therefore, he
said, that this question bad not precedence over
other business—that it was not a privileged ques-
tion, nor a question of privilege, unless it could
| be shown to reter to some alleged invasion of
j the rights or the privileges of the House, or of
some ot its members, and this was not contended.
He hoped, therefore, that gentlemen on the other
side of the House would pause before they pro-
ceeded further to set aside and violate the parlia-
mentary rules by the force of the will of a bare
majority.
CHARGES AGAINST THE DOORKEEPER.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he had list-
ened to the speech of his friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and he concurred in many parts of it.
He (Mr. B.) had not made the motion in any
spirit of capuousness towards the Doorkeeper of
the House. But for the information of the gentle-
man from Georgia and others, he might say that
he had offered the resolution because, if received
It would bring with it against the Doorkeeper of!.'
4he House, charges which, if sustained, would:
make it a question of privilege. He had drawn
up these charges and would read them as follows:
Mr. BROWN, a member of the House, from Mis-is.,,ppi
makes the tollowirig charges aganj.t Robert li. Horner
Doorkeeper ol the House 01 Kepresenta'ives :
1. That the said Horner made a tals-e certificate under mil
by vutue ol which Ins biutlier drew pay as an otneer ot the
House at toe Inn,, when Ins sai(i b'r„uK1 wi Zto. wu v
absent Ironi the city of Washington, and held an office m
the State ol Wisconsin, the duties of which he was dis-
charging, and (or which he was receiving a salary from the
United States.
2 That he has dismissed from his place a page of this
House without cause, and in his attempted justification,
made a false charge aaainst the said page, calculated to dis-
P«e him, and subject him to a criminal prosecution.
3. Thatsaid Hoiner has made a false statement in regard
to the manner of discharging his official duties.'
If the resolution were received^ he did not intend
to ask the House to pass it, but to refer it, with the
charges, to a committee, to be inquired into—to
ascertain whether the charges were true.
Mr. TOOMBS asked the gentleman to withdraw
the resolution. He had now made charges which
it was proper that the House should inquire into,
and that there should be a committee raised for this
purpose. He (Mr. T.) had no objection to the
raising of a committee—he was only anxious that
the law of Parliament should be preserved.
Mr. BROWN said, if that were the sense of the
House, he was willing to comply with it. He
wanted to get at the root of these charges—he be-
lieved that the dignity of the House required it.
He wanted to disabuse the mind of every gentle-
man who supposed that he was pursuing the
Doorkeeper in any spirit of vengeance towards
him. It was well known to the House that he
had voted for the acting- Doorkeeper; he had
thought well of him. He had had reason to
change his opinion—at any rate he had changed
his opinion. He wanted these charges inquired
into. If they were false, he wished the gentleman
to be reinstated in his opinion and retained as
Doorkeeper. If they were true, he thought he
should be dismissed At the suggestion of his
friend from Georgia, he withdrew the resolution.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said, that for him-
self, he had always entertained the very decided
opinion that the decision originally made by the
Chair, and overruled by the House, was correct;
and he concurred entirely in the general view of
the gentleman from Georgia—that the parliament-
ary law, as established by this House, should, if
possible, be maintained by it. He felt the ques-
tion to be sufficiently important to justify inves-
tigation as a question of privilege; and he united
with the gentleman from Georgia in the appeal to
the gentleman from Mississippi, to let this question
go clear of all doubt, as a question of privilege,
upon the charges preferred by the gentleman from
Mississippi. He hoped their friends on this side
of the House would unite in this course of action.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Brown.) Does the
gentleman from Mississippi withdraw his appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and prefer the
charges which he has made?
Mr. BROWN replied in the affirmative.
Mr. AVERETT inquired of the gentleman from
Mississippi, whether one of his specifications had
not already been a matter of investigation before
one of the standing committees of the House?
Mr. BROWN. Not by order of the House,
lhe SPEAKER, (to Mr. Brown.) The gin -
tleman from Mississippi will state his motion.
Mr. BROWN. Having withdrawn my resolu-
I tion, I now move that the charges which I have
preferred be referred to a select committee of five
members.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
this motion.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So it was ordered that aselect committee, to con-
sist of five members, should be appointed to inves-
tigate the charges ptefeired by Mr. Brown, of
Mississippi, against the acting Doorkeeper of the
House.
Mr. BROWN rose and asked to be excused
from service upon the committee, having preferred
the charges.
ANOTHER INVESTIGATION PROPOSED.
Mr. RICHARDSON rose and asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow him to offer
the following resolutions, which he would send to
the Clerk s table to be read for information:
Rested, That a select committee of nine he appointed.
Kith power to send for peison.- and papers, to mnuiiu and
report to uu  Home, whether Thomas Ewing, Selietaiy of
lhe Interior, reopened and paid to G W. & VV, G. Ewiii" a
claim against the Treasury of the United States, ol j-77,oI>.J,
alter the &aine_had been adjudicated and rejected" bv tin;
prupur oiheer ot the Government, before said Ewing was in-
ducted into s.xui olhue ot the interior ; who were tne a«w;tits
and attorneys tor >aid claim; what clerk m the othZe of
isaui Department ot the Intenor had interes-t in  aid chum,
o1 w it any, was acquired.
v\ hcthei said Kwirig reopened and paid interest, to the
