1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
amount of $31,000, on the pension granted to Commodore
Jame.-> Bariow, tor services rendered in the Virginia navy
♦luring the {evolutionary war, after the principal had been
fully pud and discharged. and it said interest was paid, was
it simple or compound, who was the agent or attorney for
said claim, and the authority of law for such payment if
any. • '
3d. Whether s-aid Ewinsj reopened and paid a claim to a
person or persons, on behalf of the Chickasaw Indians, of
$108,000, aftei the same had been adjudicated and rejected
by the proper officer of the Government, before said JBwmk
was inducted into the office of the Interior; who was the
&2ent or agents, attorney or attorneys, and who was the
puty or parties in interest, and whether either ot said
agents, attorneys, or parties 111 interest held at the time of
such payment, any ortiee under this Government, or now
holds such 6ffice, and if so what office.
4th. Whether said Ewing usurped the power of appoint-
ment in the Pension and Genei al Land Othce, and whether
the same was m violation of law; also, v-hether any clerk of
said E wing's appointment reviews the opinions and doewons
of the Comnusaionei ol Pen>ions by order and direction of
&aid Ewing, and it so, the authority for such order and di-
rection.
5th. Wiiat persons in office by appointment from said
Ewntg are correspondents for newspapers, their salaries,
and what papers they edit or write toi.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions can only be
entertained by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the reception of the
resolutions. 1 do not like their language. If the
gentleman seeks to inquire into the conduct of an
officer, he should employ language becoming the
character of the House. I do not object to the in-
quiry; I object to the torms of the resolutions.
Mr. RICH ARDSON. Will the gentleman from
Georgia specify the language to which he objects?
Mr. STANLY. I move a suspension of the
rules, to allow these resolutions, and all others like
them, to come in.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina must be aware that a motion to suspend
the rules is not in order.
Objection being made, the resolutions were not
received.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved that the House ;
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the ;
state of the Union. This motion (he said) ought j
to prevail in justice to the gentleman from Tenses- ;
see, [Mr. Ewing,] who had the floor upon the j
California question in committee. ]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, appealed |
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] ■
to withdraw the motion, to allow him to report
back from the Judiciary Commiu.ee the census bill
of the Senate, with amendments. I
Mr. McCLERNAND said he would withdraw
his motion il the gentleman from Pennsylvania !
would renew it. !
* Mr. THOMPSON (accepting the condition) j
asked the consent of the House to report from the j
Committee on the Judiciary the census bill of the j
Senate, with amendments. I
Mr. PRESTON KING objected to the recep- [
tion of the report, which (he said) he thought !
had better lie over until to-morrow morning. |
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (to Mr. '
King.) Does the gentleman from New York '
know what bill I am attempting to report? |
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order. The !
motion can only be entertained by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. THOMPSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to ask the gentleman from New York why he
makes the objection ?
The SPEAKER. It is out of order to make
the inquiry.
The question was announced upon the motion
of Mr. McClernand, that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. SWEETSER appealed to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] to withdraw the
motion, to enable him to offer a resolution relative
to the investigation concerning the Doorkeeper,
which he considered very important to be adopted.
Mr. McCLERNAND declined to withdraw the
motion, remarking that he was desired by gentle-
men on all sides to adhere to it.
CALIFORNIA.
The question being taken and agreed to,
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rich-
ardson—in the absence of Mr. Boyd—m the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the Cali-
fornia question.
Mr. EWING, of Tennessee, was entitled to the
floor, and addressed the committee during the
allotted hour, [in remarks which will be published
hereafter.] Before proceeding to the general sub-
ject before the committee, he desired, he said, to
advert for one moment to the prophecies which
had gone abroad m relation to the course which
would probably be pursued by the citizens of Nash-
ville towards the members of the proposed South-
ern Convention. Predictions had been hazarded
that the people would not manifest a spirit of kind-
ness or respect towards the members of that body.
His silence might perhaps be construed into an
admission of the truth of these predictions. The
majority of the citizens of Nashville might proba-
bly deem that thecal! of that Convention was in-
opportune and unwise. Such, m fact, was his in-
formation. But he believed it equally true, that
however they might disagree as to the propriety
of the assembling of this Convention now, they en-
tertained a sincere sympathy with the South, and
would extend to the members of the Convention
every consideration which courtesy, kindness, and
a true feeling of brotherhood could elicit. His
peculiar position seemed to render this allusion
necessary and proper.
Mr. E. then passed on to the question under
consideiation. He referred with gratification to
the conciliatory tone which had stamped the re-
cent character of the discussions in the committee.
He expressed his belief that we were at last ap-
proaching a rational and satisfactory adjustment of
out* difficulties. Pie would not, he said, enter into
a discussion of the general question of slavery.
He considered that there was in Tact but one great,
isolated issue before the committee—and that was,
the admission of California into the Union, the es-
tablishment of territorial governments for Utah
and New Mexico, and the definition of the dis-
puted boundary line of Texas. These points
formed one great, distinct issue—united by God
and Nature m such a way that they could not be
separated. They formed an indissoluble trio, by
means of which all pending difficulties were to be
adjusted and brought to a peaceful and happy
settlement. He declared that he had insupeiabie
objections to the plan of policy legommended by
the President. It would not accomplish the great
object m view. It would not settle the question,
nor would it pioduce the peace and harmony
which any plan, looking to an ciFectual and final
adjustment, must insure. He spoke strongly of
the necessity of conciliation; no plan could suc-
ceed m us absence. I~ie did not mean a plan to sat-
isfy the extreme ends of the North and the South,
but a plan which would satisfy the masses of the
people in both sections. And, in his opiryon,
any plan that was/air would satisfy these masses.
It was a certain result, springing from republi-
can principles, and lying at the root of' all truly
republican Governments. The President's plari-
had not effected this end in the South, and even if
it had done so m the North, that was not enough.
If some such plan as he spoke of, was not cor-
ned into effect, nothing could follow but disaster
and ultimate disunion. Mr. E. then proceeded to
enforce, by argument, the duty and necessity of
uniting m one great plan of settlement the several
subjects referred to, and expressed himself favora-
bly towaids the plan of adjustment pioposed by
the gentleman from Illinois) [Mr. McClernanu.]
Mr. ALSTON next addressed the committee in
defence of the institution of slavery, by arguments
drawn from the Scriptuies.
; [A report of both the above speeches will be
I published in the Appendix.]
| Mr. CLEVELAND obtained the floor, and
1 yielded to a motion that the committee rise; which
J being agreed to,
! Tne committee rose, and reported progress.
! THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON, of Missis-
j sippi, no objection being made,
; The bill making appropriations to supply defi-
| ciencies in the appropriations for the present fiscal
j year, which had been returned with amendment^
, from the Senate, was taken up, and referred to the
j Committee of Ways and Means.
I Mr. JOtiNbON, of Tennessee, asked leave to
i withdraw certain private papers.
| Objection was made.
! A motion was made that the House adjourn.
Before propounding the question—
The SPEAKER rose and said that it might be
desirable for him personally to be absent from the
House to-morrow, and possibly the next day. By
the rules of the House, the Speaker was permit-
ted to designate a member to take the chair only
until the adjournment, thus rendering it necessary
that he should be present at the opening of the
House. If it should be necessary for him to be
absent to-morrow, and possibly the next day, he
desired the unanimous consent of the House to
allow him the privilege of designating a member
to take the chair during his absence. If no ob-
jections were made, the motion would be consid-
ered agreed to, and entered upon the Journal.
No objection was made.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and, being agreed to,
The House adjourned.
—Mr. BUTLER, of Connecticut, did not
vote upon any of the questions which came before
the House yesterday or to-day, having paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Waldo, who is absent
from the city.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of Jonathan Martin and
others, of Canada, New Hampshire, for Comjre.ss to pass a
law during Us present session, to establish a uniform rate of
posffRe, not to exceed one cent on newspapers and two
cents on each prepaid letter of half an ounce, for ail dis-
tances, and for other corresponding reforms.
ANo,the petition of Charles Shedd ami others, of Camp-
ton, New Hampshire, in favor of stipulated aibitratioii, or a
congrcfas of nations, tor the accomplishment of peace.
AUo, the petition of John G. Moi*e and otiieid, of the
United tfttte-, tnat the Woodworth patent {so called) may
not he further extended.
Also, the petition of E. M. Griflhig and 12 others, of Her-
kimer county, New Yoik, praying the release of Drayton
and Savie, impeachment of certain officers,and the aboli-
tion ot slaverv ih the District of Columbia.
A No, tho petition of Newman ScofieJd and others, of Len-
ox, New York, to secuie to alleged fugitives the right of
trial by jury.
Also, the petition of John Ilolt and others, of Sherburne,
New York, lor the same.
AL-o,thc petition of A Bates and others, of Smyrna, New
York, for the same.
AUo, tin? pttition of Chester Bryan and others, of Sher-
burne, New York, for the same.
Also, the petition of Benjamin Hartwell and others, of
Phelp-, New York, for the sdine
Aho, the petition ot Samuel Howard and others, of Perry,
New York, tor the tame.
Also, the petition ot T. R. Townsend and others, of Vol-
ney, New York, fur the same.
Al.-o, the petit/on of W. W. Woodworth and 178 others,
ot Ontario, New York, for the same.
Also, the petition of Jonathan Garland and others, of
Winslow, Maine, for the same.
AK-o, the petition ot Jonathan Martin and others, of Can-
dia, New Hampsime,, fur the same.
Also, the pennon or Ff. G. Bradley and others,of Norfolk,
New York, tor the same.
Also, the petition ofM. Beckwith and others, of Nassau,
New York, for the same.
Also, the petition of James \V. Reed and others, of Lock-
port, New Yoik, for the same.
Al^o, the pi.tmon of Samuel Church and others, ot Pitcher,
Nf.w Yoik, fot the same.
Al>o, the petition of Oiiando Squires and others, of Little
Falls, New York, lor the tame.
AUo. the petition of Robert A. Currier and 49 others., of
Auizu^ta, New York, for the same.
AUo, the petition of John Holt and others, of Sherburne,
New York, foi the repeal of all laws enacted or adopted by
Congress for the support of slavery m the ihsinct ot Co-
lumbia.
AUo, the petition of T. R. Townsend and others, for ihe
same.
Also, the petition of Henry F. Newton and other*, for Use
same.
AI>o, the petition of A. Bates and others, for the ! ame.
Also, the petition ot Chester Br^ait and other*, lor the
same.
Also, the pemiof ot Samuel Howard and others, of Perry,
New Yoik, !or the same.
AUo, the petition of Benjamin Hartwell and others, of
Pht Ips, New York, for the same.
Also, the pumou of VY. W. Woodworth and others, of
Ph. Ip*, \ew York, for the 'same.
AUo, the petition ot Carr B. Haines and others, of Can-
dia. New Hampshne, for the same.
AUo. the petition of Jonathan Garland and others, of
Window, Maine, for the same.
ANo, the petition of H. G. Bradley and others, of Norfolk,
fot (he taint*.
AUo, the petition of M. Beckwith and others, of Nassau,
New York, for the same.
Als<«, the petition of James W. Reed and others, of Lock-
port, New Yoik, fo the same.
ANo, the pennon or Newman Scotield and others, of Len-
ox, New York, for the same.
Also, the petition of M. Hettmgus and others, of Litlte
Falls, New Yoik, lor the s-arne.
AUo, the petition of 3. W. Wells and others, of Augusta,
New Yoi k, lor the same.
Also, the petition of the Collins monthly meeting of
