1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL* GLOBE.
Sept, 19,
imposes on the revenues of. the country. This
spirit of progression must be infused into it by the
Government: the officers of the navy may give
impulse to this forward movement, or they may
retard it. So far'as their old habits and preju-
dices may have presented obstacles to improve-
ment, 'undoubtedly the responsibility is wholly
theirs.
But, Mr. Chairman, 1 proceed to my object,
which is to present some general views in reference
to the several appropriations contained in this bill,
and to show in what manner an important reduc-
tion may be effected, without interfering in the
slightest degree with the efficiency of the service.
Economy and efficiency are not antagonisticai; on
the contrary, they are entirely harmonious—in-
deed, mutually indispensable the one to the other.
But before 1 attempt to point out those parts of tlfe'
appropriation in which reductions are practicable,
I hope I shall be excused for briefly alluding to a
few items, favorite objects of reduction to some
gentlemen, in which 1 think no reductions ough
to be made.
The appropriation for the Observatory ought
not to be diminished. It is not in this quarter that
any curtailment is to result in advantage to the
Service, either by the amount of saving, or by the
correction of any abuse known or suspected to
exist. There is no idleness or extravagance here.
Nights of laborious observation, succeeded by
days of intense study and close analysis of the
results, are not better compensated than the ordi-
nary duties of officers m positions requiring far
less scientific acquirements, and far less constant
exertion of mind and body. 1 have repeatedly
expressed my conviction, that in time of peace
there is no emoloyment in which any portion of
the navy can be engaged more honorable, more
useful, or more creditable to the Government, than
the labors of this institution. War has its tri-
umphs,_but these are the triumphs of peace—the
proudest ornaments of an elevated civilization.
They bring not less glory to the Government, nor
less real renown to the intellects that achieve them.
They will be written on the firmament and recorded
among the stars, legible to all future generations,
■when the petty conflicts and fleeting triumphs of
existing naval powers will have been long for-
gotten.
I hope this establishment will be fosteied as long
as the Government shall exist; it shall certainly
never be without my ardent support, whether di-
rectly given in the public councils, or more quietly
as a private citizcn. I say the same of the prepa-
rations for the American Nautical Almanac, and
of the Naval School at Annapolis. The expense
of all these is inconsiderable—unworthy of a mo-
ment's hesitation—when taken in connection with
the important objects to be attained by them. Less
than one hundred thousand dollars supports them
all.
The appropriations in this bill are:
For the Observatory $35,135
American Nautical Almanac  12,850
Naval School  2d,200
Total.-: #76,185
Strike them all out, and you gain very tittle in
reducing the mass of expenditures in this bill,
while you will have destroyed some of the best
•works that can be accomplished by the peaceful
labors of a gallant navy. Whoever should pro-
pose to begin the curtailments of the naval expend-
itures at this point, will begin at the wrong end,
and, in my judgment, will finish by doing nothing
hut mischief. I would prefer to increase the
amounts, so far as to restore the sums which the
Committee of Ways and Means have cut off from
the estimates submitted by the department. At
the proper time 1 shall move to do this, and will
explain the amendments in detail. 1 hope the dis-
tinguished chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means will see the error into which he has
been betrayed upon this point, and that he will ac-
quiesce in the propriety of restoring the appropri-
ations to their original amounts. The liberal prin-
ciples upon which he acted, when I had the honor
to serve with him on the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, lead me to believe that my expectation will
not be disappointed.
Lastly, Mr. Chaiiman, t would not attempt to
curtail this large expenditure by reducing the rate
of pay to the officers or men. I am well satisfied
that no important results could be produced by
such a measure. It would make but a slight im-
pression upon the nine and a half millions of dol-
lars, while the tendency of it would be pernicious
in other respects. An important saving, however,
may be effected in this item, by means to which I
will, in the proper place, again recur.
I come now to the important question, how is
the reduction of these enormous appropriations to
be effected ? Where shall we apply the pruning
knife in such a manner as to diminish the general
mass, and yet increase the fruit of the tree ? The
American people would not hesitate to pay nine
or ten millions to maintain the navy, if they could
see an advantage—a result adequate to the great
outlay. The question of economy, therefore, is a
question of efficiency—a question of profit and
loss—a question of return for expenditures. With
this view of the subject, let us look at the details
of the bill.
The whole appropriation is $9,427,95*2
Of this, there is appropriated l< r dry-
dock-*, by eontiact<, which cannot *
be disreyaided, and which will end
wil'h this oppropriaimn $1,565,582
Repairs and improvements of navy-
jatds, not to he reduced thi" year,
but which probably may the next 785,986
For iranspoitation of the mails* by
the ocean lino of steaineis 874,600
Making together  $3,826,128
And leaving for other purposes  $6 501,£28
The first and second of these large items are for
permanent improvements, and the expenditure will
not require to be renewed. But for the necessity
of a naval station at San Francisco, two out of
these three millions might be set down as not
again recurring to swell the appropriations of
future years. Even as it is, however, with that
necessity acknowledged, the annual amount will
not be near so large and will soon cease entirely.
It is, then, in the balance of six and a half mil-
lions, as above stated, that the reduction is to be
made, if made at all. Let us see what are the
chief items contained in this aggregate sum, and
how far they are susceptible of diminution with
advantage to the service. They are as follow:
Pay of officers and men $2,758,262
Provisions  686,200
Marine corps  371,722
Repairs and Hemp 1,750,000
Ordnance    19o,00G
Contingencies.  *.... 532,145
$6,2!)4,329
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that one third of this
sum, or at least two millions of dollars, can be
saved in the future, and that without doing the
slightest injury to the great objects for which the
navy is maintained. 1 shall send to the Clerk's
desk to be read, a short amendment, from which
I am sure this result will foliow, if the Executive
will heartily concur in carrying it out according to
its spirit. No important reform can be effected
without the harmonious concurrence of the two
great departments of the Government, the legisla-
tive and the executive. I will endeavor to show
how the provisions of this amendment may be
made to effect the results claimed for it.
The amendment w^s read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
" Be it further enacted, Th^t hereafter the naval forces of
the United States in commission shall be divided into two
squadrons, to be known as the t-quadron of the Atlantic and
the squadron of thf Pacific. Tne formal to have its head-
quauers in the waters of the United State* on the Atlantic,
and to cruise in thp North and South Atlantic, m the Medt- !
terranean,and the Gulf of Mexico; the latter to have its head- j
quarters at San Franci>eo, a mi to cruise in the North ami :
frsouth Pacific, m the China Seas and the Indian Ocean: ;
Provided^ That so long as existing treaties require it, a force J
of eighty guns shall be kept on the coast of Africa. :
Be it further enacted, That after the expiration of the
present fiscal year, the number of petty officers, seamen, :
oidinary seamen, landsmen and boys, employed at any one
time in the navy, shall not exceed five thousand." 1
The number of men, at present authorized to be J
employed in the navy, is seven thousand five hun- -
dred. The amendment just read proposes to re- j
duce this number one third. According to the last j
report of the Secretary of the Navy and the Naval J
Register, we have no less than six squadrons, and
thirty-eight (38) vessels in commission. To cut
off one third of the men employed will necessarily
involve a corresponding diminution of the number
of ships in commission, and of the expense of
maintaining thera. According to the views of a
distinguished officer of the navy, who has closely
studied this subject, the expense of maintaining
any given naval force is equal to about one thou-
sand dollars per man. To maintain a navy with
seven thousand five hundred men, would require
seven and a half millions; and to reduce the num-
ber to five thousand, would effect a saving of two
and a half millions. This general statement un-
doubtedly approaches the truth, but it involves the
cost of the whole establishment, it is necessary,
therefore, to look a little more minutely into the
effec^of such a reduction, upon the several items
already mentioned.
First, as to the $2,758,262 for the pay of officers
and men. It is evident that in order to reduce this
item one third, you must do something more th^ii
reduce the number of men m that proportion.
About one half of this sum is for the pay of officers.
But the Committee on. Naval Affairs have already
reported a bill for a retired list, prospectively re-
ducing the number of officers, as well as for re-
tiring those who are unfit for duty. It was esti-
mated by the late Secretary of the Navy that a
very considerable saving would result from this
measure. There is, however, another important
provision, not contemplated by the late Secretary,
and not incorporated into that bill, which i desire
to see put into it by the House. It is to reduce,
the number of midshipmen from four hundred cincP
sixty.-four, now authorized to be appointed, dowa
to one half that number, leaving only one for each
congressional district in the Union. These should
be thoroughly educated and trained at the Naval
School and on board our ships. 1 would place thai
school upon the most ample and liberal footing,
making it equal in all respects and similar in ii 
operation to the West Point Academy. Only so
many of these midshipmen as may be necessary
to supply the annual demands for officers of the
i higher grades, should be finally admitted into the
j navy, and then should be taken from the most
| meritorious. Let the rest of them, after having
t acquired a thorough education, go into the mer-
: chant service.
* The necessity for this fundamental change must
be apparent to every orce. The lower grades of
I the service are now so crowded that promotions
' are almost hopeless. It is said that a youth enter-
, ing the service at the present time as a midship-
! man, cannot expect, according to the ordinary
! chances of human life and the present organization
i of the navy, to reach the grade of captain in less
[ than a hundred years. Officers thus spend the
; prime of their lives and the vigor of their manhood
I in subordinate stations, without acquiring those
i essential qualities which can only flow from the-
habit of command. I will not stop to point out
the pernicious results of such a system. They ar©
only too apparent to the most careless observer of
; the navy—to be seen m the stagnant condition of
' the lower grades of officers, their discontent and
! impatient desire for honorable employment, and
i for promotion as the reward of fahhful and gallant
I service. But I cannot pursue this subject, my
  purpose having reference ehiefty to the expendj-
i tures. I will only remark, in passing along, that
i the young men educated at the Naval Academy
would become much better officers by active em-
ployment in the merchant service than they could
ever hope to be by continuing as midshipmen ac-
cording to the present organization of the navy.
In time of peace, their education, giving intelli-
gent direction to enterprise, would secure the gifts
of fortune. In time of war, they would be ready
to enter the service of their country, and to add to
the well-earned acquisitions of honorable labor, the
more glorious rewards of valor and patriotism.
This change, in addition to that of the retired
list, may be expected, without entering into any
accurate calculation, to reduce the item of pay at
least one third. It is not necessary to dwell par-
ticularly upon the other items. In those for pro-
visions, marine corps, repairs, and contingencies,
the rate of reduction is apparent. As to the item
of $196,000 for ordnance, by reference to the esti-
mates you will find that this is chiefly for th$
making of a large number of guns of different
calibres. A larger appropriation for this purpose
has been usual in former years, and a great num-
ber of guns has already accumulated, if this ap-
piopriation shall be continued for twenty years,
what shall we do with the vast armament which
will be created? It is evident that this item may
