THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session-.
TUESDAY, APRIL 23, 1850.
New Series.... No. 49.
IN SENATE. J
Thursday, J)\y,H 18, 1850. j
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
New Hampshire, asking the establishment of a ,
mail-route from Canaan, in Vermont, to the town
of Pittsburg, in Ne\v Hampshire; which was re- 1
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a petition of one hundred and fifty-nine
legal voters of Reading, Massachusetts, asking that
slavery and the slave trade may be prohibited in
all the territories of the United States.
^ Also, ** petition of one hundred and fifty-eight1
citizens of the same place asking that slavery may ,
be abolished m the District of Columbia, or that ;
the scat ofGovernment may be removed therefrom. ;
Also, a petition from one hundred and fifty-eight ;
citizen of the same place, asking that no State may ,
hereafter be admitted whose constitution does not i
prohibit slavery within its limits.
Abo, a petition from one hundred and fifty- 1
seven citizens of the same place, asking that the j
right of trial hy jury may be extended to fugitive
slaves, when arrested in any ofhfr State than that .
in which service is claimed; all of which petitions |
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of ]
Mary A. Berger, widow of.Tolln T. Berger, who ■'
was an engineer on board the United States pro- I
pellcr Secteiary Walker, during the late war with :
Mexico, asskinu: that she may be allowed a pension; '
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions. '
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of Taylor,
Gillespie & Co., and others, asking a reduction r,f \
the rates of posfagre; which was referred to the ;
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. 1
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Samuel
Davis, a revolutionary pensioner, asking an in-
crease of pension; which was referred to the Com- i
mittee on Pensions. i
Mr. NORR1S presented a memorial of citizens,
asking that the widows of revolutionary soldiers,
who married since the vear 1800, may be allowed
pensions equally with those who married prior to !
that year; which was referred to th *; Committee 1
on Pensions. j
Mr. KING presented the memorial of the heirs j
of Nathan King, an officer in the revolutionary 1
army, asking to be allowed commutation pay for j
the services of their ancestor; which was referred J
to the Committee on Pensions. ■
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. j
Mr. STURGEON, from the Committee on j
Agriculture, to which was referred the numerous ;
memouals and resolutions of State Legislatures, j
asking the establishment of an Agricultural bureau j
at Washington, reported a bill to establish an ,
Agricultural buieau in the Department of the In- :
tenor; which was read and ordered to a second |
reading. i;
RESOLUTIONS. jj
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso- :]
lution: i|
RcobeJs That t!i,  Committee on the Po-t Office and Post .j
Koads be itivtiuctcd to irnjtine as to tljp propuety of e«taJ<- I
lisintm j in iii-route lumi Baik. in Ftrthklni county, via (
Brawh'y s, GmihI I r< iri«. and Foin'it M uiilV, in Scott ,,
county. t'> Bootp-i'le. in S.-ntt countv, A'kati<ns i -
Resolved further, That the same committee be instructed \\
to inquire a-- to the propriety oi extending the mail-route jj
from C.imden. Atkan^ds, via Buena Vi-sta ard ^emiiiarv, m i i
Ouachita eountv, Calhoun, m Layette county, A-kan^-as, ;
via "Walnut Creek, to llomer, inClasboine parish, Louim- ■;
ana. ; ]
Resolved further, That the ^ame committee be inPtiuetod 1
to inquire as to til*1 piopriety of establishing a maii-route ;
from rieaicv, in White county, to Clinton, in Van Buien jj
count}-, m Arkans>.i?. , i
BILLS ON LEAVE. (;
Mr. FELCH, in pursuance of notice, asked and jj
obtained leave to introduce a bill to create the ;i
officc of surveyor general of the public lands in :i
Oregon; to provide for the survey of tho^e lands,
and to make donations to sottlprs thereon; which . j
was read a first and second time by its title, and j|
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENTON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
49
j in relation to the use of American water-rotted
, hemp in the riavv of the United Stages; which was
j read the fiist and second time by it<? title and re-
! ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
; THE DISORDER OF YESTERDAY,
' The VICE PRESIDENT announced the fol-
lowing as the special commitiee under the resolu-
' tion adopted yesferdr.v: Messrs. Dodge of Wis-
consin, Webster, Kin*g, Pkei.ps, Rusk, Bell,
and Shields.
; Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. Mr. President,
for reasons personal to rnys'eK, growing out of
; the relations subsisting befveen one of the gentle-
i men connected with the disorder of yesterday, I
; ask the Senate to exensp me from serving on the
1 committee appointed to investigate that occurrence.
| As the President is authorized to supply any
i vacancies that may occur, I (rust that my request
j will be considered as tea^onub'e, and that the
: Senate will relieve me from serving on the corn-
, mittee.
- Mr. FOOTS. I understand the Senator from
i Wisconsin as alluding not to myself, but to the
1 other gentleman, and therefore I beg leave to say, ;
. thaf, so far as I am concerned, I prefer that he :
1 should be on the committee to any other man in i
j America. )■
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. I am very thank-j!
| ful to the gentleman for the kind respect he has
j expressed for me, but I must say that it is a mat-
: ter for myself to decide. A feeling of delicacy
renders me unwilling to be placed m that position. ■'
■ I do trust that, for t! e reasons f have suirgestt-d, ,
! the Senate will excuse me fiom serving on the :
j committee. I
! Mr. SHIELDS. I have n^t before been in- 'j
1 formed of my appointment on the committee, and ;-
f must beg leave most respectfully to decline j:
i serving. !'
1 The" VICE PRESIDENT. The question is :
i first on the inon-m of the S- m>tor from Wiscon- ;>
sin, to be excused from reiv.ns: on the committee. ,
; The motion was agreed to, and the Senator from
; Wisconsin was excused from serving on the com- ;
. mittee. |
i Mr. SHIELDS. I will now ask the Senate to •
i grant me the same indulgence, I am one of the j,
, youngest Senators in the body, and I believe th s j'
I committee should be composed of the elder mem- ,i
I ben*. I am almost entirely unacquainted with
! parliamentary rule's, and I have not had time to !;
| ascertain for myself what is really an invasion of :j
; the laws of the Senate. 1 know, of course, that ^
there was an infringement } estfday, not only of;,
the laws of this body, but of every deliberative
body, but I beg the Senate to pla'-e on the corn- ■
mittee some gentleman who hys been longer a [J
member of the Senate, and who is acquainted j:
with parliamentary rules and tLe proceedings of !
the body. :
Mr. TURNEY. It is painful to vote against ;
excusing-any Senator from serving on this com- :
mittee, but we all know that this is a committee
on which every member would desire to be ex-;;
cused from serving. It is a duty which some of''
the Senators will have to perform. The duty of
making the appointment was, by oidcr of the Sen- i
ate, devolved upon the Chair, and I think the
Chair has made a mod judicious selection. Rea-
sons were assigned by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin personal to himself, t^at 1 {bought, perhaosj,
were sufficient, and I therefore did r.ot o'nei to
excusing him; but I do think that upon a commit- ■
tee of this description, after it has been eonsutu- '
ted, no one ought to be excused fiom serving, ,
unless for good and substantial reason. I shall,
therefore, vote against excusing the Senator from
Illinois.
The question being taken, the Senate refused to
excuse the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] ;
from serving on the committee. !'
Mr. RUSK. After the voie on the request of !
the Senator from Illinois, I fcel rather deterred
from making the same request, hut I feel it my j{
duty to do so. In the first place, hke the Senator !
from Illinois, I am quite a young member of the l1
! Senate, and the whole course of my life has thrown
[ me away from an opportunity of becoming ac-
j quainted with the rules which govern deliberative
i bodies. As a matter of course, therefore, I should
' go into the proposed investigation wanting the ne~
■ cessary intelligence and information upon ques-
: tions of that nature. There is another reason,
, which is one of very considerable importance, arid
nat is, my duties on other committees, to which it
j is not necessary to allude, are of such a character
; that I cannot pay the attention to it which I think
: the importance of the matter demands. I am too
! young a man to he engaged in a matter of this de-
! scription, and it seems to me the occurrence is of
j such a nature as to require upon the committee
| gentlemen of experience, whose decision would
; have consequence and weight. It will be impossi-
| b!e for me to give that attention to the matter which
I I think it demands, and I therefore hope and trust
j that the Senate will, under the circumstances, ex-
1 cuse me.
The question being taken, the Senate refused to
excuse the Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] from
serving upon the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
like to understand whether it was intended that it
should have power to fill the vacancy. The Chair
suppose*? thut it has not, under the resolution.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move that the Chair have
authority to fill the vacancy.
Mr. KING. I hope theie will be no objection,
and that the vacancy will be fU'ed by s gentleman
who will take the place of chairman of tne com-
m«ftce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the vacancy will be filled by the Chair.
The Chair heats no objection, and will direct the
filling of the vacancy.
- SYJN OPTICAL INDEX TO THE LAWS.
Mr. BENTON. There is a resolution in rela-
tion to the purchase of an Index to the Laws of
the Unned States, offered by me a few days ago,
now lying on the table, which I ask may be taken
up-
Tbe resolution was read, as follows:
Rp'o'vrd, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
to coiittacf with Little & Brown tor twelve hundred
and fifty copies of tne Suiopticai index prepared by direc-
tor. of "the Senate, and to embrace in addition the laws of
the present se^ion of Congiess, at a price not exceeding
ii'ree dollars a volume, printed and bound in the style of
fhe Statiitfs at Large, puthshed under the authority of
Coiicreeis by ?ani Little & Brown.
Mr. DOWNS. When this resolution was up
the. other day, 1 made some inquiries in regard to
the manner m which the work was executed,
which I thought necessary before it was ordered
to be printed by the Senate. As I presume no
member has been supplied with this information, I
would still prefer that an examination should be
had, and therefore mcve to refer the resolution to
the Judiciary Committee, with a view of examin-
ing the work, and ascertaining tf it is such a one
as ought to be purchased by Congress.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
THE CALIFORNIA BILL.
Mr. BENTON. I move that all the previous
oidcrs be postponed for the purpose of taking up
Senate bill No. 169, for the admission of the State
of California in.o tneUnhm. And upon that mo-
tion 1 ask the ye-is and r.^ys.
T'ng ye^<5 ai d nrys were ordered.
\j r. FOOTE. I wish merely to suggest—which
I wo?id not do if I supposed the fact was known
to the Senator from Kentucky, in whose hands 1
am wi'ling to leave this matter—that it must beob-
vicus thai several of the gentlemen who acted
yesterday together in support of the proposition
then under consideration are now absent. Cer-
tainly it would be improper to take up this ques-
tion at the present time, and I take it for granted
that the Senate will hardly act now on a question
like this, coming upon us so unexpectedly, in the
absence of several gentlemen who, when they ■
come in, will be prepared to reverse the decision.
Mr. YULEE. I would ask, sir, whether, the
morhing business being over, the unfinished buai-
