1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
Mr. FOOTE. I have yielded the floor.
Mr. MANGUM. The Senator from Missis-
sippi has declined to occupy it, with a view of
bringing this matter to the earliest possible ter-
mination. { do hope that no person who votes
with the majority upon this question will be either
provoked, entrapped, or induced, by any mode or
by any course of observations, to speak except to
say yea or nay.
Mr. CLAY. I rise to express my hearty con-
currence in the sentiments expressed by the Sena-
tor from North Carolina. The Senate, sir, has
decided, by a solemn vote, that it will give no in-
structions whatever to the committee. The propo-
sitions now before the Senate are to reverse this
decision of the Senate—to detach California, and
to give instructions which the Senate has declared
it will not do. But if the gentlemen choosc to
persevere in this course, I concur heartily in the
object of the Senator from North Carolina, which
is to exempt ourselves (I mean those who coop-
erate together upon this subject) from any portion
of the responsibility which may arise out of the
further protraction and delay of this subject.
Mr. BENTON, The present occupant of the
chair, not having been in the chair yesterday even-
ing at the time the motions were made, may not
perhaps have got the pending motion precisely
correct. The Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
offered an amendment; a question of order arose;
it was finally withdrawn; the question therefore
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
The -PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands it.
Mr. KING. \ wish to say one word. The
amendment that was offered by the Senator from
Maine was received by the Chair. I thought then,
and stated so at the time, that it was not in order;
that that proposition, made by the Senator fiom
Maine, had been disposed of by a solemn vote
of the Senate on a former occasion; and that, al-
though the phraseology in some degree differed,
yet that it was as much out of order as if it was a
literal copy of the original proposition; but feel-
ing, as I did, unwilling to piotract the discussion
on that point, 1 was, as the Senator from Kentucky
well knows, disposed to withdraw opposition on
the question of order. Well, sir, the amendment
was received, and a strmg of amendments have
been offered by the Senator from Missouri. How
many more he has given notice that he intends to
present, I know not. So far as I am concerned, I
concur entiiely in the view taken by the Senators
from North Carolina and Kentucky. I think that
we owe it to ourselves, we owe it to the country,
we owe it to tins body, not to be consuming, upon
questions of no importance in themselves, the time
of the Senate, when a question of the fir-1 magni-
tude—of the greatest importance—is under consid-
eration, and ought to be brought to as speedy a
conclusion as is consistent with the proper action
of this body. For myself, therefore, (and I hope
I may speak for my friends around me,) I am not
disposed to consume any time; and I would sug-
gest, with all proper respect, to those gentlemen
who are opposed to us, and who have no disposi-
tion to consume the time of the Senate upon this
question, to let it go to the committee, as there is
a decided majority in favor of that course, and try
to arrange this matter so as to produce qutct every-
where—as well in this Chamber as out of it.
Mr. BENTON. I never saw the Senate so
harmonious. I am entirely of the same opinion
with the gentlemen who have spoken all around
me—votes and no words. The Senate will recol-
lect the great encomium pronounced upon the
Abbe Seyes, the great constitution-maker* during
the period of the French revolution. It was said
by the wits or witlings, as the case may be, of
that day, that he kept constitutions in pigeon-
holes, and took down one or another as the occa-
sion required. But the point is, that one of those
constitutions contained a clause for a dumb Legis-
lature; one that should vote and not speak He
read it to a friend, and the friend exclaimed,
" Ah, Monsieur Seyes, that dumb Legislature will
immortalize you ! I do not know whether that
part of the Legislature in France who were in
favor of voting instead of speaking) were able to
stick to that part of the constitution or not, but I
hope we srhall all be able to stick to it here—vote
and not talk. And now, Mr. President, we seem
to have made some progress, and the way seems
to have been entirely cleared for me to make the j
motion which was suggested to me by the gentle- I
men on the other side. I asked to take up the ]
California bill; it was objected to because there !
was unfinished business. It was objected to be- :
cause the business of yesterday ought to take pre- j
cedence. Good; I have nothing to say against :
that now. That business has been taken up; now j
the objection of " unfinished business" isremoved. \
And now I act upon the suggestion of the gentle- j
man upon the other side of the Chamber, and j
move, though it involves a double motion, to lav 1
this question upon the table for the purpose of '
taking up the California bill} and, as the gentle-
men have given you a programme of the manner
in which they will act, I will give you mine. My
programme is this: That, if this bill be taken up,
as I suppose it may be now, in conformity to the
suggestion of the gentleman opposite, and after
the reasons given fur not taking it up have passed
away, my course will be, if gentlemen on the
other side offer amendments which may be in the
nature of adding further measures to that bill—of
attaching other bills to that bill—why, sir, I have
said enough already to let the Senate know that I
am what is called uncompromisingly opposed to it;
and as I have given as many reasons for my
opposition as can be necessary, now, therefore, J
am willing to content myself with the vote of
" nay " on the different propositions to add other
measures to the California bill when it comes up.
Now, sir, my opinion is, that in this way we can
finish the California bill m this sitting to-day,
while the six gentlemen are here who will be
absent next week by order of the Senate. We
are now all for action; we are now all for speedy
action, and here is the way to get action, and {
apprehend that there is not a single amendment
intended to be made or thought of to the California
hill, that is not in the minds of members at this
time, and which cannot be offered here at once in
the progressof the bill through this body. I think,
then, sir, that we can finish the whole through
thisafternoon's sitting, in the way in which I pro-
pose, and either admit or reject California. I
therefoie make the motion, which I think will
accomplish that object, and I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that the
question now under consideration be laid on the
table, and on that motion the yeas and nays are
demanded.
The yeas and nays were then ordered by the
Senate, and being taken resulted as follows:
YEAS—MVssr*. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Chase,
Clarke, Corwiu, Davi-. of D:tvtori, Dodge
of Iowa, Dodge of IVi'-ronwii, Douglas. Ftlch, Grperuj,
Hal.', llain'm, Jorie-., Miliar, Norns, PheJprf, Seward,
Shields Smith, Walker, and Webster—24.
NAYP-Mo^rs. Ateh^on, Kadger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Buiier, Cas*. Ciay, (Jlfnu'ns, Davis of Mississippi, Dickin-
son, Po'vn-,' Poote, Hunter. Kuil', Man^um, Ma<on, Mor-
ion, IVa'ce. Rusdv, ^elMMian, tfoule, Spruani'*', Sturgeon,
Tmne\. Underwood, VYhueomb, and Yulee—3?.
So the motion to lay on the table was lost.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment pioposed by the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Bemtox") to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.]
Mr. 13EMTON asked for a vote upon every
point in his amendment by the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered to "be taken.
Mr. BUTLER. I will make a single remark,
and that is, tout I shall vote nay upon every one
of the points in this amendment, on the ground
that it would be a palpable inconsistency with
what was done by the Senate yesterday.
Mr. YULEE. Allow me to inquire whether
the division of the question results necessarily
from the request of a single member of the body,
or whether it would require a vote of the bodvr
If it requires a vote of the body, I should be dis-
posed to vote against the division, for the reason
that the Senate having already decided, by what
appears to me to be a conclusive vote, that they
would not give instructions to this committee, it
will be unnecessary for this body (unless indeed it
should have changed its opinion) to go through
the labor of a divided vote upon she motion now
made. If it be competent to the Senate to refuse
the division of the amendment, I hope the ques-
! tion will be nut to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
read the rule for the information of the Senator:
Mf the question in debate contains several points, any
member ma> have the same divided,"
The first proposition before the-Senate wip now
be read; it is as follows:
"With btptiucrKms that in fitly bii), scheme, or other
meaMire or measures they may leport, they shall not con-
nect the admhsjoii of th« State of California with any oiKer
proposed legislation winch shall require the assent of ahy
other Slate to its completion."
Mr. BENTON. I will state that this is an
amendment which is offered to the amendment of
the Senator from Maine, and is the same in sub*
stance as it.
Mr. BORLAND. I will very briefly state the
reason of the vote I shall give upon the proposi-
tions now before the Senate. These propositions
are in direct opposition to the deliberate and em-
phatic decision of the Senate yesterday; and if
they have any purpose, it seems to me to be in
contempt of that deliberate and emphatic decision.
That decision was, that the Senate would give no
instructions to the committee, and i concurred in
that decision. For that reason, as stated by the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] I
shall vote against the first proposition. For the
same and for other reasons, I shall vote against
each and every one of the long list of amendments
offered by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton ] What are those amendments? Every Sena-
tor must admit that they are unnecessary, as all
must also agree that the most of them are merely
declaratory of truisms which need no enactment
here at this time. I feel no necessity, and feel
under no obligation to adopt, by formal vote, any
abstract truisms upon any subject. It would be
just as well, and just as becoming in the Senate
to occupy itself with declaring, by formal legis-
lative action, that the Constitution is in foice m
the United States, or that the Senate itself is now
in session. It is a sort of expedient for consuming
the time of the Senate, and delaying its legitimate
business—a sort of legislative tiifltng, which i can
neither approve nor hesitate to condemn. I shall
vote against each and every one of the proposi-
tions already submitted by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton,] and against all others of the
same sort which may hereafter be brought forward
by him or any one else. 1 have no fear that fny
votes will be misunderstood, either by the Senate
or my constituents.
! Mr. TURKEY, (who was almost inaudible at
1 the reporter's desk.) I wish to say one word. I
, shall not vote except on the final amendment, re-
' specting the union of California with other meas-
j ures; and my reason will be that we were told
yesterday that the object of these propositions was
! not for the purpose of legislation, but for the p r-
I puse of giving quiet to the country and of calming
excitement. Now, sir, I am not for adopting1 a
stung of propositions for no practical purpose, but
I am in favor of leaving the committee free and
unrestricted, and I shall vote against all the amend-
ments.
Mr. DICKINSON. I beg our friends to pro-
ceed at once to the vote on the amendments that
have already been offered, as the honorable metft-
ber from Missouri has signified thai there may -be
more of the same sort. I think that we can best
dispose of the matter by voting.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I beg the Senate
not to be alarmed; I am not going to discu&S this
matter at all. I rise merely to state the reason
which will govern my vote.
The Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] has
displayed great powers of analysis in the prepara-
tion of his propositions. There are fourteen of
them, nine of which relate to California, and the
other five to other topics. Those respecting Cali-
fornia, each and all, merely amount to the excep-
tion of that subject from the powers-of the com-
mittee. As I ha\e already explained my views
' upon that question, and have voted for the ap-
pointment of a committee, I shall vote against all
' measuies such as these, which are merely caicu-
I lated to defeat the expressed will of the Senate, and
. which must operate only to delay the very admis-
, sion which so many of us are desirous of insu-
ring in the shortest possible time.
As to the five l«st propositions, some of them
at least are still more exceptionable. They under-
take to atfirm the principles of the Constitution,
and to protect the rights of the States. Now, sir,
as to the rights of the States, I believe they are
fully competent to protect themselves, and, I am
sure, if they are not, they can derive no protec-
tion from any act of mine.
