1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 19,
Mr. Preston King and Mr. Thompson, of which
it wss impossible for the Reporter to hear even
the purport.
Mr. THOMPSON (resuming) renewed his ap-
peal to the House to stand firmly upon the posi-
tion they had taken. He said it was supposed
by the Senate that the House would give way at
this point. He said the House had an appropri-
ation for their books in this bill, and they dare
not insist upon their disagreement to the Senate's
amendment. But he would say to members who
expected to get their hooks, that the Senate by
the amendment they had inserted, had cheated
them out of their books, for they had stricken
out the item which the House bad inserted for
books, and inserted an item increasing the appro-
priation for contingent expenses $50,0(10.
Mr. McLANE. As I mean "to back out,"
and have got my books, I desire the gentleman to
allow me to explain.
Mr. THOMPSON. Let me-get through this
point before we go to another. The Senate has
increased our contingent fund $50,000, but they
leave us hereafter to make another appropriation
of ^50,000 for books. You get no books. So far,
then, as that is concerned, you may as well insist
upon your point.
Mr. McLANE (Mr. T. now yielding) said, he
wished the gentleman from Mississippi to inform
him whether this bill had passed before or after
the members from California had been sworn.
Mr. THOMPSON, remarking that he thought
he had been explicit on that point, repeated that
he did not propose to affect the mileage of those
members for the present session, but he wished it
limited heieaftcr to the mileage of the Delegate
from Oregon.
Mr. McLANE. Does the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi think it competent for this House now to
alter his mileage >
Mr. THOMPSON. I do not ask this House to
do it, but 1 insist upon it that hereafter we shall
have a rule. This House, so far as their action is
concerned, have already deprived me of a portion
of my mileage for the next session. They have
fixed my mileage at $1,000. That is precisely
what 1 want them to do with reference to the Cal-
ifornia members—to fix some standard.
Mr. McLANE. The gentleman says the House,
bythecivil and diplomatic bill, have already lim-
ited his mileage. So they have by that bill limited
the mileage of the California members.
Mr. THOMPSON concluded by renewing his
appeal to the House to fix some standard of mile-
age for the future, and to stand upon that position.
"Mr. BAYLY desired to submit a few remarks
in reference to what had been said by the gentle-
^man from Mississippi. The gentleman had called
upon the Htiuse, unless they meant to practice
the system of backing out, to make a stand now
at the beginning. Now, he (Mr. B.) was deter-
mined, so far as he was concerned, to break up
this system, which had prevailed for several years,
of the Senate forcing amend ments upon this House
against the will of a large majority, and when a
proper occasion arose, he should call upon this
House to arrest it. But he did not wish to begin
that opposition in a case where the House was
wrong; he did not think this was the time to make
that s'tand.
Now, what was the character of this amendment
of the Senate? First, in regard to the California
members: At the time this bill passed the House,
these members had not been admitted, and they then
legislated piospectively in reference to them; but
since that time they had been admitted, and the very
moment they weie sworn in at the Clerk's table,
under the existing law they had a right to their
mileage, and they could have drawn it at once,
had it not been for the fact that the appropri-
ation for mileage had been exhausted. Now, he
maintained that this House had no right, after
their admission, to go back and take from them
their mileage, more than they had to take the mile-
age for this session from the gentleman from Loui-
siana.
Mr. CARTTER was understood to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, if the conferees on the part of the Senate
had not refused the proposition of the conferees on
the part of the House, to fix the limitation for
the future mileage of the California members at
£3 500 ?
Mr. BAYLY replied, that he could answer the
inquiry of the gentleman perfectly well. They
had a good reason for the refusal; they said they
did not wish in this bill—a mere deficiency bill—
to undertake special legislation for two members
nf this House and two members of the other
House, when they legislated for nobody else; and
inasmuch as in the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill the House-had undertaken to legislate with
reference to the mileage of members generally,
they thought these men ought to stand or fall
with the other members of Congress,
He said that the amendment of the Senate to
this bill did not affect the mileage of the California
members at all. It merely placed a construction
on the existing law, which, he had no doubt, was
the right construction, and would have been placed
by the Speaker upon the law, without any ex-
pression of opinion by Congress as to the proper
construction. The Senate had decided that the
route by which their mileage was to be computed,
must be the usually traveled route within the
United States. The law certainly never contem-
plated that members should be paid upon a route
out of the United Slates. It was only an explana-
tion of the existing law, and it was, in his opinion,
unnecessary. This amendment, then, so far as
the California members were concerned, did not
affect their mileage one way or the other
But in reference to the Delegate from Oregon, it
proposed a change, and a proper change; for the
discrimination of existing laws against that Dele-
gate was invidious and unjust. His mileage was
limited to §2,500, while there was no limitation
upon that of the Delegate from Minnesota, who did
not travel half the distance, and did not undergo
half the hardships, and who actually received more
than the Delegate from Oregon.
Some conversation occurred between Mr. Jones
and Mr. Bayly.
Mr. BAYLY concluded by moving the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded.
And the main question was ordered, being on
the motion of Mr. Bayly to recede from the dis-
agreement of the House to the Senate's amend-
ments. *
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
point of order, and inquired, in case the House
refused to disagree, if it would not then be in or-
der to appoint a new committee of conference,
and instruct them to insist upon a certain proposi-
tion ?
The SPEAKER was understood to reply in the
negative.
Mr. CROWELL inquired, in case the House
refused to disagree, whether the effect would not
be to kill the bill ?
The SPEAKER replied: Not necessarily; for
the House could insist, and ask another committee
of conference.
The question being on the demand of Mr.
Cartter for the yeas and nays,
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced—ayes 22; believed not to be a sufficient
number.
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers upo^the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question, "'Will the House recede from
their disagreement to the Senate's amendmentsr"
was taken, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 75,
noes 51.
Mr. HALL moved to reconsider the vote, and to
lay that motion on the table; which latter motion
was agieed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. FEATHERSTON, the
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Disney in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the naval
appropriation bill.
Mr. YENABLEsaid: Concurring as I do, Mr.
Chairman, in all that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs has said of the value of
the navy to us as an arm of our defence, I deem it
unnecessary to say much on that subject. I would
be indeed insensible to the merits of those gallant
men who have so often filled the measure of their
country'sglory and covered themselves with honor,
did I hesitate to adopt all that he has said in their
praise. It is neither to eulogize the navy nor to de-
preciate the value of the service which that arm of
our defence has always rendered to the country,
that I rise on this occasion to address the commit-
tee. History has given them immortality, and
every American heart swells with pride and is
filled with gratitude when the merit of our gallant
tars is the subject of remark. They, like the
army, have won their high position with theAmer-
ican people, and it would be an ungrateful task to
undertake to displace them, since they are so de-
serving of our admiration and esteem. My pur-
pose is entirely different. It is, by consulting a
strict and just economy, to be able to take care
of th^ rights, provide for the necessities, and
render efficient the all-important,and highly-valued
navy of the country. I cannot, be unmindful of
the fact, that the only way to preserve their
efficiency and to reward the services of those faith-
ful and gallant men—the only mode of retaining
for them the high place which they now occupy in
the affections of the people, is by a just regard to
all other branches of the service—seeming them
from the odium of favoritism and the censure
of enjoying a prodigal expenditure of the public
money. The highest expenditure, sir, is incon-
sistent with the theory or practice of the lowest
taxes. It would be convenient for the receivers of
the bounty of the Government if it did not imme-
diately exhaust the sources of supply and ter-
minate in bankruptcy of the Treasury.
I would here remark, that the republican school
to which I belong has uniformly resisted large ex-
penditures. Our creed is as near an approxima-
tion to free trade as is possible—light taxation,
moderate salaries, and no national debt. We re-
gard a national debt as inconvenient and ultimately
as ruinous as an individual debt. We have
always revolted at the thought of the dominion of
banks and brokers, capitalists and corporators;
and have an utter abhorrence of a system which
consumes the fruits of national labor in the pay-
ment of interest and the support of an aristocracy
of wealth. For this reasun we have not enjoyed
the reputation of liberality in appropriations for
national purposes, and have often been charged
with a contracted spirit towards great enterprises.
The appropriations reported by the chairman of
the Ways and Means, together with the deficiency
bill, the post office bill, the permanent and indefi-
niteappropriations for rivers, harbors,fortifications,
private claims, and French spoliations, all taken
together, in conjunction with the ten millions voted
to Texas, present the appalling sum of more than
seventy millions of dollars, voted and to be voted
by this session of Congress. In a time of pro-
found peace, with no cause for unusual expendi-
ture, we exceed by near fifteen millions the ex-
pense of Government when in the midst of the
Mexican war, with fifty thousand troops in the
field and the navy in full employment. The peo-
ple that I represent have not forgotten that the
Democratic Administration of 1840 was broken
down fon an expenditure of fifteen millions just ten
years ago; and they will not look with indifference
on a bill of seventy-five millions, which they will
have to foot up. For myself, I do not mean to
concur in any such expenditures, and am gratified
that the chairman [Mr. Stanton] has disclosed to
us that there is not only a possibility, but a pro-
priety, in reducing the estimate some two millions of"
dollars. Heshalf have my cordial support in every
attempt at retrenchment, and my thanks for every
effort which he may make in that way. The es-
timates now reported show about the same ex-
penditure of 1848-9, during the war, although our
country is at peace, and there is a smaller number
of sailors and maiines m service than for years
past.
These facts, Mr. Chairman, need explanation,
and the people wil I have it, or woe to those whose
votes fix this hurden upon the Treasury. It is our
duty to face the question, and to curtail our ex-
penditures. Nothing is more certain than that
the days of that government are numbered whose
expenditures exceed its income. The servitude
of debt, whether individual or national, is the
quintessence of slavery: one is a calamity which
afflicts but a few, but the other spreads its ruinous
power not only over a whole community, but
upon coming generations. My purpose, however,
is to devote a few moments to the examination of
a scheme disclosed in the amendment which the
■ chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs pro-
poses to make to the bill making appropriations
