772.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
As to the reaffirmance of the provisions of the
Constitution, should that measure ever become
necessary, it belongs to the people of the United
States, of whom I,am but an in6nitesimal frac-
tion. 1 did not come here to declare what the
Constitution is, but to legislate in conformity with
its provisions. If, indeed, a law is proposed, and
there are constitutional doubts about our power to
pass it, I am prepared to discuss it, and to vote
according to the dictates of my judgment. But,
if we once begin to reaffirm the provisions of the
Constitution, where are we to stop ? We- may
begin at the beginning, and go on to the end,
affirming that the Constitution makes provision
for the election of aPresident, for the establish-
ment of a Legis'ature, and so on to the end of the
chapter. And what then, after such a vote? We
are just where we were before. The vote, has not
the slightest effect, except to expose us to public
reprobation. Even if we had the necessary power,
it would be a mere abstract declaration, destitute
of the least practical effect. Our time may be
much more properly and profitably employed. I
am opposed to the whole matter, being as anxious
as any member of the Senate for the admission of
California, and satisfied that these proceedings
will merely tend ro delay that measure.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for the read-
ing of the amendment.
The first subdivision in the amendment was
read, as follows:
" Witli instructions that in any bill, scheme, or other
measure or measures fhey may report, they s-hall not con-
nect the admission of the State of California vvilh any other
proposed legislation wlmh shall require the assent of any
other State to its completion.'5
The question being: taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, L5^ni<m, Cha>e, Clarke,Corwin,
Davis of Ma^aehiwtts, Diyt'v.i, Drul^" ot Iowa, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Miller,
Norris, Phelps, Seward, Shield*, Smith, Spruance, Walker,
and Weh.-ter—03.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bnlger, Bell, Borland, Bright.
Butler, Cass, Ctav, Clemens Divis of Mississippi, Dickin-
soti, Douglas, Downs Foote, Hunter, King, Mangum, Ma-
son, Morton, Pearce, Rn^k. Sebastian, SouU;, Sturgeon,
Turney, Underwood, Whitcomb, and Yulee—^8.
So the amendment was rejected.
"While the question was being taken on the pre-
ceding subdivision—
Mr. DOUGLAS stated the reason for the change
of his vole to be, that while he was opposed to
appointing a committee, he was also opposed to
giving them any instructions.
The next subdivision was then read:
"0. That they shall not eonneet the admission of the
State of California with any measure winch is connected
with a question of boundary or other contioversy with any !
othei State."
The question hein  taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Corvvin, Davis
of Massachtisets, Dayton, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Felch,Greene, 1J tie, Hamim, Jones, Miller, Norris,
Phelps. Seward, Smith, Walker, and Webster—2J.
NAYS—Messrs. Atehi-on, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Butler, Cass Clay, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dickin-
son, Douglas Downs, Foote, Hunter, King, Mangum,
Mason, .Vlorton, IVaree, Ru^k, S< ba iian, Soul£, Spni.ince,
Stuigeon, Turney, Underwood, WhiLeoiith, and Yulee—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
" 3. That they shall nor connect the admission of the
State of California with any other measure of le«-s dignity
than the reception and admission oi a sovereign State to be
anew and enure member of this Union."
The question being taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ben'on* Chase, Dodge of Iowa, Hale,
Hamlin,Si,ward, and Walker—7.
NAYS—Me^rs. Atelu-on, Badger, Bell, Boiland, Bright,
Butler, Cass Clay, Clemen-, Davis of Mis.:i->Mppi, Dickin-
son, Dodge ef Wisconsin, Dmglas Downs, Feleh, Foote,
Hunter, Kins.'. Mangum, Ma*.on, Morton, Pearce, Ru*k, Se-
bastian, Soul€, Spruance, Stuigeon, Turney, Whilcumb,
and Yulee—30
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
"4. That they shall not make C'lhforniaa party to, or in
any way include or connect her with, any provision in the
nature or intent of a compact icl.umg to slaveiy, or to any
slave State or slave Territory, oilier than the compacts, of
the Constitution " ,
The question beina; taken, it resulted as follows: i
YEAS—Messrs Baldwin, Benton, Cha«e, Corwin, Day-
ton, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge ot Wi-consin, F« Ich, Greene, /
Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Noin?, Seward, Smith,and Walker— ;i
16. !
NAYS—Messr*. Atchison, Badsrer, Bell, Borland Bright, [i
Butler, Cass,Clay, Clemen-., Divis ot Mississippi, Dickm- I
son, Douglas, Downs, Foote, H«inter, King, Mangum, Ma- '[
son, Morton, Peaice, llu-k, Sehaftian, SouI6, Spruanee, ['
Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Whitcomb, and Yulee—29. I j
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
" 5. That they shall not make Cali ornia a party to, or in
any way include or connect her with, any provision in the
nature or intent of a compact of any description, othei
than the compacts of the Constitution, and those compacts
ielating to the domain which have been heretofore required
of new States formed out of the territory of the United
States."
The question being taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Corwin, Davis
of Massachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Felch, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Seward,
Smith, Walker,'and Webster—17.,
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Butler, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dickin-
son, Douglas, Downs, Foote, Hunter, King, Mangum, Ma-
son, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Soul€, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Whiicomb, and Yulee—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
"6. That they shall not report any measure proposing
any alteration in the boundaries of the State of California."
The question being taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Corwin, Davis
of iUassachusetts, Dayton, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Felch, G.eene, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Miller, Norris,
Phelps, Seward, Smith, Walker, and Webster—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Blight,
RutleiCa^s Ciav, Clemens, Dickinson, Downs, Foote,
Hunter, King, Mangum, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Soul6, Spiuance, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood,
Whitcomb, and ifulee—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
" 7. That they shall riot make the State of California a party
to, or in any way connected with, or the question ot hei
admission in any way connected with or dependent on, any
provision m the nature of a compact whicn has not been
required of either of the following named States: Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, Michigan, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama,
Aikansas, Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Florida.'?
The question being taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Me>sr*. Baldwin, Benton, Cha<.o, Davis of Ma-
ssachusetts Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wisconsin, Felch,
Greene, Hale, Seward, Smith, and Walker—12
NAYS—Mcsms. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Blight,
Butiei, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davi-s of Mississippi, Dickin-
son, Downs, Foote, Hunter, King, Manguin, Ma-on, Mor-
ton, Pearce, Ru*k, Sebastian, Soule, Spruance, Sturgeon,
Turney, Underwood, Whitcomb, and Yulee—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
When Mr. Wihtcomb's name was called, he
rose arid said: I am in favor of the admission of
California with her present boundaries, but I shall
vote against this question, because 
Several Senators. "Order," "order."
Mr. Wiiitcomb took his seat.
The next subdivision was then read:
tl 8. That they shall not make a party to, oi in any manner
bind to, include in, or connect with •any ptoviMon having
the ehaiacter or intent of a compact, any State, or people
! having the political organization ot a State, not represented
! in tin* bodv."
Mr. WHITCOMB. I desire to say what I
was about to say before, that I shall continue to
vote, as I have hitherto voted, against all these in-
structions, without reference to their merits, for
the reason that for this body to instruct the com-
mittee upon such a variety of points, is to antici-
pate the action of the committee;'is equivalent to
the Senate turning itself into a committee and
leaving the subordinate committee nothing to do.
As the Senate will have full control o\er the ac-
tion of that, committee, and the same questions will
come up when the result of its deliberations is re-
ported back to the Senate, 1 am opposed to wast-
ing time by going over the same ground twice. 1
shall vote against any instructions, therefore, for
the purpose of expediting business, and as before
remarked, without committing myself on the mer-
its of the questions themselves.
The question was then taken, and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Chase, Corwin, Dayton, Dodge
of Town, Dodge of Wisconsin, Felch, Greene, Hale, Ham-
lin. Miller, Seward, and Walker—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison. Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Butler, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davis* ()f Mississippi, Dickin-
son. Downs, Foote, Hunter, Kins, Mangum. Mason. Mor-
ton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney
Underwood, Whilcumb, and Yulee—27. '
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
" 9. That they «hall not connect the admi^ion of the j
State of California with any matter foreign to the ndmH-.mn i
ol that State in a direct manner, on a pieciseiv equal foouii" ;
with the original States, and unincumbered with any other
conditions, responsibilities or considerations."
The question being taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, B.-nton, Cluse, Dodee of town
Dnclue of Wisconsin ■ F-lcli, Hale, Hamhn, Jones, Nor lis!
i'hclns Seward, Walker, and W"i;h-tP[_J4.
NAVS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bri«Iit
Butler, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Dims of Mississippi, Diekin-
son, Downs, Foote,-Hunter, King, Mangum, Mason, Mor-
ton, Pearce, Ru*k, Seba-tian, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney,
Underwood, Whitcomb, and Yulee—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
" Provided, That nothing in this instruction shall be con-
strued to authorize the said committee to take into consid-
eration anything that relates to either of the four following
subjects:
" 1. The abolition of slaveiy within the States."
The question being taken, there were—
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Chase, Davis of Massachusetts,
Hale, Miller, Norris, Sewaid, Smith, Walker, and Web-
ster—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Butler, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Dickinson, Downs, Foote,
Hunter, King, Mangum, Mason, Morton. Pearce, Rusk, Se-
bastian, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Wiiit-
comb, and Yulee— 26.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
*"2. The suppression of the stave trade between the
States."
The question being taken, there were—
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Norris, Seward, Smith, and
Walker—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison. Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Butler, Cass, Chase, Clay, Dickinson, Downs, Foote, Hun-
ter, King, Mangum, Ma on, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, Whitcomb,
and Yulee—2o.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
" 3. Abolition of slavery within the forts, arsenals, dock-
yards, and navy-yards of the United Sta.es."
The question being taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wis-
consin. Jones, and Smith—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Butler, Cas«?, Chase, Clay, Clemens, Dickinson, Downs,
Foote, Ilile, Hunter, King, Mangum. Mason, Morton,
Peaice, Rusk, Sebastian, Sewaid, Spruance, Sturgeon/
Tuincy, Underwood, Walker, and Whitcomb—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
<l 4. Abolition of slavery within the Distiict of Colum-
bia."
The question being taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Dodge of Xowa, Dodge of Wis-
consin, and Jones—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Butler, Cass, Chase, Clay, Clemens, Dickinson, Downs,
Foote, Hale, Hunter, King, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Mor-
ton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Smith, Spruance,
Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood,Walker, and Whitcomb—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next subdivision was then read:
" Arul provided further, That said committee shall noi
t.ike into consideration any question in relation to the sub-
ject of domestic slavery in the United State-*, which shall
not be specially referred to it by order ot the Senate, by
name."
The question being taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Felch, and Jones—5.
NAYS—Me«srs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Bullet, Cas*, Chase, Clay, Clemens, Davis, of Mississippi
Dickinson, Downs, Foote, Hunter, Kme, Mangum, Ma&ou,
Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward. Smith, Spru-
ance, Sturgeon, Turney, Undeiwood, and Walker—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin.]
" Except so much as ielates to the admission of Cali-
fornia as a State,"
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted as follows:
[ YEAS—Messis. Baldwin, Benton, Bradbury, Chase,
! Clarke, I)idge of Iowa, Dodge of Wisconsin, Felch,
' Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Jones, Miller. Norris, Phelps, Stvv-
: ard, Smith, Spruance, Walker, and Webster—*20.
j NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
■ Butler, Cas>', Clay, Clemens, Davis of Mississippi, Dickm-
: son, Downs, Foote, Hunter, Kine, Mangum, Ma->on, Mor-
ton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian, SouI6, Sturgeon, Turney,
and Underwood—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I wish to be
allowed to say, as a reason for not voting upon
that amendment, that I had agreed to pair off for
a short time with a gentleman who is not now
present.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by the insertion of the words:
" Except such parts thereof.-is ri'latp lo the recaptuie and
return of fugitives from service or labor."
On that question I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie accordingly ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to say that there are
certain motives which might well operate in with-
