1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
holding that subject from a committee. It will be
remembered that there has been a bill introduced
here for the recapture of slaves, and that it has
been deliberate!v considered by the committee, and
reported to the Senate with a recommendation that
it pass, and there are important amendments now
pending to that bill. It is one that has been con-
sidered, and has made a good degree of progress,
and it is a question whether it is not the best pol-
icy to consider that subject by itself. Further, it
has been seftd by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucKy that he, for one, had no such object as to
connect this bill with other subjects in the proposed
reference. ' r
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
irom Wisconsin indicate where he will have his
amendment, come in r
Mr. WALKER. I wish it to be added to the
original motion, and to come in after the word
"Clay," so that it will read, 11 that they be re-
ferred^ together with the resolutions submitted by
*4r. Clay, except such parts thereof as relate to
the recapture and return of fugitives from service
or labor."
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, there is a bill, it is
true, before the Senate; that bill will make progress
if taken up before the committee report. I do not
think it necessary, however, to give instructions
to the commi'tee on this or any other subject. For
instance, that bill nas been before us; there,fare
several amendments proposed to it; it is possible
that the committee may take up this subject and
consider an amendment, and they may report that
or they may introduce a better one. If so, they
will instiuct their chairman to report their amend-
ment to be offered to the bill whenever it is taken
W>. I hope the Senator will see the propriety of
leaving the subject to the committee, open and un-
trammelled. As to any association of it with the
California or territorial hill, I venture to say it
never entered the mind of any one.
Mr. SE WARD. I wish to vote intelligently on
this question. [ have submitted, by way of amend-
ment to the fugitive-slave bill, a proposition to
grant the right of trial by jury, and the writ of
iubem corpus. I shall be willing that the whole •
subject shall go to any committee, provided that !
the amendments I have offered may go with them.
As I understand the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, it is to except from the motion sub-
mitted by the Senator from Mississippi, whatever
relates to fugitives from service or labor. I there-
fore ask the reading of the matter again, with a
view I hat I may move to amend the amendment,
by attaching my proposition to it.
Mr. CLAY. There is no such proposition to
refer. The subject is referred. The bills will be
here, and, if tne committee shall be constituted,
they will take the whole of these subjects into con-
sideration and present their report, and embrace
al! the subjects, or a genera! exhibition of a plan
of healing the wounds of the country, by setting
forth what in their opinion ought to be done; re-
porting bills where they are necessary, and amend-
ments where they are necessary, and making
neither bills nor amendments where neither are
773
 -    -'"""uu.v.uiu wuwiv. ijcumcl txic
necessary. That is the sort of report which I
trust the committee will make. The amendment
of the Senator from New York will still remain
here and can be considered.
^ Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
rise merely to state to the Senate that I shall vote
against the proposition to except this subject from
the other propositions which are to be submit-
ted to a committee. I shall vote against the
proposition to except this subject from the con-
sideration of the committee, because it is one
of the elements of agitation throughout the coun-
try; and, therefore, one of the subjects to be con-
sidered by a committee raised for the purpose
of a general compromise. Unless that is the ob-
ject of the committee, unless that is the end hoped
tor, it would be idle to raise the committee at all.
I hope a committee will be raised to consider all
these various kindred subjects, and return to the
Senate whatever in their wisdom and patriotism
they may be able to suggest.
The question being taken on Mr. Walker's
amendment, it resulted as follows:
YBAS—Messis. Baldwin, Benton, Chase, Clarke, Davis
of Mass..chu ett~, (layton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fetcli,
fSrt'tMH', Hale, Hamlin, Miller, Norris, Phelps, Seward,
Shields, and Walker—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchi-on, Badger, Bell, Borland, Bright,
Butler, Cass, Clay, Clemens, Davis ol' Mississippi, Dickin-
son, Dodge or Iowa, Downs, Foote, Hunter, Jones, Kins,
Mangum, Ma-on, Morton, Peareo, Rusk, Sebastian, Spru-
anoe, btuiwon, Turney. and Underwood 27,
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the original resolution of Mr. Foote, as amended,
so as to embrace the resolutions of Mr. Bell and'
Mr. Clay, together with the amendment of Mr
Clay refusing to give instructions.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I would respect-
fully suggest to the Senate that, as these various
subjects are to be referred to the committee, ail
the petitions and remonstrances received by the
Senate at this session, and now lying on the table,
relative to subjects contained in the resolutions
proposed to be referred, should also be referred
to the committee. I therefore offer the follow-
ing amendment, and upon it ask for the yeas and
nays;
_cc TliataSS petitions and remonstrances received ibis sc-
sinn on Hie subjects mentioned in the resolutions ot'the
Senator from Kentucky (.Mr. Cuv) and the .-cnmorfiom
I ennessee, (Mr. tiEM..) ir-ferred to a select committee of
thirteen, be taken from the table and referred to the same
cumnnllet;."
The yeas and nays were ordered. I
Mr. CLAY. I hope the petitions wilf be re- i
Merred. I hone the motion will prevail. I do not '
promise to read all the petitions if they are re- !
ferred. I suppose the committee will not feel i
bound to read them all, but perhaps one or two of '
a class.
Mr. KING. I shall not vote for the reference
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire.
I have been opposed to the reception of these
petitions, as being improper to be countenanced
by the Senate of the United States. Sir, we have
frequently voted against their leception. But this
session we tried it again; and, to our utter aston-
ishment, found that a contiary opinion prevailed,
and that petitions asking for what, if granted,'
would produce a state of thinzs in this country
that would shake the Government to its founda-
tion, have been received, but received with the
declaration that they should lie on the table. Now
it is proposed to send them to a select committee.
I am for its taking into consideration every legiti- \
mate and proper subject that appertains to the I
settlement of the tneat anu exciting questions j
before the country, but I am not in favor of taking !
up petitions praying for a dissolution of the Union"] :
and petitions very similar to the one rejected the >
other day, asking that slaves may be armed against '
their owners, I am not m favor of taking up pe-
titions praying that the slave trade between the 1
States be prohibited, when 'he Supreme Court i
of the United States has declared any interference :
with it to be unconstitutional. We ourselves this
day have rejected a proposition made by the Sen-
ator from Missouri on that very subject.
Now, sir, what is the object of sending these
petitions to the committee ? What is to be effected
by it? Is it to force ns, who believe that all such
incendiary publications are calculated to produce
mischief in the country, to vote on the question,
in order to gratify these miserable fanatics—for I
will call them by that name—who send here time
and again petitions of this character, to keep up
the excitement on this question? Nor do I wish i
to vote for the gratification of those who hold sim- I
ilar sentiments on this floor.
Mr. President, I am sorry that my friend from j
Kentucky, without reflection, as I conceive, inti- i
fhated a wish that such memorials should be re- !
ferred to any committee. Sir, as a southern
man I protest against it. I protest against it as
doing injustice, us calculated to alarm a people al-
ready alarmed for their constitutional rights, be-
lieving them to have been invaded, and believing ;
that they will be invaded further and further, un-
less some mode be devised by which aggression
may be resisted. The very object we "have m !
view m raising this committee is to resist ag°re&- i
sion. I trust that my friend from Kentucky°will 1
reconsider the view of the matter which he has
taken. I trust that the Senate of the United Stales
will not put us in a position that we consider to be
most insulting to us as Senators, and degrading to
our feelings as southern men.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say that I think the
Senator from Alabama is mistaken. In the first
place, the Senate voted not to receive the peti-
tions to dissolve the Union; so that that part of his
argument falls. In the second place,.the resolu-
tion to arm the slaves was taken up and disposed
of; it is not lying on the table. There is the other
half of the argument gone. And what is there
left? Now, let us suppose here are sixty of the
wisest men in the nation; no, I will not include
myself, I will be more humble; but there are fif-
ty-nine such Senators. Any one of this sanhe-
drim may get upand pour out the light of his wise
and appropriate resolutions, and the Senate, after
fuli consideration of the matter, have concluded
they will refer these resolutions to a committee.
Well, sir, our sovereigns, the people, have sent
here some of their thoughts, in the form of peti-
tions, and I propose simply and solely to take up
the petitions which relate to the subjects that are
to be referred to the committee, and nothing more:
to take them ofl the tabic and refer them. And
this is insulting to us! Th.it is, it is respectful to
refer our own cogitations, but insulting to send to
the committee the thoughts of the people, the au-
thors of all political power
Now, it seems to me, if the Senator from Ala-
bama, will exercise a little of that sober reaecuon
and calm consideration which he commended to
the Senator from Kentucky, he will think that he
spoke a little unadvisedly when he came out so
eloquently and so vehemently upon the simple
proposition to send these subjects, which are per-
fectly germane, to the committee. What are the
subjects which it is proposed to refer? Whv.sir
the subject of theabolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia is one, and it is not brought here by
abolitionists or fanatics, or anybody else of that
sort. Sir, it is introduced here by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, a representative from a
slave State, and the honorable Senator from Mis-
sissippi, who has been so jealous of the constitu-
tionai rights of the siaveholding States. Yes, sir,
;j the great champion of constitutional right on this
I floor has moved the Senate to refer the subject of
I the abolition of slavery in the District of Colli m-
j bia to a committee of thuteen. The sixth resolu-
; tion of the Senator from Kentucky is, that it is
| expedient to prohibit the slave trade in the District
I of Columbia, but that if is inexpedient to abolish
! slaveiy within the District. Now, sir, by the in-
| traduction of the subject by a Senator from a slave
] State, and upon the motion of another Senator
; from a slave State, these very subjects are to be
referred to this committee. Well, sir, the people
i s°nd petitions here. Now. shall not the petitions
i of the people be heard ? Is a resolution from a
] Senator of more dignify than the voice of the peo-
l pie themselves, coming here by legitimate petition?
j it seems to me the idea is monstrous, and lhatit is
I insulting, not to the Senate, but the people, to tell
I them that we wi'l raise grand committees, and will
consider everything under heaven, but that what
the people ask shall not be heard, and that it is
insulting to have them come here. I certainly
did not suppose I was doing anything hut adding
what was omitted by some mistake in this matter.
While the matter was to be referred, I thought I
was supplying an oversight in moving to refer
! these very subjects to this committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
having voted against the reception of al! these pe-
titions, emanating, as I think they do, from the
most corrupt of motives—such motives being in
fact stamped upon the face of very many of them-—
I certainly cannot now vote to take them up.
Having been laid on the table of the Senate by
the action of the Senate, 1 submit to the Chair
whether it is in the power of a member to move
to refer them, after they have been so disposed of
by the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the point of or-
der be made, the Chair will decide upon it. The
Chair is of the opinion that the amendment is not
now in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The petitions
having been laid on the table by the Senate, I hold
the motion now made, to proceed to take them
from the table, to be out of order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask whether the res-
olutions submitted by the Senator from Kentucky
tuuorts auuiiiitteu uy uic uwi
are properly under consideiation, under the prop-
osition submitted by the Senator from Mississippi ?
I make that point of order, tinu they are not now
before the Senate. They are laid on the table, as
were the petitions introduced by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is of
the opinion it is too late to raise that point of order
now.
