1§50.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back to the House without amendment,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, the House
bill entitled " An act regulating the appointments
and pay of engineers in the navy of the United
States;" which bill was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of,the Union.
Mr. GILBERT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, to provide for the establishment of a marine
hospital at San Francisco, in the State of Cali-
fornia; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion the House then adjourned.
MEMORIALS.
The following memorials were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate commit-
tees:
ByMr. CHANDLER: The memorial of sundry merchants
of Philadelphia, asking compensation for loss sustained in
merchandise, by the tailing of the public stores for bonded
goods.
Also, one from citizens of several Stales, asking that a
scientific coips be attached to the Mexican boundary sur-
vey.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, September 19, 1850.
Mr. CHASE presented several memorials from
different portions of the United Sf&tes, asking that
the proceedings and debates of Congress may be
printed in phonotypes; also, a memorial, drawn
with great care and ability, signed by J. P. An-
drews, Henry M. Parkhurst, William B. Lord,
H. E. Rockwell, James W. Svmonton and others,
setting forth that for the last five years an earnest
and growing effort has been made in this country
and fereat Britain to effect a radical "and thorough
reform in the orthography of the Anglo-American,
commonly called the English tongue, with a view
to establish the pronunciation of words wjth accu-
racy, and to facilitate the acquisition of the lan-
guage by youth and foreigners, and that the im-
proved method of spelling and printing for those
purposes, b*y means of an alphabet augmented
and slightly varied from that now in use, is denom-
inated Phonotypy, or" printing by sound."
In presenting these petitions the honorable gen-
tleman said: it may be known to the Senate that
the art of printirfg in phonotypy is one which has
long been a desideratum in science, and among its
earliest patrons was the illustrious Franklin. It
has been reduced of late years to a system, and
though.it is undoubtedly impracticable at this time
to comply in full with the desire of the petitioners,
I hope the Senate will consent to. the printing of
this memorial in that type. I move that this me-
morial, which is very brief, be printed in that
type in parallel columns with the ordinary type.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD,
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate in
the case ot Hector St. John Beatly, be referred to the Sec-
retary ot the Interior.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. v
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which were referred the additional doc-
uments and the resolution relating to the case of
Robert L. Blair, reported a bill for his relief, and
asked its immediate consideration.
The PRESIDENT. That motion requires the
unanimous consent of the Senate. If there be no
objection the bill will now have its second reading.
No objection having been made, the bill was
read a sccond time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole, ana no amendment having been
proposed, the bill was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which were referred the following petitions, to
wit:
The petition of Freeman Blakely, asking an
increase of pension; of Susannah Rose, widow ofa
revolutionary soldier, askingapension; of William
C. Sterret, asking a pension; of Martin Dubois, a
revolutionary soldier, asking an increase of pen-
sion; of the heirs of General William C. Keene,
asking a continuance of the pension granted him;
of Garret Burns, asking a pension; of citizens of
Washington county, Pennsylvania, asking that a
pension be granted to Elizabeth Porter, widow of
a soldier of the war of 1812, made a written report
in each case, asking to be discharged from their
further consideration.
LEGISLATION FOR CALIFORNIA.
.Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to provide
for the survey of the public lands in California and
New Mexico, and for the settlement of the titles
and claims to land, and the granting of donation
rights therein, reported back the same without
amendment. He took occasion to observe that
some of the bills that had been referred to the
committee were not printed and some were; that
the committee found it impossible to give that at-
tention to all the bills that was required, and as
to-morrow had been set apart for the consideration
of California business, he thought it best to report
back all the bills without amendment, and without
any specific recommendation, so that those that
were not yet printed might be in time for Senators
to have them before them to-morrow.
The bills of the following titles were then re-
ported without amendment:
The bill to make temporary provision for the
working and discovery of gold mines and placers
in California, and preserving order in the gold
mining districts.
The bill to provide for the examination and set-
tlement of titles and claims to land in California.
The bill to provide for extending the laws and-
the judicial system of the United States to the
State of California.
The bill to create the office of surveyor general
of public lands in the State of California.
The bill to provide for the appointment of a re-
corderofland titles in California, to collect and
register the private land claims, and to preserve the
evidences of the same until finally investigated by
the tribunal to be appointed by Congress for that
purpose.
The bill to grant donations of land to the early,
and preemption rights to the subsequent settlers.
The bill to ascertain and settle the private land
claims in the State of California.
PRIVATE BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred House bill No. 396,
being the bill for the relief of Aguirre & Gallivey,
of New York, reported back the same without
amendment, and recommended its passage.
THE CREW OF THE BRIG WASHINGTON.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of Eliza
Bache, widow of George M. Bache, late lieutenant
in the navy, asking the same allowance that was
granted in the case of the United States brig Som-
ers, reported a general bill for the relief of the
widows and orphans of the officers and seamen
lost from the United States brig Washington, on
the 8th of September, 1846; which was read a first
time by its title.
Mr, YULEE asked that, in consideration of the
late period of the session, the Senate would consent
to allow this bill to have its second reading at this
time.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let the bill be read.
The bill was then read.
It provides that the widows, if any such there
be, and in case there be no widows, the child or
children, and if there be no child, then the parent
or parents, and if there be no parents, the mothers
and sisters, if orphans, and under the age of eigh-
teen years, of the officers and seamen who were m
the service of the United States, and lost from the
brig Washington on the 8th of September, 1846,
shall be entitled to and receive, out of any money
in the Treasury nototherwiseappropriated, a sum
equal to six months' pay of their respective de-
ceased relatives aforesaid, in addition to the pay-jj
due to the said deceased at the date of their loss. I;
Mr. BRIGHT. I object. j.
The bill therefore did not receive its* second j
reading. j
HICKEY'S CONSTITUTION. |j
Mr. JiADGER submitted the following resolution, j!
which was read and passed to a second reading: ||
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to procure from j!
the pioprietor, lor the use of the Senate, ten thousand
copies of Hie key's edition of the Constitution, with anal- ■
phabcucal .tnaUbis, Washington's Inaugural and Farewell >
Addresses, and other important statistical matter illu>tr:uivb !
of the genius of the American Government and the devel- i
opment ot its principles: Provided, that they be furnished j.
at the same price as those last procured for the use of the ;
Senate. I
BILLS ON LEAVE FOR CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of notice, ask€fd and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish assay-
ing offices of the mint of the United States at Stock-
ton and Sacramento cities, in California, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and peeond
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, a bill to facilitate commerce by authorizing
the manufacture of large rectangular coins or in-
gots of the United States, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Comrmttee on Finance, and
both bills were ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill No. ISO, being the act to grant the right
of way to the Alton and Sangamon Railroad Com-
pany, was read the first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The bill No. 338, being the act to provide for
carrying into execution in further part the twelfth
article of the treaty with Mexico concluded at
Guadalupe Hidalgo, was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
PUBLIC LA'NDS IN OREGON.
The act to create the office of surveyor general
of the public lands in Oregon, and to provide for
the survey, and to make donations to settlers of
the said public lands, was read a third time and
STATUE OF COLUMBUS.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Butler on the 17th instant, was taken up and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library inquire into
the propriety of removing the group containing the statue
of Columbus, from its pieaent position on tne ea<t portico
of the Capitol, to a suitable place in some onetot the public
squares.
MINERAL LANDS.
The amendments of the House of Representa-
tives to Senate bill No. 27, to reduce the minimum
price of the mineral lands in the Lake Superior
district, in Michigan, and in the Chippewa dis-
trict, in Wisconsin, bavins; been read—
On motion by Mr. FELCH, the Senate con-
curred therein.
POTOMAC INSURANCE COMPANY.
The amendment of the House of Representatives
to Senate bill No. 43, being the bill to renew and
continue in force the charter of the Potomac In-
surance Company of Georgetown, was read. It is
an additional section, as follows:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That the stockholders of said
company shall be individually liable for the debts of said
corporation."
Mr. MASON. That is a bill that was reported
from the Committee for the District of Columbia,
to extend the charter of the Insurance Company
of Georgetown, a very old company, that ha3
been long in existence, and is a very useful one.
The proposition of the House amendment is to
introduce into its charter the new feature of making
the stockholders individually responsible for the
liabilities of the company. Whether that is or is
not a proper provision in such charters, I am not
disposed now to discuss; but i am exceedingly
averse to its being ingrafted upon the charter of
this company, which has been so long transacting
business satisfactorily under a charter without
such a provision. I therefoie move that the Sen-
ate disagree to the amendment of the House.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays;
and, being ordered, they were taken, and resulted
as follow:
YEAS—Messrs Badger, Baldwin, Btii, Benton. Berrien,
Bntler, Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton,
Ewiug, Greene, il\\e, Manxum, Piatt, Seward,
Sim Id-*, Smnh, Spruance, VV.iles, and Wmthrop—22
NAYS—MfSMs. Atchison, Barnwell, Crista,C'ds*,Cha«e,
Davis of Mi?--i>sippi, Dickinson, IMIgu'id WKconwn,.
Dodi^e of Iowa, ];ouclas, Dowiw, Foote, Gvviu, H.imlm,
Km", Nouis, Rusk, Sebastian, Soui6. Sturgeon, Tarney,
Underwood, Walker, aud Whitcornb—04.
So the Senate refused to disagree to the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that a motion to concur in the amend-
ment is now necessary.
Mr. WALKER. I think not. "A refusal to
disagree amounts to a concurrence, according to
j" ^ffgrson.
The PRESIDENT. Well, the practice has
been to put another question. However, if such
