1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
775
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator from Vir-
ginia oblige me by withholding his motion to
adjourn for a moment?
iVir. MASON. Yes, sir, certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire simply to ask, in
order to soften ail asperity of feeling and produce
harmony, that the suggestion made by the honor J
able Senator from Kentucky yesterday be now !
carried out, to wit, that the Senate take up the I
California bill, and make it the special order of '
the day fcrt half past one o'clock to-morrow. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that j
the Senate proceed to the eonsideiatlon of the Cali- '
fornia bill. [
Messrs. MANGUM and MASON simulta-
neously moved an adjournment.
Upon which motion Mr. HALE called for a
division, and the motion to adjourn was carried:
Ayes 33, noes not counted. I
Whereupon the Senate adjourned.
 !
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. !
Friday, Jlpril 39, 1850.
The House was called to order at twelve o'clock,
by Mr. Wjntthrop, of Massachusetts, Speaker]
pro tem. !
Prayer was made by the Rev. Mr. Butler. j
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved, j
THE CFIARGES AGAINST MR. HORNF.R. j
The following members compose the select com-
mittee ordered yesterday to be appointed to in- 1
vestigate certain charges made by Mr. Brown of 1
Mississippi, against R E. Horner, acting Door- i
keeper of the House of Representatives: 1
Messrs. Olds of Ohio, Va>,t Dyke of New Jer- j
sey, Phelps of Missouri, Caldwell of North ,
Carolina, and Leffler of Jowa. i
NICOLL AND CLINCH.
Mr. THOMAS moved that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole, on the bill for the relief of
Solomon T. Nicoll arid James Clinch, of the city
of New York, be terminated in ten minutes after ■
it shall again have been taken up in committee,
unless the same should have been sooner disposed i
of, and that the committee shall then proceed to ■
vote upon such amendments as were pending or
mi<<ht be offered.
Mr. T., on the suggestion of several gentlemen,
modified his motion so as to extend the time from
ten to twenty minutes.
Mr. BOWLIN suggested that no debate would
be in order to-day on any private bill, because it ;
was what was called " objection day." j
Several members explained to Mr B. that lie '
was under a misapprehension, this not being ob-
jection day. ;
The reading of the motion or^esolution was 1
called for.
The Clerk proceeded to reduce the resolution
to writing.
CONTESTED ELECTION TN TOWA.
The SPEAKER paid, that while the Clerk was
preparing the resolution, the Speaker would pre- .
sent certain depositions in relation to the con- :
tested election in Iowa. . ' j
The depositions were referred to the Committee i
on Elections. :
NICOLL AND CLINCH. j
The resolution of Mr. Thomas was then read,
and, the question having been taken thereon, it ,
was adopted. ;
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole, for the pur- ,
pose of resuming the consideration of the Private
Calendar.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. ALLEN, rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He sent to the Clerk 5s table the follow- f
ing resolution, which was read for information: j
Resolved, Tint all debate in the Committee of the Whole |
House on the ftate o( the Union, on the President's rne-sage 1
re-pectins: California, shall cea<e at one o'clock on FinUy [
next, (if the committee shall not •sooner comu to a conelu- ,
sion np.m the same ;) and the commiiiee shall then proceed
to vnt- on r-itch niaiter* or piopo*ihon* may be pending
or oflvrKl on the Mibject-imitter of s.iid message, and shall 1
then report the said menage to the tiou.-e, with the action
of the committee thereon. j
The resolution having been rend —
The SPEAKER said that, in the opinion of ;
the j Chair, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. j
Thomas]- having first obtained the floor, and j
moved that the House resolve itself into Commit- j
tee of the Whole, the resolution proposed by the j
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Allen] was '
not of such a character as to supersede that motion. ,1
If the gentleman from Massachusetts had obtained 1
the floor and offered his resolution before the gen-
tleman from Tennessee had made his motion, the 1
resolution would have been first in order. :■
So the resolution was not received.
Mr. JONES inquired of the Speaker, whether
the resolution was in order at all to-day, this being :
private bill day ?
The SPEAKER said, that resolutions of this
character had frequently been offered on private '
bill days.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Thomas, that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked that
gentleman to waive his motion, to enable him (Mr. -
T.) to make a repoit from the Committee on the i
Judiciaiy.
Mr. THOMAS said, that if he yielded the floor
to one gentleman he must do so to another—and
he, therefore, declined to yield.
The SPEAKER was understood to intimate to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Thomas,] i|
that if he yielded the floor, any other motion
would then be in order. ]|
Mr. VINTON suggested that it was some time !
since the committees had been called for reports,
and that it would be desirable that one hour should ,!
be devoted to that object. jj
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Thomas;] and the question was taken and
decided in the nffiimative—ayes 74, noes 49. ;
So the House resdved itself into Committee of '
the Whole, (Mr. Kaufman*, of Texas, in (he chair,) i
and resumed the consideration of the private cal- ;
endar. J
NICOLL AND CLINCH.
The bill first in order, was the bill under debate
when the House was last m Committee of the
Whole, for the relief of Solomon T. jNicoll and
James Clinch, of the city of New York
And the pending question was on the motion,
heretofore made by Mr. Thomas, that the bill be '
reported to the House with a recommendation that
it do not pass. |
[The facts connected with this claim, and the 1
general points of the discussion to which they
gave rise, have been heretofore reported in the
14 Daily Globe."] i
Mr. STRONG took the floor, and spoke during i
the brief period to which, by the lesolution of the ;
House, the debatp had been limited, in favor of,1
the passage of the bill. He had not, he said, had '
the pleasure of being present upon former occasions
when the question had been under discussion. He
had, however, paid some attention to the bill, and ,
in his opinion, it presented a case which called ,,
loudly upon Congress for its favorable action.
jAfter a careful examination cf the bill, he was not ;■
able to come to any other conclusion, than that ,
'these claimants weie entitled to the sum which \
had been awarded to them by the Committee on '
Claims, who had made the report. There were .
some facts m the case in relation to which there ,,
was no dispute. It was not denied that the tea
was furnished by Nicoll <fc Co.—that the Govern- '
ment had received and used it—end that Niooll & ,
Co. had not been paid for then- property thus fur- 1
nished to the Government, and consumed by it.
But if he rightly understood the objections which
had been made t.o the payment of the claim, they
weie, that although the tea was furnished by Nicoll
& Co., yet it had been furnished on account of
Mason, who was indebted to the Go vein ment under
another contract, (for sugar,) and that the Govern-
ment, therefore, had a valid defence against the
claim. Upon theSe points, he took issue with gentle-
men who opposed the bill. And in the first place, it
was his intention to contend that the evidence sub-
mitted in the documents accompany in   the report ot ,
the committee, showed nothing less than that the ,
tea was furnished under the contract made; and in j
the next place, he should procced to show that
even if it were not so, the Government had no
valid defence even as against Ma^on. To sus- jj
tain these two positions, Mr. S. proceeded to refer j]
to the report of the committee, and to read various
extracts from the evidence"'in the case. The Gov-
ernment, he argued, had received and used the
property. The parties ought to be paid. In any
event, Nicoll & Co. would sustain a very conoid*
era Me loss—the transaction having taken place" in
184G, nearly four years ago. Under the iujg
which had been established by the Government*
no interest was to be paid 
[Several Voices. That's nothing—let them go
to the departments and get the interest there.]
Mr STRONG, (continuing,)—upon the sum of
$1,810 appropriated by the bill. Nearly one-third
of the amount of the claim would therefore be lost.
Let the claim be paid, and let the Government
come upon the securities of Mason for the recov-
ery of any loss which it might have sustained
under the other contract for sugar.
The CHAIRMAN announced that the twenty
minutes allotted under the resolution of the House
for debate, had expired.
The question was on the motion that the bill be
reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. CLEVELAND inquired of the Chair
whether he could now move an amendment, and
avail himself, under it, of the rule allowing expla-
nations of five minutes after the general debate
should have been closed?
The CHAIRMAN answered in the affirmatiTe.
Mr. CLEVELAND then offered a pro f&rtna
amendment, changing the sum appropriated by the
bill. And, in explanation, he proceeded to say,
that the mail had brought him a letter from tne
former Chief of the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing, Gideon Welles, who had made this con-
tract with Mafon,in which letter Mr. Welles gave
a history of the transaction. He (Mr. C.) thought
that the House should be in possession of the
summary of facts there given, before voting"upon
the bill; and he trusted, therefore, that the letter
might be read.
[The letter was sent to the Clerk's table and
read. A copy was not furnished for publication.]
The letter having been read—
Mr. CLEVELAND proceeded to remark, that
he believed the House was now in possession of
all the facts of the ca?e. There was no chance
for any man to misunderstand it. The contract
was made with Mason. N(5 other man than Mr.
Welles had the right to make, or to attempt to
make it. When he had made the contract, he
made the requisition under the contract. When the
tea was supplied  
The hammer fell.
Mr. CLEVELAND withdrew his amendment.
Mr. CROWELL moved to amend the bill by-
adding to the sum therein appropriated the amount
of the interest from the first day of July, 1846.
In explanation, Mr. C. proceeded to remark, that
his object in moving this amendment was, that
he might have an opportunity of comparing the
statement which had been just read by the Clerk
from the loving epistle received by the honorable
member from old Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland,]
with the official statement which the same gentle-
man (Mr. Welles) had made, when at the head of
the bureau of Provisions and Clothing, and whieh
was published with the report of the committee.
In that epistle Mr. Welles had stated that the
account was made out in the manner we found it,
in consequence of the defalcation of Mason in his
:>u^ar contract. Well, now, it would be seen that
that account was made out in the name of Mason,
on the 16th of June, 1846; and that Mr. Welles,
in his oilicud letter to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims, stated that the defalcation of
Mason was reported to the department on the 9th
of October. He (Mr. C.) would only ask, in this
connection, how the account could have been made
out in the manner set forth in the statement, in.
consequence of the defalcation, when it was made
out five months before the defalcation, as Mr.
Welles saiif. was known to the bureau?
Mr. CLEVELAND, (interposing.) Mr.Welles's
letter says that the bills, when piesented, were
presented in the name of Mason. He does not
say when it was done.
Mr. CROWELL, (continuing.) In consequence
of the defalcation of Mason, that the Government
mi^ht come in with its offset. That is the state-
ment in the letter, and it is cut up by the roots by
the official representation made by Mr. Welles
when at the head of the bureau.
