1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that the contract would not run three years. The !
contract wade with the Bay Company at the same ;
time was irrevocable, and during the existence of
that contract this coach service was necessary. All
the circumstances at the time the contract was en- ■
tered info, induced the beiief that ir would not be ,
revoked. It was entered into in good faith for |
three years. Had the contingency of the contract
being set aside been anticipated, a forfeiture of two ;
months'extra pay would have been provided in the I
contract. He referred to the great sacrifices in- |
curred by the contractors in making their ariange- 1
ments for the service at so short notice and under !
so disadvantageous circumstances, as well as in ;
having; the contract terminated so soon, and said |
it was one of those strong cases m which the al- ■
lowance of the claim would furnish no bad prece-
dent. The amount reported was no considerable 1
portion of the loss incurred by the contractors,
which, if the contract had been continued, would ,
not only have been avoided, but a handsome profit
mi^ht have been reasonably anticipated. All the ,
facts of the case, as set forth in the report, con- i
spired to show the equity of the claim. ;
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, said, he hap- I
pened to be intimately acquainted with this claim, '
and with the parties interested. Messrs. Graham |
& Finnall had entered into the contract at a time i
when the Postmaster General was resisting the i
exactions of the railroad and steamboat compa- |
nies. Mr. Graham, a man of great energy and \
talent, who would not disgrace a seat in the Cabi- i
net, with Mr. Finnall, his father-in-law, in the
dead of winter, upon a very short notice, by ex-
traordinaiy exertions, furnished himself with the
necessary means for the mail conveyance upon
this route, and engaged in the execution of this
contract, which was formed by Cave Johnson,
(who by hi? vigilance had acquired the soubriquet
of the Cerberus of the Treasury,) for the purpose
of protecting the Post Office Department. That
officer—whatever his political faults—had always
faithfully protected the interests of the department.
After the contract was entered into,constant exer-
tions were made to get the mail back to the rail-
road, which were finally successful—and thus the
stock was left a dead property upon the hands of
the contractors.
Mr. SVVEETSER interposed, and asked if the
Postmaster Geneial did not pay these claimants all
the forfeiture stipulated in the contract?
Mr. THO VIPSON replied that he did pay them
for one month extra, but that he (the Postmaster
General) said,if the point had been brought to his
notice at the time, he would have provided in the
contract for a forfeiture of two months'extra pay,
to which he thought the contractors were equitably
entitled in consequence of the extraordinary sac-
rifices to which they had been sifbjected, for no
fauit of theirs. He (Mr. T.) thought the claim
perfectly just and fair, and hoped it would be
allowed.
Mr. POTTER called for the reading of the bill;
which was again read.
Mr. P. said, probably enough had already been
said to put the commiuee in possession of all the
facts necessary to govern their opinions on the
bill under consideration. He then proceeded to
give a brief review of the difficulties attending the
transportation by the railroad companies of the j
southern mail—of the contract entered into by the !
Postmaster General with the Chesapeake Bay and !
James River hoat line, to carry the large mail, '
and with the claimants in this case to carry the '
local mail between Washington and Richmond.
He adverted to the discontinuance of the contract
with the latter, in consequence of the subsequent
conclusion of a contract with the railroad compa-
nies—and to the losses which Graham and Finnall
had sustained, by having their stock, &c., thrown
idle upon their hands, there being no purposes to i
which that stock could be applied, other than that !
for which it had been expressly procured. r
Mr. HALL desired to be informed by the gen- ;
ntleman from Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] whether there
was any evidence before the committee, to show
that the amount which the parties had reeeived did
not pay them for all expenses incurred, and also a
fair remuneration for their services ?
Mr. POTTER replied, that the committee, on
the evidence before them, were satisfied that these
parties had sustained a loss much greater than the
amount appropriated m this bill would cover. The
committee haii, however, taken the recommenda-
777
I tion of the Postmaster General, as the lowest sum
: which they could in equity allow. Although he
; (Mr. P.) believed that the, contract which the
| Postmaster General had made with the land routes
j and the steamboat line was an imprudent one, yet
; the justice of the present claim was such as, in
i his judgment, to commend it strongly to the favor-
| able consideration of the committee.
S After an inquiry by Mr. THOMPSON, of Mis-
j sissippi,
! Mr. POTTER said, that the committee, upon
| an examination of all the facts of the case, were
1 of opinion that this allowance ought to be made,
| and that, when made, it would not compensate the
' parties for the losses they had sustained. There
! was no obligation on the part of the department to
| pay them more than one month's allowance; that
, allowance had been made. Therefore it was that
j an appeal had been made to the justice and equity
; of this House. He hoped it would not be made
, in vain.
Mr. SWEETSER regretted, he said, that he
could not concur with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr.
Potier,] in the propriety of the payment of this
claim. This was simply one of the ordinary
cases of application for extra allowance for ser-
vices performed. It was one of a numerous class
of cases. It was admitted by the chairman of the
committee, that these individuals had enteied into
a contract with the Government—that the Govern-
ment had paid every dollar that it contracted to
pay—that there was a provision for the discontin-
uance of the service on the allowance of one
month's pay—that the contingency upon which
the discontinuance was to take place having hap-
pened, the allowance had been made, and that the
contract had in every paiticular, been complied
with on the part of the Government. The parties,
however, had made no profits under the contract, !
as they expected to have done, but, on the contra- I
ry, it was said had sustained losses, and therefore
they presented themselves here for redress. Tins
was one of a class of claims which did not appeal
very strongly to the consideration of the House.
Nor should the principle be sanctioned, that if;
improvident contracts were made by the officers 1
of the Government, ihe parties might come here
and ask Congress to make them whole,.
Mr. CROW ELL desiied, he said, before the
question was taken, that the committee should
know and understand the character of the claim
under consideratien. If he understood its charac-
ter correctly, it was a mere gratuity. The parties
had entered into a certain contract with the Gov-
ernment, and one of the stipulations bad been, I
that the Postmaster General might discontinue
the service, and that, in the event of his doing so,
a certain allowance should be made. Now, there j
was no principle upon which Congress had been j
in the habit of adjudicating claims more universal j
and uniform in its application than this: that ;
where a contract was terminated by its own pro- i
vision, Congress would never pay the contractor I
anything by way of speculation—by way of meting j
out what the contractor supposed, or fancied, that j
he might have realized if the contract had been [
carried out to its final limit. But it was said that I
the present case formed an exception to the rule I
ordinarily governing claims of this description, i
He knew that applications were made by con- I
tractors for what they might have made, and he !
knew that they were always refused. !
Mr. FOWLER, (interposing.) Did the parties !
receive the, month's pay stipulated for on the con- I
tingency of the discontinuance of the same5 i
Mr. CROWELL said, the Postmaster General
stated that he did allow the measure of damages
agreed upon in the contingency referred to. He
(Mr. C.) believed that if the"committee, under-
stood the matter, they would not depart from the
rule which had uniformly governed the adjudica* ■
tion of such claims, by making the allowance '
provided for in this bill, h would be the mere
donation of a sum of money over and above the
amount stipulated in the contract to be paid upon !
the discontinuance of the service. This House did ,
not know, and could not know, what these parties j
might have made if the contract had been carried (
out to the end. It was uncertain. They might t
have made more, or they might have made less, 'i
The allowance of one month's pay on discontinu- ,
ance was agreed upon for the very purpose of
: thertrouble if rhecontingency contemplated should
, happen. It did happen, and-the month's ailow-
, ance was paid. The account at the department
had thus been closed, and he hoped that it would
not be reopened by this House, and that this al-
lowance would not be made. There was no evi-
. dence upon file that any wrong had been suffered,
or that there had been any attempt to overreach
j these parties. Everything on the part of thePosf-
< master General had been open and fair. He (Mr.
, C.) hoped that the rule uniformly adopted would
not be departed from. There was no hardship in
the case which should so press upon this House as
to induce a departure from that rule. And he
moved, therefore, that the bill be laid aside to be
reported to the House with a recommendation that
it do not paqs.
Mr. PHELPS earnestly favored the passage of
the bill. Referring to the circumstances under
which the contract had been made, he entered into a
I recapitulation of the difficulties attending the trans-
, portation of the southern mail, tracing them from
: their commencement to the period of their con-
i tract with the Chesapeake Bay and James River'
i boat-line, thence to the period of the final com-
j promise which was made with the railroad com-
j pany, and of the consequent discontinuance of the
! services of Messrs. Graham & Finnall. The evi-
dence before the committee showed that these con-
tractors had accually lost money, and that they
had been left with an amount of useless stock upon
their hands. The committee who reported the
bill,how-ever, had not awarded to them theamount
which they claimed. The committee could not
determine exactly what was the amount which
should be paid, but they had thought that two
months' extra pay would not be allowing two
much. He admitted that the case was one of
equity. So were all such cases—otherwise they
could be adjudicated by the departments without
the interposition of Congress. In his judgment,
the case presented a strong equitable claim upon the
consideration of Congress
Mr. HEBARD suggested the correction of a
clerical error in the bill—which was accordingly
corrected.
The question was then stated by the Chairman
to be on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Crowell,"j that the bill be laid aside to be
reported to the Ilouse, with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
And the question having been taken, the vote
stood—ayes 22, noes 72.
No quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
being at the time in the chair) having stated the
result—
Tellers were called for.
The CHAIRMAN, remarking that the rule
which requited the roll to be called when no quo-
rum was present m committee was imperative,
directed the Clerk to call the roll.
Mr. DUER, (to the Chairman.) Is it not in
order to call for tellers ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order. It
would have been in order, if the call for tellers
had been made before the result of the decision
had been announced.
The roll was then called.
And the call having been completed—
The SPEAKER (pro tem.) resumed the chair,
and the chaiiman of the committee reported the
fact, that the committee had found itself without
a quorum, <&c.
And thereupon (in compliance with the provi-
sions of the rule") the names of the absentees were
ordered to be entered on the Journal of the House.
A quorum having answered—
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Kaufman) resumed his
seat in committee.
And the question recurred on the motion that
the bill be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the committee rise,
intending, he said, if that motion should prevail,
to move that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS submitted that the motion was
not m order, because at the time the committee
found itself without a quorum, the committee was
dividing upon the motion that the bill be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
saving an investigation, and putting an end to fur- i not pass. He submitted that the committee rr.ust
