1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The first amendment was to the item—
" For stationery, fuel, printing, and all other contingent
expanses of the Hous« of Representative?, $197,749: Pro-
vided, That the members of the present House of Repre-
sentatives shall be allowed $45 for stationery for the
first, and $35 for he sccond session."
The amendment proposed by the committee was
to strike out the proviso.
Mr. DICKINSON. That amendment is de-
signed to strike out the provision which makes
Congress legislate with respect to the amount of
stationery to be allowed the House. We thought
it altogether unbecoming to legislate on that
subject.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strikeout the word
" thirtieth" and insert the words " twenty-sixth,"
in the following item:
"For carrying into effect ihe international exchanges of
books, authorized by the act of the [thirtieth] 2bth June,
1848, entitled * An-act to regulate the exchanges of certain
documents and other publications of Congress,' $2,GOO."
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment was to add at the end of
the same item the words, si and the said act is
hereby repealed." Agreed to.
The fourth amendment proposed to stride out the
following item:
"To enable tha Clerk of the House of Representatives to
furnifh and deliver to each of tire members and delegates of
that House, of the present Congress, who have not already
received them, such books as have been furnished to the
members of the 28th, 29th and 39th Congresses, including to
all members and delegates ol the present House, the i e&idue
of the eighth v-lume of the statutes of the United States, al-
ready published, the ninth volume of that work, and the
index ; aUo, the collected opinions o( the Attorneys Geneial
of the United Statu*, published under the direction of H.
D. Gilpin, Esq, late Attorney General, and X^inance Re-
ports, which have been prepared in obedience to the act of
ingress of May 10th, 18.i0, $30,o0t>: Provided, That this
shall not authnuae the reprinting of any of said books ; and
the Clerk shall, befoie said books are delivered to members
entitled to receive them, cause each copy to be marked-or
stamped in some ineffaceable manner, on the cover and
title page, with the name of the member receiving the
same: ^Ind prowled further, That no work thus aathoi ized
to be furnished shall be obtained or delivered by the Cl£rk
unless he shall be able to procure a sufficient number ol
copies thereofto furnish a complete set to each member and
delegate entitled thereto; and to m&ert—
" For addition to the contingent fund of the House of Re-
presentatives, $30,000." *
Mr. DICKINSON. I can explain the object of
this amendment in less time than it will take the
Secretary to read it. There is a clause m this bill
appropriating $30,000 for the contingent fund of
the House of Representatives, and then it proceeds
to describe what it is to pay for. it is the same
question we had here the other day. The Senate
committee have proposed to strike out the whole
matter as regards the purchase of books, and to
give to the House of Representatives the amount
they ask for as a contingent fund; namely, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifth amendment proposed to strike out the
word " five" and insert " one" in the item—
u For compensation of the Vice President of the United
States, $5,000."
JVI r. DICKINSON. The reason for that amend-
mentis that the Vice President in the present fiscal
year served only from the first of July to about the
middle of that month. The estimates were made
during the life of the late President, and even this
$1,000 will be much more than is necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth amendment pioposed to strike out the
item—
« For the incidental and contingent expenses of said de-
paitment, [of State,] viz: For publishing in newspapers of
the Slates and Territories the laws ol the United States,
$•10,850 and insert—
" For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, and in the
newspapers of the States and Territories, and in the city of
Washington, $ie,200."
Mr. DICKINSON. There was a decided mis-
take on ihe part of the House of Representa-
tives on this question. The department estimated
,$18,000 for publishing the laws in pamphlet form
and in two newspapers: The House of Repre-
sentatives, intending to exercise economy, confined
the publication to one paper. But the department
had made their contract, according to the usual*
custom, for the publication of the laws in two pa-
pers; and, as this contract has been made, it is ne-
cessary that the State Department should have the
money.
The amendment was agreed to.
The 7th amendment proposed to strike out the
word/i m italic in the following item:
" For publishing the laws in pamphlet form, including proof-
reading, packing, ami distributing laws and documents, in-
cluding boxes, labor, and transportation, $IQ,000,55
The amendment was agreed to.
The 8th amendment proposed to correct a cleri-
cal error, by the addition of the words in italic, in
the following item:
" For compensation of superintendentand four watchmen
of the northeast executive building, one thousand seven
hundred and ten dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The 9th amendment proposed to reduce the item
for Garniture in the office of the First Comptroller
from $500 to $100.
The amendment was agreed to.
• The 10th amendment proposed to add to the
item—
" For cases for tecords, documents, and official papers
preserved m the oifice [of the First Auditor,] and neces&ary
furniture, $1,000;" the words—
"And for $'200 in addition to the salary now received by
the recording clerk in the First Auditor's office."
The amendment was agreed to.
The eleventh amendment proposed to amend the
item—
"For compensation of Commissioner of Indian Affairs',
and the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in his
olfice, [$18,700$"] by striking out the figures between brack-
ets und adding—
"Including the sum of $1,109 SG due and to be paid to
George R. Herrick, forseiviccs hen lotorc performed under
the sixteenth clause of the act of M^y 9th, 1836, entitled
'An act providing for the salaries ot certain officers therein
named, and tor other purposes,' $19,8U9 86."
The amendment was agreed to.
The twelfth amendment proposed to reduce the
appropriation for library, maps, &c., for the office of
the Secretary of the I ntenor, from $5,500 to $1,000.
Mr. EWING. There has been no appropria-
tion for a library for that department yet to any
amount, though I believe there was $500 granted
in the appropriation bill of last year. The officers
of that department now have no books, and are-,
obliged to borrow the books from other depart-
ments which they find it necessary to examine.
This is a small appropriation, and i hope it may
be made, as it is so essential for the efficiency of
that department.
Mr. DICKINSON. The committee depended
upon the estimates that had been made before. The
amount asked for was $1,000, and we did not pro-
pose to go beyond that, unless there was some
special reason for it, for the whole amounts in this
bill, taken together, are very large indeed, and the
committee thought wherever there was an oppor-
tunity they would curtail rather than increase
them. It is for the Senate to decide tbe matter,
however. There was a small appropriation of
§500 last year, and another appropriation of §1,000
is now to be given, which I hope will suffice.
Mr. EWING. I think it wiil be found that at
the last session this department asked for $5,000
for a library, and an annual appropriation of $1,000.
Instead of $5,000, however, only $500 was appro-
priated. If the $5,500 be now given, it will be
precisely the amount asked for by that department,
and that is exceedingly moderate. "What gentle-
man would sit down to examine an important
subject in a private library of less value than is
here asked for? Why, then, should nota depart-
ment, which has so many important matters to
examine, have a reasonable number of books, so
as not to have4to come to the library of Congress
to get infoi mation, nor be obliged to borrow books
from other departments of the Government, it
seems to meit is very injudicious, and like depri-
ving a mechanic of the tools of his trade. j
Mr. DICKINSON, i think the Senator is in j
error as to the estimates. These are the annual j
estimates. There never has been any recommen- i
dation to Congress to make- an annual appro- ;
priation of $5,000. In some form, by special !
communication, it was asked that there should be ;
an appropriation for a library; but this was an ,
afterthought. They asked only §1,000 in the
estimates for their library.
This department was created because it was
supposed it was going to be no expense to the
country; and the expenses of.it up to this time
have run up to over §100,000. 1 will not enter
upon any discussion now as to the value of this
department in facilitating the operations of Gov-
ernment; but I must be allowed to say here, that,
in my opinion, so far from facilitating those ope-
rations, it has tended only to make the duties of
Government more onerous. 1 do not mean to
go beyond the recommendations of the Executive
upon these questions, and when we have go-ne
even that far, 1 think we shall find ourselves very
strangely at sea. Estimates have been going on
year after year, and every abuse that has crept in
under every Administration has bee  retained. I
conversed the other day with a very experienced
officer of the present Administration, who assured
me that he believed that, with proper economy,
the annual expenses of this Government could be
cut down $l0,0t'0>000, and still have all its pres-
ent strength and vigor; but that that never could
be done without the cooperation of the execu-
tive departments. I am willing to give the money
which they ask for, but I think they ought to en-
deavor to. reform abuses, i dQ not charge these
abuses upon this or any other Administration.
They have been growing up from time to time
until the present hour, and they have become
enormous. With the concurrence of the execu-
tive departments and the cooperation of Con-
gress, 1 believe, that the expenses of the Govern-
ment mightbe vastly curtailed. We can do no more
than give the estimates which the departments ask,
and I do think that we should not go beyond them.
Mr. EWiNG. There is certainly a mistake
about these estimates. I have not looked-at them
for some time, but i am confident there is a mis-
take. There was an estimate made for $5 000,
either in the deficiency bill or in the House of Rep-
resentatives; and i know the fact was never over-
looked, after that department was created and went
into action, that it wanted a library. Everybody
knows that it is necessary that it should have one.
The Senator talk3 about abuses, excessive abuses,
and says there should be curtailing. Should that
curtailing be made by diminishing the number of
books neceesary for the reading of the head of a
department, in cider that he may understand his
business? Is it good economy to compel him to
borrow books from other departments, and take
them back again ? It seems to me it is a singular
kind of economy, indeed. If economy is to be re-
sorted to, do it with reference to something that
can be dispensed with. These books cannot be
dispensed with, if we desire our officers to act in-
telligently.
Mr. DICKINSON. I repeat thatl believe there
was a recommendation in some form that there
should be an appropriation made for a library.
But that had nothing to do with the annual appro-
priation; and I repeat that in the annual appro-
priation no such amount was asked for. The mo-
ney does not belong to me, and the economy is
not for me. I stated the facts, and am willing the
Senate shall decide. I stated that this depart-
ment, which it was said was to cost nothing, has
been one of the most expensive of the executive
branches of the Government. 1 ask for no false
economy; and I do not wish to deprive this depart-
ment of such books as they need. If 1 did, I
would not attempt to carry it out m this Senate.
Mr. EWING. I remember the manner in which
this appropriation was asked for. An appropri-
ation had been made for this department in the
past year. Immediately after the meeting of Con-
gress the department applied, in the deficiency bill,
for an appropriation, and among the rest for
$5,000 for a library. Before the bill was acted
upon by the two Houses, and while it was still
pending, and still believed that $5,000 would be
appropriated, the sum of $1,000 was asked for an-
nually, in order to keep up that library. The
$5,000 were not provided-by the deficiency bill;
and therefore, as a mattei of course, the sum was
carried over to the annual appropriation bill, and
it is now asked for.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator says the thou-
sand dollars was asked for whiie that was pending
before the House.
Mr. EWING. I understand so.
Mr. DICKINSON. The deficiency bill was
under consideration in April last. This estimate
of one thousand dollars was made in December.
So that the Senator wiil perceive he is in error in
saying that this estimate of a thousand dollars was?
made after the other amount was under consider-
ation.
Mr. EWING. They may have been sent up
at the same time, for aught I know. But it was
supposed, at the time this thousand dollars was
asked for, the sum of five thousand would also fce
accorded. It is no matter, however, at what par-
ticular moment the application was made.
