TO-
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
proceed to determine the question upon which the
division was rakmsr place.
A brief conversation followed, after which
The GHAiRMAN put the question on report-
is# the bill to the House, with a recommendation
that do not pass.
And the question being again taken, the vote
stood—ayes 26, noes 69.
. No quorum voting.
Tellers (Messrs. Strong, of Pennsylvania, and
Mason, of Kentucky) were appointed.
Artd the question being again taken, the vote
s^ood—ayes 35, noes 86-
So the House determined that the bill should
not be reported to the Hoi*se with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
The CHAIRMAN said that if no amendment
was offered, the bill would be laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
Mr* CARCTER (for the purpose heretofore
indicated t y him) moved that the committee rise.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Geor-ia, (to the Chair.)
If we should now rise, will this bill be reported to
the House ?
The HH AIRMAN" answered in the affirmative.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I hope the committee
will rise.
The CHAIRMAN" put the question, and the
affifrnative vote was G7; noes not counted.
So the committee rose and reported us action to
the House.
On motion, it was resolved that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
ne^t.
THE CASE OF MR. HORNED.
Mr OLDS, chairman of the select committee
appointed i«> investigate the chaiges made against
the acting Doorkeeper of the House, R. E. Hor-
NEit, esq., offered the following resolution; which
was read:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed to inves-
tigate the charges preferred by Mr. Brown, of Missis-ippi,
Robert B Homer, acting Doorkeeper of the House,
have p nv. r f> semi fo> persons and papers.
The resolution was adopted.
A motion was made that the Hou^e adjourn.
Mr. CllOWELL hoped that the motion would
be withdrawn until the bills which had been re-
ported fiom the Committee of the Whole should
have been acted upon.
The SPEAKER said no question would be put
unul the House had come to order.
Order having been restored —
Mr. K AUFA1AN united in Mr. Mr. Croweu.'s
request.
The motion to adjourn not having been with-
drawn,
The question thereon was taken, and decided in
the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
JNICOLL AND CLINCH.
This hill coming up first in order—
Mr. STRONG moved the previous question.
Mr, THOMAS moved that the bill be laid upon
the table, and asked the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. McDONALD moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and thai the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Tellers (Messrs. Richardson and Duncan)
were appointed.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 90, noes 2$.
CALIFORNIA.
So the House again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Richaiwsov, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the California ques-
tion.
Mr. CLEVELAND was en'i'led to the floor,
and addressed the committee d irmg the allot ed
hour. [His remaiks Will be published in the Ap-
pendix ]
Mr. C. having concluded,
Mr. MOREHEAD obtained the floor, but
yielded to a motion that the committee rise.
The motion having prevailed, the committee
rose and reported progress.
And the House adjourned until Monday next at
twelve o'clock. I
PETIT.ONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c,,'
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 71 citizens of Wayne
county, Indiana, ptaymg Confess to provide a trial by jury
for peiaous claimed as! ngitive sluvts.
Also, the petition of 72 citizens of the same county,
asking Congtess to repeal ail laws by which slavery or the
slave trade ^authorized in the D.strict of Columbia, or in
deiault of such repeal, to remove the seat of the National
Government.
Also, the petition of 75 citizens of the same county, pray-
ing Congress to refuse, the admission of any more siavthold-
ing States into the Union.
Also, the petition of 74 citizens of the same county, pray-
ing the prohibition of slavery and the slave trade in all the
territories ot the United States.
By Mr. McDONALD: The petition ofE. M. Weaver and
6S other electors of Lafayette Indiana, for the repeal of ail
slave laws in the Distnct ol Columbia.
Also, the petition ot Martin L. Pierce and 78 other elect-
ors ol Lafayette, Indiana, for the establishment and p o-
inotHm of freedom ta toe territories ol the United States.
By Mr. HOWE: The petition of S. T. Hallock and-63
others, citizens or Crawford county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to provide by law that wbt*n any person shall he
uire.-ied as a fugitive slave in any State othei than that in
which he is alleged to be held to service, he shall not be
delivered to the claimant or his agent, except on the finding
ot a jurj that he is the slave ol the claimant.
Also, the petition of L. D. Sherman and 63 others, citi-
zens of the same county, praying Congiess to repeal all
laws by which slaveiyor toe slave trade is authorized in
the city of Washington, or the District of Columbia; and
that i the event ot their non-repeal the seat of the Na-
tional Government may be removed to some more suitable
location.
Also, the petition of Loran Marsh and 64 others, citizens
ot Cravvtord county, Pennsylvania, praying Congte>s to
aomtt no State hereafter mt • the Union, unle s the consti-
tution ot such State shall expiessly prohibit the existence
ol slavei v withfn its limits.
Abo, ihe petition of Truman Hendiyx and 63 others, citi-
zens of Ciawford county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to piohilnt slavery and the slave trade in all the territories
of the United States.
By Mi. SUHtiRMERUORN: The petition of27 Senators
of tlie Siate ot New York, piaving for the establishment of
a new judicial distuct in western New York.
By Mi. iJl \I YliOK : The petition of Joseph Lanbach and
6(5 oilier-*, praymg tor the establishment ol a post-ioute iroin
Allentown, by wav of Catisangua, Luubacli's, to Cherry-
ville, a distance of twelve mile.-, m Lehigh and Northamp-
ton counties, l'enus\Ivania.
By Mr C VSKY: Seven petition5! of citizen's, praying
that slavery and the slave trade tnav be abolished and pto-
tnbitcd in ;ill the teiutones ot the Umted Suites.
Also, tin; petition of citizens of Penn^jlvama, asking a
reduction of postage on piepaid letters to tile unitorni late
of two cents.
Also, seven petitions of citizen-* of Pennsylvania, asking
Congicss to establish an Agncnltoial biueau
Also, thiee petitions, a-kmg Congress to establish a mail-
route jnun Selm's Grove, Union county, to Wilhumsport,
Lyeoming county, Pennsylvania.
Al-o, the petition ol H-'iny Studehuker, and 139 citizens
ot Butler county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to grant
bounty 1 uid> ro the otherrs and soldiers ot t ie war of 1812.
Hy iMi !!' 'AGLAiVD : The petition of James lJenrj,
asking for a donation offunds to the Steubenville and In-
diana railjoad company.
J y Mr. HAM M OjVJ . The pntiiion of the Rev. L. Van
Bock.diu and otlieis, resident* ot Baltimore county, asking
that the iate of postage may he reduced.
Bv Mr. TAYLOR1 The petition of Jared Menefee and
13 o-thers, <• 111/1'11> of Jackson county, Ohio, praying that
slavei y and the slave trade may be prohibited liy ac-t of Con-
s r< --? in ail the tc titoiie- ol the United Suites.
Also, the pennon of Jaied Menefee and 17 others, citi-
zen* of Liek and Libeity townships, in Jackson county,
Oilio, pra\mg that no State be hereafter admitted into the
Union, unless the constitution ol such State shall expiessly
prolulnr the existence ot xlavny within it< hunts.
Also, the petition of J ired Menelee and 11 others, citizens
• fLick and Liberty townships, in Jackson county, Ohio,
requeuing tis.u whenever a pei>on shall be arrested as a
furtive s|,ivh. in any State otln-r than that in which he is
alleged to be Ik hi to servu-e, he shall not be deliveied to the
claimant or his agent, except on the finding of a jury that
;; he  s t!>«* .-lave ol the claimant.
] Bv Mr. PHELPS: The petition of William M Wall and
i 113 others, citizens ot M(s*oun, praving Congiess to abolish
I iIn* otfiee ot Chaplain, and henceforth retiaui from all legis-
. latio.i on religion* subjects. The petitioner* ^taie, «• We
beg leave to a-Mire your honorable bodies, that this petition
; and remori*irance is not induced by any want of respect for-
I that religion which b from Heaven or that Kingdom which
I H not of this world We a*k, as reh<rioni-ts, only what we
, are willing to concede to all other—ihe treeexeici<e of the
1 religious establishments to which we severally belong so
far the fie ■ exeiei*c of our religion shall not infringe' the
equal rights of'our fellow-citizens. It the members of the
, Houses of Congress aic <hspo-ed to pa), or if thev aie m-
1 chned IO lure men to pray for them, on their own "responsi-
bility, and at their own individual expense, we chum no
i right to object; but when they officially and in our name
; and by the appropriation of our funds, make legal provision^
for the sup ort of an army ot Chaplains, we are involved in
1 the responsibility, and tberehy aggrieved."
! ^ Also, a petition of John Boucher arid others, citizens of
; Barrv county, Missouri, pra}ing the passage ofa law to ner-
mit William H iddock to chnngc certain entries of land
i made at the Springfield land office, Missouri, through mis-
take. c
! Dv Mr COLE. The petition of Stephen Alien for a pension
: Also, the petition of L. B. Wrny.t and other citizens of
i Wisconsin, asking for an appropriation of land to open <md
construct a public road from Greuu Bay to St. Paul, Mm-
i ncfcota '
Also, the petition of S. H. Haines and 48 other citizens of
Wisconsin, asking Congress to secure the right ot trial by
jury to alleged higitive slaves.
Also, the petition of S. H. Haines and 36 other citizens of
Wisconsin, asking Coogre*s to repeal all laws for the sup-
port of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition ot S FI. Hames and 43 other citizens of
Wisconsin, asking Congress to prohibit slavery in the ter-
ntories of the United States.
Abo, the petition of S. II. Haines and 48 other citizens of
Wisconsin, asking Congress to admit no more slave States.
By Mr. ALEXANDER: The petition of 56 citizens of
WmficM, Herkimer county, New York, praying the repeal
of all laws adopted or enacted by Congress, by which slavrry
or the slave trade is authorized or sanctioned in the city of
Washington or the District of Columbia, and that in the
event of their non-repeal the seat of the National Govern-
ment be removed to some more suitable loca'ion.
Also, the petition of 57 citizens of Wmfield, Herkimer
county, New York, praying that no State be heieattcr ad-
mitted .into the Union, unless the constitution of su< h State
shall expressly prohibit the existence of slaveiy withm its
limits.
A's.o, the petition of 61 citizens of Winfield, Herkimer
county, New York> praying the prohibition of slavery and
the slave trade, in all the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of Salmon Jones and 27 others, ot Her-
kimer county, New York, praying the rHeasenieut ot Sayer
and Drayton, impeachment of ce.rtain officers, and ihe abo-
lition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. DUER: The petition of Samuel Avery for the
payment of $92, held by him in continental monej.
Al.so, the petition of F. H Manchester and others, citi-
zens of Madison count}, New York, for the abolition of the
traffic in the public lands, and the dedication of the same to
the free use of citizens not possessed of lands.
Also, the petition of citizens of Hamilton, New York,
prav intz for cheap postage.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of Jared Menefee, and
12 others, citizens of Jackson county, Ohio, praying for the
repeal of all the laws of Congress by which slavery, or the
slave trade is authorized in the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia.
By Mr. MORSE The petition of Juan Jos£ Cartanos,
praying compensation for moneys furnished certain Ameri-
can citizens, to enable them to "return to the United States.
By Mr. SEDDON: The petition ot the heirs of Philip
Courtney, deceased, for pay, &.c., due said Courtney for ser-
vices in the revolutionary war.
By Mr. WOOD : The petition of William L-ing and 18
others, citizens of Seneca county, Ohio, asking Congress to
make an appropriation for removing obstructions to naviga-
tion at the head of Sandusky bay, so as to render more easy
and safe tho parage of sailing vessels and steamboats into
the Sandusky river.
Bv Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania: Three petitions of
citizens of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, for the estab-
lishment of anew mail-route from Caibondale, via Arch-
bald, Blakeley. and Duntnore, to Serantoma.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania : The petition of James
Stewart and 118 others, citizens of Lawrence county, Pen-n-
s\lvania, praying that laud may be granted to the officers
and soldiers that served a tour in the war of 1812.
By Mr. WATKINS : The petition of SOU citizens of the
Second Congressional di-triet of Tennessee, praying that
the office of Chaplain in Congress be abolished.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Mary Martin, of Tennessee,
asking to be placed upon the roll of ievolutionary pen-
sioners.
By Mr. RUMHEY: The petition of Thomas Smith and
othei5, citizens of Hume, Alleghany county, New York, that
trial by jury be allowed to persons claimed as fugitive
slaves.
Also, the petition of M. W. Shift' and 57 others, citizens
of the same place?that no moie slave States be admitted
into ihe Union.
Also, the petition of John Van Antwerp and 59 others,
citizens of the same place, that slaveiy and the slave trade
be piolubited in the teiritoiies, bv act of Congiess.
A'so, the petition of E. Partridge and others, citizen^ of
same place, for the repeal of all laws and p,rts of laws
sanctioning slavery and the slave trade in the Di-tiict of
Columbia, and if not done, that the seat of Government be
removed.
By Air. J. A. KING: The memorial of Jeptha A. Wilkin-
son, upon the subject of a c>hndiical rotary printing press,
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 19, 1850.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives announcing that the Hon. Robert
C. Winthkop had been appointed Speaker pro tem.>
in the temporary absence of the Speaker.
CORRECTIONS OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. Mr. President, I
desire to correct the Journal. I perceive, by the
papers of this morning, that I am recorded as
having; \oted m the affirmative yesterday on the
amendment in re'ation to the abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia, instead of the nega-
tive. 1. wish the record to be corrected.
The Journal was corrected accordingly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to make
a slight correction of the Journal, with regard to
my vote upon the 10th proposition, which is this:
Provided, That nothing in this instruction shall be con-
strued to authorize the satd committee to take into consid-
eration anything that relates to either of the four following
subjects:
1st. The abolition of slavery within the States.
_ I could not vote yea, because it would have car-
ried the conclusion that I admitted the power to
