THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2,1, 1850.
New Series No. 118.
our Government and countrymen ia general,on the part of
the Sultan and his Ministers, than had heretofore fexi^ted.
I need not, honored sir, repeat here how much I was sup-
ported and aided in tins by your own noble and generous
language in the Senate in favor of the young Sultan, who
^has well merited your approval of his conduct. When I
"had ascertained that Mr. Marsh was disposed to favor me
with a short con%6, I informed the Grand Vizier, Richid
Pacha, and his Minister of Foreign Affair*, of my intended
visit to my country in the " Erie," and suggested to him the
propriety of sending an agent of the Sultm to the United
States with me. To at<yits Highness in obtaining the Sul-
tan's sanction to this, 1 also recommended that an officer of
the navy should be selected, who would he able to cultivate
more intimate and friendly relations with our Government,
and., at the same time, to profit by an examination of our
nav.I establishment*, our building yards, factories of ma-
chinery, manufactoues, &c. It has always been an object
of ambuion with me to ind«ce the Porte to purchase ina-
chineiyand steamers, and to employ Aint-riean1* in its service
in place el Englishmen; and I cannot devise a better method
■of effecting this than by rendering it, in a forcible manner,
acquainted with the resources of my own coumry, and its
means of furnishing tiiein as good, if not indeed better and
cheaper thiri from England. His Highness was much
f^eased with my proposal, and thanked me for an opportu-
nity of opening closer relations with a country wnich, he
said, liis defined to take ?o important a place in the family
of nations.'5 He added that the mission would be one of
much advantage to hi«? Govprmnenf, and begged me to ar-
range it at once with the Capudan Pacha. When I had so
far settled the matter as to render its success a certainty, I
communicated it to Mr. Maish, who, 1 need not add, was
aauch gratified with it.
An officer of the Sultan's Marine, or rather of the Staff
of the Admiralty, Amin Bey, wuh the rank of a commander
and mt^«r, was selected to accotwpany me. Hejias a secre-
tary, interpreter, and a seal bearer, or personal attendant,
wiih him. Among a p  ople wheie none have much educa-
tion, Amin tfey stands high for his knowledge ol geogiaphy,
navigation, and general information. Oo account of the
knowledge ol English which they possess, it was at first
proposed to send one of the officers who had been educated
in England, bat J objected to ii, and a-*ked for one who had
never been out of the East, and whose impressions would
all be our own. So that the Capudan Pacha gave me, as he
expressed it, one "wholly a Turk." Amin Bey has already
been chaiged with other missions by his Government. He
was sent a few year-ago to the Imaum of Muscat, and
during the recent Hungarian struggle on the frontiers ot
Turkey and Hungary, tit both cases with entire satisfaction
to the Sultan. He is warmly prepossessed in favor of our
great country, and the supeiior genius of its people. He is
acquainted with you as the generous advocate of his sov-
ereign, and I beg your permission to present him to you on
©ar arrival at Washington.
Amin Bey has thus far been the guestof our Government.
Mr. Marsh havingodicially requested Captain Porter to con-
vey htm to the United States, he came fiom Genoa, where
we embarked in the fine, to this place, free of any expense
whatever, and 1 am particularly desirous that he should, if
possible, continue to be itsguesi so long as he remains in the
United States. Our departuie from Constantinople was so
Slurried {so as to meet the Erie) that it was not determined
by the Porte what character lie should hold in the United
Stales, and his instructions, &c.', are to meet him at Wash-
ington. I recommended to the Minister of Foreign Affairs
th.it, in addition to the character of a special agent, he
should be also accredited by his Excellency to the Secretary
of State. Believing that this would be the case, he has, at
tny request, been received on board the Erie, and treated as
aCnarg<£ d'AflTawejs.
Tne Sultan has been so generous to my countrymen—in
some instances on my own request—thai I feel this is an oc-
c&tion when my own Government might evince its appre-
ciation ot his conduct by extending its hospitality to the
Srat agent he has been pleased to send to the United States.
This would be in accordancc with a common oriental cus-
tom. The recent noble and magnanimous conduct of the
young Sultan towards the brave hut unfortunate Hungarians,
has, i have the impression, elevated him in the estimation
of most Americans; and I believethey will be well deposed
to be civil and hospitable towards his representative. 1 have
conceived  o high an estimation of the young Sultan's con-
duct oil these occasions, and of his usual generosity, that he
will hereafter, at all times, possess my good word, however
humble it may be.
I have written from this city to the honorable Secretary
ef State in behalf ot my companion. Mr. Marsh has also
recommended that lie should be attended by an intelligent
officer of the navy during his visits to our different public
esiabhr-hm-ents. My long voyage has nearly consumed the
whole of my abort leave ol absence, and, without the Pres-
ident will be pleased to prolong it a month or two, I must
feuou re,turn to my post. Amin Bey's vis h is limited to my
own, and his stay will not, consequently, be longer than two
or three months-
I lee! that an apology, much honored sir, is needed for the
unintentional iengih of this lettei, which, I fear, tnay occupy
more of your time than iu> subject calls lor. May 1 take the
liberty of recommending Mr. Amin Bey to your friendly pro-
* tection,and begthat, in case it meets with yourapptobation,
you will kindly add your own influence to procure for him
the hospitality ol the Government?
Hoping soi n to have ttie honor of offering my respects in
person, 1 remain, honored sir, most riHpectfullv, vour obe-
' Aieut servant, JOHN P. BROWN.
fioa. Lewis Cass, Washington D. C.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, that letter was ad-
dressed to,me by Mr. Brown, as 1 happen to have
knpwn him. When 1 received it, I went up to the
Department of State and said to Mr. Webster that
the appropriation should be made. He concurred
in my suggestion, and wrote a note which is in
possession of the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, [Mr Foote ]
This is agreeably to the rites of Oriental hospi-
tality. The agent who is now here i§ the first we
have ever received from the-Subi me Porte. It is
not to be presumed that such a practice will con-
tinue. If a regular ambassador or minister should
come here, it would not be necessary. But a po-
litical agent has bfeen sent here to collect informa-
tion; and there is not a nation in Europe that has
not repeatedly extended the rites of hospitality to
Mussulman agents. It is according to Eastern
usage. The dollars you give will be repaid by
thousands. It will have a favorable impression
on the Sultan. This is the the first agent that he
has ever sent across the Atlantic. It is not the
amount of money; that would not weigh with the
Turkish Government a moment. But it is the re-
spect paid to the Sublime Porte by the great Amer-
ican nation.
Mr. TURNEY. Mr. President, a few moments
ago we were told by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance that all abuses were continued—that
none were reformed; and that they were daily in-
creasing. I think that is the case. No abuse is
reformed, but the abuses are daily increasing. 1
think the present proposition is one of thatdescrip-
tion. We have before us a proposition to create
this mission, at an expense of #10.000 a year, bot-
tomed upon a private letter, addressed to a Senator,
to be sure, but marked " private." As the Sena-
tor from Michigan informs us, he took that letter
and went to the Secretary of State and suggested
to him the propriety of this appropriation 
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator bear
with me a moment?
Mr. TURNEY. Certainly.
Mr. FOOTE. This appropriation is not based
on that letter, but based on a letter of the Secretary
of State. I would inform t'h.e gentleman that the
letter to which he refers was only read for inform-
ation. He is entirely mistaken, also, in regard to
the object of this provision. It is not to appro-
- priate $10,000 a year for the purpose of sustaining
amission from Turkey; but it is to appropriate
$10,000, or as much of it as may be necessary, to
cover the expenses of the ajent who is here. It
may be that not more than $2,000 or $3,000 may be
necessary. I have some additional letters in my pos-
session. Here is a letter of the Secretary of State.
Mr. TURNEY. Before the Senator from Mis-
sissippi proceeds further with his speech, I wish
to finish what 1 have to say.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ten-
nessee is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TURNEY. I remarked before, that this
appropriation is bottomed upon a private letter. I
reiterate the assertion. The Senator from Michi-
gan informs us that with this letter he went to the
Department of State and urged the necessity of an
appropriation. The Secretary of State, upon read-
ing the letter, concurred with him in opinion; and
wrote a letter, upon which the Senator from Mis-
sissippi informs us this appropriation is bottomed.
If you take away this private communication
nothing will be left upon which this appropriation
can stand. The idea originated in this private letter.
Sir, Senators may tell us that this is not to be
continued. I think, with the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, that abuses are not cor-
rected; that none are reformed; but that they are
daily increasing. If you make this appropriation
at the present time, at the next session you will be
called upon to make a similar one.
Mr. EWINGr. Mr. Piesident, I have an im-
pression that a similar appropriation was made in
the time of Mr. Jefferson, or Mr. Madison, for the
benefit of an agent in one of the Barbary States.
I may not be correct in this, but I think I am. 1
would inquire of some gentleman, whose memory
extends a little further back than mine, if this is
not the case.
Mr. CASS. It was done in Mr. Jefferson's
time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I have been
noticing the appropriation bills for the last fifteen
years, and this amendment is the first thing of the
kind i have witnessed. If we are to adopt it, it
seems to me that we ought to have a precedent.
The Senator from Ohio should find that there ia
some such precedent as that to which he refers.
I do not object to this appropriation because it is
based upon a private communication so much as to
the principle of it. I object to it upon the ground .
that it involves a principle upon which the foreign
intercourse of this country ought not to be carried
on. We have adopted a consiitutional provision,
prohibiting any of our diplomatic servants from
receiving presents from foreign nations. I look
upon this as a violation of the spirit of that very
constitutional provision. Your diplomatic agents
are not allowed to receive presents from foreign
nations, but you give presents to the diplomatic
agents of other Governments. You are not will-
ing to sell yourselves, but you are willing to buy -
others, I suppose. 1 admit there is some distinc-
tion in that respect. But I put it to the Senate
and the country whether it is proper for us, irv-any
shape, to tolerate, by a precedent of this sort, the
paying the expenses of agents of foreign nations
who may be sent here. This will be but the en-
tering wedge to pay their expenses. You must
extend it to their salaries.
Unless I can see some precedent, some practice,
in the history of our Government which justifies
this expenditure, I shall vote against it. i should
like to see how many of us are in favor of setting
a precedent of this sort. I therefore ask the yea3
and nays on the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am glad the
yeas and nays have been called. I am quite will-
ing to record my vote in favor of the proposed
amendment. Gentlemen say that they are acting
without information. I take, it they have seen the
agent from the'Sultan of Turkey sitting in his room
this very morning.. They know that he is here,
and they know that he is the accredited agent to
this Government from the Sultan of Turkey.
Gentlemen say they need precedents for a measure
of this kind. Why, this is founded on a usage
which exists in the East. The first token of sal-
utation and friendship there ordinarily is some
act of hospitality, and if you intend to cultivate
friendship and good feeling, and an mtercouse
which shall be advantageous to us, you must pay-
some respect to that sentiment and principle which
prevails there. It is only a few years since we re-
ceived a present from the Imaum of Muscat. Some
four horses, I believe, were sent to Lhis Gevern-
ment as a present, and as they were sent as tokens
of friendship, the Government did not see fit to
reject them. They were a present which had no
usefulness to the Government, but the present was
accepted in a respectful manner, and the vessel
which brought them to our shores having suffered
serious damage from distress by weather, this
Government repaired it at its own expense, and,
in addition, suitable and proper presents were re-
turned in her, at her departure. Heie, then, we
have an agent sent to us by the Sultan for the first
tune. It is the first movement on the part of the
Government of Turkey to establish an intercourse
with us. We have had a good deal of intercourse
with them. We have had a minister there for
some time, and we have considerable commerce
with the various ports of Turkey. It is therefore
of some importance to receive this agent in a man-
ner that will establish fiiendly relations between
the countries, and this perhaps is the mode of all
others by which to accomplish that object. It is
agreeably to the usages which exist in the country
from which he comes, and while I am not authori-
zed to say that it is expected of us, yet I can very
confidently say that it will be agreeeble to them,
and this sum of money would probably be as profi*
tably laid out in tins way as it would be m any
other mode in which you could dispose of it. It
seems to me that both duty and policy concur in
recommending this amendment.
118
