SSSRBSS
1874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 19,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says that this is in conformity with the
usages of the East. Be it so; but I do not feel
willing, for one, to begin at this period of our his-
tory to-imitate the usages of Eastern countries of
the Old World. Tim Senator has referred to the
presents sent by the Imaum of Muscat as a prece-
dent to guide us. Sir, I was here at the time, and
I recollect well that there were some presents re-
ceived from that dignitary. But how should you
show a corresponding respect? Why, sir, if you
wish to do it, send a keepsake back in return;
send some present back as a mark of friendship
towards the Government whose agent has visited
us. But, instead of doing that, gentlemen propose
to show their friendship and gratitude by paying
the expenses, the personal expenses of an agent!
If you want to reciprocate these Eastern customs,
is that the way to do it ? Gentlemen say we ought
to pay the expenses of this agent because it is an
Eastern custom. 1 was not aware of the exist-
ence of such a custom. We have had a dragoman
at Constantinople for several years, and, as a mem-
ber of Congress, I never heard that his expenses
were paid there bv the Government to which he
was accredited. They never have had an agent
here, but we have had an agent there, and no such
example has been set to us. We have paid the
expenses of our own diplomatic agent at Constan-
tinople, and yei we are now asked to pay the ex-
penses of their agent here. If we commence such
a practice, where is it to end ? It is said that this
is the" first agent that we have received. Well, if
we pay his expenses for the purpose of cultivating
good feeling, will it not be an insult when we
cease to pay them ? Will you not have to account
for your change of conduct, and say to them,
"your agents sent heretofore feasted at our ex-
pense, and we have paid all their bills; we have
sustained them on principles of hospitality, but
now we see fit to cut off that hospitable mainte-
nance of your diplomatic agents sent to this coun-
try?" Will not that bean insult? It seems to
me that if courtesy and good feeling require that
we shall commence without a precedent, (for I
have called for a precedent and none has been fur-
nished,) we shall have to keep it up, and there
w ll be no period when it wilt cease. I am against
commencing it now. We have had a commercial
agent at Constantinople for many years, who never
has been so treated, and I do not wish to step in
advance of that Eastern custom, and make a de-
parture from that Eastern example which has been
set us for so many years. I do not, however,
wish to consume the time of the Senate in arguing
a case of this sort, and I will therefore take my
seat.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I recollect an
anecdote which I derived from the late Captain
Gordon, of the United States navy, which shows
the way in which you can excite high and honor-
able sentiments amongst these people. He said
that he was the commander of the first ship that
the United Slates ever sent to the port of Smyrna,
and that when he arrived and cast anchor in that
port, he found a usage existing that every foreign
vessel arriving there must be put under the care
or supervision of some public officer or agent.
This was a vesssel of war, and the United States
had no public agent there. He meditated in the
first instance on placing the vessel under the care
of the English consul, but he thought that there
was a manifest impropriety in that, inasmuch as
it was an armed vessel of \ -ir. He then came to
the conclusion that he would put her under the care
of the Pasha, and he accordingly addressed a note
to the Paslia signifying h's desire to place this
United States vessel under his care and protection.
The Pasha sent for him and asked him if he could
be serious in such a wish. He replied, and stated
the difficulties which existed. The Pasha then
told him, "one of the great objects of placing your
vessel under the care and protection of the agent of
your own or some foreign Government is, that
she may be safe whilst lying in our port from
any harm she might come to from us." The cap-
tain said, "nevertheless I prefer that she should
be under your protection." "Then," said the
Pasha, "if you are serious, and if you place that
confidence in me, not a bird shall fly over your
V6SS61.''
Mr. SEWARD. I thank the honorable Sena-
tor who has recalled the incident of the visit of
the ambasssador who came with a present from
the Imaum Of Muscat. If I remember well, the
ambassador was not in the roll of common men.
He was a minister at home—a Secretary of State.
I passed through the navy yard, at Brooklyn,
with him. Among the objects of curiosity and in-
terest there, I pointed his notice to an exquisite
bust of Washington. He looked upon it thought-
fully, and inquired "who was Washington?" I
think that the quality of hospitality, like the
"quality of mercy,"
« is twice blessed:
li blespeth him that gives, and him that takesj
Tis mightiest in the mightiest."
If we were seeking how such a nation as this
might employ the small sum indicated in the most
beneficial manner, ! think we should find it in dis-
seminating among the 'nations and the people of
the East knowledge of the institutions, the artsand
the history of the West—knowledge of the pro-
gress of human society. The Turk is a willing
learner. Let U3 receive him with the rites of his
own native hospitality.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. One word more, sir.
The argument of the Senator from New York is
an invitation to all the nations of the earth to come
here to go to school, [laughter}—to acquire a
knowledge of our institutions and of the men who
have dignified ournation. The gentleman's argu-
ment, if it means anything; means that we are, un-
der the guise of hospitality, to invite the nations of
the world to send commercial agents here, with a
view of disseminating information amongst them.
Sir, if that is the career we are to enter upon, we
shall want money enough to appropriate to the re-
ception hospitably of the agents from all the na-
tions of the East who may choose Jo send their
public men here to be better instructed concerning
our institutions. As to the anecdote of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] it is cer-
tainly very commendable to the heart and feelings
of the Pasha, who would take such care of the
ship as not to allow a bird to Sy over it; but how
it bears upon this question, I have not discernment
enough to perceive.
Mr. FOOTE. I desired very much to have
been heard upon this subject somewhat at length,
but I think that it has been already amply dis-
cussed, and the proposition before us vindicated
by others most successfully. I have heard nothing
that calls the propriety of the appropriation pro-
posed into serious question, either from the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] or from
the other gentlemen who haye opposed it. To be
sure, it is supposed to be quite a popular thing
now-a days, and not a little calculated to concili-
ate in certain quarters, to be recognized as one who
is anxious beyond ordinary men to save the pub-
lic money, and to retrench the expenses of Gov-
ernment. But, sir, after all that can be said in
opposition togovernmentalexpenditures„it must be
acknowledged that some necessary expenses must
from time to time be incurred, and perhaps the ex-
penses of Government must, in this country, be
expected to increase, whilst the country itself is
advancing, and its resources are in a course of
rapid and continuous development.
Now, what is the proposition before us? It
seems that an accomplished official agent has been
sent here from Turkey for the purpose of exam-
ining our country and its institutions, and reporting
thereon, with a view to establishing hereafter more
intimate social relations between the Sublime Porte
and the United States, and to open a free and un-
restricted commerce hereafter, which cannot be
otherwise than highly advantageous to both parties.
No one has yet denied the probability of our
profiting greatly hereafter, both pecuniarily and
otherwise, by such commercial intercourse; nor
has the constitutional power of Congress to make
such an appropriation as is now asked been denied
by any one. The people of Turkey differ from
us materially in language, manners, social institu-
tions, and in religion; and the question with us
now simply is, whether we shall use those concili-
atoiy means which are within our reach for the
purpose of extinguishing that prejudice which has
naturally sprung up between two races so dis-
similar, when by so doing we shall remove all ex-
isting obstacles to that advantageous commercial
intercourse which is on various accounts so de-
sirable ? The Department of State has supposed
that it might be expedient at the present time to
treat this gentleman civilly, kindly, and liberally,
to facilitate his researches, and to enable bim
advantageously to scrutinize our institutions and
people, so that he may go home to the people
whom he. represents and report concerning us
justly and truthfully, and in such manner as to
obliterate prejudice and establish amity and friend-
ly correspondence. The question before^as is, ij>
fact, a question of hospitality, coupled with those
considerations of policy already stated.
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
says we had better send " a keepsake " to the
Sultan. What sort of keepsake, pray, does he
wish sent? I was really quite surprised to hear
such language from the Senator from Kentucky,
and can hardly understand its application to the
proposition under consideration.
But it is said the amendment before  s is based
upon a private letter. It is true that attention was
first called to this subject by a private letter from
a gentleman well and favorably known, a gentle-
man who has lately acted not only as our dragoman
at Constantinople, but also as charge, and in both
capacities has acquired much standing. Upon the
reception of that very interesting letter, the Sena-
tor from Michigan, as he has informed us, thought
proper to have recourse to the Secretary of State,
and the latter gentleman, upon considering the
matter, did not hesitate to recommend the appro-
priation now asked for. it is the letter of that
functionary upon which the action now proposed
is in fact chictly based. I hold in my hand the
letter from Mr. Markoe, a gentleman connected
with the Department of State, to the Senator from
Michigan, in which Mr. Webster's views upon
the subject are conveyed. He says:
" My Dear Sfr: I have read to Mr. Webster your note
to me, and Mr. Brown's letter to- yon. Mr. Webster thinks
it would be exceedingly well toexteod that hospitality whieii
you suggest to Amin Bey, the informal arjent of the Turkish
Government. But to do this there must be an appropriation
made in some of the appropriation bills, tlie department hav-
ing no funds. If now that the civil and diplomatic biH i 
before !be Senate, a suitable appropriation could beinserfd
in that bill, Mr. Webster would quite concur m its propriety,
and extend the courtesy of the Government to Amin Bey.
Mr. Brown has not written to the Department of State on
the subject."
Mr. Webster's note is short. He says:
« I think Mr. Brown's estimate for the entertainment of
the Turkish minister is too small. It would be better to put
it a>t $10,000."
So we have a deliberate recommendation from
the Secretary of State upon the subject, and yet
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Un-
derwood,] under the circumstances, opposes the
appropriation, on the ground that there is no pre-
cedent for it. Sir, there are no precedents for a
great many good things which 1 hope to see ac-
complished hereafter; but I think if we hacf time
to look through two or three volumes to which we
all have access, there would be found at least one
precedent—that alluded to by the Senator from
Ohio. I have a vague recollection that a similar
appropriation was made in the time of Mr. Jeffer-
son for a similar purpose,and the Senator from
Michigan is under the same impression; but it is
really not worth while to discuss the subject fur-
ther. It is a very small matter to have produced
so much controvery.
Mr. PEARCE. The case in Mr. Jefferson's
time which has been referred to, t suppose to be
that of Hamet Caramali. if so, it is not a case in
point. Hamet was never in the United States.
He was the son of the Bashaw of Tripoli. His
father was deposed and murdered, as well as his
elder brother, by Yussuff, who was the reigning
Bashaw during our war with that Power. It was
Hamet who made the alliance with Gen. Eaton,,
and shared in the celebrated expedition which
penetrated that country for several hundred miles,
and was only arrested while in full and successful
career by the peace with Tripoli. In the stipula-
tions of the treaty of peace no provision was made
for Hamet, nor was any arrangement made for
the redemption-of his family, who were held in
captivity by the usurper. He retired to Smyrna,
and from that place applied to the Government of
the United States for some relief, which was
granted.
There was, in Mr. Jefferson's time, I think, an
envoy from the Emperor of Morocco, but 1 do
not know that he was considered as the guest of
the nation. I rather think not. I have not been
able to find any other case.
The Government of Turkey does not defray the
expenses of the European ministers accredited to
them. They do constantly defray the expenses
