1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
781
Mr. HALE. My motion was unfinished busi- i
ness when the Senate adjourned. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was, perhaps, j
substantially the same motion, though not the I
same in terms. j
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, precisely the same, for '
I submitted it in wrmng. \
The VICE PRESIDENT. The distinction the i
Senator will notice is this: The Senator in his mo- |
tion yesterday assumes that the subject was under :
consideration, and proposed to refer it; and now ;
he proposes to proceed to the consideration of the ;
preliminary question—a proper question undoubt- \
edly. ;
Mr. HALE. 1 ask that the motion may be lead. ;
The Secretary read it, as follows: ,
<c That all petitions and rrmon&traneps rf ceivpd thi^ ses- 1
Rion on the subjects mentioned in the resolution-, of the
Senator from Ktntueky [vir. Clay] and the Senator from .
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] refV-rrt-d to a fceiect committee ot
thirteen, he taken from the table and refei red to the same
committee." ;
Mr. HALE. That is the motion I made yes- i
terday, sir. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The effect of that ,
motion is to proceed preliminarily to the consider- j
ation of what it is proposed to refer. j
Mr. BADGER. I desire to call attention to the ■
real position of affairs. On the motion of the Sen- ]
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] who has charge !
of the California bill, the Senate this morning ,
passed a vote directing the taking up of the Cali-
fornia bill. The Senate then by a vote ordered the
further consideration of the bill to be postponed [j
until after the Senate had appointed the committee j!
under the resolution adopted yesterday, and to be \\
immediately thereafter the special orcfer. !
Mr. WALKER. That makes it a special or-
der, it is tiue, hut your rules declare tha't unfin- 1
ished business shall take precedence of all special !
orders.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Assuming the mo- |
tion to be what the Senator declares it to be, it was '
moved yesterday and remained undisposed of at ,
the adjournment. Then, when the special orders j
were moved, it would naturally have had priority,
but for some reason the Senate, by an express vote, 1
gave priority to another subject. This motion the
Chair thinks thereby lost its priority.
Mr. WALKER. Why was this motion pest- ,
poned ? It was on its being objected that it could !
not be put until the committee was raised. Now it |
is objected that it is not in order because the com- ,
mittee is raised. Is that the way motions are to j
be treated by the Senate ? !
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chaii- decided !
this motion to have priority when the special or- j
ders were moved, but the Senate, from some cause, .
took up another subject instead of this, and it j
thereby lost its priori y. The Chair had decided >
its priority before the Senator withdrew it. j
Mr. HALE. It was withdrawn at the sugges- 1
tion of the Senator from Alabama, that it would ,
be more opportunely -considered after the commit- • ,
tee had been raised. It was to restore it after the j
committee was appointed that I withdiew it. !
Mr. WALKER. That was the understanding, |
sir. ^ i
Mr. BADGER. Here is what the Senator over i
the way [Mr. Wai.kkr] has not taken notice of— j.
the intervening act of the Senate wlurh lost to the j|
motion its priority. At the suggestion of the Sen- jj
ator from Alabama, it was withdrawn until the jj
committee should be appointed, but before the ji
committee was appointed a Senator moved that the >1
California bill be taken up. The Senate accord- ;
ingly did take up the California bill, and thus gave ;
it piiority over all the other ordcis of the day.
Having done that, its further consideration by a !j
vote of the Senate was postponed—until when r
Until the committee was elected, when it was de-
clared that it should be immediately made the i
special order. That is the way in which the mo- i
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire lost its ||
priority.1* ,!
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first business ||
in order is the bill for the admission of California, .j
The bill will be read. t!
Mr. HALE. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair as to the question of order. .j
Several Senators. Oh no: the Chair is right. ,,
Mr. HALE. At the suggestion of friends, to
whose advice I yield, I withdraw the appeal for jt
the present. I!
i Mr. CLAY. I wish some understanding,on the
I subject of taking up this California bill, with the
, Senator from Illinois and the Senate. I had a
| couvcrsation with the Senator from Illinois, in
| which I stated that I had heard that of the six
! committee-men appointed on the late mournful oc-
| casion, perhaps two of them only might leave
[ Washington, and that in that event the absence of
I those two might not form any consideration for m-
! terrupting the progress of this bill if we were upon
; it. Rut I understand this morning that there is
nothing absolutely definitely settled upon m regard
I to the matter, and of course it may nappen that
i the whole six will be absent. Now, the point
' upon which I wish to have this understanding be-
j tween the Senate and the member charged with
this bill is, that, in the e\ent of the number of six
I going with the remains of our lamented colleague,
' in their absence tins business shall not be urged to
, a vote, it is highly improper, it seems to me,
1 that it should be taken up during their absence,
j Mr. DOUGLAS. Upon that point i am con-
, strained to say, for myself, that 1 should not feel
i authorized to ask the Senate to take a vote on any
; test question during the absence of six members
1 of this body on a duty like that. I should not
! feel it right to press it. My only object was to
take up the bill and to go on and consider it so
lorg as this objection did not exist; and when we
arrived at a point where we weie likely to have a
vote taken that might be deemed a test vote, I
should feel constrained to say, for one, that there
was an undoubted propnety in deferring it until
the committee should return.
Mr. CLAY. That is exactly in conformity
with the liberal, manly comee of the Senator; and,
with that understanding, I hope the bill will be
taken up.
THE ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
The bill for the admission of California was
then taken up and read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is now
under consideration as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. MASON. When the absence of the com-
mittee alluded to by the Senator from Kentucky
was first mentioned, I slated that the committee
1 would leave this city on Monday next, and would
I probably be absent ten or twelve days; and I ex-
' pressed the hope that during their absence the
. subjects now before the Senate, which are of so
! much importance and interest to the country,
! would not be acted upon; and I understood that
; expression to meet the approval of gentlemen on
! both sides of the Chamber. I did not mean that
no test vote should be taken, but that there should
be no action upon either the California bill or the
territorial bill; being those subjects in which are
really involved the questions which should be
delayed until the return of the committee. I meant
that there should be no consideration of these sub-
jects; because 1 confess, as one of that committee—
and I presume it will be equally so with the rest—
I could not consider myself pioperly discharging
my duty to my constituents if I-were not present
upon all occasions whenever these subjects are
considered.
Now, 1 would respectfully say to the Senate
that there is a mass of business which remains to
be acted upon; some of great importance, and more
of general inteicst to the country, and other busi-
ness of a more private character, which might well
occupy the Senate duung the absence of the com-
mittee. And I submit that it should be under-
stood by trie Senate that while the committee will
be absent, these subjects, which aie now in con-
templation, should not be brought up before the
Senate. The melancholy duty on which the com-
mittee are to be absent is an important one; H was
imposed upon them by the Senate, and it must be
discharged with great solemnity. But I presume
the committee will be back m ten days, possibly
m less time; and I submit that those subjects to
which Senators have alluded should not be acted
upon in the mean time.
Mr. WEBSTER, (m his seat.) Name a day.
Mr. MASON. It is impossible for me to name
a day, because, although the place of interment
has been suggested, and probably designated, by
the authorities of South Carolina, with the con-
currence of the family of the deceased, it may be
that we shall be enabled to return without going
any further than Charleston, or it may be that we j
shall have to go to Columbia. If we go no fur*
ther than Charleston, we may be back in eight
days; but if we go to Columbia, we may not be
back for twelve days from Monday next. I think
that this subject ought to be postponed until next
Monday two weeks; though the committee may
possibly be back sooner.
A gentleman near me has made the suggestion,
in which 1 most heartily concur, that during that
time the subjects embraced in the resolutions re-
ferred to the committee of thirteen be not acted
upon.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I will not
place any wish of my own in opposition to the
wish of the Senate. If it be the wish of a ma-
jority of the Senate that the subject should be
postponed for the time indicated, I shall interpose
no objection, for the reason that, if we cannot
take a test vote, 1 do riot see the use of occupying
the ume of the Senate with the subject, especially
as there is important business of a local character
on hand. 1 shall, therefore, under the circum-
stances, interpose no objection to the postpone-
ment until Monday two weeks, if it is to be then
made the special order.
Mr WEBSTER. Nothing is more proper
than that this important measure should not be
proceeded with to any considerable extent, or
with regard to important particulars, in the ab-
sence of so large a number of the Senate, on the
service of the Senate, as this committee now con-
sists of. I do not know that any discussion
ought to begone into; because it is difficult to see
what the test vote may be. The vote to postpone
from day to day, may, under some circumstances 
be a test vote. I wish, however, that the earliest
day may be agreed upon that would answer the
purpose of the honorable member from Virginia,
and the gentlemen who are to proceed with him;
because, if circumstances of any kind should de-
lay their return, it would, of course, always be in
the discretion of the Senate to postpone the sub-
ject further, until the committee return. The
great object, I think, is not so much to fix a par-
ticular d<*y, though it is highly important to have
an early day fixed, as it is to come to a resolution;
I do not mean a formal resolution, but to come to
a decision that, when the time comes to take up
this impoitant measure, we will proceed with it,
and decide it. If the honorable member thinks a
week from Monday next will answer the pur-
pose, subject to a postponement m case the com-
mittee should not return, i should prefer that
course to be pursued.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would suggest that it be
postponed till Monday week, with the understand-
ing, that if the committee shall not then have re-
turned, the subject shall not be taken up till they
do return.
Mr. WEBSTER. That is just what I sug-
gested; though I suppose the consideration or fur-
ther postponement of the subject will be in the
discretion of the Senate when the time comes. I
make the motion that it be postponed till Monday
week.
Mr. KING. I would suggest to my friend
that it is obvious it will be better, and render this
thing less doubtful, if we postpone to the longest
day mentioned, or any distant day certain, with
the understanding that as soon as the committee
return, the Senate can act upon it and take it up;
whereas if we postpone to a shorter (lay, it will
require express action of the Senate m oidei to
postpone it still further. In the one case, if the
committee return, there can be no objection to
taking it up; in the other, if they do not leturn,
it will require action upon it to postpone it still
further. It will be better that it be postponed two
weeks, with the understanding that if the commit-
tee return sooner it can be taken up.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to make a single sugges-
tion in reference to this matter. I hope the Sen-
ate will take the day indicated by the Senator from
Virginia, for this reason: There may be other
Senators who are desirous of availing themselves
of the opportunity afforded by the absence of this
committee, knowing that important business is
not to be transacted in their absence, to absent
themselves for a short time. Such an arrange-
ment would be convenient to all fhe Senators. I
know that some Senators are anxious to leave the
city for a few days, and have been deterred, from
a wish to be here to record their votes. I hope,
with this view, it will be postponed two weeks.
