THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 22,
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I tl# not rise
to discuss this sirbject, but I do rise to express my
surprise that the California bill is to be taken up
and discussed in this Senate, whilst all other mat-
ters in relanon to slavery, and the admission of
California herself, have been referred to a commit-
tee of thirteen t The great end of that committee
m\\ be defeated if this course 6f proceeding shall
be taken. I acqaiesced in the raising of that com-
mittee, and would carry out every pledge which
was imp^ed m my support of it. But 1 under-
take to say, that if this course of proceeding be
taken, those who are running the race for Cahfor-
iria will find themselves mistaken, and 1 say to
California sat citq $£ s/tf tuto.
Mi*. CLAY. Mr. President', the Senator from
Illinois has moved to take up the California bill;
but my friend from S^uth Carolina is mistaken if
he supposes that thot bill, standing by itself and
alone, is to pass this Senate without a struggle,
and, I trust, a successful one. i have got amend-
ments now tn my hand, attaching to it the territo-
rial "bills, whenever the proper time may arise t«
• present them. I have also prepared amendments
providing; for thesettlementof the Texas boundary
question, which I may, or may not, think proper
to offer But, beyond all doubt, I shall move to
amend the bill by adding to it the territorial bills.
And 1 hope, from all the demonstrations that have
been made, that there can be but little doubt that
the majority of the Senate favor such a propo-
sition.
Mr. BENTON". The Senator from Kentucky
has amendments m his hand to offer to the bill,
and 1 have got the parliamentary law m my hands
to show that he will undertake to do a thing which
is flagrantly illegal, and violative of parliamentary
law.
Mr. CLA.Y. One word, air. 1 know the char-
acter and eminence of the Senator from Missouri
for dwelling on parliamentary law; but I will take
issue with him on his parliamentary law, and 1
will show that no such parliamentary law exists
in any parliament on earth.
Mr. BENTON. I will meet the Senator on
that point, then. Arid if I can show him four
good lar^e volumes, I will show him that there is
such a law, and I will make it a case of prcrfert in
open court. Be is to go out denying the laws
when four quarto volumes which contain it are
produced and read. We will see about it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask the attention of
the Senate to this point. Let the motion to post-
pone be withdrawn, and the amendments be sub-
mitted simply that ihey be printed. 1 do not make
that motion, but simply make the suggestion.
Several Senators. No, no.
Mr. CLAlt .< I trust the Senator will agree with
me that it is unnecessary to print them. The
amendments which I shall move, are, in fact, the
bills reported by the Senator from Illinois, and
which have already been printed. Out he has it
in contemplation to offer an amendment which is
yet in manuscript, and which ought to be printed.
There ought also to he printed the ordinance of
the Convention of California, which I think has
not yet been printed. It is unnecessary to print
the bills which I shall offer as amendments, be-
cause they have already been printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I concur with the Senator
from Kentucky that it is unnecessary to print the
amendments, as it seems they have already been
printed. After the question on the motion to post-
pone shall be taken, I shall move to print the ordi-
nance alluded to by the Senator from Kentucky,
together with my own amendment to the bill. •
i'he qufsrion beiii# taken on the motion to post-
pone to Monday fortnight, it was adopted.
The motion to print was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. HALE. 1 now move the resolution which
I oiFered yesterday, and which, I give notice, I
will not withdraw for anything.
The resolution was read, as follows:
That all petitions and remonstrances received by the
Senate tins scsm'hi oh the subjects embraced in the reso-
lution of the Ser.nuir troin Kentucky [Mr. Clay] and the
ttemtor frnm Tenn^ee, [Me. Bcli,,] winch resolutions
Were referred to a select committee ot thirteen, be taken
irom the table and referred to the same committee."
On this motion the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BADGER. I rise to have the judgment of
the Chair upon this subject. There is a great
namber of papers, petitions, and remonstrances on I
1 accept that and withdraw
the matters proposed to be referred by that mo-
tion. 1 do not see how the Senate can take up the
whole of this class of petitions at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection is made
to their bewig taken together, they can undoubt-
edly be taken separately.
Mr. BADGERS Then I raise the objection.
Mr. HALE. I will then ask of my honorable
friend w+io, in that case, will it be that consumes
the time of the Senate ? I am willing to take the
question on the whote of these petitions in a lump.
But if the honorable Senator insists on a division,
and having the yeas and nays called on each peti-
tion, upon his head, and not on mine, rests the
responsibility.
Mr. FOOTE. I will move an amendment, in
the spirit of compromise, which I thmk will ob-
viate the objection of my friend from North Caro-
lina. k is this:
" So far as the objects stated in the same are not repug-
nant to the Consti utiun of the United States, not violative
ot (he piitictp.es of good faitli, and not incompatible wnh
the peace and happiness ot the Republic."
Mr. BADQEfl
my objection.
Lvlr. ATCHISON moved to lay the motion of
the Senator from New Hampshire upon the table.
On motion of Mr. HALE the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The question being taken, it resulted as follows:
YEAS—■Mtssrs. Atchi&on, Badger, Bell, Borland. Butler,
Clay, Davis of Mi-^i-sippi, Dickinson, Dodi'e of Iowa
Downs, Foote, Hunter, Jone*, Km«r, Maiigum, Mason, Mor-
ton, 1'ieree, Rti-k, Sebastian, Sou!£ Sturgeon. Tumev,
and Yulee—34.
N VYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Chase,
Clatke, Cor win, Davis of hu-etts, D.uton, Dmlge ol
Wi-conbin, Douglas Greene, Hale, H.imhn, Miller, Norris,
Phelps, Sewai , Shields Smith, Spruance, Unuerwood,
Walker, and Whilcumb—>3.
So the motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
And then, ori motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April *2*2, 1850.
Mr. Speaker COBB culled the House to order
at twelve o'clock.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER assigned the floor (from among
many competitors) to
Mr. 130 ifD, who said that his object in rising
was to move that Senate hill, Wo. 57, (the title
whereof was not slated,) Lie made the special
order for a certain day, and to enable him to make
"that motion, he moved that the rules of the House
be suspended.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair would state in
reply to the gentleman trom Kentucky,[Mr. Boyd,]
that no motion 10 suspend tne rules could be
entertained at this time, because there was already
a motion pending to suspend the iules, and until
that should have been disposed of, no other motion
of tne same kind would be in order.
Mr.OENl'RY. Will the Chair be kind enough
to state what the pending motion is?
X^he SPEAKER. It is a motion whieh was
made by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Conger,] to suspend the rules for the purpose of en-
abling him to offer a resolution. The resolution
was read for information, and will now be read i
again. It will be remembered by the House, that i
the motion was made two weeks ago, on the last I
day when motions of this character could be re- j
ceived, and that pending the motion the House
adjourned. That motion 13 the first business 111 ;
Older to-day, being the first day since the resolu- '<
tion was offered when mouons to suspend the
rules could be received. !
RATES OF POSTAGE, &C. '
The resolution was then read, as follows: !
Rewired, Timt tlie Committee on tile Po t Office ami Po.-t :
KOaJs bu, and tliey lien by inc. uiatiucttjd to report to tills
Iiou-e, with as little iklay piaetn-aele, a bill to abolish the
iranking privilege, and lor the leduclion ol p^Ma-'.1 to the
tiintonn late, when prepaid, 01 Hvo cents on letterVwelsh-
lllg 110 mole than one half ounce each, and live cents wlien 1!
liot prepaid; also prnvidlii" that all neiv.paners within the 1
county 01 their publication, or the distance ot thirty miles of I
the .-aaie, may be received through the mails, by aetu ,1 sub- i
tenters, iree ol po tnge. ' 'i
The resolution having been read  >
Mr. BRO WN, of Indiana, moved that it be laid I
upon the table. ij
Ihe SPEAKER. The resolution has not vet '!
been received. A motion, therefore, to lay it upon |
the table cannot be entertained. If the resolution I
should be received, a motion to lay it on the table
will be in order.
The question was stated to be on the motion
that the rules of the House be suspended for the
purpose of enabling the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Conger] to introduce the resolution as in-
serted above.
Mr. CONGER said that, as he desired to obtain
an expression of the opinion of the House on this
resolution, he would ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The reading of the resolution was called for,
and it was again read.
Mr. FOWLER said he understood that a motion
had been made to lay the resolution on the table,
and that that was the question now before the
House.
The SPEAKER explained that the motion to
lay on the table was not in order, because the
resolution had not been received.
The question, " Shall the rules of the House be
suspended ?" was then taken.
Mr. HALLOWAY, who was not in his seat
when his name was called, being, he said, unwell,
asked the unanimous consent of the House to
record his vote in the affirmative.
Objection was made.
The result of the vote was then announced—
yeas 92, nays 74, as follows:
^YEAS—.Messrs. Alexander, Alien, Andrews, Ashnmin,
Baker, Bennett, fimghain, Bi-sf-.ll, Bokee. Booth Brings,
Brook*, Burrow*, Chester Butler, Thomas B. iiutlei, Joseph
Cable, C.ilvni, Campbell, < aruer, Casey, Clark, Cl« vdand,
Williamson R. W\ Cobb, Cole, Conner, Cor win, Crowell,
Deberrv, Dimimck, Dixon, Dner, Durkee, Fitch, F.mier,
Gerry, Giddtng*, Gould, Harlan, Thomas L.H triis,H>bard,
Henry, Hod^lrfhd, Howe, Kerr, Dtniel P. Kmc, George G.
King, Jame> G King. J >h  A. King, Pre<ton King, Lfcffi-r,
Leviti, Littb field. Job Mann, Maiteson,McLanahan, Robert
M. MeLane, Meachum, Miller, Moore, NeNon, Ne>, Olds,
Otw, Pea-lee, Peck, Puce<n\, Pitman, Putnam, Rtjnolds,
Richardson, Rockwell, Root, Ro*e, Rnrmey, Sacked, Saw-
telle, Silvester, Spauldiny, Sprague, Stanly, Stets-on, Strong,
Taylor, Janice Thompson, Thuruian, Tuck, Van Dvke,
Vinton, Wentworth, White, Wildriek, Wilson, and Win-
throp—92.
NAYS— Me«srf, Albertson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Bocock,
Bowdon, Bowhn, Boyd, Breek, William J. Browu, Buit,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Chandler, Clingman, Conrad, Disney,
Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Btfniundson, Ewmg, Frather.-non,
Freedley, Fuller, Gentry, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, Haralson, Jsham G. H.trri?, yamp?o  W. Harris,
Haymond, HoHaday, Howard, Hnbhard, Inge, Joseph W.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robeit W\ Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, McCierriand, McDonald, McGaughey,McWillie,
Meade, Million, Moiehead, Morse, Morton, Orr, Ou law,
Parker, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Robbins, Rubm-on, Ro*s,
Savage, Snepperd,Fn derick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
Sweetser, Thoina«, Jacob Thompson, J',hn fi. Thompson,
William Thompson, Undeihili, Waldeji, Watkins, VVil-
hanis, and Wood—74.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended,"and the resolution wa3
not introduced.
CUMBERLAND DAM.
Mr. BOYD asked the unanimous consent of the
House to submit a motion that the Senate bill
which he sent to the Clerk's table, and the title of
which he asked might be read, should be made
the special order of the day for the 30th of this
month. And he <*ave notice that if objection was
made, he should move that the rules be suspended
for the purpose of enabling him to submit the
motion.
The title of the bill was read, as a bill to provide
for the repair and improvement of the dam at the
head of Cumberland Island, in the Ohio River.
Objection was made
Mr, BOYD moved that the rules be suspended
for the purpose of enabling him to submit the
motion.
Tellers (Messrs. Boyd and Shepperd) were
appointed.
And the question was taken, and by ayea 60,
I noes not counted, was decided in the negative. '
j So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative—the
: rules were not suspended.
INVESTIGATION THE SECRETARY OF THE
INTERIOR. m
Mr. RICHARDSON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following' reso-
iu tions, and gave notice of his intention to move a
suspension of the rules, if objection was made.
The resolutions were read as follows:
Resolved, That a cch ct < oinniitfeH of nine be appointed,
with power to send foi person- and papers, to inquire and
report to this flous^e, whether Tnoma- Ewmg, Secretary of
tne Interior, reop^n^j and paid to G. W. & W. G. Ewinsja
claim against the United States Government, of $77,0'J0,
alter tne same had jbeen adjudicated and rejected by the
