1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1879
quired to furnish an estimate for thorough repairs,
and for finishing the existing piers, and also for
the necessary extension of the piers; the latter as
a final estimate to complete the work as it had
been begun, and to art extent adequate to produce
the usefulness in the harbor contemplated in the
original plan, and essential to justify the expendi-
ture.
"By a careful estimate, it is found that the thor-
ough repair and finishing of the piers, as they now
exist, will cost $14,194, and the extension of the
work requisite to complete the plan $19,803—total
■833,997 *
"When this work was in progress, and as much
as §38,073 was expended, in 1838, a final estimate
was then submitted of $48,020—making a total for
the work of §86,093.
"The additional amount expended after 1838
made a total wf expenditure upon the works of
§57,410, to which the final estimate of $33,997
being added, it will make the total amount ex-
pended, and contemplated to be expended, upon
this harbor, $91,407; exceeding the final estimate
of 1838 by $5,314—an excess occasioned chiefly
by the unfinished condition in which the piers
were left after the appropriation of 1838 had been
exhausted.
"The final views in relation to this harbor will,
from the foregoing statement, require about $40,-
000."
The amount proposed in the bill is all that will
be required during the present fiscal year.
Line 38. Harbor of Erie, Pennsylvania.
Appropriations for this harbor have been made
during the years 1824, '26, '27, '28, '29, '31, '32,
'33, '34, "35, '36, '37, '38, '44, amounting to
$182,981.
In the report of 1844 it is stated:
"The situation of this harbor is about eighty
miles west of Buffalo, and is the only harbor on
the lake shore of the State of Pennsylvania. So
much has been said of it, and so often, that it is
not necessary now to speak of more than its gen-
eral properties. It is about four miles long, by
one and a half wide, and of great depth, averaging
in this extent more than twenty feet deep, and
throughout a great proportion of its space full
twenty-five feet deep, and completely land-locked.
The difficulty was in the passage which formed its
entrance at its eastern end, which was by a crooked
and shifting channel, with a depth not exceeding
five feet. Efforts to improve the entrance were
commenced in 1824. They consisted in a line of
crib work, from the shore at the eastern end of the
bay, extending out about 2,530 feet, at which point
this line of crib work is connected with the south-
ern entrance pier. This last pier is 780 feet long,
extending eastwardly into the lake. There is an
angle in this pier, dividing it into two parts; the
part on the lake side being 260 feet long, that on
the harbor side being 520 feet long. The entrance
from-the lake is 360 feet wide, that in the harbor
is 550 feet wide; this difference being occasioned
by the angle before described. The pier which
forms the northern side of this entrance is without
any angle, and is 1,240 feet long. Upon the east-
ern end of this pier a beacon light has been erected.
At about 125 feet from the western end of this last
pier, (the northern entrance pier,) a crib pier work
originates, and is extended northwardly about
2,900 feet. The object of this long pier, and of
that first described as extending from the shore
for 2,500 feet, is to prevent the sea from breaking
into the harbor, and to confine the passage of the
water to the space between the entrance piers.
"The object has been well accomplished, and now
the passage between the piets is eighteen feet deep.
The pier frona the shore is, however, so low that,
during moderate blows from the east, vast quanti-
ties of water pass over it into the harbor, carrying
with it quantities of sand from the lake. So, in
blows from the west, quantities of water pass over
this pier from the harbor into the lake, but not car-
rying back much sand, as the wave from the harbor
is less violent than from the lake, mo ving thesand in
consequence only from very inconsiderable depths.
More sand is therefore received into the harbor
than is discharged from it over this low pier. The
whole of this pier should, in my judgment, be
raised about three feet above its present level, and
on approaching the southern entrance pier, be
* This estimate was made out before the damages of the
storm in October..
gradually raised to the level of that pier. As might
well be supposed, from piers so long constructed,
they have suffered seriously from decay of mate-
rials and exposure to the surf. The timbers be-
low water were, however, sound; and the crib-
work had maintained its alignment, although
great quantities of stone had been washed out.
The channel piers had been occasionally repaired
since their construction, and there was no breach
through them, although tn other respects they
were much injured; but the two long piers, in ad-
dition to other injuries, had breaches through sev-
eral places. The northern entrance pier and the
long pier running from it, being most exposed and
most essential to the entrance, were directed to be
repaired immediately. Similar directions were
also given in reference to the long pier from the
shore; but in reference to the southern entrance
pier, directions were given to leave it in its present
condition, for the present. The southern entrance
pier is so much injured, and will require such se-
rious repairs, that the amount will probably not
differ much from the cost of constructing a new
pier, which it may be found highly advantageous
to do, in order to preserve the harbor entrance of
550 feet throughout to the Lake. Although the
entrance between the piers is of the depth pre-
viously stated, yet the old bar inside has not been
entirely removed; and although a passage over it
of about eleven feet water has resulted from the
construction of the entrance piers to the deep
water of the harbor, yet this channel is rather
crooked and narrow. The bottom is too tena-
cious to be acted upon by the current occasioned
by the piers, and the dredge boat will have to be
used there. The agent was directed to put the
boat in order, and to apply its action to this pas-
sage as soon as practicable.
" The island which now forms the harbor was
once a peninsula, connected with main land by a
long and narrow bank of sand at its western ex-
tremity. At the northern extremity of this sand
bank, the island was long since threatened by an
irruption from the sea, which it was probable
would, in its consequences, seriously injure, if not
destroy the harbor. To guard against such an
evil, the attention of the Government was bestowed
at an early period, by the construction of a costly
line of crib-work, raised and strengthened at the
threatened locality, and extending southwardly
over the sand bar about 1,000 feet from the bar-
racks and other buildings erected there for the ac-
commodation of the workmen. This extension
was a low and cheap work, intended to arrest the
floating sand in that direction, which purpose it
has admirably fulfilled, the sand having become
raised about it,and having accumulated extensively
on each side of it. The line of crib-work extend-
ing northwardly from the barracks around the
point,of the island, also answered the purpose
while it lasted, defending the island in that direc-
tion from the encroachments of the sea. But this
was the dangerous locality of attack from the sea;
and although the work in this part was strong and
well raised, yet, from its great exposure, and from
the unfinished 3tate in which it was left after the
last appropriation (1838) it was found, during the
inspection tour of the past season, so completely
destroyed, that its repairs will be equivalent to the
construction of new work. The sea had en-
croached to the foundation of the barracks, and
threatened so seriously to break through in that
direction, that orders were given immediately to
renew the work, and to extend it in the direction
of the original design. On my return, two months
after, I found this work (as well as the repairs at
the eastern entrance) had been pushed forward
with much energy, so as to relieve from appre-
hension of further serious injury during the gales
of the ensuing season.
" The extension of the crib-work southwardly
from the barracks had, as before remarked, occa-
sioned the sand to accumulate in its vicinity, and
by restricting the parts on this sand bank, over
which the sea passed during gales, had, as had
been anticipated, facilitated the action of the sea
in deepening the passage into the western end of
the harbor. On the last survey, this passage was
about 3,000 feet ftide, and from five to six feet
deep.
" The honorable Secretary is well aware that the
intention of opening a passage at this end of the
harbor, capable of admitting first class steamers,
has long since formed an essential feature in the
plans for the improvement of this place, and has
long since been brought to the consideration of
CoBgress, and that the estimate and appropriation
of last year were intended to promote that object
and to repair the old works. The plan is to ex-
tend the crib-work from the barracks to a suitable
point in the present opening for the construction'of
the entrance piers; then to construct two entrance
piers, with a passage between them not less than
five hundred feet wide, extending eastwardly to
sufficiently deep water in the harbor, and west-
wardly to sufficiently deep water in the lake; and,
from a suitable point in the line of the southern
entrance pier, to extend the crib-work to the main
land, or nearly so, in order to prevent an irruption
of the sea on that side of the entrance. The esti-
mate for this work, made in 1839, and submitted
with the report of that season, amounted to
$326,150; but I feel satisfied, from the inspection
of last season, that the greater part of the crib-
work from the southern entrance pier to the main
land, can be'dispensed with and the estimate pro-
portionably reduced. I have no doubt that the
sand in that direction will accumulate rapidly and
soon form of itself an adequate and extensive bar-
rier. But as the original estimate did not embrace
the necessary pierhead and light-house on the lake
extremity of the pier, and an equally essential
beacon-light on the harbor extremity, and as it
may be necessary to extend the crib-work from
the southern entrance pier to the snore, I have not
considered it safe to icduce the estimate, befcause
of the probable reduction of crib-work first allu-
ded to.
" For the continuation of this work the sum of
$50,000 will be required for the fiscal year com-
mencing on the 1st July, 1845.
" The appropriation of last year was $40,000.
Of this amount, for making the repairs which have
been referred to, for repairing the dredge boat, -
constructing essential machinery, raising the old
pier from the shore in the eastern entiance, there
has been and will be expended an amount of
$28,514, leaving of the appropriation of last ses-
sion, and applicable to the further prosecution
of the work, a balance of $11,486. This bal-
ance will be required to repair the south pier of
the eastern entrance, and to extend the north pier
of the same entrance further into the lake. A
disposition has been discovered on the part of the
lake to deposit the sand swept from the island
near the mouth of this entrance, which will have
to be corrected by an extension of the north pier
under a proper angle."
Line 40. Conneaut Harbor.
Former appropriations in favor of this harbor
are for the years 1829, '30, '31, '32, '36, '37, '38,
and '44, amounting to $48,305.
In the report of 1844, it is said:
" This harbor is about thirty miles west of Erie,
near the boundary line between Pennsylvania and
Ohio, and most favorably situated for the accom-
modation of the trade of both of these States.
" As a thorough inspection was made of these
harbors in 1839, and particularly of those on this
lake, from Conneaut, west, the result of which
was submitted in the report of that Fall, I will avail
myself of many of the remarks in that report, of a
general character, as true and as applicable to these
works now as then:
" At all the harbors the works are composed of
timber and loose stone; and at some of them the
timber is already in a state of decay, and in a few
years all the work above the level of the water
must necessarily fall to ruin, unless repaired and
renewed. Should it be the intention to maintain
the works in a sound condition, the repairs and
renewals will be a constant source of expense,
unless measures are taken to employ imperishable
materials in replacing such as are decayed.
" The piers are frequently, and, at some of the
ports, are constantly, used to store large quantities
of the wood which the steamboats consume; and
it is often of consequence that this should be piled
as far out as a regard to its safety will justify,
and that in many cases there should be space to-
wards the extremity of the piers, not only for
this purpose, but for the landing of passengers and
freight carried by the numerous classes of boats
engaged in the general business of the lakes, run-
ning periodically betwt .a Buffalo and the extreme
upper ports, and which only touch at interme-
diate pofnts for the indispensable purpose of wood-
