1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL 6L0MB.
Sept.
ing,-or to take and discharge way-passepgers and
freight, and to whom, especially in unpropitious
weather and daring; unfavorable seasons of the
year, the question of time is all important. These
considerations, among others, have influenced us
in. recommending the increased breadth above
water we have already mentioned; and we have
less hesitation in doing so, and in recommending
the construction of parapets in case of piers having
beacon lights at their extremity, as narrow piers
without parapets become extremely dangerous,
and sometimes impracticable to communicate with
them from the shore in stormy weather, when
they are most needed; and we have assumed,
under all the circumstances bearing upon the ques-
tion in the case of these particular works, that
the best form we can recommend to be given to
the sides of the piers, is one perpendicular to the
surface of the lake, except so far as where the
peculiar nature of the bottom on which the cribs
may be placed may require a sufficient quantity of
loose stone to be thrown for the purpose of pro-
tecting the foundations against the action of the
waves, or to refill any void that may have accident-
ally occurred near the bottoms of the cribs—a
contingency which doubtless is possible, whatever
precaution we may use in the original design and
framing of cribs—a contingency, too, the extent of
which we cannot well appreciate, and for which,
therefore, we do not purpose to make any esti-
mate. Having assumed a perpendicular form for
the sides of the piers, and in the cases where we
are not precluded from carrying out our own
opinions, we consider that the additional conve-
nience and security afforded thereby to the public
would well warrant any difference of cost that may
be supposed to result from its adoption.
"These works have all cost much more money
than appears to have been anticipated at the time
they were commenced. This is attributable to
various causes, most of which, with reference to
each work, will appear upon a careful perusal of
the account we have given of its progress. Some
of them we will now notice: The project of open-
ing permanently the mouths of the rivers, so as to
permit the passage of vessels at all times, was at
the first considered to be an experiment of a very
doubtful result; and it was not until some progress
had been made in carrying it into effect, that the
public confidence could be enlisted in it to the ex-
tent to justify the enlarged and more expensive
plans wmeh the importance of some of them would
seem to have required. Moreover, the importance
to which some have arisen since the commence-
ment of the works, is in many cases owing to the
influence of the works themselves, without which,
necessarily, the harbors must have remained to
this day, as formerly they were, inaccessible to the
commerce and shipping of the lakes, as well as
measurably useless to the surrounding country.
Moreover, the channels of communication which
have been opened with the interior, since some of
them were planned, have added vastly to their
consequence. Thus they have nearly all of them,
in fact, aitained a degree of importance which they
could not possibly have expected to possess at so
early a period. Moreover, works of this charac-
ter, and hydraulic works generally, were but little
understood among us at that period, and the force
and effect of the lake sftrms do not appear to have
been always foreseen, since the earlier structures
were not calculated to resist them; nor were they
contrived,apparently,'with leference to the nature
of the foundation on which they were built. This
being a movable sand, liable to be removed by a
very slight force, was frequently swept away by
the waves, as they washed the foot of the piers.
They had rarely the strength which should have
been given them; consequently, being undermined
by the waves, they would yield under the weight
of the stone with which they were always loaded,
and^hence very large and unanticipated expendi-
tures became necessary in readjusting them, as
well as for the additional protection required at
their base. The formation of sand shoals near
the heads of the piers, and at the entrance of the
channels, and the increased draught which the
rapidly increasing commerce of the lakes demand-
ed for the vessels employed in it, suggested addi-
tional extensions of the piers into deeper water.
These causes of expense have served to swell the
expenditures beyond the original estimates, and
added to these, the rapid decay of the wooden por-
tions of the structures, and the consequent repair
and renewal of the work above water. Again: at
the period of the commencement of nearly all the
works, the laborers of the neighboring country
being measurably without employment, and pro-
duce having no outlet to a market, labor and pro-
visions,and materials for the works were extremely
cheap. The impulse imparted to industry, and
the facilities of conveyance for the produce of the
country, provided by the works themselves, had
the effect greatly to enhance their cost, by the in-
creased prices which labor and materials could
command. The extraordinary high stage of the
waters of the lake, exceeding by some feet any
Other on record, has indicated the necessity of a
corresponding increase of the height of the piers
beyond the original design, and hence an addi-
tional unanticipated expenditure.
"The original design of procuring a sufficient
deptji of channel for the largest class of vessels
navigating the lakes is accomplished at nearly all
the points within the limits of our inspection at
which it has been directed to be done, and
wherever that depth has not been attained we are
satisfied of the sufficiency of the measures pro-
posed for effecting it. Whether the entrance at
these places will continue unobstructed by the
sand which drifts along the shore of the lake in
the general direction of the prevailing winds,
without any other a^d than the piers which pro-
ject beyond the coast, line, or whether these have
attained the depth of water, and distance from
shore, the most suitable to the object for which
they were designed, is a problem not to be solved
with our present limited acquaintance with the
forces operating upon the sands which are found
immediately to windward of nearly all the works,
and extending from the base of the cliffs, or the
highest reach of the waves, to a depth beneath the
surface of the lake which we have not been able
always to ascertain with the precision we could
desire. We incline, however, to the opinion,
that, in nearly all the cases where the plans al-
ready adopted have been carried into execution,
the piers extend as far into the lake as is desira-
ble, with reference to the purposes for which they
were designed. Nevertheless, in order to be as-
sured on that point, and to leave nothing to un-
certain conjecture, and with a view to the develop-
ment and collection of facts, without which, as we
conceive, no enlightened view can betaken of the
ultimate effect of the woiks already erected, or of j
those which may suggest themselves for the fur-
ther improvement or extension of the harbors,
(should the increasing trade require them,) we
are of opinion that a careful and minute topo-
graphical and hydrographical survey and exami-
nation, under competent direction, should be made
of the whole lake shore, so as to include all the
works, and to extend from the crest of the cliffs
or banks on shore, to a depth in the lake at which
the waves or undertow shall be found to have lost
their influence upon the drifted matter at the bot-
tom, or if a sensible current exists in the lake in
the general direction of the discharge of the sur-
plus water of the lake, at such a distance from
tKe shores as to be within the limits of any work
which it might be deemed expedient to erect in
connection with those already there, then to that
distance. The details of such a survey would re-
quire great skill and care on the part of those who
might be charged with us execution. It should be
intrusted to those only who were capable of ap-
preciating the value of its details with reference to
the specific object for which it was made; added
to this, we think theie ought to be instituted at
each harhor a series of observations, with refer-
ence to the effects produced upon the shoals, chan-
nels, and beach, by the storms and freshets occur-
ring at them. These might be conducted by the
local agents in charge of the works, and they would
doubtless, in a short time, yield a body of highly
useful facts, bearing upon questions which are con-
stantly aiising with respect to the proper length,
direction, and position of the works, and their ulti-
mate effects upon the navigation. The variation
of the level of thelake, compared with some fixed
point, ought also to be observed at all the works.
We have, ourselves, caused a rapid survey of
parts of the lake shore to be made during the pe-
riod of our inspection; and although it was neces- .
sarily from our limited means and time, of a very
superficial character, the facts developed by it go !
to strengthen our opinion of the expediency of a I
more perfect examination. i
" That the population, trade, and'agriculture d?
the region of country connected with the lakes,
have increased with extraordinary rapidity within
a few years, and especially .since the commence-
ment of these harbor improvements, is known
everywhere.
" Prior to the formation of these harbors, there
were none upon the south side of the lake which
could be entered at any time Jby vessels drawing
over seven feet; and, during low stages of the lake,
this depth of water was much reduced. With ex-
ception of the harbor and exposed anchorage at
Dunkirk, the harbors of Erie, Sandusky, and
Maumee bays, ail the harbois were usually
closed by sand bars. We do not here speak of
the Niagara and Detroit rivers, lying at opposite
ends of the lake, and under certain circumstances
exposed to serious objections as places of shelter
for vessels, nor of the anchorage to be found among
the islands near its head. The only landing places
at the close of the war of 1812, were Black Rock,
Erie, and,Sandusky and Mauroee bays.
"Thus destitute of outlets for its produce, the
agricultural enterprise of the country lying south
and west of Lake Erie, was dormant. The ship-
ping employed upon the lake was exposed to most
fearful hazard of encountering the sudden and vio-
lent gales to which this region is exposed, upon a
)ee shore, deficient of harbors. At this period, too,
the country was without those lines of canals,
roads, and other means of intercommunication,
which have since been created. Channels of com-
munication with the lower lake, with the Atlantic,
and with the valley of the Mississippi, have since
then been opened or perfected; and, as indispens-
able adjuncts to these, harbors have been formed.
Since then, and as the necessary and unquestion-
able consequence of these improvements, the in-
dustry and enterpriseof the country have assumed
a degree of activity altogether unrivalled, the tide
of emigration has advanced upon it with an
extreme velocity, sweeping away at the same
moment, the wandering Indian and the steadfast
forest. We see in how few years all this has been
achieved. Already the soil sends forth its millions
of surplus grain, to receive in return the fruits of
the industry of other regions. Commerce also in-
creases with the population and productive ability
of the country, and in proportion to the security
afforded by these harbors."
To these general remarks may be added the
following, resulting from the inspection of last
year:
1st. That no crib-work should be extended into
the lake less than twenty feet wide. In some
cases, and as the work is extended into deep wa-
ter, a greater width will be found necessary, but
in no case should it be less.
2d. The method of connecting the timbers into
crib form has been generally found to be good.
The most serious defects have been found in ma-
king the cribs too narrow, and in using timber too
small, resulting from erroneous Considerations of
the power of the surf, and from a too great anxiety
to lesson the cost of the work. Strength and du-
rability in works of this kind, should be para-
mount ideas.
3d. Experience, so far, is in favor of the cribs
without tight bottoms, with a suitable pier-head.
This last, however, is essential to cribs of any
mode of construction. But no modification of re-
ceived and approved modes of construction should
be allowed, or extensions beyond the original de-
sign, unless the plans have been previously sub-
mitted to the bureau, and have been approved.
4th. No crib line should present angles, or an
abruptly broken line, to the action of the sea; these
have been found universally to produce pernicious
effects. Therefore, projections in the outside faces
of the piers, rapid changes of width, and other
sudden modifications of fronts exposed to the sea,
having been found injurious, have been prohibited.
Even the piles should be within the crib frame,
and great care taken that they do not bind so inti-
mately with the frame, as to prevent a regular
sinking of the crib.
5th. The cribs*added to the piers, under the
light-house department, have been m many cases
erected without proper consideration of their posi-
tions and of the action of the sea, and have in con-
sequence called for serious repairs, and have pro-
duced injurious effects upon the cub lines, in all
cases there should be light-houses on the end of
the piers, otherwise the pier itself becomes a
