786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
charge and the authority, then let the House act
upon them. But he was unwilling to consent
that the House should go into this investigation
on no other ground than vague rumor circulated
from an irresponsible source.
He contended-further that the adoption of this
resolution would be a violation of the spirit of that
great principle of law, which provides that no man
shall be held to answer to a criminal charge unless
mieh charge shall be made on oath or affirmation.
He called on the House not to prostitute their
great constitutional power of impeachment, granted
for the highest and noblest purposes, merely to
subserve the purposes of party. He trusted that
the House would be ready to stand upon a princi-
ple which would give dignity and strength to their
exercise of this power. Let them adopt the reso-
lutions of the gentleman from Tennessee, inquire,
properly into the facts, and then if further inquiry
should be deemed proper upon the facts disclosed,
the proposed action might then be proper.
Mr. ROBINSON said it had not been his
intention to say one solitary word upon the ques-
tion before the House. He knew nothing of the
question. He had'not undertaken to investigate
jt in the slightest degree. But the debate had
taken so extraordinary a range, and, it seemed to
him, had been marked by such stiurige conjectures
in regard to the appointment of this committee,
that he felt compelled to submit a very few re-
marks. Ever since he had begun to take notice
of political affairs, it had been a standing cry of
the opposition against the Democratic party—
especially whennwhe Democratic party was in
power—that there had almost always been the
grossest corruption in the administration of the
Government. And these charges had been made
against each Administration, from the head down.
Gentlemen would recollect that during the admin-
istration of Mr. Van Buren, some committees of
investigation were raised which did absolutely
contribute more to the overthrow of that Adminis-
tration than anything else. Executive patronage
and corruption had been the standing themes /or
the denunciation of their political opponents,
*who were always inviting mvesugations into
Democratic abuses. They would seize upon every
opportunity where the slightest charge was made
against a Democratic officer, and would charge
that the Democratic party here endeavored to
screen him. But what did we see now that they
were in power? A gentleman rose in his place
here, and proposed the appointment of a commit-
tee of investigation upon chaiges published in
almost every newspaper against one of the Secre-
taries of the Administration—chaiges published
time and again. And however eloquent might be
the denunciations of the eloquent gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] against the newspaper pub-
lishers of this country, he would tell the gentle-
man that no man—not the gentleman himself—
was too high to be reached by them. No man
Was above thera. How were such things as these
brought to the notice of the public except by
means of newspaper publications' He doubted
not that many things were published that were
untrue; yet if we were without such vehicles of
intelligence and disinterested information, we
should find that our liberties would not bo very
long worth preserving.
But it seemed to him that the case before the
House presented some remarkable pecuhanues;
for not orie of the Secretaries of this Administra-
tion appeared to be obnoxious to ro many chajges
as the one whose case was now under oonsideia-
tion. Charges against him had bern made in all
quarters. Gentlemen on the other side of ihe
House wanted a responsible accuser. Did no one
believe any of these charges? There was one of
them which he thought was generally believed on
his side of the House—and th.it was that the Sec-
retary of the Interior had exeiciscd powers not be-
longing to him, in the appointment of clerks in the
General Land Officc; and he thought that otheis
of the charges were also believed. If ail was
right—if there was nothing " rotten in Denmark,"
why should gentlemen oppose ,m nivesus-atn'ii;
An innocent man, it seemed to him, would coim
it. If Mr. Ewirig was not culiialjic—it'lie was
entirely innocent, it seemed to hun that he would
be the very man to ask for an investigation a* the
Secretary of War had done. Why, sir, diu he
not ask it? His organ outside declared that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] dared
not bring in the resolutions. His friends inside
said that tlje proceeding was all wrong; that it was
discourteous to pursue it; that it ought not to be
done; that it was the violation of a sacred funda-
mental principle; and they called for a vote by
yeas and nays, that the country might understand
the outrage. If Mr. Ewing was innocent, he had
nothing to fear. He would have at least four
good friends upon the committee, who would see
that the investigation was properly conducted as
respected him. What had he to fear if he was
not guilty ? And if he was guilty the facts ought
to be exposed to the country.
Mr. BAKER said he had no personal reason to
feel any peculiar warmth towards the Administra-
tion. The course adopted in certain affairs m his
own State had done him more injury in one year
than the Democracy had done him in fifteen So
far as one part of this resolution is concerned, he
regarded it as a fair subjcct for public inquiry. If
the present Administration had taken into its pa-
tronage a corps of letter-writers, it had done that
which he condemned here, as he had condemned
it on the stump.
The other charges contained in this resolution
stood on a somewhat different footing. His col-
league had charged the Secretary of the Interior
with having reopened the decisions on the subject
of the Chickasaw claim, and the Ewing claim,"and
he understood that his colleague had inferred the
facts to be as they were charged. „
Mr. RICHARDSON" said he had made not in-
ferences.
Mr. BAKER resumed. If it was all correct
about the Secretary having reopened rhe Chicka-
saw claim, was there any proof that this was a
criminal act on the part of the Secretary? He
could not give his support to the resolution, be-
cause if the charges were intended to involve a
criminal act, it was properly the subject for a
court of law.
If his colleague desired to know what had been
done by the Secietary in the case of the Chicka-
saw claim, there were the books of the department,
which weie open to every one. His colleague
could go to the department and obtain the facts
from those records. If it should be found that
the records had been falsified, there would be
ground for a specific charge. But the mere fact
that he had leopened the claim, even if true, con-
stituted no criminal charge.
Mr. RICHARDSON intimated that it would be
sufficient ground for a charge.
Mr. BAKER suggested that it might be done
without improper motive, but merely "from a mis-
taken view of his duty; and if so, it could only be
regarded as a mistake. If it was done with a
criminal intent, it was then within the compe-
tence of this House to take cognizance of it. This
he held to be the law. It'was competent to the
Secretary to exeicisejudicialfunctionsm theduties
of his office.
He regarded it as manifestly unjust to make
charges of this serious import merely from infer-
ences. Unless on the authority of a responsible
accuser, the charge of crime ought not to be re-
ceived; but if pieferred on competent authority,
and believed to he true, it was a proper subject lor
the investigation of a committee. For himself, he
had no idea that those functions were exercised
any other way than properly.
If his colleague desired to know what had been
done in reference to the Chickasaw claim, the rec-
ords of the d< parturient jj-ould supply him with
the facts in dn hour. And if the Secietary should
be requncd by 'he House to communicate the
teasons of his action in regard to them, he will
furnish them. If it should be alleged that there
had been conuptionin the course of the Secretary,
and any responsible person would bring forward
: an allegation that there had been such corruption,
then it would be the duly of the House to raise a
committee, and to refer to it the investigation of
, the subject.
! Theie was another reason why he should not j
; vote fox the resolution. The several members of!
' the Cabinet—the Secretary of War, the Attorney i
General, the Secretary of the interior—had all !
, been set up as targets by the pohfical press of the
i country._ They had all been assailed not only in
their political character, but in their personal and
pi ivate relations. Their integrity in their public
conduct had been assailed. There had beei\ no
responsible accuser, and the charges had not been
presented in any fixed or certain shape. But re-
ports against all these individuals had been circu-
lated through the columns of the political press m
every direction. Now, the friends of these gen-
tlemen were quite as anxious as their enemies
could be to go into such an examination of these
slanders as would expose their wickedness and
falsity to the world, or as would substantiate the
charges they contained, if true.
Suppose that any man were to rise and charge
him or his colleague with perjury: Is the charge
to be received without the accuser being previously
sworn or affirmed in court as to the truth of his
allegations ? Are we to take a charge of this char-
acter on the faith of mere rumors?
These were sufficient reasons to induce him to
believe that the committee should not be granted.
No man would be more anxious than he was to
ascertain the truth of these charges. But he could
not consent that every member *of the Cabinet
should be subjected to be called before a commit-
tee of this House on charges preferred merely by
rumor, or unless they could be sustained by a re-
sponsible accuser. He could not by his vote
sanction a course so discourteous, so unjust to
men who had by their talents and reputation
raised themselves to the highest positions of honor
and trust.
He was therefore against the resolution.
Mr. GENTRY stated that if the gentleman
from Illinois had accepted his amendment as he
had expected, as a modification of his original res-
olution, there would have been no opposition to
it. The Chair had decided his amendment to be
out of order, a decision for whieh he was not pre-
pared. The House might now -vote down the
original resolution, and he would then offer the
one he had prepared.
Mr. RICHARDSON said that when he had in-
timated a readiness to modify his proposition to
meet the viewsof thegentleman from Tennessee,he
had supposed that the resolution of that gentleman
was merely a change of the phraseology of the ori-
ginal proposition.
Mr. GENTRY replied that his amendment was
merely a copy of the resolution of thegentleman
from Illinois, with the exception of that part which
had reference to the letter wi iters. In that part
he had made some change m the phraseology.
Ail the objects contemplated in the original reso-
lution were embraced m the amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he had understood
that the gentleman from Tennessee had only
changed the language of his resolution.
Mr. GENTRY said the gentleman would see
that the objects had not been changed. Ail that
he desired was to prevent any hasty auion without
proper information. He desired that the Secretary
should have the opportunity to report the facts and
the reasons by which he had been actuated.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
the resolution of the gentleman from Illinois, by
adding the following:
"And further, that the said committee inquire into the
Denby, Collins, and Wetmore, arid into all otner defalca-
tions that took plate under the Administration of Mr. Polk;
and that the said committee, loi the ptirpo.-e of a-eertamtng
the character an I extent of said defalcation:-, address, to the
heads of the ^eveia! department-* particular inquiries with
regard thereto, and particularly re-pecting anj knowledge
by the late Administration, or by the heads of any ot the
departments thereof, concerning said dedications, or any of
them; and whether any water for nt-*\%.-pdpeis held oirice
under the late Administration; and if so, for what papers
they wrote, and the names ot sa d writers ; and al-o. that
the committee inqune whether the late Administration, 01
any head of any department thereo', opened or paid any
claim that had been rejected by previous Administrations;
arid whether sard late Admnu-tiation, or any oificet thereof,
has -allowed or paid interest on anj ciatms ; if jta, to whom
and the amount theieof'; and that thoy inquire into the
names of all person^ having an njt<re>tin said claim*.; ami
further, that the cornimtte.e inquire whether any officer-, of
the late Administration in the Post Ofhct, or oilier depart-
ment, weie engaged m making electioneering speeches?
about the countiy while receiving pay from the Govern-
ment, or whether any officers of'the Government were
engaged a% political writer, or h<-ad- of politu al club.-, for
the purpose of infim'ticing the election.-; and furthei,th:U
said coimniUee inquire into any and all Irauds generally
commuted by officer:? of the late Administration."
ATr. RICHARDSON said that there would be
no objection to the adoption of the resolution, if
the gentleman from Maryland would move it as a
separate proposition aftei the adoption of this les-
olution, and the gentleman should have a commit-
tee from his own side of the House.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to beoutof
