1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
order, as it embraced a subject not relevant to the
subject-matter of this resolution.
Mr. STANLY expressed a desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. CARTTER inquired if it was in order to
offer these amendments while the gentleman from
Illinois had possession of the floor?
The CHAIR stated that the gentleman from Illi-
nois was entitled to the floor, and no gentleman
could make a proposition unless he yielded it.
Mr. BAKER said he had yielded the floor to
allow the gentlemen from Maryiaml and North
Carolina to submit their propositions.
Mr. EVANS appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and called for the reading of the resolution
and proposed amendment; which were read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired if
the appeal was debatable.
The SPEAKER stated that in the opinion of
the Chair if was not debatable.
Mr. BURT remarking that he thought the ques-
tion of sufficient importance, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
• Mr. PRESTON KING called for the reading
of the 55th rule; which was read as follows:
'•No motion or proposition, or a suggestion different from
that under consideration shall be admitted under color ol
amendment."
The SPEAKER propounded the question,
ilShall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House?"
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Speaker if he
ruled the amendment out of order, under the rule
which had just been read ?
The SPEAKER stated that he decided the
amendment out of order on the groutid of irrele-
vancy, the object of the amendment being different
from that of the resolution. He referred as a pre-
cedent sustaining this, to a decision made by him
a few days since, deciding out of order, m the
case of a bill providing for the payment of a claim
to a certain individual, an amendment proposing
the payment of another claim to another person,
resting upon precisely the same principle. He
also referred to a decision of his predecessor in the
chair, in the case of a resolution providing for the
payment of a contesting member, ruling out an
amendment for the payment of another contesting
mem ber.
Mr. ASIIMUN said that the resolution pro-
posed an investigation into the allowance of claims
m the Treasury Department^ the amendment pro-
posed related to the history of such allowances in
the same department heretofore.
The SPEAKER again announced the question
on the appeal.
Mr. EVANS withdrew the appeal.
Mr. BAKER addressed the Chair, and claimed
his right to the floor.
The SPEAKER interposed, and stated that he
was of opimoh that the motion of amendment by
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] as
well as the appeal by him should not have been
received while another gentleman [Mr. Baker]
was entitled to the floor; and hereafter if a gentle-
man who was entitled to the floor gave way tem-
porarily to other gentlemen, they could only give
notice of amendments, and the amendments would
not be received from the original proposer while
another gentleman was upon the floor.
Mr. STANLY (Mr. Baker yielding) wished to
offer the following amendment to the resolution of
Mr. Richardson.
The SPEAKER said it could only be read for
information.
It was read accordingly, as follows:
" Also, what persons holding office under the last Admin-
istration, as clerks in any of the public offices, Auditor.-,
Heads uf Bureaus, Commissioner of Patents, or Assistant
Postmaster General, were correspondents of newspapers,
wrote for, or edited newspapers, their salaries or compensa-
tion for the same; and who, in particular, was the author
of certain party essays signed < Buiidlecimd,' and what
office he then held.
"And also, whether, duiing the late canvass for the
Presidency, any uf the above-named officers absented them-
selves from their offices and official duties to make speeches
and public addresses against the eie< tion of General Taylor.
" Also, whetner the above-named officeis,or any of tnem,
dunn" said canvass, were called upim or requited to sub-
scriber pay money for an electioneering fund against Gen-
eral Taylot, and at whose instance this was done."
Mr. DUNHAM (Mr. Baker further yielding)
sent up to the Clerk's table the following amend-
ment:
u Whether any members of this House have been absent
from their seats making stump speeches m Connecticut
preceding the late election in that State, and what lias been
the effect of those speeches.5'
The reading occasioned considerable merriment.
Mr. GENTRY playfully objected to the amend-
ment as out of order, and a gross personality to-
wards the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Baker.]
Mr, CARTTER called for the reading again of
the proposed amendment of Mr. Dunham, re-
marking that it had not been distinctly heard in
his part of the House.
Mr. BAKER said he should like to hear it
again.
Jt was accordingly again read, and received
with laughter.
Mr. BAKER (resuming) said he begged leave
to return his profound acknowledgments to the
honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham]
for the very appropriate and witty amendment
which he had caused to be read to the House.
He suggested, however, that if the fact were to he
proved by the good results, it would be very diffi-
cult to show that he (Mr. B.) had been to Cor>
necticut. [A laugh.]
He wished to say one or two words more upon
the business before the House. In the first place,
in what he said he did not endorse the attack of
" The Republic" upon his colleague, [Mr. Rich-
ardson.] His colleague was always earnest and
sincere, though not always right; and he guessed
his colleague before he got through would find
that embarking in a conflict with the Secretary of
the Jntenor, there were blows to be taken as well
as given. He (Mr. B.) looked upon it as nothing
mote than a political movement against the Secre-
tary. His colleague had been bred in a political
school where such things were very common,
sometimes very useful, but his zeal, and the zeal
of those with whom he acted, sometimes outrun
their wisdom. He meant nothing m the least un-
kind to his colleague m what he should say. He
could not but declare that, in his judgment, this
committee was not necessary, because a simple
inquiry from the Secretary of the Interior would
call out every fact his colleague wished to know.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (in his scut.) I don't
know about that.
Mr. BAKER, (continuing,) said, if the Chicka-
saw claim had been allowed, if the Ewings had
been paid, (and here he wished to state the fact that
the Secretary was no relative at all of these par-
ties,) the report of the Secretary would show these
facts.
In the next place, he could not vote for the se-
ries of resolutions, because they implied charges
of corruption on the part of the Secretary. There
were many cases in which committees of investi-
gation were peculiarly proper; one of these cases
was, where the fact was alleged against a public
officer, that he was disposed to hide, to cover up
the facts. There was no such charge here, and
there was no reason to believe that a call npon the
Secretary would not procure a full and complete
answer to every inquiry proposed in the resolu-
tions.
In the third place, he should vote against the res-
olution, because it contained no charge upon the
authority of any responsible accuser; and he
submitted to his colleague, that there was not a
man in this House, or in any public body in the
world who was not liable to perpetual assault and
annoyance from common rumor. Let a gentleman
happen to have an enemy—personal or political—
and his colleague's history, as well as his own,
showed that there were many who would like to
make such charges if they.could only annoy the
gentleman or himself, and he had but to spread
abroad defamatory charges without anybody
standing forth as the responsible accuser, and forth- ,
with a committee of investigation must be raised. j
He regretted that his colleague had been seduced ■
out of his usual line of moderation and good tern- :
per, so as'to rise here, and give authority and j
weight to charges gathered from the political press '
which he had said he believed to be true. But he j
did not understand his colleage to have gone so far  
as to say, he believed there had been corruption on j
the part of Mr. Ewing.
Before he took his seat he would offer the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] so as to bring it before the House—it
being understood that he claimed no credit for the
suggestions it made, but that it belonged to that
gentleman. At the same time he said to his col-
league, if he would modify his resolutions so as to
give a responsible accuser, or if he would so mod-
ify it as merely to propose an inquiry of the Secre-
tary as to the facts; if he would so modify it as
that the charge should, on its face, per sef present
any probable corruption on the part of the Secre-
tary, he (Mr. B.) would vote for it. At present
the charges might all be true, and yet the Secre-
tary of the Interior be as pure as Chief Justice
Marshall. Before taking his seat he repeated to
his colleague, that to insinuate by resolution offered
in this House, that a public functionary^ had com-
mitted acts which required investigation, while
the resolution did not, in terms, allege any cor-
ruption or malfeasance, was to make this House a
mere machine for embodying public rumor, for
giving tongue and sting to poisonous suspicions,
to blast the fame of public men whose ill fortune
it might be that they lived in times not propitious
to their party, but who yet had a reputation which
might hope to survive such times, and descend,
pure and untainted, to future generations.
Mr. BAYLY said he understood that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Baker]
was offered as an amendment to the resolution.
Mr. BAKER. I understand that my friend
from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] sent an
amendment to the Chair, and to allow it to be the
subject of debate, I adopted it and offered it as an
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment comes within
the rule laid down by the Chair, in ruling-out the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans.]
Mr. STANLY, (to the Speaker.) On what
grounds, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. It relates to matters other
than that in the resolution of the gentleman from
Illinois. It proposes a different investigation.
Mr. STANLY was understood to say, it pro-
posed an inquiry as to letter-writers, correspond-
ents, &c.
Mr. BAYLY resumed the floor. Before giving
his vote, he said, he desired to state the reasons
which would control it. In what capacity was
Lhis House now acting? He took it that they
were called upon to act as the grand inquest of the*
nation. A member of this House, acting in that
capacity, came before the.m, and with the respon-
sibility which attached to his position, stated his
belief that there had been official misconduct on
the part of a high public functionary, and de-
manded an investigation. Had he not a right to
do so? Was it not the duty of this House to one
of its members, who demanded an investigation
upon such an occasion, that it should be insti-
tuted ? It was due to this body—it was due to
the high public functionary whose conduet was
called in question—and more than all, it was due
to the character of the Government itself. Inves-
tigations of this sort were not new in the history
of this country. During the administration of
General Jackson, there were several committees of
inquiry raised* in this body. At that time the
friends of the Administration objected to these in-
quiries, in some instances, because they insisted
that specific charges should be made. The ground
was taken that no officer should be called upon to
answer, until specific charges were made against
him. But what was the reply to that principle
made by the Whig party? They said that the
accusations were not always of a character which
could be reduced to specification. They said that
in many cases all that could be relied upon was a
well-founded suspicion. They said that, not hav-
ing access to the leoords, they could not bring
their charges to that sort of particularity which
indictmentsatthecommon lawrequired. And as he
conceived, ultimately they made good that ground
before the country. How was it upon the present
occasion ? The gentleman , from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] in compliance with the then requisi-
tions of the Jackson party, but which the Whigs
then insisted was not necessary, had made speci-
fications.
Mr. VINTON interposed, and (Mr. Bayly
yielding for the purpose) asked a question which
was not heard, but which was understood to be to
what-investigation the gentleman alluded.
Mr. BAYLY said, he referred to the investiga-
tions made during the administration of General
Jackson into the conduct of the departments in-
stituted by the distinguished gentleman (Mr.
Wise) who had preceded him in the district which
he now represented. Mr, B. then proceeded: In
