1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 20,
Line 50. Harbor of Black river.
The following extract is taken from the report
of 1844, in reference to this harbor:
'• It is situated about twenty-seven miles west of
Cleveland, at the outlet of Black river. There
was no specific appropriation during the last ses-
sion for this harbor, and the expenses of the work
directed to be done there will have to be taken out
" of the general appropriation of #20.000, this being
one of these harbors,' the construction of which
has been authorized by law.'
" Originally, the entrance was obstructed by a
sand bar, over which there was occasionally about
three feet water, but which, like most of the river
mouths on the lake was at times nearly dry. The
effects on the works have been to create a depth
of not less than nine feet.
" The entrance between the piers is 170 feet
wide at their inner extremities, and 190 feet at
their outer. The western pier is 1,379 feet long,
and the eastern pier 1,112 feet long, including
parts upon which the shore has encroached.
" The river is navigable for about four miles
above its entrance, possessing great resources of
water power.
" The work was commenced in 1828, and con-
tinued under small annual appropriations until
1838, when, like others, and for the same cause,
absence of further appropriations, it was suspended.
" A careful examination of the work justified
the impression, that about $4,000 would thoroughly
repair the piers, and put them in condition to last
for several years. The repairs immediately re-
quired, were directed to be made without delay.
" The total amount expended on this work, up
to and including the appropriation of 1838, is
#63,204.
" This harbor is incomplete. The piers require
to be extended further into the lake to insure the
depth necessary for first class steamers; and the
passage between the piers requires the action of
the dredge. About 100 feet should be added to
the western pier, with a suitable pier-head in ad-
dition 40 feet square. This extension and pier-
head will constitute the breakwater pier, and will
have to be made of adequate strength."
In the report of 1845, the estimate for the com-
pleting of this harbor is stated at $24,414. The
appropriations in its favor are for the years 1828,
'30, '31, '32, '33, '34, '35, '36, '37, '38, amount-
ing to #63,204 77.
Line 52. Harbor of Vermillion.
The following description of this harbor is taken
from the report of 1844:
" Its position is about seven miles west of Black
river, and constitutes the entrance of Vermillion
river. This work was commenced in 1836. The
plan contemplated the erection of two parallel
piers, extending into the lake 24 faet wide, and
— feet apart, with an aggregate length of 2,850
feet, finished at the ends with suitable pier-heads
48 feet square. The revised estimate for the total
cost, exclusive of such dredging as might be found
necessary, was #74,342. The total amount ap-
propriated and expended upon the work, up to
and inclusive of the appropriation of 1838, when
the work was suspended, was #53,626. Two
thousand two hundred feet of crib pier have been
constructed. There remains 650 feet of crib pier
yet to be put down, in order to carry out the
original design, and, in addition, the construc-
tion of the two pier-heads."
It will be seen by the foregoing, that the amount
expended upon this work has fallen short of the
original estimate #20,716; but it will also at the
same time be seen, that the work has not yet been
extended in conformity with the plan. The esti-
mate was again carefully revised by a board of
officers in 1839, who stated the amount yet re-
quired to finish the work to be #27,811; but in this
estimate the board included #7,854 for dredging
and for kyanizing the timber for the upper works;
items not embraced in the original estimate. De-
ducting this amount, it leaves for the finishing of
the work according to the original plan, as the
opinion of the board, an amount of. #19,957
And the estimate for the same objects, re-
sulting from the inspection of last year,
is  19,949
We have already seen, that the deficiency
ofappropiations,m reference to the same
objects, compared with the original esti-
mates, is   .•••• 20,716
The coincidence of these three estimates, from
different sources, will, I hope, establish that con-
fidence which seems at times to have been with-
held from the submitted estimates for these works.
As the cost of this work, as far as done, has
been, on more than one occasion, the subject of
unkind remark, I will take this opportunity of
saying, as the result of the inspection of last sea-
son, that there is no crib-work on the lakes which
more amply sustains the general remark pre-
viously made, that where, proportionally to extent
of work done, most had been expended, the
works were found better constructed, more judi-
cious in dimensions, and in better preservation.
There is, therefore, submitted for comple-
ting the work according to the original
plan #20,716
For dredging between the piers  6,432
Making together #27,148
Appropriations have been made in its favor
during the years 1836, '37, '38, amounting to
#53,626 57.
The amount proposed in the bill will be suffi-
cient for the present fiscal year.
Line 54. Harbor at Huron, Lake Erie.
In reference to this harbor, it is said in the re-
ports of 1844 and 1845:
In 1844. " The entrance of this harbor, before
the present piers were erected, was obstructed by
a sand bar, frequently without any water over it.
Since the construction of the piers, a channel not
less than 10 feet deep has been ootained. The
west pier is 1,587 feet long, the east pier is 1,400
feet long, and the least distance between them 130
feet.
"The works were commenced in 1826, and
were continued, with small annual appropriations,
until the last appropriation of >1838, at which time
the total amount appropriated was #40,773. I
have on more than one occasion remarked that se-
rious amounts of these appropriations were not
applied to the extension of the works, but to re-
pair damages and injuries from storms, and from
the decay of timber used at early periods. Some
work had been done at this harbor by private en-
terprise before it was taken in hand by the United
States in 1826; and, on looking into the history of
"the work, 1 find that in 1831,#1,428 were required
to repair this old work."
In 1836, it is stated "That the appropriation of
#6,700 was exclusively for repairs, and was nearly
all applied this season."
In 1837, it was stated, " duringthis season, 290
feet of pier work, greatly decayed, had been taken
down below low-water mark, and rebuilt with
wood and stone, and nearly all planked over; 60
feet of the east pier was also taken up and re-
newed, being in process of decay."
In 1838, 131 feet was removed above water, and
refilled with stone during the season," and a new
pile engine was constructed.
The same history shows that by the 31st of
March, 1839, #13,256 of the amounts appropriated
for this harbor had been expended " wholly on re-
pairs"—about one-third of the whole amount ap-
propriated.
These details are given to correct the erroneous
impressions about the length of pier-work erected
in proportion to the total amount appropriated.
The history of each work exhibits similar facts.
They will also serve to show how great would be
the economy of substituting for the parts above
water of the piers, material of a more durable
character than that generally used, as soon as the
crib-work has acquired its permanent set.
Huron river has about six miles of good navi-
gation from its mouth. Formerly, it was entered
only by lighters; now, first class steamers can pass
in.
1845. "Since, the last annual report, the re-
pairs of the west pier at this place have been com-
pleted. At two places the work was so far de-
cayed that it was found necessary to take it up
from two to four feet below the water line, and to
entirely rebuild it. The pier was then raised one
course of timber throughout its whole length
(1,350 feet) new snubbing posts put in, and new
planked throughout. This pier is now in a per-
fectly good condition."
The timber of the east pier is so far decayed
that it requires a thorough repairing. An estimate
for that purpose is herewith submitted, and also
an estimate for dredging the channel between the
piers to the depth of twelve feet.
In the last annual report, an estimate was sub-
mitted for extending the piers at the harbor to
fifteen feet water. This was thought necessary, to
get rid of the shoal lying just within the mouth of
the entrance, on which there is but nine feet water.
" As there is no perceptible change in this shoal
since last year, I have come," says the engineer,
" to the conclusion that the shoal was formed two
years ago, when there was a breach in the east
pier, and that it was a consequence of that breach,
and that an extension would not cause the current
to remove it; and, therefore, that there is no ne-
cessity for a further extension.of these piers.
" The inner end of the east pier is so far decayed
that the sand from behind it is constantly washing
through, and filling up the channel. This is a se-
rious evil, and the difficulty will be constantly in-
creasing until the pier is repaired."
Appropriations were made for this work in the
years 1826, '28, '29, '30, '31, '82, '34, '36,'37,
'38, '44, amounting to #45,773 71.
The amount proposed in the bill will be sufficient
for the present fiscal year.
Line 56. Harbor of Sandusky, Lake Erie.
In reference to this harbor, it is 3aid in the re-
port of 1844:
" The entrance to Sandusky bay or haijjor, is
about ten miles west of Huron. The bay is very
large, with a prevailing depth of twelve feet; but
not more than ten feet (low water) can be counted
upon to enter the bay, by reason of a shoal inside.
The channel to pass this shoal is not intricate, but
is rather dangerous at night, during snow storms
or in foggy weather, because of its distance from
landmarks. It should be carefully marked out
with slender piles on one side of it, not exceeding
six inches in diameter, and not more than about
fifty feet apart; so that a vessel would always ob-
tain sight of one by the time the sight of the other
was lost. I do not at present think that dredging
would be of any great advantage here, and there-
fore do not recommend it. The most dangerous
parts of r.he entrance are on the bars outside, over
which not more than ten feet water (low water)
can be counted upon. The best passage out is
nearly in a direct line, northeast from the deep
water off Cedar Point. Also, after leaving this
point astern about four hundred feet, there is
another passage due east, which, after going about
thirteen hundred feet, leads into thirteen feet water,
from whence there is no impediment to the lake.
These channels, however, require to be marked
out; but, from the shoalness of the ^passages, it is
evident they cannot be attempted in bad weather,
the breakers being very violent over the bars.
The dredging of a passage over these bars has
been suggested; but, doubting the durability of
any useful result from such a process, or of a
utility in any just proportion to the cost of such
work in' so exposed a position, the plan is not
recommended.
" The entrance to the bay is formed by Cedar
Point on the east, and Peninsula Point on the
west, distant about one thousand feet from each
other; but the deep water of the entrance is im-
mediately adjacent to Cedar Point. From some
cause the force of the current is thrown against
this latter point; in passing which, the force is
such that the depth of the channel, abreast the
point, is thirty-six feet, and is fourteen feet deep
to a distance of nine hundred feet into the lake,
and twelve to a distance of eleven hundred feet
into the bay. For one hundred feet further, in
the same direction, it is nine feet deep; from'
whence, to eleven feet water into the harbor, there
is a sand bar, six hundred feet wide in that di-
rection, with no more than four feet water over
it. Vessels entering the harbor have to take a cir-
cuitous direction, in order to avoid this bar, and
to insure a depth of ten feet. The best place to
dredge inside would probably be in the direction
just indicated, of six hundred feet across this bar.
But dredging at this place is not recommended,
because it is believed the effects of dredging would-
be rather temporary, unless the passage outside
were previously modified and improved; and,
moreover, the dredging inside should be conse-
quent upon this modification, as the latter m%ht
change the line proper to be dredged, or even ren-
der any cfredging unnecessary.
"That the entrance outside can be improved
and a safe, wide, and convenient passage to the
deep water of the lake be obtained, I have not the
least doubt; and when the vast importance of this
