788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
this case there were specifications which, in the
cases referred to by him, it was objected had not
been made. It had been objected on this occasion
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
did not impute criminality; that he did not charge
that what had been done had been improperly
done—done in the dark. He (Mr. B.) thought
that the gentleman had pursued the right and proper
course. That gentleman, as a member oithis
grand inquest, suspecting malfeasance on the part
of this officer, demanded an investigation, and he
did not choose to make charges until he had as-
certained whether they were well founded. This
he (Mr. B.) held to be the proper course towards
Mr. Ewing and the country. And when gentle-
men of so much respectability as the gentleman
from Illinois, offered resolutions of this sort, it
was due to all parties that the case should be in-
vestigated.
Mr. BAKER (interposing, and Mr. Bayly
yielding the floor) said: The gentleman stated
that gentlemen on the other side of the House as-
serted, that there was no charge of criminality.
Now he (Mr. B.) would like to be infoimed,
whether all the facts set forth in these resolutions
might not be true, and yet nothing of criminality
be attached toUhem ?
Mr. McCLTlTTKAMD desired the permission of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] to put
a question to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Baker.]
Mr. BAYLY again yielded the floor.
Mr. McCLERNAND desired to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Baker,] whether, upon
an investigation, it lisight not be found necessary
to make some law to prevent the recurrence of
•what had been done, although v?hat had been done
might not be criminal ?
Mr. BAKER said, that was possible.
Mr. BAYLY resumed the floor.
Mr. CARTTER asked the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to yield, to allow him (Mr. C.) to put a ques-
tion to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Baker.1
Mr. BAYLY again yielded.
Mr. CARTTER desired to inquire of the gentle-
man from Illinois, which of the two was the most
proper tribunal to ascertain the truth—the party
implicated in the blunder or the fraud, or the com-
mittee of this House?
Mr. BAKER. I do not think that any gentleman
would be a lit member of such a tribunal, who de-
sired an investigation without daring to make the
charge of crime upon anybody's knowledge or
responsibility.
Mr. BAYLY now resumed the floor. The
concluding objection (he said) to the course pur-
sued by the gentleman from Illinois, was that
taken upon the strength of the constitutional pro-
vision by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs.] He (Mr. B.) thought it was likely
that if the gentleman from Illinois should go to the
Department of the Interior, and say that he had
come there to obtain information which would con-
vict the Secretary upon certain criminal charges
imputed to him, he would throw himself upon
his constitutional rights. This would be all irreg-
ular. And he considered that the course sug-
gested by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Gentry] was altogether irregular. Here this offi-
cer was arraigned. The fact was before them; and
the present proposition was made that the officer
should be allowed to make his defence in advance
—a defence hefoie there had been an inquiry. In
his (Mr. B.'s) opinion it would be sufficient for
him to make a defence when a substantive accu-
sation had been made. He held that it would be
wholly ineguljr to institute any diiect criminatm"
proceeding until a committee should have been
raised to inquire into the facts. It might be that
the committee would acquit Mr. Ewing. He
(Mr. B.) was free to say that he believed such
would be the result of the investigation. He had
known that gentleman long—he had known him
intimately well. His impressions toward him in
his private capacity were favorable. As a public
man, it was well known that his impressions were
of a very different description. He (J\lr. B ) did
not know that anything was to come out of this
investigation. If Mr. Ewing was innocent, as he
(Mr. B.) thought he probably was, it was due to
him that the committee should acquit Inm.
Mr. CONRAD desired to ask a question of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. BAYLY yielded the floor.
Mr. CONRAD. The gentleman speaks of an
aquittal by the committee. But how can the com-
mittee acquit the Secretary under these resolu-
tions? Does the gentleman mean to say, that it
is a crime in the Secretary to allow a claim which
has been disallowed ? Does the gentleman mean
to say that a crime is charged of which the
committee can either acquit of condemn him ?
And if so, would not the same rule apply to com-
mittees of this House which frequently allow
claims which have been previously refused ?
Mr. BAYLY replied that the criminality of the
act depended not solely upon the act itself, but
upon other circumstances. He knew that some-
times judges of courts reversed the decisions of
their predecessors of the same rank, but never
except in a clear case of error. He did not mean to
assert that the fact of Mr. Ewing's having allowed
a claim which had been previously disallowed
would be criminal. He thought it probable that
the decision in some cases might be right. In
one case he thought it was right.' But in other
instances there might have been circumstances at-
tending the reversal which demanded an investi-
gation.
But for the interruptions which had taken place,
he should before this hf,ve closed his remarks.
He did not think that proof was necessary to au-
thorize the appointment of this committee. A
member of this grand inquest had demanded an
investigation. It was his right so to do. And it
was the duty of this House to make it.
Mr. CONRAD. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] state what the claim was to
which he alluded, as having been properly al-
lowed ?
Mr. BAYLY said he did not acknowledge the
right of the gentleman to interrosate him. If the
gentleman desired an answer for his private in-
formation, he (Mr. B.) would give it with great
pleasure.
M>. GlDDIiN'GS said he did not view the sub-
ject in the light suggested by either side of the
House. He could see no charge of corruption, of
official turpitude in the resolutions of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.] It was a
charge of " improper expenditure of the public
funds " A charge of the most common charac-
ter. One which has been made against most of
our public officers and against every Administra-
tion. This expenditure's one over which we
have unlimited control. The people have an in-
disputable right to know how their fnnds are
expended. It is also pioperthat the strictest scru-
tiny should be had into the conduct of the admin-
istrative department of the Government touching
all expenditures of the public money. So im-
portant was this practice regarded, that as early
as 1814 this House adopted as one of its standing
rules that a committee on public expenditures
shall be appointed at the commencement of each
Congress. From that period to the present, all
charges of this character have been referred as a
matter of course. He thought this imputation
upon the Secretary of the Interior should take the
ordinary course, and go to that committee. It was
merely a charge of an ordinary character, and it
should take the same course of other charges of
the same kind. He proposed this as a friend to the
officer charged, and as a friend to the public. He
had no party feelings to gratify. Ke thought the
imputation demanded the most open, frank, and
unlimited investigation; and surely no friend of
the Administration would object to it in the ordi-
nary mode.
Mr. G. repeated that such improper payment
bore with it no corruption. If it did, perhaps
every Secretary of the Treasury that has gone be-
fore us might be convicted. He recollected one
who took up a large class of chums which had
been rejected by his predecessor, and allowed
many thousands of dollars before he became con-
scious of his error; but when fully informed on
the subject, he rejected all that < lass which re-
mained, and no one supposed for a moment that
he had been actuated by corrupt motives.
Mr. G. said he would prefer that the power to
send for persons and papers were omitted, for the
reason that the practice had not been to givr that
power to any committee until they had requested
it. If the comnjittce themselves should ask it he
would vote for it: but this was a point on which
he felt great indifference, and would leave it en- !
tirely with the mover of the resolutions; he would
himself make no motion on that point. Mr. G.
then moved a reference of the whole subject to
the Committee on Public Expenditures.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I had intended to move
an inquiry upon the general subject under con-
sideration some days ago, and advised with the
chairman of the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures and others, as to the committee to which the
subject should be referred. There was, at that
time, a division of opinion upon the question of
reference; some gentleman suggested the Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures, others the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and others a special com-
mittee. I do not think it very important what
committee is selected, so that the inquiry be made.
I will, therefore, vote for the special committee
proposed by my colleague, [Mr. Richardson,]
or any other appropriate committee.
Gentleme'n on the other side have pursued a
very extraordinary course upon this question.
How stands the case? A few days ago the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] objected to
the inquiry because of its phraseology; the objec-
tion was, that it prejudged the case by an implica- '
tion. My colleague, in a spirit of fairness and ac-
commodation, has since divested the resolutions
of that objection, if m truth they were liable to the
objection. And what now? Now the gentleman
objects, because, as he alleges, the charges con-
tained in the resolutions are not vouched for by a
responsible author. The ground of objection is
changed. When one objection no longer avails,
another is resorted to. Why is this?
Mr. TOOMBS (interposing) said he had not at
that time had the opportunity of making a speech,
but in the remark winch he had made out of order,
he had expressly stated that he objected to the
resolutions, both on account of their phraseology
and their substance. And he did not choose, Be-
cause he thought proper to give that reason,
instantly, out of order, to be charged with having
changed his ground. He had nothing more to do
with the question thpn the gentleman from Illinois
had. He stood by the rights of the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I want to know wheth-
er the gentleman confined his objection to the
form of the resolution, or objected also to the sub-
stance?
Mr. TOOMBS. I objected to both.
Mr. McCLERNAND. Well, if the gentleman
says so, very well. The gentleman's vehemence,
however, will not deter me from the course of re-
mark I see fit to make. The question, then, comes
to this: are not the chargesof sufficient importance
to be made the subject of investigation and report?
Are tliey irresponsibly made ? Are they intrinsi-
cally insignificant? I think not. My colleague
has moved the inquiry—he has moved it upon
what he considers lehable information—he has
moved it, believing, as he has said, the truth of
the charges forming the subject of inquiry. He is
responsible as a man—he is responsible as a Rep-
resentative. Is not this enough ? If there was
no doubt of the guilt of the Secretary, there would
be no occasion for the inquiry. It is precisely
because these charges have been made, and are
believed by some persons, that an inquiry is ne-
cessary; not only for the vindication of the Secre-
tary if he be innocent, but also for the protection
of the public interests if he be guilty. Is not this
enough ? What more can be reasonably asked ?
But are not the charges, if true, sufficiently im-
portant to justify and demand investigation ? I
maintain that they are. What are the charges?
Generally stated, they amount to about this—that
the Secretary has overturned the decisions of his
predecessors, long acquiesced in, and reopened
and allowed large claims without legal authority,
and in fact contraiy to law. Another charge is,
that he has usurped or exeinsed authonty m the
appointment of cltrks m the Pension and General
Land Office, which d.d not belong to hun; and it
is further alleged that these acts have been per-
formed under circumstances implying corrupt mo-
tives on th? part of some of the parties or agents
concerned in them. I know nothing of the eor-
lectncss of these charges in their application to
the allowance of claims, and therefore assert noth-
ing pro or con on that point; but I do know that,
if tiue, they afford serious cause of complaint
against the Secretary—that they afford exigent
cause for immediate and effectual interposition to
arrest.what is criminal and to protect the public
