1850.
JHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
bay is considered, in its commercial, military, and
naval bearings, it is also a point well deserving
of the expense which a judicious improvement of
the entrance would occasion.
" I am not now prepared to submit a plan and
estimate, because the survey lately made has not
yet been sent in.
" The facts in reference to this entrance, just
Stated, are taken from a very minute and excellent
survey made by Captain G. Graham, in 1826.
Those of the survey of last summer will show if
any serious changes have occurred—matter essen-
tial to know before any judicious plan or sound
estimate can be made.
" Peninsula Point is the extremity of a long
narrow bank of sand, extending from the land
forming the western boundary of the bay to the
east, ft is not a high bank anywhere, but being
deprived of its timber and undergrowth near the
land, the sand thus exposed, drying and blowing
away, ceased to be an adequate barrier to the sea,
which broke through it a few years since,•grad-
ually widening and deepening a passage in that
direction. During the inspection tour of last sea-
son, it was found to be about thirteen hundred
feet wide, seven feet deep in the deepest parts, and
was gradually wearing away the peninsula, now
an island, and endangering the existence of the
entrance heretofore described. The island is low
in several places, the sea passing over at these
parts during heavy gales. It is essential to the
preservation of this entrance that the breach should
be closed, and the island be protected at the low
places just alluded to; and, in reference to the
island, it is essential that the General or State
Government should have a control over it, so as
to prevent the removal of the timber and brush-
wood now growing there."
In the report of 1845, it is stated:
" The appropriation for this harbor was intended
to close a breach which had been made by the sea
through the long, narrow neck of sand called
' Peninsula Point,' which, for a distance of a mile
and a half, forms the outer shore of the harbor,
and separates it from the lake.
" This breach has a mean depth of six and a
half feet, and is one thousand three hundred and
fifty-four feet wide, through which the water flows
freely back and forth between the lake and the
bay—the direction and force of the current de-
pending on "the wind. Unless this breach is closed
and the peninsula protected, there seems no reason
to doubt that the whole will be washed away, and
leave the harbor entirely unprotected against the
north and northeast winds
"As a preliminary step, it was found necessary
to protect the sides of the breach to prevent its
widening, and also to put down a narrow crib-
work at two places (one two hundred feet long and
one one hundred feet long) on the peninsula, when
it was so low that there was danger of new
breaches being made. The length of crib-work
put in during the last season, for these purposes,
is, on the west side of the breach, seven hundred
and thirty-six feet, and on the east side, six hun-
dred and twelve feet. Nine hundred and eighty-
six feet of this crib-work is only six feet wide,
and placed on dry land on each side of the
breach and on the peninsula, to prevent the breach
from widening or new breaches from being formed.
Besides the crib-work, the shanties, carpenter's
shop, scows, boats, machinery, and tools have
been built and purchased at a cost of $4,516 10
" In addition to the work done, a quantity of tim-
ber has been purchased sufficient to construct the
crib-work entirely across the breach. These op-
erations have so nearly exhausted the funds on
hand, that nothing furthercan.be done until an-
other appropriation is made.
" We have no exact account of the commerce
of this place, but it is very considerable, and con-
stantly and rapidly increasing. Two important
railroads diverge from Sandusky city into the in-
terior of the State—one connecting it with Cincin-
nati; all of which is now under contract, and will
be completed during the coming year."
And in a special report from this office, dated
20th May, 1846, the survey, plan and estimate for
the improvementof the harboraregiven. The esti-
mate amounts to $296,35265. Theamount proposed
in the bill will besufficientforthepresentfiscalyear.
Line 58. Harbor of Monroe, Lake Erie
The report of 1844, in speaking of this harbor,
says:
" This harbor is situated at the western extrem-
ity of Lake Erie, about 40 miles northwestwardly
from Sandusky, and 30 miles southwestwardly
from the mouth of Detroit river.
" The object of the work was to connect the
deep water of river Raisin by a direct communica-
tion with the lake, its naturnl outlet being over a
shallow and extensive sand bar, 6,290 feet wide.
It was a substitute for the imperfect entrance from
Pleasant bay, and resorted to as a more economi-
cal plan, and one more certain of success than
that of improving the pass into the bay. Before
the construction of the work, the passage into the
river was about three feet deep. Since then, the pas-
sage between the piers has been ten feet dee[5.
This harbor is the outlet of an important river,
possessing great hydraulic power, and running
about 130 miles through the Slate, (Michigan,)
watering an extremely fertile country, with many
important towns upon its banks, such as Monroe,
Dundee, Petersburg, Blissfield, Palmyra, Adrian,
Tecumseh, Clinton,and Manchester. The south-
ern railroad, a State work, terminates at Monroe,
a work intended to connect with New Buffalo, on
Lake Michigan. Some idea may be derived of
the vast advantages of these harbor improvements
by the following extract from the agent's report:
" ' Up to the last-named date, (1835,) the river
' Raisin being, in consequence of the bar men-
' tioned, inaccessible, the harbor within it was
' useless, and a substitute for present convenience
' used in La Plaisance bay. The commerce was
' limited to the difficult importation of a few tons
'of merchandise,with no exports worth mention-
' ins;. The country from the lake back, embra-
' cing the whole southern district of Michigan, was
' a wilderness owned by the Government of the
' United States, and the site of the present city of
' Monroe occupied by a population of about 500,
' an office for the sale of Government lands had
'just been located here, and a few sales made.'
" But the prospects opened by the first appro-
priation in 1835, appear to have commenced a
new era in the affairs of this district, and in its
commercial advantages. Sales of the public lands
instantly commenced, and were made with a ra-
pidity theretofore unexampled, and up to the year
1838, no less than 3,000,000 acres had been entered
by individuals, for which the sum of $3,750,000
had been added to the public revenue for those
three years.
" The State of Michigan, relying, it would
seem, on the completion of the work, has, by a
law, directed the construction of their southern
railroad, which is completed from the harbor of
the river Raisin to the county 3eat of Hillsdale
county, about seventy miles, at a cost of about
$1,000,000, and will probably be carried to Lake
Michigan. In 1834, the population of the whole
southern tier of counties, depending on this har-
bor, may be stated at 4,500 souls; in 1844, they
cannot amount to less than 75,000. The newly
and but partially opened part of the river Raisin
is now the point of a very active business in the
importation of merchandise necessary to supplv
the fine country brought into cultivation and oc-
cupation by the fostering care of the Government,
and the exportation of its large products. The
southern State railroad, as appears from official
statement, is becoming lucrative to the State, and
has, within the last four years, nearly quadrupled
its business. Monroe, a flourishing town situated
at the harbor of the river Raisin, has rapidly in-
creased in population and commerce, and several
steamboats and schooners are now owned at this
point. Accompanying is a statement of the ship-
ments since 1st May, 1844, to the 1st day of Sep-
tember, 1844.''
The papers referred to in this extract from the
collector of the port, give, for the entries of the
sejen months of 1844, 7,600 tons; and of exports
57,000 barrels of flour, 137,000 bushels of wheat,
3,000 casks of potash, 1,000 barrels of pork, and
600 barrels of seed. j
The work has been costly, in comparison with [
many others; as, in addition to the piers extended j
into the lake, it has been really the construction I
of a ship canal through a sand beach and a diffi-
cult marsh. Its cost, not including the appropri- i
ation of last year, is $90,000. j
Appropriations for this were made during the years
1835, '36, '37, '38, '44, amounting to $110,000. !
The amount proposed in the bill, it is believed, \
will complete the works at this place. j
Line 60. Dredge boat for Lake Erie.
In reference to this measure, I beg leave to refer
to the remarks of this report, on line 29 of the
bill.
Line 62. Harbor at Michigan City.
The following description of this harbor is taken
from the report of 1844:
" This harbor is situated at the lower end of
he lake, on its southeastern coast, and is about"
hirty-five miles south of St Joseph. It is essen-
tial to the commerce of the lakes. Vessels driven
by north and northwest gales, failing to find shel-
ter there, inevitably go ashore, as is attested by
yearly and melancholy instances of loss of life and
property, so frequent as to have obtained for this
part of the lake coast the appellation of the ' Coast
of Bones.'
" The stream at this place is small, and before
the works were erected, had rarely a passage into
the lake of more than two feet deep, and was fre-
quently completely closed. Since the piers have
been put up, and limited as is their extent, there
has been always about five feet of water between
them. No doubt is entertained that the extension
of these piers and dredging would insure an ade-
quate depth; but the narrowness of the entrance
would still deprive it of its important considera-
tion as a port of refuge; a consideration too essen-
tial to the general commerce of the lakes to be
lost sight of. On this account, a different plan
will have to be adopted than that of merely ex-
tending the piers. The plan now alluded to was
brought by the bureau to the attention of the de-
partment, when the project for improving this
harbor was first agitated, but it was not then
adopted. It was to protect the mouth of the en-
trance, and to afford a shelter for vessels in storms
by a suitable crib-work breakwater, placed in the
offing. The only modification which, after care-
ful inspection of that place during the last season,
is now proposed, is to connect one of the piers of
the present entrance with that breakwater by a
suitable open bridge pier. This last is a cheap
kind of structure, frequently adopted for quiet
weather landings on the lake, but will be very
efficient and of great use under the protection of,
and connected with the proposed breakwater.
The breakwater should not be less than 2,000 feet
long, should be placed in not less than eighteen
feet water, should be one connected line, curved,
however, and presenting its convex-face to the
lake; and should have substantial pier-heads. It
must be built strong, otherwise it will soon be
knocked to pieces, and its whole expense be lost.
This lake is not only boisterous in its character,
but Michigan City is on the lee shore of prevailing
winds, where the surf is extremely violent.
" The present work consists of two parallel piers
100 feet apart, the western 650 feet, and the eastern
800 feet long. Of the former, 109 feet require
leveling timbers, and 147 feet to be planked; of the
latter, 212 feet require leveling timbers, and nearly
the whole of it to be planked. These piers have
withstood the action of the Lake without serious
damage. The water at the end of the west pier
is eight feet deep, and at the end of the east 10£
feet; between the piers, the depth is 5 feet into the
creek harbor. Outside of the piers there are two
sand bars; one with six feet over it; the other, the
furthest out, about500 feet in advance of the work,
has about nine feet over it. The bottom between
the piers is a blue clay, covered in places with a
foot or two of sand. This sand removed..;i chan-
nel can be dredged through the clay, which will
in all probability be durable.
The space between the piers being rather lim-
ited, and the interior river basin small, a larsre
column of water cannot be thrown in from the
lake; and the stream being small, the water
which it throws into the lake is insufficient to
scour between the piers. A remedy could be had
by the enlargement of the interior basin, when
the flux and reflux of the lake waier would act
effectively upon the passage between the piers.
Such a basin would also much increase the com-
mercial facilities of the harbor."
Appropriations were made in its favor during
the years 1836, '37, '38, '44, amounting to $135,-
733 59.
The amount now proposed in the bill is suffi-
cient for the present fiscal year.
Line 65. Harbor at Chicago, Lake Michigan.
This notorious and important harbor has been
so frequently and so fully described, that additional
