1580.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1W
interests. Does anybody deny this? Who has
ventured to deny it? No one.
But it is said that these charges rest upon news-
paper and other authority, denominated irrespon-
sible, and therefore are not worthy of consider-
ation. I have already said that they rest, for the
purposes of inquiry, upon the high and responsible
authority of my colleague. But suppose they do
rest upon unofficial authority, does it therefore
follow that they do not rest upon credible author-
ity? Not at all. I might inquire, why do the
friends of the Secretary object upon technical
grounds ? Why have they not denied these charges?
Why have they not challenged an investigation ?
Are gentlemen afraid to do so?
Mr. BAKER. Do I understand my colleague
to say that he does not understand any gentleman
on this side of the House to protest that Mr.
Ewing is innocent?
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not understand
that any gentleman on that side has denied his
guilt.
Mr. BAKER. We do not understand that any
gentleman on that side of the House charges Mr.
Esving with being guilty.
Mr. McCLERNANib. That is the very point
I make. 1 do not charge him with guilt in regard
to the. claims alleged to be allowed, because! do
not know that they have been allowed 
Mr. BAKER, (in his seat.) Why, then, do
you propose an investigation ?
Mr. McCLERNAND (continuing his sentence)
but J ask gentlemen why they shrink from an in-
vestigation which will determine whether he has
allowed them—which will dissipate, all doubt?
Does the gentleman deny that the Secretary has
allowed them ?
But, sir, I recur to another point, which does
not rest upon what gentlemen denominate hearsay,
but upon what I believe to be undeniable fact.
One of the resolutions under consideration con-
tains the charge that the Secretary has usurped
authority not belonging to him; that he has wrested
from the Commissioner of the General Land Office
the power to appoint clerks in that office, and that
he has appropriated the exercise of that power to
to himself. Is this true? I challenge a denial.
I put the question to gentlemen on the other
side, Has the Secretary of the interior exercised
the power in question or not ?
Mr. BAKER. What power ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. The power of appoint-
ing clerks in the General Land Office.
The SPEAKER,(to Mr. McClernand.) Does
the gentleman from Illinois yield the floor to his
colleague?
Mr. McCLERNAND. 'Yes, if he will reply
specifically.
Mr. BAKER. I reply specifically that, if the
gentleman thinks he has, let the House inquire of
him by resolution, and he will give ns the facts.
Mr. McCLERNAND. That is a virtual ad-
mission that the Secretary of the Interior has exer-
cised that power. I take it for granted not only
from the fact that it is the general opinion in this
city, but because gentlemen on the other side of
the House do not deny that he has exercised it.
Predicating, then, this as a certainty, what fol-
lows? The act establishing the General Land
Office, approved April 25, 1812, provides in its 12th
section as follows: " That the Commissioner of
the General Land Office shall be authorized to*em-
ploy a sufficient numberof clerks," &c. The act
to reorganize the Land Office, approved July 4, |
1836, provides that the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office " shall be authorized to employ
for the service of the General Land Office " a corps
of clerks, draughtsmen, and other subordinates,
enumerating the numbering and salaries of each
class. Such is the law. What, now, has been
the practice under the law ? Before the present
Administration was installed in power the ques-
tion, as 1 understand, had been referred to the At-
torney General, whether the power of appointing
these subordinates belonged to the Commissioner
or to the Secretary of the Treasury, who was then
the head of the Land Office, or to the President;
and the decision was, that the power belonged to
the Commissioner. At least, I repeat that I have
been so informed. Then here, upon the case
stated, is an open violation of law, and the usurpa-
tion of the prerogative of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. Does anybody deny this ?
And why this usurpation ? It is well known that
the Secretary is no despiser of the advantages of
patronage; that he is no mincer in the use of it.
His history would probably answer that he seized
this patronage the better to enable him to feed the
hungry rapacity of the howling throng of office-
seekers who infest this capital. How else are we
to account for so extraordinary and unwarrantable
an act ?
Again: if it be true that the Secretary has re-
opened old and obsolete claims, and paid large
amounts of interest upon them, where there was
no specific authority of law for the payment, he
has also in this particular violated law and
squandered away the public money. I hold
it to be a maxim, that interest does not run
against the sovereign or the Government, where it
is not expressly stipulated for, and such has been
the rule practiced upon by our Government, ex-
cept in particular cases, forming an exception to
the general rule. The Secretary, therefore, if he
has paid interest without express authority of
law, has not only done so contrary to law, but has
overturned law—he has substituted his official
dictum for a maxim—a well established maxim of
law applicable to government. Is it to be said that
the Secretary acted innocently but erroneously?
This apology will scarcely be ventured, for it
would jmply a degree of ignorance incompatible^
with the character of the Secretary, and but little
more pardonable, except in the motive, than will-
ful malfeasance. It is better to believe that he is
innocent until the contrary is proved; and to this
presumption he is entitled for the present. I ac-
cord it to him in its full extent.
But why should gentlemen object now to inves-
tigation for light and technical reasons, when it
was only a few days ago they voted a similar in-
vestigation in regard to the Secretary of War? In
that case rumor charged that the Secretary of War
had obtained the allowance of a large claim, by
the Treasury Department, in which he was inter-
ested, after the claim had been previously rejected
by the late Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. Walker.
The Secretary of War did not wait for an investi-
gation to be moved here; he heard of the rumor,
and at once requested the House to raise a com-
mittee to investigate the subject. This was done
at his instance, upon rumors totally unvouched
here, and the committee are now engaged m the
service assigned to them. Why has not the Sec-
retary of the Interior done the same? Why do
his political friends here resist investigation, and
that too after the organ of the Administration, the
Republic newspaper, has challenged investigation?
Why this concurrence in investigation in one case
and resistance in another? Let it be explained.
It is at Iea3t due to gentlemen on the other side
that they should explain their inconsistency. Let
us have light—let us have the truth—let us probe
the matter totheboitom; weowe this to the body of
which we are members, which is the purse-keeper
under the Constitution, and which is alone of all
the departments of the Government immediately
elected by the people, and immediately responsi-
ble to them. Nothing short of this will be satis-
factory to the country—nothing short of this
ought to be satisfactory io the Secretary.
Sir. EVANS, of Maryland, appealed to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] as—it
being petition day—gentlemen on his side of the
House had given their assent to the introduction
out of order of his [Mr. R. 's] resolution under the
idea that it could be amended, and as the amend-
ments proposed had been ruled out of order—that
the gentleman agree, and that the unanimous con-
sent of the House be given to him [Mr. R.] to
accept of his (Mr. E.'s) amendment as a modifi-
cation of the resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON replied that he would state
to the gentleman, that so long as he remained in
this House he would not again consent to bring in
any proposition by means of a bargain wiih gen-
tlemen. He regretted that he had not this morn-
ing moved to suspend the rules for the reception
of his resolutions independently of any under-
standing on the part of gentlemen, that he might
have presented them to the House untrammelled
by any other resolutions whatever. He could not
consent to mix up any other proposition with
those contained in his resolutions.
Mr. BAYLY begged leave to say to the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] that, notwith-
standing the objections to his [Mr. E.'s] resolu-
tion on account of its vagueness, if the gentleman
would move for a separate committer he (Mr. B.)
would vote for it.
Mr. EVANS said he did not see why a-sepa-
rate committee was necessary. *He was perfectly
willing to refer these subjects to one committee. ,
Mr. BAYLY. If the gentleman's amendment
is added the committee will not be able to report
during the present session of Congress.
Mr. EVANS. If there should be two commit-
tees I doubt whether they would be able to report
during this session; and I do not see why eighteen
persons instead of nine persons should be bur-
dened, embarrassed, trammelled with the business.
The committee of nine would be appointed by the
Chair, in whom and in whose appointments he
had confidence, and he ventured to say they would
be able to investigate all the proposed subjects of
inquiry with about as much expedition as they
could a part only, and more appropriately than to
have the subject divided out among more members.
Mr. E. further pressed his appeal to Mr. R. to
accept his amendment; and a brief conversation
arose between the two gentlemen, in which Mr.
Root also participated.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said: The
remarks which have fallen from the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] must convince
every member of this House that the object ha
has in v.iew is confusion. He evidently wishes to
evade the inquiry. His proposed enlargementjof
the investigation will carry us so far into this mat-
ter as to piesent a task which it is not probable
any committee will undertake to perform. I am
constrained, therefore, to doubt his sincerity. I
cannot believe he is sincere in desiring any part or
parcel of this investigation. He makes a mere
parliamentary ruse to extenuate a vote which he
intends to give.
If, however, he be sincere, he should make his
eharges specific—not to insinuate fraud, defalca-
tion, corruption, in general terms; but to specify
the case—to be as definite, at all events, as the
original resolution of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson.]
But the conduct of the officials proposed by
him to be investigated, is no longer a subject de-
manding of this House or this Congress imme-
diate and pressing action. Our power is limited
to a preferment of articles of impeachment. The
penalty of being found guilty extends only to a
removal from office and an incapacity to hold
office. If there were any derelictions by the
former high functionaries, similar to those now
intimated, it was the duty of the last Congress to
have exposed them to the country. Nothing now
discovered can prevent abuses; moreover, all the
papers, correspondence, and accounts, are now in
the hands and keeping of their political opponents.
They have the power, and I cannot doubt their
disposition to expose and to make known every-
thing. An investigation now into the official con-
duct of the members of the past Administration,
without a showing of probable cause of corrup-
tion, is unnecessary and profitless. Butstill 1 say
to the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,]
that if he will make his charges specific—if he
wishes to inquire into any named special case, de-
cided by any public officer at any time heretofore,
and will move for a committee, I will not refuse
it to him—on the contrary, I will vote for it.
But the objection urged to the resolutions of the
gentleman from Illinois is, thatthe Secretary of the
Intenor is charged with no guilt, charged with no
particular official corruption. Nothing; in my
estimation, would be more improper. The very
point in the inquiry is, whether the Secretary <•{
the Interior has been guilty of corruption in cer-
tain specified official transactions. Guilt is not
assumed, but a well-founded belief is entertained
and expressed, that his conduct needs explana-
tion. Such is my opinion.
Let roe take the first case, and present the facts
as they are represented to me. The Messrs.
Ewings had a claim before the Indian Bureau
during the last Administration. They had their
attorneys, and pressed its allowance. It was re-
jected, after argument, by the proper officers.
'After exhausting all their means to obtain the
amount they claimed from the executive officers,
they appealed to Congress; and I have the joint
resolution in my hand, reported by General Atch-
ison of the Senate, on January 8, 1849, the
chairman at that time, I believe, of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, which was intended to pro-
