mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 20,
remarks in relation to it would probably now be
considered superfluous.
Appropriations have been made in its favor for
the years 1833, '34, '35, '36, '37, '38, '43, '44,
amounting to $247,691.
The amount proposed in the bill is^sufficient for
the present fiscal year.
Lme 66. Harbor of Waukegan on Lake Michi-
gan.
This is the work previously known under the
name of Little Fort, and for which no appropria-
tions have been heretofore made. A special report
was made in reference to it from this office on tne
6th March last.
Line 68. Harbor of St. Joseph, on Lake Mich-
igan.
The report of 1844, in speaking of this harbor,
states:
"The St. Joseph's river is an important stream,
having about sixty miles of navigation for small
steamboats from its mouth, and extending far into
the interior, with many clever towns upon its bor-
ders. The State of Mich'gan is now constructing
•a railroad from Detroit to the mouth of this river,
which is completed to the town of Marshall, one
hundred and ten miles from Detroit, and is being
rapidly made the rest of the distance, over which
there is a regular daily lme of stages connecting
with a steamboat line which crosses the lake daily
to Chicago.
"There are ten counties of Michigan and Indi-
ana with hardly an acre of unproductive land, the
produce of which has to find its outlet at the mouth
of this river; and I have already stated that the
Central Railroad from Detroit is to terminate there.
A few yeas since, its exports and imports were
comparatively nothing; now the export of flour
alone exceeds one hundred thousand bnrrels year-
!y, with a fair proportion of other products. It
cannot fail to become an important place, probably
second only to Chicago, on this lake.
. " The works here were commenced in 1836, and
continued to 1838, under annual appropriations,
when an amount of$86,113 had been appropriated.
The work was then suspended, with other worKs,
but \&as recommenced in 1843, with an appropri-
ation of §25.000, and continued by another in
1844 of |20,000, making the total amounts appro-
priated up to this day equal to $131,113.
" The construction of the piers at this place
Has been attended with great difficulties. Lying
on the eastern coast of the lake, exposed to severe
and frequeut storms from the northwest, and a
heavy surf, which at such times heats upon this
coast with great violence, obstructing the placing
of cribs, and knocking them to pieces before they
can be sufficiently secured. The piers are two
hundred and fifty feet apart, and they have already
added much to the security of what was before a
difficult, and at times an impracticable entrance.
" Since the report of last year, and during last
Pall, but one additional crib was put down, the
whole force being employed in building up the
work of five hundred and thirty feet of pier, which
had been put down that season. It was raised
four feet above the water, and completed to that
height by the 6rh of December, after which time,
and until the ensuing Spring, a part of the hands
were retained, and employed in repairing the ma-
chinery, scows, &c., preparatory to future opera-
tions During October, 1843, the heavy blow upon
the coast heaped up the sand at the entrance, re-
ducing .the depth there at one time to about seven
and^a half feet; which, however, shortly afterwards
deepened of itself to nine feet, at which depth it
continued during the Winter. The entrance kept
open throughout the Winter, vessels being able to
enter and depart occasionally during: every month.
The Spring (1844) was unusually rainy, and
the rivers in consequence unusually swollen; the
Saint Joseph's among the rest, discharging a
vast quantity of water, scoured out the passage
between the piers, and created a depth nowhere
less than eleven feet over the bar outside. The
depth between the piers was thirteen feet, and in
places much deeper. The south pier, sunk by
the effects of this freshet, on its inner front, about
four feet. Originally the depth along this pier was
eleven feet; it is now about nineteen feet.
" The further extension of the north pier was
co mmenced on the 1st of June, but owing to the
continued succession of boisterous weather, until
September, the work did not progress as rapidly
as was anticipated, although by that time four
hundred and seventy-two feet of crrb-work had
been put down. A gale in this month catching
the work before secured, carried away the outside
crib, and rounds of timber off three others. Other
of the cribs of this pier sunk considerably,
one as many as four feet below the surface of the
water; all have since been built up and secured,
and have since stood a severe gale.
"The end of this north pier is now upon the
place of the old bar, and within three hundred
and fifty feet of fifteen feet,water of the lake, ire
extensio~n has already proved of great security to
vessels entering during gales, from the north and
^orthwest.
" The work to be done this season is further to
secure this pier, and to build up parts of it at least
fo«r feet above the water surface, as it will proba-
bly settle to that extent during the coming winter.
The south pier will also have to be built up. The
•old work (that is, the parts constructed under
former appropriations) is in a good state of pres-
ervation.
" The channel of the entrance makes south, af-
ter leaving the south pier, and as it has received a
direction nearly west in passing between the
piers, it is apparent that this turn to the south
can be occasioned only by some power coercing
the river water in that direction, after it is free of
thfr piers. Now this force can be only in the pre-
vailing and violent north and northwest winds.
It would seem highly probable, then, that if the
river current were protected from the force in that
direction, until after passing the bar outside, all
danger from this change of direction in the river
channel would be removed. This protection can
be obtained only by a further extension west-
wardly of the north pier. Such a cause, under
similar circumstances, has succeeded admirably
elsewhere, and I can see no sound reason why it
should not succeed here. The north pier will
therefore be extended as proposed, and as indi-
cated in the original plan; and eventually, should
it become necessary, some additional length can
be added to the south pier.
"The total length of additional pier-work con-
templated, under any view to complete the en-
trance, is about 1,500 feet. It may and probably
will be less, if the extension of the north pier, in
the first instance, should produce effects anticipa-
ted. My own impression is, that 850 feet of crib
will be all that will be required at this place, and
therefore it is all for which at present any estimate
will be made.
" To make this work as strong as it should be,
add the pier-heads, and raise the work to its proper
height, load it adequately with stone, finish and
floor it, will not cost less than $35,000. But there
•is aboof 992 feet of crib-work put down in 1843
and i844, which has to be built up to the proper
height, and much of it to he readjusted. It has
also to be supplied with more stone, and to be
planked. The planking and some repairs of the
piers, made before the renewal of 1842, has also
to be done, and these piers likewise require addi-
tional stone; which different items will about ab-
sorb the balance of previous appropri uions."
And in the report of 1845 it is stated:
"After the last annual report from the superin-
tending engineer, operations at the harbor of St.
Joseph were continued until the beginning of the
stormy season, when the work was suspended for
the winter.
"The whole work done during the season con-
sisted in sinking ten cribs, altogether 436 feet long.
These cribs were carried up four courses of timber
above water, the upper work being connected
throughout the whole length of the pier. In con-
sequence, however, of the constant succession of
gales during the Summer, and especially toward
the close of the working season, it was found im-
possible to close up this work as securely as was
necessary to resist the storms of the winter. The
consequence was, that the work was considerably
damaged, a breach of 90 feet long having been
made through it, extending several feet below the
water. When the work was resumed in May of
this year, (1845,) the breach was well and securely
closed; and during the Summer the pier has been
carried up to its full height, and finished in the
best and strongest possible manner. The south
pier has settled on the channel side so much that the
uppertimbers were only from one to two feet above
the water. This pier has been built up vertically
on the channel aide, and so filled with stone, that
no tether-settling is anticipated, in fact it -has
not settled atall during the last twelve months. In
addition to this, a crib 30 feet long has been sunk
at the end of the south pier. This carried up two
feet above the water and filled with stone, it will
not be connected with the old work until it has
stood through the winter, and had time to settle.
" in conformity with the principles and plan
laid down in your last annual report, I have esti-
mated for an additional pier-work eight hundred
and fifty feet long.
" This addition, after your personal inspection,
was the least you deemed sufficient to complete the
harbor.
"You will perceive by the map herewith sub-
mitted, that an extension of 450 feet on the north
pier will reach 15 feet water, and that there is do
bar inside of this point. I suppose, therefore, that
this will be as far as you will deem it necessary to
carry out thia pier.
" I am of opinion, that if the remaining 400 feet
of pter-work of the estimate were added to the
south pier, the effect wo.uld be very beneficial; and
probably by giving to the river a full and decided
set in the direction of the piers, that the current
would sweep away the shoal which lies near the
end of the north pier in front of the entra^e."
The importance of this harbor is every year in-
creasing. Locks have been constructed on the
St. Joseph river at Michawaka and at Bristol,
which have opened the navigation to Three Rivers
a distance of one hundred and thirty miles from
the lake. The export of wheat alone this year
is estimated at seven hundred and fifty thousand
bushels, equal at least to half a million of dollars.
Three steamboats are running on the river.
The present condition of the piers is described
by the agent in the following extract from his
report:
"The south pier is in good condition, and noth-
ing will be required for repairing if during the ensu-
ing year, except what may be required for leveling
and finishing the thirty feet crib recently put in,
and for connecting the old work with it. It has
not settled or changed its position since its com-
pletion; and an accumulation of sand upon the
river side of it which has already been formed, in-
dicates that the current of the river washes it with
less force than formerly, and that no fears need be
entertained of its undermining and settling.
" The two upper sections of the north pier (the
first being a single wall of timber with ties, and
the second consisting of piles, caps, sheet piling,
and ties,) have an accumulation of sand upon the
river side of them to the water's surface, are not
exposed and will need no repairs the ensuing year.
"The third section of this pier, extending from
the second to the third and last angle, one hundred
and fifty feet, and the fourth section, extending
from the third angle to the end of the old work,
five hundred and ninety-six feet, has suffered great
injury from the action of the water, and unless
effectually repaired, must soon beeome a wreck.
" Five hundred and thirty feet of this pier have
been undermined, and a considerable portion of its
stone carried into the river to the great prejudice of
the navigation; and there is now an opening under
the river side of this part of the pier of from one
to four feet wide, through which the water rushes
with great violence into and out of the pier when-
ever we have a strong wind from any direction,
and thus frequently carrying away timbers-from
the lower edge of the river side of the pier.
^In the upper course of both piers, the cross
ties are dressed on four sides, and put in five feet
apart. This gives the pier a handsome appear-
ance and strength to sustain any load of ice that
may be thrown upon it by the sea.
"The posts have all been cut off at the top of
the upper or square cross ties, except one at every
forty feet, which has been cut off three feet above
the top of the pier, and finished as a snubbing
post. The tenth or outer crib has been planked
over with pine plank three inches thick and six
inches wide.
" The outer end of the pier has been covered
with three-inch oak plank, put on vertically, reach-
ing from the top of the pier to four feet below
water. This plankingsextends round the^orners
four feet on each side. The piers are not covered,
but a plank walk has been made four feet wide,
extending the whole length of the piers, for the
purpose of towing ■vessels, getting out the beacon-
light,^"&c.
