790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
-vide for this case. It authorized the appointment
of commissioners to examine into certain Indian
debt claims. If the Committee on Indian Affairs
of the Senate believed it was the duty, indeed if
they believed the executive officers had the power
to return and allow this claim, do you suppose
this joint resolution would have been authorized
by that committee to be reported ? The committee
may have deemed the claim a just one, and may
have been willing to open the way to a reversal of
the decision of the executive departments by the
appointment of commissioners; but it is perfectly
clear they deemed it necessary to interpose the
powerful arm of Congress to reach it. The joint
resolution, however, did not pass Congress. The
old executive officers pass out, and the present
incumbents take possession of the offices. The
appeal to Congress is no longer made. The Sec-
retary of the Interior entertains, hears, and de-
termines the case; and $77,000, or thereabouts, is
drawn from the Treasury, and paid over to indi-
viduals contrary to the former decision on the sub-
ject.
This transaction, which I have no deebt is truly
reported*eo far as it goes, presents two questions.
First, Did the Secretary of the Interior have the
power to revive and readjudge this case after it
had been pieviously finally decided by his prede-
cessors? Second, In assuming the power and in
reversing a former adjudication and paying out
this large private claim, would all the circumstances
and facia warrant the imputation that he acted cor-
ruptly from improper or impure motives: was any
advantage in any way to inure to him, the Secre-
tary?
Not knowing the precise facts in this case, I
assume, what I suppose no gentleman will contro-
vert, that the Secretary of the Interior has al-
lowed the claim or claims of the Messrs. Ewing,
and that his predecessor had rejected the same
claim; and when I refer to the Senate resolution,
I do not speak from idle and vague rumor as a
confirmatory proof of its rejection. The Secre-
tary, then, has exercised a power wrong in prin-
ciple, dangerous in practice, arid has taken up his
march along a road which will lead to the greatest
corruption. In my judgment, a decision by the
Executive department,in which I include the heads
of Burreaus, Secretaries and President, when ap-
peals are taken, has the same binding effect, as a
judgment entered up in a coutt of justice, and
that it is binding upon all the parties, barring
fmud and mistakes. It becomes a res adjndicalur,
and nothing but the power of Confess can reopen
the case. We must have something fixed, some-
thing disposed of as we go along. The power
claimed by the Secretary of the interior is not
exercised by the Postmaster Geneial. Mr. Col-
lamer, who was long a member of this Flouse,
and is a good lawyer, has again and again re-
fused to reopen cases decided by his predecessor.
My colleague [Mr. McWillie] and myself a few
days since had a trial of this principle. A con-
stituent of ours had a smnll claim, founded, as I
believe, in justice and equity, amounting to some
$150. Yet the Postmaster Geneial, upon appli-
cation, refused to reopen the case. His prede-
cessor had adjudicated the claim; he regarded the
whole matter as res adjmheata. I am convinced
he was right, and under my advice our constitu-
ent has appealed to this House for justice. This
seems not to be the principle or the practice of the
Secretary of the Interior. This subject should be
examined. I am astonished that the Administra-
tion party exhibit such seeming unwillingness to
meet the issue broadly, flatly, readily. A sensi-
tive mind, conscious of rectitude, would court in-
vestigation, would regard those gentlemen who
ask for a commiiiee as his best friends, enabling
him to justify himself. If there be nothing wrong
in the'conduct of the Secretary, his apparent
friends on this floor would induce the belief that
they feared some development which would in-
culpate the Secretary.
But the course proposed is said to be unprece-
dented 
Mr. HALL interposed, a "d (Mr. T. yielding the
floor) said he desired to caM the attention of the
House to the fact, that during the last Congress,
the Committee on Public Expenditures reported a
series of resolutions directing the Secretary of the
Treasury to furnish the House with certain in-
formation in relation to the management of the
Treasury, and especially in relation to loans and
Treasury notes. That resolution was introduced
on the 31st of May, 1848, and in June, 1848, the
Journal has this entry:
«Mr. JOHN A. ROCKWELL moved to amend Mr.
Strohm's resolution as follows:
« Resolved. That the Committee on Public Expenditures
be instructed to make a thorough examination into the con-
dition of the Treasury Department, and especially hi rela-
tion to the treasury notes and loans under the acts of July
22,1846, and January 28,1847, and that said committee have
leave to send for persons and papers, and to employ a clerk
at the usual compensation."
This resolution was decided in the affirmative,
yeas 138, nays 37.
Mr. SWEETSER desired to make an explana-
tion.
Mr. T. again yielded the floor.
Mr. S. said, that in an informal treaty msde by
traders and merchants not authorized by the Gov-
ernment, for the purpose of purchasing the Miami
Reservation, made at Massasineway, the Miami
Indians stipulated for the sale of the Miami Res-
ervation, and for the payment of their numerous
creditors, among whom were the Messrs. Ewing,
they being their largest creditors.
The Government subsequently adopted the
treaty so far as the purchase of the Reservation
was concerned, and at the same time assumed to
question the validity of the claims against the
Miami tribe of Indians, and assumed to suspend
the payment subsequently. The Miami tribe held
a council, in which they recommended the adjust-
ment of claims against the tribe, made at the Mas-
sasineway treaty, upon a reinvestigation, a sche-
dule which they were willingshould be paid. They
made a schedule of the claims which they were
willing; should be paid, and submitted said sched-
ule and adjustment to the Government, for the
sanction of the Government, which was given.
The Indian Bureau upon investigation being
made, made a decision near the close of Mr.
Polk's administration, refusing to pay the Messrs.
Ewing the amount of their claim as adjusted by
the Indians, and approved by the President.
From the decision of the head of the Indian Bu-
reau, an appeal was taken to the Secretary of the
Interior. That appeal was taken after the present
Administration came into power. Mr. S. regarded
the appeal from ihe head of the Indian Bureau to
the head of the department having charge of the
Indian Bureau as legitimate; and further, that the
amount paid the Messrs. Ewing not exceeding the
amount stipulated by the Miamis in the aforesaid
readjustment, is right. Mr. S. said, having some
knowledge of the matter, he did not feel at liberty
to remain silent, when the reputation of a Secretary
was involved, who had no opportunity to makean
explanation upon this floor. He said that he
should, however, vote for an investigation, in order
to give those who were implicated an opportunity
for explanation.
Mr. THOMPSON" said, he was not inquiring
into the reasons that induced the reversal of the
decision. That was a matter which mi«;ht be re-
ferred to the committee. He was satisfied with
one fadt, and that was, that the former executive
officer had rejected this claim, and 
Mr. "VINTON interposed and asked a question,
of which nothing was heard, but the purport of
which may be inferred from the reply.
Mr. THOMPSON said, the fact that the com-
mittee of Indian Affairs of the Senate had author-
ized Mr. Atchison to introduce a joint resolution
appointing commissioners to pass upon the claim
of the Messrs. Ewing, was evidence that the com-
mittee believed that there was no remedy in the
Executive Department, and that it was necessary
to interpose the power of Congress to induce the
settlement of the claim.
Mr. CROWELL desired to ask one question.
Mr. THOMPSON again yielded.
Mr. CROWELL. Is this rejection of a claim
by the head of a department any more res adjudi-
cata than the rejection of a claim by either House
of Congress would be?
Mr. THOMPSON. I regard this as a very dif-
ferent matter. The whole of the treasury of the
country is in our hands, and we can exercise our 1
discretion. j
Mr. CROWELL. The gentleman from Mis- ]
sissippi [Mr. Thompson] is an old member of this i
House. 1 ask him for information.
Mr. THOMPSON (apparently not hearing the
remark;) there is a broad distinction between the
two cases. There is a wide difference between
this House and one of the departments. The
departments have to go by rule of law. If I am
not mistaken there is a decision of the Supreme
Court upon that point.
Mr. CROWELL. Does not this House go by
rule of law?
Mr. THOMPSON. 1 do not desire to be inter-
rupted in this way. We make the laws. We
have a discretion given to us. We owe responsi-
bility only to God and our constituents. We are
held responsible for what we do here. We make
rules of law, and unmake them at our pleasure.
It is different with the officers of the Executive de-
partments. They must execute the laws. When
one of these officers rejects a claim, it is decided,
though the party may appeal to this House for
a reversal of its decision.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether, if the Post-
master General had allowed the claim in the case
of the gentleman's constituent referred to, whether
he would have pocketed the money?
Mr. THOMPSON. My constituent would
have taken the money. I think he was clearly
entitled to it. My colleague [Mr. McWillie] has
presented the claim. I think Mr. Collamer was
right in not reversing the decision; but I think this
House ought to do so. This is the only place
where redress can be obtained. I say that revers-
al does not necessarily imply corruption; but it
presents a case which would necessarily lead to an
examination and inquiry. Would not Mr. Ewing
himself require it? Would he ask his friends to
screen him from such an investigation ?
Some conversation here took place between Mr.
Gentry and Mr. Thompson, arising out of a re-
mark of the former, that no member on his side of
the House declined an investigation, but that the
only question was, what was the proper investiga-
tion, and what the first step to be taken in it.
Mr. T. then submitted that the course now
proposed was the very course adopted by the
gentleman himself and three-fourths of the last
Congress in relation to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; and Mr. T. read some of the votes thereon.
The only remaining inquiry (continued Mr.
T.) is, were the circumstances attending this de-
cision such as to lead to the conviction of corrup-
tion? It may be that the Secretary may have
reversed the decision of his predecessor, not only
in this case, but in all those enumerated, and in
many others; and though he was wrong, indeed
grossly wrong, it may turn out on investigation
that he was neither interested nor corrupt. This
no gentleman has a right to assume from the facts
now well known and admitted. The determina-
tion of this very question is what the committee
are required to do, and 1 can see no objection to
it.
The only question in my mind is that raised by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] ought
the matter to be referred to a special committee or
to the standing Commit tee on Public Expenditures?
I prefer the special committee, and shall vote for
it; but I shall be content with the standing com-
mittee, if we confer upon it sufficient power to
examine into and eviscerate all the facts. I have
regarded the whole subject as involving merely the
rightfulness of the expenditure of public money.
I think there is not the slightest analogy between
this case and that put by the gentleman from Geor-
gia^ that every person has a right to be secure from
search—that his premises, his papers cannot be
reached without due process of law . Sir, a public
officer is but an agent of the people—the papers he
has are not his papers—the money he disburses is
not his money: they all belong to the people; and
we, as the representatives of the people, have a
right to examine his papers, count his money at
any time, aye, at any hour, either of the day or the
night, when it shall meet our Wishes- There is not
the least similitude between such a case and that of
an individual who has a right to have his papers
secure from seizure or examination without due
process of law. |
In every way in which you may present this
j question, I must think gentlemen do themselves
' great injustice, as well as the Secretary of tha Inte-
rior, in shrinking from this investigation, and in
j evading a direct issue upon the points presented.
| Gentlemen call upon me to move the previous
i question. After what I have said 1 could not do it.
• Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said he was not
j opposed to any investigation by any properly-con-
I stituted committee of the House. He read the
