1650.
jhe congressional globe.
-Appropriations have been made for this harbor
in the years 1836, '37, '38, '43, and '44, amount-
ing to $131,113.
The amount proposed in the bill is sufficient for
the, present fiscal year.
Line 70. Hartor at the mouth of Kalamazoo.
A special' report has been made of this-harbor
to the Senate, under a resolution of the 19th
February, 1836. In my opinion, it would be ad-
vantageous to double the amount proposed in the
bill for the present fiscal year.
Line 73. Harbor at Grand River, Lake Michi-
gan.
The same remarks, which have been made of
Kalamazoo, apply to this improvement. They
are both harbors of importance to the lake trade.
Line 75. For the improvemet of the harbor of
Milwaukie.
The report of 1844 says of this harbor:
"This harbor is also on the western shore of
Lake Michigan, twenty miles north of Racine.
^ " At the close of last year's operation, nine hun-
dred and sixty feet of the north pier had been put
down,and raised three feet above the water. This
season, one hundred and fifty more have been ad-
ded to that pier, extending it to water fourteen feet
deep; and six hundred feet of the south pier have
been put down, filled with stone, and raised to the
surface of the water, and apart of a sand bar near the
inner end of the north pier has been removed.
" Before this work was commenced, there was not
more than four feet of water over the bar that ob-
structed the entrance; there is now a passage of
adequate width nine and a half feet deep.
" This work was commenced in 1843, and, the
amount appropriated, including that of the last
session, is $50,000
The estimate for completing the work is 46,793
Making a total of.    $96,793
"The original estimate-was for $92,183; but
thfere is a small balance in the hands of a former
agent nowin suit, which,"deducted from the former
expenditures, will make the present amount actu-
ally expended, and die amount now required for
completing the work, agree very well with the first
estimate. Of the estimate now submitted to com-
plete this work, (#46,793,) the sum of $30,000 will
be wanted for the next fiscal year."
And in the report of 1845, it is said:
" Since the Ia3t annual report, seventy feet have
been added to the length of the south pier, tlie
whole pier raised to a height of three feet above
the surface of the water, and filled with stone;
■ fifteen thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine
cubic'yards of earth have been removed from the
space between the piers, and the bar at the west
end of the north pier, which secures a channel of
sufficient width and depth for vessels of the largest
class on the lake.
" The appropriation for this work having been
nearly expended last season, but little has been
done on it this year. With the balance on hand
on the 10th of April, one hundred and sixty feet
of the east end of the north pier has been raised to
the level of the rest of the pier, five feet above the
surface of the water; and to render the harbor ac-
cessible to vessels at night, a beacon-light has
been erected on the end of it.
" From the soundings taken in August last, it is
found that the channel retains its depth, and that
the water has increased in depth near the end of
the south pier, no indications of the formation of
an outer bar were discovered; and from the pro-
tection given to the entrance against the northeast
and southeast winds by projecting points north
and south of it, it is probably secured from the
formauon of such bars."
Amounts heretofore appropriated for this har-
bor were, for the years 1843 '44, $50,000. The
amount of the present hill is sufficient for the pres-
ent fiscal year.
Line 77. Harbor of Racine, Lake Michigan.
The report of 1844 says of this work:
" The town of Racine is at the mouth of Root
River, about ten miles north of Southport.
" Private enterprise had already been at work
there, and had put down an aggregate of six hun-
dred and twenty-six feet of crib pier work, wtiich
had gieatly improved the entrance, having insured L
a constant and safe channel, with adequate di pth,
in the place of one which previously was dan-
gerous, always shosl, and often nearly shut up.
180$
'* The appropriation of'last year was intended
to complete this work, giving to existing piers the
requisite additional extension. About three hun-
dred and eleven feet of crib-pier will have to'be
added to this work, with a suitable pier-head."
The report of 1845 says:
" Active operations on this work under the bu-
reau did not commence until in the course of the
month of September, 1844; since that time there
have heen added to the length of the north pier
one hundred and seventy-six feet, and to the south
pier a hundred and fifty-five feet; the former ter
minating in twelve and a half feet water, the latter
in nine and a half feet. Three hundred and thir-
teen feet of the north pier, which was incomplete'
when it becarre a Government work, has been
leveled up, filled with stone to the surface of the
water, and decked.
"After the failure of the appropriation bill for
this year, the citizens of Racine at once raised a
sum of $5,500; to be expended on the work in eon-
junction with the balance of the former appropria-
tion; and in addition to the work done as stated
above, one hundred and fifteen feet of the south
pier has been completed. Ninety feet has been
leveled up to the requisite height; five thousand
cubic yards of earth have been removed from be-
tween the piers, which gives a channel of suffi-
cient width and depth for vessels to pass into the
harbor; and the rock which obstructed the en-
trance between the piers has been removed, and a
scoop dredge constructed on the pile driver.
" The bar which had formed at the end of the
north pier last year has entirely disappeared; and
from the largeand rapid accumulation of sand be-
tween the piers, it is more than probable it found
its way into the channel during the heavy north-
east storms of October and November last. The
increased length of the north pier, and the removal
of the rock will probably prevent similar depos-
its for the future."
The estimate to complete the work, by this last
report, is $34,189.
Former appropriation in its favor was for the
year 1844, amounting to $12,500.
The amount proposed will do for the present
fiscal year, but the estimate from this office for that
period was for $15,000.
Line 79. Southport harbor, Lake Michigan.
The report of 1844 says of this harbor:
"Southport is on the western shore of Lake
Michigan, about five miles north of Chicago. The
work at this place is new, the appropriation of
the last sessio® of Congress being the first in its
favor.
" The law in reference to it states that the ap-
propriation is ' for the construction of a harbor at
the town of Southport, in the Territory of Wis-
consin.' And the second section of the same law
further states, 'that the corps of Topographi-
cal Engineers shall select from actual examination
and survey the point of location of said harbor:'
" The examination and survey were made and
the results duly prepared at the time of inspecting
the harbors on this lake, and the selection of the
locality for the piers was also made. The follow-
ing is a brief exposition of the reasons which gov-
erned in the selection:
"By the quotations from the law just given, it
was clear, to my judgment, that the piers must be
located *at the town of Southport,' and therefore
the discretion of the engineer in making the loca-
tion was necessarily confined to the corporate lim-
its of that town. Governed, then, by these limits
there are but two positions at which an entrance
to the harbor can be made; one immediately adja-
cent to the inhabited and settled part of the town;
the other, about half a mile to the north, where no
one resides.
"After a personal examination of these two po-
sitions, and after consulting the survey which had
been made, it did not appear to me that any one
could hesitate which to select. With me there
was no hesitation; and making selection of the
most southern of these two -positions, the one im-
mediately adjacent to the inhabited part of the
town, usually denominated and known as the
southern outletof Pike creek, the engineer in charge
was directed to make his arrangements for con-
structing th^ piers at that place.
"After this decision had been made it was sug-
gested that the words of the law, 'at the town of
iSouthport,' weie intended to mean ' wittiin the
township of Southport,' and, therefore, the range
of selection could be extended throughout the lim-
its of that township, embracing about twelve milefit
of lake coast. Although such an interpretation; of
the law struck me as unwarranted by its phraseol-
ogy, and as erroneous, yet, as that interpretation? '
may be adopted by others, I deem it proper to lay-
before the department the considerations which it
will involve.
"It will bring into view another point, usually,
denominated the outlet of Pike river. This out-
let is about one mile and a half north of the pne
chosen, and within the limits of the town of Ken-
osha. The survey of this outlet had also been
made, and it had also received a personal exam-
ination during my inspection tour of that quarter.
"At the time the survey was made, the opening
at this outlet was about 50 feet wide and two feet
deep; that of the place selected, the same width
and depth. When the personal inspection of these
outlets was made, the opening at the former was
about 15 feet wide and three inches deep; the open-
ing at the latter place was shut up by a bar of sand.
A severe storm from the east had prevailed a day
or two before, throwing the sand of the lake
against that shore.
" Pike river has a longer extent of water way
after entering, which can be used as a harbor^
The extent of water way in Pike creek after en-
tering it, which can be so used, although not so
long as that of Pike river, is, however, adequate-
for all harbor purposes. The widths arid depths
of each after entering, are about the same.
"The reasoning which involves an artificial
enlargement of the harbor space, by excavating
the soft marsh within each entrance, can be ap-
plied equally to both places, and may probably,
for either, be considered as belonging exclusively
to individual enterprise in the improvement of
water lots.
" Upon Pike river there are no settlements; that
is, nothing in the character of concentrated settle-
ment or town; the survey exhibiting merely the
residence of the owner of the land at the outlet.
At the mouth of Pike creek, on the contrary, is
the town of Southport, containing aheady upwards
of 2,000 inhabitants, with many largeand valuable
buildings and extensive stores; and it is already
in the enjoyment of an active and increasing com-
merce. All the commercial business of the vicinity
is now done there; and the principal roads leading
into the interior are concentrated there. The
grounds, also, at Southport,are better adapted for
the location of a town than at either of the other
points.
" To locate the piers at Pike river would be
destructive of the town of Southport, its property,
buildings, and trade. To place these piers at
Southport, or, in other words, at the mouth of
Pike creeli, would be no injury to the property at
Pike river; on the contrary, it must increase the
value of that property by good effects of having a
harbor so near it. The construc ion of the piers
at Southport will be less costly than at Pike river,
from the advantages to be derived from the con-
centrated population of the town, its laborers, -
worKshops, and mechanics; and by the adtan-
tages derivable from-the temporary bridge piers
already erected there, in landing supplies from llie
lake.
" From these considerations, therefore, even if
the mouth of Pike river were considered as in-
cluded within the phraseology of the law, believing
that an equally good harbor can be made at either
p'ace, I should yet have decided u favor of the
south mouth of Pike creek.
" The estimate for the construction of this har-
bor, on the supposition that it will requne an ag-
gregate of 1,460 feet of crib pier work, including
a suitable pier-head to sustain a beacon, is $50,592;
from which should be deducted $12,5u0; the
amount of the appropriation of last Winter, lejving
a balance required for the work of $38,092."
And in that of 1845 it is saia:
"Operations were commenced on this work in
September, 1844, and during the Fall, the ma.
chinery required for the woik was constructed.
" The fiist crib was sunk on the 90th of Octo-
ber, and between thai time anJ the 1st of Decern*
ber, 103 feet of the north pier and 163 feet of the
south pier were put down and filled with siotve to
the snrface of the watei, and 2 500 ouhic yards of
surface sand removed from the bar between the
piers. During the Winter, the facing 175 feet to
the south side of the entrance through ths bar was
