1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBIL
Sept. 20,
put down, and materials for the next season's
operations received and prepared.
" Early in the month of March, 1845, the work
was recommenced, and during the present season,
404 feet in length has been added to the north
pier, making its length 507 feet, and terminating
in about 9| feet water. 130 feet has been raised
3| feet high, 250 feet 2| feet high, and 127 feet
1| foot high, and the whole filled with stone, level
with the surface of the water.
"Jt was deemed advisable during the Spring to
construct a scoop dredge, movable by horse
power, for the purpose of removing the sand which
had accumulated between the piers. As there was
not sufficient channel for the egress and ingress of
the machinery, it was also deemed advisable to
suspend the work on the north pier, until a pas-
sage for the pile driver could be obtained, and piles
driven into it, without which the pier work, in so
great a depth of water, could not be considered
safe in heavy storms. Preparations were conse-
quently made to place one on the hull of the pile
• driver, so that the same power might answer for
both, it was expected that the machinery for the
dredge would be in readiness by the 15th of June,
and that the machine would be ready for use in
the course of that month; but unavoidable delay,
however, occurred in its preparation, and it did
not reach Southport until the 31st of July. It is
now ready for use, and will be kept constantly at
work until the whole of the sand is removed
from between the piers to a depth sufficient for the
passage of the machinery.
"During the time that the sinking of cribs has
been suspended, a large portion of the timber re-
quired for tffe extension of the piers has been
framed, and three hundred and ninety-five cords of
stone received and deposited near the work. If the
weather should prove favorable during the coming
Pall, two hundred feet in length will be added to
the north pier, and three hundred feet to the south
pier, which would leave the termination of the
north pier in fourteen and a half feet water, and
that of the south pier in nine and a quarter feet
water.
" The expenses incurred in constructing the
machinery required for dredging will cause the es-
timate of this year to overrun that of 1844, by a
small amount."
Appropriations in favor of this harbor were
made during the years 1844, '45, amounting to
$27,500.
The amount now proposed in the bill is suffi-
eient for the present fiscal year.
Line 81. Dredge hoat on lake Michigan.
Upon this item allow me to refer to the remark
in this report on line 29 of the bill.
Line 83. Survey of the lakes.
The many demands made for surveys of har-
bors, not falling within the line of operation's con-
templated by this appropriation, during the ensu-
ing year, make it proper on my part to suggest an
increase of this item to $35,000.
Line 85. For the harbor of Dubuque, on the
Mississippi.
The report of 1844 says of this harbor:
"In a law of June 15, 1844, there were certain
appropriations for improvements in the Territory
of Iowa. These were: 1st. At the town of Du-
buque, §7,500 were appropriated to improve the
harbor at this place, 'provided upon due examina-
tion and survey, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War, it shall appear that a permanent im-
provement can be accomplished and completed for
this amount, so as to admit the landing of steamers
of the largest class navigating the river at the town
of Dubuque at all seasons of the year.'
" Dubuque is situated on the Mississippi river,
and the landing in question is the landing on the
shore' of that river. In a report from the agent to
whom this duty was assigned, dated September 1,
1844, he states that the water is unusually high for
tnis season, and it would be extremely difficult, if
at all practicable, to make a correct estimate or
plan for the improvement. The obstructions are
all hidden by the water, and there is no certainty
of ascertaining what they are until the water shall
fall. Conflicting interests render it impossible to
get representations which can be relied upon. On
these accounts the examinations directed had to be
delayed, and it was probable, at the date of the
last report, (September 1,) that some weeks would
elapse before the water would be sufficiently low.
Since then no report has been received. It is pre-
sumed that the condition of the river had not yet
admitted of the necessary examination."
And the report of 1845 says:
"Final views and estimates in reference to Du-
buque harbor and the roads of Iowa cannot at this
time be presented, as the annual report of the
agent has not been received. After a careful ex-
amination of the plans proposed for the improve-
ment ot this harbor, one has been approved which
appears best suited to the case, and well adapted
to render the earliest relief. The plan consists in
making a short opening from the ' basin' or har-
bor, through a narrow island, to the 'outer slough,'
which connects immediately with the main river;
2d, in forming a partial dam at the 'outer slough,'
below the mouth of the outlet, and by that means
to throw more water into the channel by the outlet;
3d, to dredge a deeper channel than now exists at
low water within the 'outer slough,' and in theout-
let itself. The operation now in progress is the
making of the short cut from the 'basin' to the
the 'outer slough.' When the water is at its
lowest condition the dredging and the formation
of the dam will be undertaken."
The appropriation now proposed it is considered
will be sufficient to complete this harbor on the
latest received and approved plan.
Line 87. Harbor of St. Louis.
In the report of 1844 it was said of this harbor:
" For this purpose a special appropriation of
$25,000 was made during the last session. This
harbor is threatened by two serious dangers; one,
that the Mississippi, which is gradually encroach-
ing upon the east bank, will eventually pass nearly
the whole of its waters between Bloody Island and
the Illinois shore; and, as a consequence, destroy
the harbor of St. Louis. The other, more distant
in locality, but not less to be dreaded, is, that tlie
Missouri, bursting through the small impediment
which now resists its action, will carry its waters
and those of the Upper Mississippi, through what
is called the 'American bottom of the State of Il-
linois,' again entering the old bed of the Missis-
sippi about — miles below St. Louis. The conse-
quences of sucli a disaster are beyond calculation;
the loss of life and property by it-would probably
be unparalleled."
In the report of 1845 it is said:
" In the report of last Fall it was remarked of this
harbor, that several plans for its improvement had
been submitted by the engineer in charge of the
work; but although the bureau was willing to
award to him all imaginable creditfor his acquire-
ments and his ingenuity, yet it could not agree
with him in any of the plans proposed, and there-
fore, a board of officers, consisting of Lieut. Colo-
nel Kearny and Lieut. Colonel Long had been
organized and ordered to meet at St. Louis to ex-
amine the locality of the work, to revise all plan3
and estimates, and to report its own views and
plans. It was clear to my judgment, that the
actual cause of alarm had not been sufficiently
considered nor adequately and directly attacked;
but ^that the engineer had permitted himself
to dwell too much upon collateral and probable
considerations. Every notion which might pre-
sent itself to an ingenious mind was carefully ex-
hibited in his reports, forming thereby valuable
matter for the consideration of the bureau; all of
which was duly suhmitted to the examination and
revision of the board.
The immediate danger to St. Louis harbor
•arises from the tendency of the waters of the Mis-
sissippi to avoid the Missouri shore at the city
of St. Louis, and to pass between Bloody Island
and the Illinois shore. The consequences of this
tendency are, to fill up-and make shoal the harbor
or landing at the city of St. Louis, and to open
and deepen the passage between Bloody Island
and the Illinois shore. We have, therefore, in
this simple statement of the case, the evil to be
remedied; and the evil of itself suggests the reme-
dy, viz., the tendency of the waters of the Mis-
sissippi to pass between Bloody Island and the
Illinois shore must be counteracted. It was clear
to my mind that all works above and below the
city, not having a direct influence upon the views
just stated, could with propriety be postponed; be-
cause, if the views stated could not be accom-
plished, all works above and below were com-
paratively useless.
" The idea of intercepting the passage of the
water between Bloody Island and the Illinois shore,
and thereby to coerce a passing of it on "the Mis-
souri side of the island, is of old date. It will
be found to prevail in some of the earlist reports
on this subject, and was, I believe, first presented
to the consideration of the department in the form
of a plan upon a survey of that harbor made in
October, 1837, by Captain Robert E. Lee, (see the
report, plan, and drawings of Captain Lee, printed
as document No. 139, 2d session 25th Congress,)
of the United States engineers, then in the super-
intendence of the work. This plan was to con-
struct a dam or dike directly across the upper end
of Bloody Island to the Illinois shore, with other .
accessory works of revetments of shores, &c.
This plan was afterwards adopted by a subsequent
superintendent of the work, but never authorized.
The idea of turning the waters of the Mississippi
into the Missouri channel was here evidently ex-
posed; but the plan of accomplishing that idea
was not considered the best and most practicable.
Such a dam offered too direct a resistance to the
course of the stream, thereby producing conse-
quences which could not be readily foreseen, and,
reasoning from analogous cases elsewhere, would
probably create other evils and entail serious con-
sequent expenses. The water would be obstrncted
and deflected by such a dam or dike; but the de-
flection would be too violent and in a wrong direc-
tion. It should be as gentle as practicable, coin-
ciding, as much as practicable, with the course of
the stream.
" The plan recommended by the president of the
board, exhibited upon the drawing annexed to
this report, after enumerating other accessory
works above, was to revet the lower and western
side of Kerr's Island; then, to construct a dike
from the lower end of Kerr's Island to the upper
end of Bloody Island; then to revet the western
face of the upper end of that island.
" The objections on the part of the bureau to
this plan, were to the extent of dike work, and of
revetment work; to the admission of whatever
water should pass on the slough east of Kerr'a
Island, in the rear of the work, and between it and
the Illinois shore; and to the consequent hazard to
the work, and obstruction of access from the river
to the Illinois shore between Bloody Island and
Kerr's Island, These objections to the plan being
discussed between myself and Lieutenant Cblonel
Kearny, the president of the board, after his re-
turn to Washington with its proceedings, the con-
clusion on my part was to recommend the follow-
ing plan, viz: To construct a dike or dam from
the point 12 or 13, on the Illinois shore, to the up-
per end of Bloody Island, and to revet part of the
western face of Bloody Island, as essential meas-
ures to which attention in the first instance should
be directed; and which would probably render
other accessory measures above, and at Kerr's
Island unnecessary. It is, to my judgment, a
matter of secondary importance what direction the
channel of the river takes immediately above and
below St. Louis; the great object m view being to
maintain thedeep water on the St. Louis side, at all
landings of that city; and the plan now proposed,
it is believed, will accomplish that object, at least
I am decidedly of the opinion that the measures
now indicated should be the first adopted; and that
those spoken of in the various reports which have
been before Congress, for the head of Casearot
Island, may be postponed until future experience
shall indicate their necessity. The operations at
the head of Casearot Island have this consideration
in view; that by erecting an obstruction from the
rocks on the Missouri shore, called the chain of
rocks, sufficient to turn the principal low water
channel, and to make it pass on the eastern side
of Casearot Island, it would, in passing out at the
lower end of this island, acquire a direction to-
wards the St. Louis shore, and thereby aid the
effects of the works before spoken of at Bloody
Island, and render them less liable to accident. It
would, therefore, be advisable to contemplate work
at this point; but I think the construction may
with safety be delayed until the works at and near
Bloody Island have begun to exhibit their effects,
and their need of assistance by means of any de-
flection of the channel to be made at the chain of
rocks.
"Two considerations seriously affect this, or any
other plan of a dike: 1st. The height which it
would be proper to raise the dike; and 2d. The
depth which the work would probably sink in the
bed of the river. It is evident, that if the dike
