1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S8?
were raised too high, it would deflect such a mass
of water into the St. Louis channel, and create
thereby so violent a current, as to produce serious
and dangerous consequences; and equally evi-
dent, that if it be too low, it would not produce
sufficient action in low stages of water to prevent
deposits. Applying to these considerations all
the facts and reasoning at command, it was de-
cided to limit the height of the dike to three feet
above the low water of the river.
" Should experience demonstrate that a greater
height ought to be given to the dam, the addition
could be easily made at any future day. In refer-
ence to the sinking of the work in the mud of the
river, it was decided, after careful investigation,
that we must assume for the sinking a depth of nine
feet. The sinking may, and probably will in
places, be greater, which will involve a greater
depth of dam work. The height of the dam will
therefore involve the settling in the mud, the depth
of water at low water, and a height of three feet
above low water. As the work is brought in con-
tact with the two shores—the Bloody Island and
Illinois shores—the structure will have to be raised
forming an abutment at each end.
" Bloody Island must be preserved, or the dike
would be comparatively useless. It became, there-
fore, necessary to anticipate the abrasion of part
of the western shore of the island, and to provide
against such a contingency by a suitable revetment
of part of the western shore of the island. It is
possible that this revetment may not be necessary,
as the mass of the current will be thrown off from
the island by the dikes; but as it is highly proba-
ble, it is proper to provide for it, and to be ready
to apply theremedy when and where required. A
revetment-to protect the shore of this island, pre-
ferred to any system of fetees, the latter for such
a purpose are considered seriously objectionable.
" The material of the work to be obtained by
contract, but the work to be put together and put
in place by hired labor, under vigilant superin-
tendents.
" These were the general views sent to the officer
(Capt. Cram) in charge of the work, with direc-
tions to prepare an estimate accordingly."
During the years 1836, '37, '44, there was ap-
propriated in favor of this work $75,000. The
amount in the bill is sufficient for the present fiscal
year.
Recent information induces the belief that the
work will in the end be less costly than was at
one time anticipated.
Line 89. Havre de Grace, Maryland.
This is a new work, but of great importance to
the trade of the Susquehannah. The amount is
sufficient for the present fiscal year.
Line 91. Breakwater structure at Great Point,
Nantucket, Massachusetts.
I am not informed on this subject. The plan
and estimate, whatever they may be, are not the
result of operations of this office.
Line 93. Harbor of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts.
Presuming this to be in continuation of former
work at this place, the amount is sufficient for the
present fiscal year.
Line 95. Provincetown harbor, Massachusetts.
This is for the continuation of old efforts, to
prevent the drifting of the beach sand, and is con-
sidered a valuable work; the amount in the bill is
sufficient for the present fiscal year.
Line 97. Wilmington, North Carolina.
The amount of the bill is adequate for the sur-
veys, but will not do much toward the improve-
ments which will probably be required. The
surveys are, however, an essential preliminary
measure.
Line 102. Harbor of Bridgeport, Connecticut.
The amount proposed in this case is adequate
for the present fiscal year.
Line 104. Harbor of Savannah, Georgia.
A valuable improvement and an old work. A
recent survey and estimate have been made, and
hove been submitted to Congress during the pres-
ent session, and are printed.
Line 107. Breakwater at Stamford Ledge, Port-
land, Maine. ,
An old and highly valuable improvement, which
has been the object of frequent appropriations.
Line 110. Harbor of Falmouth, Massachusetts.
The appropriation in those will probably accom-
plish the work, one of much value to the coasting
trade.
Line 113. Harbor of Providence, Rhode Island.
The amount in this case will, I presume, be ad-
equate to the removal of the rock in Saukonnet
river.
Line 116. Harbor at Ne«iCastle, Delaware.
The United States is under an obligation to keep
the piers at this place in repair. The amount is
sufficient for the present fiscal year.
Line 118. Harbor at Newark, New Jersey.
If the work at this place is the same as formerly
contemplated, it would be chiefly by dredging, for
which purpose the amount in the bill is inade-
quate. The best that can be done will, however,
be done with this amount, by instituting the most
careful preliminary examinations before any other
work be commenced. .
Line 122. Harbor at PortPenn, &c., Delaware.
The appropriation in this case will enable the
piers at Port Penn to be so repaired as to ceaRe to
be an injury, as they now are, or to be removed.
But it will be of little or no aid to the contem-
plated work at Reedy Island. It is contemplated
to be able, at the ensuing session of Congress, to
present a more connected system and a regularly
digested plan of the works, constituting ice har-
bors for the Delaware, so essential to the safety of
the trade of that river and bay.
Line 125. Sand Shoal in Pamlico River.
I doubt if the appropriation in this case will do
more than enable the bureau to make the required
survey and present the necessary plan and esti-
mate for the work.
Line 128. Delaware Breakwater, Delaware Bay.
A very important work, of-interest to the whole
coasting trade. The amount is sufficient for the
present fiscal year.
Line 130. Harbor of Baltimore, Maryland.
An important work, and the continuation of an
old woik. The amount is sufficient for the pres-
ent fiseal year.
Line 134. Repair and preservation of harbors
on the coast of the Atlantic ocean.
A very important appropriation, enabling the
bureau to give that general attention and timely
aid to these works which they so much and so
frequently require.
Line 136. Improvement of Hudson River.
An old and very important improvement, which
has been a frequent object of United States appro-
priations.
Line 139. St. Clair Flats.
This is one of the most important improvements
on the lakes; highly general in its character,
affecting the whole lake trade from Lake Erie to
the lakes above. It has been regularly surveyed,
and has been the subject of frequent reports to
Congress. The amount in the bill is sufficient for
the present fiseal year.
Lines 142, 144, 148, 150. Old and well-known
subjects, and of extensive national interests. The
amounts in the bill are sufficient for the present
fiscal year.
Line 152. Harbor at Stamford, Connecticut.
The survey and estimate in this case were made
in 1830. The estimate varies according to the
depth of dredging, from $11,025 to $13,250. The
appropriation proposed may do for the present fis-
cal year, if the dredging can be done by contract.
Line 154. Improvement of Hog Island channel,
South Carolina.
My im pression is, that this work is a link in the
military defences of that harbor. As a question ot
harbor improvement independent of that considera-
tion, I have no knowledge of it.
Line 157. Harbor at Manitowoc, Wisconsin.
Line 159. Harbor at Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
Both of these are important harbors, and would j
justify in the commencement the appropriation of
a greater amount for each. Regular surveys and
estimates have been made for each of these works,
and will be found printed as Senate document,
No. 179,2d session 25th Congress.
Line 161. Upper and Lower rapids of the Mis-
sissippi.
A work of great importance to 'he trade of that
river, and to the development of its resources. The
amount in the bill is sufficient for the present fiscal
year.
Line 163. Hurlgate Channel, harbor of New
York.
I am not aware of the plan in this case, or of the
authority upon which the estimate for this work
has been made. But the amount in the bill is ad-
eguate to the accomplishment of much work, and
to do it well.
Line 165. Rock in Cobscock Bay.
A survey of this bay, exhibiting the rocks at
Falls Island, was made in 1836, and is printed as
Senate document No. 73, 2d session 25th Con-
gress. A reference to this report will probably
prove that the amount in the bill will be rather in-
adequate to accomplish the object contemplated.
Line 168. Harbor at Saginaw Bay.
The amount proposed in the bill will probably**
make a reasonable beginning:
Line 171. Bayou la Fourche.*
The precise plan and object in this case being
rather unknown to me, I can only say that the
amount in the bill is probably adequate for the
present fiscal year.
Line 173. Harbor at the mouth of Clinton River.
The appropriation proposed in this case wilt
certainly accomplish the survey, and, make a be-
ginning in reference to-the improvement.
Line 176. Harbor at Pultney ville, New York.
The amount proposed is sufficient for a begin-
ning.
Line 179. Harbor at the mouth of Black River,
Michigan.
A very important improvement. The survey
and estimate were communicated to the Senate
this session, and are printed as document. No. 20, '
Senate. It might well justify a commencing ap-
propriation of double the amount stated in the bill.
Line 182 Survey of the harbor at Beaufort,
North Carolina, &c. The amount in this case
will probably accomplish the survey directed to
be made.
Line 186. Survey of the Sauk and Pike rapids.
The amount is presumed to be sufficient.
Line 191. Survey of the Delta of the Missis-
sippi. The object is of great importance. The
amount of the bill is sufficient.
Line 195. Survey of the harbor of Mobile.
This is very necessary in order to ascertain the
effects of former work, and the propriety of pur-
suing former plans for the improvement of this
harbor, or of changing them.
Line 199. Improvements and further survey
of the harbor at Richmond city, Virginia, and the
James River. An important and interesting im-
provement, for which survey and plan were once
made. The resurveys directed in the bill are
very essential.
Line 203. Snag boats, &c., for waters of Texas.
Very essential. At present without any means of
doing anything for that extensive coast, and its
many interesting harbors.
Line 206. Removal of Middle Rock, in the
harbor of New Haven, Connecticut.
The amount proposed in the bill is presumed
to be sufficient for the purpose.
Respectfully submitted,
J. J. ABERT, Col. Corps T. E.
Hon. C. M. Conrad, Secretary of War. Bureau
of Topographical Engineers.
September 1850.
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
The House, as in Committee of the Whole,
again proceeded to the consideration of the Naval
Appropriation Bill.
Mr. EWING resumed the floor, and said:
It was not my purpose to have addressed the
committee on thisall-important subject of the steam
mail service of the United States, from my want
of connection with either of the separate commit-
tees of the House within whose sphere its inves-
tigation would appropriately fall. The facilities
for its examination have not been fully afforded,
or my mind brought to its appreciation.
Finding, however, after a delay of twenty-four
hours, that no other person of more information is
anxious to give his views to the committee, and
that able addresses have been delivered against the
policy of further connection of the Government
with foreign steam mail service, it may not be
inappropriate on my part to submit a few reflec-
* The hill says, "Bajou la Fouree, in the Mississippi
river." This is an error. It should read, " Bay on ■ la
Fourche, in the State of Louisiana."
