THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1850.
New Series No. 119.
risking their capital in such hazardous and uncer-
tain enterprises. To say the least of tke project,
it would be dangerous to ail our interests in Cali-
fornia and Oregon, to prostrate our mail service
and cripple our intercourse.with that distant por-
tion of the Union. We are told that the postal
returns from these mail routes have been very-
inadequate to their expense, and that the new lines
about to be proposed from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs will be still more objectionable on this
score. If these assertions were true, it would only
cast us back orf a principle which is now receiving
favor throughout the Union, that the diffusion of
information through the mails is as legitimate a
charge upon the general revenues of the Govern-
ment as any other branch of the service. It would
k? strange, indeed, in this era of Christianity and
civilization, that it should be deemed entirely
proper to waste fifteen millions of dollars annually
in the 3uppoit of an army and navy, whose ap-
propriate functions are to destroy life and property,
whilst a single million is grudgingly withheld from
the cultivation of friendly relations with foreign
nations, and the spread of their literature amongst
our people. If such is the decision of Congress,
in the name of my country, I appeal from its en-
forcement to those whose interests are thus fatally
betrayed. We may for many long years be com-
pelled to pay our money for soldiers and seamen
to guard our coasts and territories, and so long as
it is necessary, my voice shall never be raised in
opposition to their proper support and mainte-
nance; but I earnestly trust that the time has for-
ever passed away, when they will be regarded as
favorite employees of Government, or that the
principle will be sustained as orthodox, that the
main business of society is to provide implements
for its own destruction. No.no; the main object of
our Government is peace and the diffusion of its
blessings. War is a possible thing, and therefore
must be provided for as a contingency. But the
bulk of our revenues must, in the future, be em-
ployed in the enlarged and liberal advancement
of civilization and the arts and sciences of life.
Is it true, however, that our mail steamers have
yielded little or no pecuniary returns for their out-
Jay? We have no data in regard to the Bremen
line of steamers, and, therefore, all the assertions
as to their losses are idle and conjectural. But we
do know, from authentic returns^ that the Chagres
and Panama lines have in the last year yielded
from their postage on letters and papers within a
few thousand dollars of the amount annually paid
to them by the Government. The increase in their
returns has been almost magical, and if k should
continue in like proportion for a few years,longer,
will enable us to put the postage for California and
Oregon on a similar basis with that now adopted
throughoutthe restof the Union. Thereis one gen-
eral truth, moreover, applicable to all new enter-
prises of this character, which seems to be totally
forgotten by their opponents—it requires time and
experience to give them any fair experiment. Man-
kind cannot and will not ceitainly appreciate the
advantages of any new system. Radical changes
in the avenues of information and commerce are
always more or less gradual. Butwhen thestream
fairly commences its flow, it rushes on with contin-
ually accelerated force and volume until the channels
are filled and the banks often overflowed by its vio-
lence. Let us wait patiently, then, for the fulhtestof
time, and it will be soon enough to abandon the sys-
tem when its effects are fully discerned. Nations
exist through long ages, and if their existence is
ever rendered perpetual, it must be by a cautious
but firm adherence to the advice of the great Apos-
tle, " that we should try all things, and hold fast to
that which is best."
Having now, Mr. Chairman, passed rapidly
over the arguments urged against the general
principle of the employment by the Government
of mail steamers convertible into those of war,
I shall devote the remainder of my time to a par-
ticular investigation -of the merits of the plan in-
troduced by the committee for a connection with
the coast of Africa. Two benefits proposed by
this scheme stand prominently forward, and chal-
119
lenge our undivided attention—the transporta-
tion of free blacks from our coast to Liberia, and
the partial civilization of southern Africa. Are
these worthy objects, and susceptible of accom-
plishmentby the means proposed? These are
questions of vast and thrilling interest in what-
ever light they are viewed. It is a fact, universally
admitted in the North and South, that free persons
of color are doomed to hopeless inferiority and
degradation so long as they remain within ihe
limits of the United States. There is an instinct-
ive and almost universal repulsion between them
and the whites throughout the whole extent of the
onization Society to enlighten the understanding
of free negroes in regard to the location, products,
and climate of Liberia, it still remains to them a
terra incognito. The length and infrequency of
voyages to that country, vastly diminishes their
interestin the whole matter. It is impossible to
impress strongly on the minds of ignorant persons
the character or value of any object, unless through
sight. They listen to tales of wealth and splen-
dor, from the mouths of those who are better in-
formed, but when they are required to prove their
faith by action, and desert the only home they have
ever known, for one from which a chance traveler
Union. Separated from the dominant race by jj has now and then returned, it is not strange that
original and distinctive marks in their physical
organization, the difference of color completes the
division, and renders the line of demarcation for-
ever impassable. Whatever may be the arguments
against such a state of opinion or society, the
fact remains, far beyond the reach of reason or
authority^ and bitter indeed are its fruits to both
races, but more particularly to the free blacks.
It is almost immaterial to them in what section
of the country they are located, they are equally
objects of pity, loathing, and inferiority, whether
resident on the banks of the Hudson or the Mis-
sissippi. Crowded together in our large cities they
perform all the menial services of life, and are
most' frequently found in the sewers of squalid
filth and penury. There are, no doubt, numerous
the proffered boon is refusejj, and even slavery at
home preferred to this distant exile. If our steam-
ships should be enabled to make four or five voy-
ages annually to the coast pf Africa, bringing back
samples of its productions, with letters from those
who have emigrated, commendmgits soil-, climafce,
and productions—if those whQ have resided there
for years, should revisit their native land, andgive
living evidence to^their brethren of the happiness
and wealth to be acquired by removal to Liberia,—
these considerations must and would operate pow-
erfully upon our resident blacks. The immigration
at first would probably be slow and hesitating, but
after a few hundred individuals had been persuad-
ed to embark, the same causes which now oper-
ate in doubling European emigration to our shores
exceptions to this general rule; but one feature of ;j would hasten the departure of numbers. One
their melancholy history is universal—they fill j! member of a family having gone, would induce the
no stations of honor, they exercise no employ- ,! remainder soon to follow, and thus thousands
ments of trustor profit, and the great objects of'j would at length be ready and willing to retrace
life, ambition, fame, improvement, and progress, I their steps towards their ancestral land.
are to them shadows without any corresponding
substance. They can have no esprit de corps, no
nation, no name, and resemble very greatly the
wandering Gypsies who once overspread modern
Europe. The evils of such a position are incal-
culable, and its misery is darkened by the hope-
lessness of change. Year after year they fill the
records of crime and increase the great calendar
of iniquity. In the southern States their presence
is dangerous alike to the peace of the slave and
the white man; they have been connected more or
less with all the attempted insurrections in that
quarter of the Union; their immunity from forced
labor is a standing reproach to the slave, and
causes them ofien to grieve for a position which
is really far more unhappy than that of slavery
itself. This picture is not overcharged, and its
living features are daily presented in all sections
of thecountry. If we can, then, radically alter its
lineaments, and this can only be done by the ex-
patriation of these persons, it is certainly our duty
to give every possible scheme for their removal
our utmost consideration.
If I should be mistaken in these views, and but
few blacks who are now free can ever be induced
te emigrate, there is one result which would be
certain. In ail the southern States, (after the es-
tablishment of this line of steamers,) emancipation
would be entirely predicated on the consent of
the slaves to their emigration to Liberia. This
is even now the established policy of many of the
southern States, including my own; but it would
be most rigorously enforced if there were a cheap,
convenient, and expeditious mode for their trans-
portation. The most liberal and philanthropic
masier, on giving the boon of freedom, might
well insist on placing his freed men in a situa-
tion that would finally be most advantageous to
themselves, and not incompatible with the safety
of those of his own race and kindred. What*-
ever may be the disposition of the citizens of
other slave States, I can speak for many of those
of my own State (Tennessee) in saying, that if
they could get clear of their slaves on terms of
humanity and policy to their State, they would
readily do so. Within my own district, in the
It is not proposed by the plan of the Committee '{ last twenty years, very many negroes have been
on Naval Affairs to enforce their transportation
against their consent. Such a law would proba-
bly be unconstitutional on the part of Congress,
and certainly inhuman in its operation on the pop-
ulation to whom it was applied; the whole system
is voluntary, and intended as one of beneficence
and mercy.
Three steamers are intended to ply alternately
every three months from the ports of New York,
Baltimore, and New Orleans, touching at other
points for the reception of passengers. They are
to be amply fitted for the accommodation of those
transported, with their baggage and provisions.
They will carry and bring letters from those in
Africa to their brethren in America, and vice
versa, so that information will be widely diffused
as to the benefits of the colonization, and their
mode of treatment on their voyage. «
It is saick, Mr. Chairman, that but comparatively
few free blacks have ae yet been induced to emi-
grate, and that this scheme will prove idle and
illusory, from the same causes which have been
hitherto in operation. This assertion is hazarded
svithout due reflection as to the changes to be pro-
duced in the inclination of men by the diffusion of
information from Liberia, with the. speedy and
pleasant means of transit to its shores.
Notwithstandiag all the noble efforts of our Col-
emancipated in the face of our stringent laws on
the subject; hundreds more would have been dis-
charged, if there had been any avenues opened for
their safe and happy removal from the country.
Persons of wealth dying without children, and
having Ic^g been connected with their servants
as their masters and guardians, feel oftentimes an
invincible repugnance to scattering their slaves
amongst collateral relations, thus breaking up
family ties, and rending asunder the hallowed as-
sociations of a lifetime. In all these cases, eman-
cipation and transportation would be an agreeable
and happy mode of avoidirg the difficulty, if it
could be accomplished with humanity to the slaves
themselves.
The State of Tennessee, for very many years,
paid ten dollars ^ head for the transportation of
each free black to the coast of Africa. She was
reluctantly compelled, a few years since, to repeal
this salutary law, in order to prevent the fell spirit
of abolitionism from visiting us under the guise
of colonization. If, however, our citizens could
be satisfied that everything was bona fide, and
colonization alone intended, she would gladly re-
new her policy. Virginia has appropriated forty
thousand dollars annually to the same noble ob-
ject. Maryland has herself a separate colony on
the coast of Africa, and all the other States of th$
