im -J
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
taken to say, and that before the committee of
thirteen had been elected, what subjects would be
joined, and what not; and, although he spoke for
a thing- before it existed, yet the event may show
that he had warrant for what he said—difficult as
it might seem to be to speak for a committee, and'
speak its sentiments, before it was created. He,j
may have spoken upon warrant; but we of the*
'outside have no such inside views, and can only!
look at the question as presented on the record. 5
By that we see that the eight slavery resolutions!
submitted by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.f
Clay,] and the nine submitted by the Senator fromf
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] making seventeen in thej
whole, are all referred to this committee of thir-i
teen, not only without instructions, but upon a
resolve of the Senate to give none, and with full
knowledge that an amalgamation bill was to settle
the whole slavery agitation, was the object of the
reference. With this outside view of the commit-
tee's purpose, I can only look to the resolutions
themselves for the amalgamation subjects; and
there we find subjects enough, and various enough,
and complicated enough, and distracting enough,
and some of them difficult enough, to jeopard any
bill to which they may be joined. Let us see
them; and first, those of the Kentucky Senator:
Mr. Clay's resolutions.
" It being desirable, for tlie peace, concord, and harmony
of the (Jinon of these States, to settle and adjust amicably
all existing questions of controversy between them, aiding
out'of the institution of slavery, upon a lair, equitable, and
just basis: Therefore,
1st. ReioUed, Tftat California, with suitable boundaries,
ought upon her application to be admitted as one of tlie
States or this. Union, without the imposition by Congicss. of
any le&triction in re&jieet to the exclusion or introduction of
slavery withm those boundaries.
lid. Resolved, 1 hat as slavery does not exist by law, and is
not hkeiy to be introduced into any of the territory acquired
by tho United States front tlie Republic of Mexico, it is in-
expedient toi Congress to provide by law cither for its intro-
duction into or exclusion from any part of the said territory;
and th.it appropuate terntonal governments ought to "be
iblislH d by Oim i<>ss m all ol the said terutory, not ds-
Biyncd as tin; boundaries of the piopoted estate of California,
without tin1 adoption of any reduction oi condition on the
subject oi slavery.
3d. Raolved, Tnat the western boundaiy of the State of
Texas ou^ht to be iuod on the ltio del Norte, commencing
one marine league lioin lis mouth, and iunmng up that river
to the southern line of New Mexico; thence with that hue
eastwaidly, ami so continuing m the same direction to the
lino as established between the United Stales and Spam,
excluding any portion of New Mexico, whether lying on the
ea-.t or west of that river.
4th. Resolved* Thai it be proposed to the State of Texa^,
that the United States will provide for the payment ol all
th.it poition ol the h^itmiat' ,twd bona Ji-le public d< bt ol
that M.ile eofits.iC'fd prior to its annexation to ihe United
Hf.ile<, and l'-i vvniefi fie duties on fou i n nnpoits were
pledgi <1 by ihe said State to H*- eiedif/?;, not exceeding
the «<tmi < f A' , in consideration ot the paid dutioa >-o I
pledged liav.ng been no lonsror applicable to that object .liter j
the haid annexation, hut having tiieiu elorwatd become pay-
able to tin' United states; and upon the conditio,! al-o that
tlie stud State of 'JVxas shall, by >-onio solemn and authentic
act oi her Lcgirdature, or ol a convention, ldinqui&h to the
United Stiiea any claim which it has to any pait ol A:evv
Mexico.
5ih. Resolved, That it is inexpedient to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia, whilst tn.u institution continues to
exist ni the atate ot Mar)land, without the eon-cut ol that
Sent'--, witm >ut the of the people ol the District, and
without jmt compensation to the owners ol slaves within
the Lh-tik't.
6th, Bui i csolvd, That it is expedient to prohibit within
the District the slave Made, m slaves biought into it iiorn
Stat' ? or places beyond the hunts of the District, either to
be --old thei em as ineichandi?e, or to be nanspoi ted toother
m.uket-. without the District ot Columbia.
7th. Rciolveth That more eliecfual piovision ought to be
made by law, according to the iequnement ot the Constitu-
tion, lor the refutation and dehveiy ot peisons bound to
s"rviee or labor in any State, who may escape into any other
St He or territory m the Urwon.
And tftii. Rtiolrcdy That Ooiifrre&s has no power to pro-
luu.t or obstruct the trade in slaves betvv> on the ^lasehold-
isi^C .;:ales; but thai the admission or e\elu-.ion of slaves
brought liom one into another of them, depends exclusively
upon their own particular laws,"
Mr. Bell's resolutions.
u 1. Resolved, Tnat the obhira'ioi, to comply with thecon-
d.tion and guaiantee above roeitcd in good faith be distinctly
recognized^ and that, m pait cniphJiie.- with the same, as
soon as the p. ople ot Tca,i  siia.i, by an act of their Lcgis-
latuie, Sigruiy their aw.ent b\ lei-inum.? the hri n theieof
wit'.in tne terutoiy King e.v-t <>t Hi.. Trinity and south ot
the lied liver, a.sd wi.en the p'ople oi the ie-idue ot the
termor} ciauiud by Texas', lyinf south ol the 3-ilii p.ualiel
ol north latitude and west ot the Trmit.,, \v ita tlie as- I
sent ofT^xas, adopt a eon^titiition ifipuhhr in in foun, they j
be admitted into the Union upon an equal tooting in all re- i
spect-s with the oiuinal .states. " j
2. Resolved, That if 'iYxa-s shall a^ree to cede, the United [
States will accept a ces-ion ol all tne unappropualcd do- ]
mam in all the terntoiy claimed  )> Texn- l>mg wt-t ol the '|
Colorado, and Ji'hna ninth to (he 4*Jd parallel or north \\
latitude, togetiiei with the jurisdiction and soveicisinty ot all !'
the territory claimed by Texas north of the 34th paiailel of (|
north latitude, and to pay therefor a sum not exceeding
 millions ot dollars, to be applied m the first place to
the extinguishment of any poition of the existing pubhe
debt of Texas, foi the discharge of which the United States
are under any obligation, implied or otherwise, and the re-
mainder as Texas shall require.
3. Resolved} That when the population of that portion of
the territory claimed by Texas, lying south of the 34th paral-
lel of north latitude and west of the Coloiado, shall be equal
to the ratio of representation in Congress under the last pre-
ceding apportionment, according to the provisions ot the
Constitution, and the people of such territory shall, with
the assent ot the new State contemplated in the preceding
resolution, have adopted a State constitution republican in
form, they be admitted into the Union as a State upon an
equal footing with the original States.
4. Resolved, That all the territory now claimed by Texas,
lying north of the 34th parallel of north latitude, and which
may be ceded to the United States by Texa-s, be incorpo-
rated with the territory of New Mexico, except such part
thereof aa lies east of the Rio Grande, and South of the 3Hh
parallel of north latitude; and that the territory so com-
posed form a State, to be admitted into the Union, when
the inhabitants thereof shall adopt a State constitution, re-
publican in form, with the consent of Congress ; but m the
mean time, and until Congress shall give such consent,
provision be made for the government of the inhabitants of
said territory suitable to their condition, but without any
restriction as to slavery.
5. Resolved, That all the territory ceded to the United
States by the ueatyol Guadalupe Hidalgo, lying west of
said teiritory of New Mexico, ami east of the contemplated
new State of California, for the present constitute one ter-
ntoiy ; and for which some form of government, suitable to
the condition of tlie inhabitants, be provided, without any
restriction ar* to*slaveiy.
6. Resoljed, That the constitution recently formed by
the people of the western portion of California, and pre-
sented to Congress by the President on the 13th day of
February, 1830, be accepted ; and that they be admitted into/
the Union as a State, upon an equal footing in all respects
with the oihunat States.
7. Resolved, That m lutine the foimalion of State consti-
tutions by the inhabitants of the territories of the United
States be regulated by law; and that no such constitution
be hereafter formed or adopted by the inhabitants of any
territory belonging to the United States without the consent
and authority of Congress.
8. Resolved, That, the inhabitants of any territory of the
United States, when lhe\ shall be authorized by Congress
to form a State constitution, shall have the sole and exclu-
sive power to lemlatc and adjust all questions of internal
State policy, of whatever uature they may be, eoutioiled
only by the rohtiietious expiessly imposed by the Constitu-
tion ot the United States.
9. Revived, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to leport a bill in conformity with tin, spit it and prin-
ciple* of tlie foregoing resolutions.
These are the subjects referred to the committee
of thirteen, and out of winch they are to make
one bill, by tacking more or less of these seven-
teen subjects to the California admission bill. The
bare reading of the list, announces the enormity
of the proposition. JNTo one of them can be added
to the California bill without insult and injury to
the State, and flagrant violation of parliamentary
law, and without destruction to fair legislation.
Fair legislation requires, that every branch of the
legislative power, and each member of every
blanch, should have an opportunity to vote his
sentiments freely and fairly on every subject before
him. Iveep these subjects separate, and every
member can vote as he thinks right on each one;
unite them, or any two of them, and that freedom
is lost to a part ot the members. They must vote
for something they condemn, in order to save what
they want, or vote against what they approve, to
avoid what they condemn. This, we &ie already
informed, will be the case with the two Scuators
from Mciine, [Messrs. 1-Jamllv and Bradbury,] if
the territorial governments are united with the
State bill; and it may be the case of others; and
so upon every conjunction of the different subjects
which may be made. If a conjunction is made in
the Senate, it may occasion dissent in the House
of Representatives, and the bill may be lost m the
disagreement between the two Houses, if the
two Houses shall agiee in the conjunction, the.
President may not, and may see cause for a veto
in one part, and not in the other; but must disap-
prove all, in order to get rid of the objectionable
part. Thus, by the conjunction, no part of the
legislative power would be able to scl freely and |
fairly—neither the individual members of the two i
Houses, nor the Houses collectively, nor the Presi- '
dent himself. Ibis would be destructive to all
fair and wise legislation. ,
To California the actual injury, independent of '
the insult, would be, and already is great. The •
attempt to couple her admission with other sub- j
jects has delayed her; tlie actual coupling may de- 1
feather. The attempt has already consumed ei°"ht \
weeks: her bill is hung up two weeks longer for :
the return of those by whose help she has already i
been delayed eight: and when they get back, then j
the struggle will just begin, if the conjunction is j
actually made, then the bill may be lost either in
the disagreement of the two Houses, or under the
Executive veto. In everyway the conjunction,
either effected or only attempted, is disastrous to
California: and have we not some signs of dan-
ger? The committee has been appointed. Its
composition does not encourage the friends of
California. A Senator now present, [Mr. Butler,
of South Carolina,] no advocatofor the admission
of California, and too frank to conceal his senti-
ments, has permitted them to be seen, though
^delicately veiled under a dead language, and since
the appointment of the committee. He talked
Latin to California, and said he would say to her,
[Sat cilo si sat tuto. The Senator did not translate
;his Latin, as they do in the British Parliament,
;'for the benefit of the country members: i will do
it for him. It runs, then, thus, in my English:
I tell California she will have good luck if she gets
in at alt! and, understanding it m this sense, and
'considering the authority from which it comes, I
deem the intimation which it implies a very full
hint, and significant of some lurking danger.
A committee of thirteen is raised. Its composi-
tion does not announce friendship to the prompt
and free admission of California. The struggle is
to prevent that committee from tacking other mat-
ters upon that bill; and in that struggle we have
parliamentary law again on our side. That law-
forbids a bill to be sent to an inimical committee".
Hear it:
"Those who tafte exceptions to some particulars in the
bill, are to be of the committee; but none who &ptak di-
rectly against the body of the bill. For he that would totally
destroy will not amend it, (authorities cit* d,) and the child
is not to be put to a nurse that cares not for ir. It is there-
fore a constant rule i that no man is to bo employed m any
matter that has declared himself agaiast it.'"—Jejfeison's
Manual.
This is the law; and, tried by its provisions, the
little California child that we have got here would
not be sent to this committee to be nursed. There
are nurses enough, m all conscience, thirteen ! but,
whether as wet or dry nurses, the law would con-
demn them; for, I apprehend, they would neither
give milk to the babe when it was hungry, nor
wash its face and put a clean apron upon it when
it was dirty. No real mother, or father—nothing
but a stepmother, or stepfather, would send a
child to such a nurse. The laws of nature forbid
it. Upon the same principle the Senate should
not send the California bill to this committee.
The law of Parliament forbids it.
I have shown you the law, in the book, against
tacking bills. 1 have shown you that this word
tack, which I have introduced into my resolution,
and which may possibly stick to the committee if
they undertake to stick two or three of these bills
together, is a parliamentary phrase, in the sense I
use it, and so used in parliamentary books: I now
ha .re to show it so used in dictionaries of the high-
est authority, and with condemnation of tacking,
in every case, whether of law, politics, or religion.
Hear Richardson:
"Tack: a small nail, to hold—to holt! fast—to fix—to
fasten."
And he gives examples of its application by dif-
ferent writers; thus by Dean Swift in his Four
Last Years of Ctueen Anne:
c;Tnp iensonablene->s of uniting to a money lull one of a
different natuie, which is u^unlly called lacking, hat'i been
i likewise much debated, and will admit of argument enough."
| And thus Bishop Burnet, in his Own Times:
! "Some iarks had been made to many bills in King
, Charles's reign.55
j And thus Dryden in the dedication of his Juvc-
! nal:
4< Laws were &l«o called legis $-olwf<p when thry w^r1 of
seveial heads and titles, like our tacked bill* oi parchment."
Legis saturaz! Saturated laws—shifted—ciammcd
—glutted—gorged laws. What a title! and how-
apt arid lit for the law which may be made the
receptacle of tlie seventeen propositions—eight
from Kentucky and nine from Tennessee—which
this committee are to compound out of the ingre-
dients we fend to them ! Certainly we may call it
the saturated law when it comcs back to us so
crowded with strange and incongruous ingredients.
But fo proceed with the dictionary. Here is a re-
ligious quotation from Waterlaml's works:
'* i'ou. to give a s-preimen of your arc.it r ry in form-
ing a scheme, have maivelonsiv tacked \w<> point- f-«ethor,
one of w,uch will suit onlv with Use rfocmian M-lieme, the
othtr only with th« Amu, Oi Catholic."
Such are some of the examples of the use of the
word in the dictionary—sufficient to vindicate its
