1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 20,.
Union, whether slave or free, have adopted, or no
doubt will adopt, the same liberal course of policy.
These views may, and no doubt will, be regard-
ed as heterodox by many of my southern friends.
They are, however, the result of my deepest
conviction, and so far from being dangerous or
inimical to the institution of slavery, their appli-
cation and extension into practice is it3 only true
safeguard and protection. My only answer, "there-
fore, to them is in the language of the great Apostle:
"After the way that some call heresy, I worship
the God of my fathers."
The exploration and civilization of Southern
Africa has long been a favorite scheme of philan-
thropy with the best spirits of Great Britain and
the United States. Pity and remorse for the in-
numerable wrongs perpetrated upon her barbarous
and simple children have greatly increased this
noble feeling. The map of her country has been
rolled up almost from the foundation of the world;
she has no history, and scarcely a tradition. Now
and then a solitary an4 adventurous traveler has,
at the risk of his life, penetrated her interior, and
brought back wondrous tales of her population,
habits, and customs; but these feeble lights have
given only a glimpse of the truth, and left us more
anxious to change and ameliorate her condition.
The English have made settlements and acquired
territory in the neighborhood of the Cape of Good
Hope, and are gradually extending their power
and influence in all the surrounding country. We
have established a feeble colony at Liberia, which,
under the voluntary and munificent patronage of
a few leading men, is now slowly and painfully
extending itself into the interior of the peninsula.
It has been amply shown by the able report of the
distinguished chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, [Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee,] that the soil
of this region is very fertile, and that it will and
may produce articles fit and proper for sale arid
transportation. Coffee, dyewoods, ginger, arrow-
root, potatoes, and tropical fruits, can be grown to
an almost unlimited extent, and the genfal clime
will reproduce several times during the year. The
climate is admirably fitted for the negro race, and
hitherto, in the intercourse with the barbarous tribes
of the country, peaceful civilization has preserved
a preponderance. Instead of our free blacks sinking
back into the barbarism of their ancestral land, the
native tribes have advanced in the career of civili-
zation and improvement. The great danger to our
Liberian colony is in the fact, that this happy re-
sult may not be continued, and they may finally
be overwhelmed in barbarism from their unre-
strained intercourse with their neighbors. Only
semi-civilized themselves, and so far removed from
the sustaining power and influence of the whites,
it is a melancholy but not impossible event, that
they may be swallowed up in the barbaric dark-
ness that overspreads the land. Their only shield
against such a catastrophe will consist in their fre-
quent intercourse with our shores, and the constant
infusion of new elements.of population from their
former homes. It would be a burning shame upon
our Republic, if the light of this infant colony
should be extinguished from the parsimony and
neglect of its parent. We now pay a large sum,
under the treaty of Washington in 1843, Jjpr sus-
taining a fleet on the African coast, m order to
prevent the slave trade; yet it is of but little prac-
tical use in accomplishing this object, whilst it is
notorious that the Liberian colonists, by negotia-
tion and purchase, have broken up several slave
markets, and done much to cast discredit on the
whole trade through their connection with the
native tribes.
The committee of the English House of Com-
mons were equally divided in opinion at their last
session, on the policy and propriety of further
maintaining their fleets on the coast of Africa for
the restraint of the slave trade. So many disad-
vantages have attended this system, and so little
has been accomplished by it in the great cause of
humanity, that public opinion is already staggered
in England, and may shortly be altogether changed.
If so, colonization would then remain as the only
stake which philanthropy could play in this great
game for human amelioration and happiness.
Having thus hastily glanced at the two promi-
nent advantages to be achieved by what is here
familiarly known as the " Ebony line," and de-
monstrated, as far as in my power, their inherent
good, and the general feasibility of their accom-
plishment, it only remains to say a few more words
on the details of this particular measure. It is pro-
posed by the contractors for this new line, to carry
to the shores of Africa from fifteen hundred to
twenty-five hundred free persons of color on each
trip, to be paid ten dollars a head for each person
from the Colonization Society or the States, and
forty thousand dollars per trip from the General
Government. They are to carry and bring the mails
from Africa, to touch on their return at some de-
signated ports on the Mediterranean, and at Liver-
pool or London. The expenses of their voyages
will be far greater than any compensation received
either for free negroes or transportation of the
mails. But they hope to reimburse themselves by
emigrant passengers from Europe, and other sources
of emolument. These hopes may fail, and the
whole scheme may be sunk. We are entering
upon an untried ocean, and can only look dimly
through the vista of coming years. But the pros-
pect is fair, and the probability in favor of success.
This is all that can ever he predicated of any new
enterprise; and when the object is good and suc-
cess probable, we oiu'ht never to hesitate, and sink
back upon our doubts and fears.
If we should fail now, my motto, so far as the
general objects are concerned, would still be, "nil
desperandum est." If we cannot colonize Africa,
and send our free negroes there, we must try the
West India Islands, and search along the whole
coast of South America, for some point where we
may plant our standard and make homes for these
unfortunate persons. They cannotgo on increasing
in our midst without danger to us and misery to
them. It is the part, therefore, of statesmen and
philanthropists to provide a speedy and effectual
remedy for this evil. "VVe may spend millions in
these attempts, but we are now continually wasting
our means on inferior objects of policy, and ought
not to shrink from those which are so much nobler
and better. Whatever may be the course of others
on these subjects, my policy is fixed; and so long
as my voice is heard in the national councils, itshall
still be raised in the cause of philanthropy and the
advancement ofhuman happiness. The modes of
their accomplishment may be feeble and unsatis-
factory, but the sweet remembrance will remain,
of having dared to do all that became a man in the
struggle for their success.
Mr. SCHENCK said, he should not detain the
committee by entering into a discussion as to the
propriety of adopting any of the amendments
which had been proposed to this bill. He should
neither discuss the proposition for establishing a
line of steamers to run to the coast of Africa, nor
any other proposition in relation to the mail service,
at this time. That subject had been thoroughly
discussed by other gentlemen on that floor. So
far as the African line was concerned, he would
say, however, that there were gentlemen in that
House, from all sections of the Union, who could
not discover in the establishment of that line the
bugbear which seemed to present itself to the
mind of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Venable.] It was sufficient for him at present to
say in regard to that line, that if the amendment
providing for its establishment should be proposed,
be would vote for it, or if the proposition were
brought forward in a separate bill, he would vote
for it. But in saying this, he did not wish to be
understood as committing himself as to any par-
ticular plan in regard to any line of mail steamers.
He should reserve to himself the privilege of being
governed by a due regard to the merits of the
plan proposed. They had had, yesterday, from
the gentleman from Missouri, an extended history
of the whole system of ocean mail steamers. And
that gentleman, not finding a proposition actually
before the House in relation to the subject, either
in the shape of an amendment or of a provision
of the bill itself, had gone aside to find wind-mills
to combat with, in the memorial that had hereto-
fore been presented to the House.
Mr. PHELPS (the floor being temporarily
yielded- to him) made a few remarks, which,
owing to his position, the Reporter was unable to
hear.
Mr. SCHENCK (resuming) said, it certainly
appeared to him that the gentleman from Missouri
was wrons in the couise of argument which he
had presented yesterday. He was glad to hear
from Ihe gentleman, howeter, that he did not con-
sider either of these two schemes as among those
that he regarded as visionary. The gentleman from
Missouri and himself would pr-obably agree so far
as that was concerned; and they would probably
agree, too, in what he was about to say, that so far
as these various lines of mail steamers were con-
cerned, he, for one, intended to vote for or against
any or all of them according to what might appear
to be the merits of such line when presented for
the consideration of that House. At present he*
did not think it necessary to go into any such gen-
eral discussion on the subject of mail steamers as
some gentlemen had deemed proper to indulge in.
Nevertheless, that he believed that all had been saidf
in reference to this proposed African line was un-
doubtedly pertinent to the subject that was imme-
diately before the House, because notice had been
given by the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs that he intended to offer ar>
amendment embracing a proposition for the estab-
lishment of such a line; and all that he had to say
in relation to that was, that having given the sub-
ject some consideration, both in the committee and
out of it, the gentleman did introduce his amend-
ment he w§s prepared to vote for it.
But what he wished more particularly to speak
of at this time—what he desired especially to in-
vite the attention of the committee to, was a gen-
eral view of the naval bill as it jvas brought for-
ward, proposing appropriations for that branch of
the public service. There had been a discussion
of some two days upon this naval appropriation
bill, and except an incidental allusion—consisting
for the most part, he believed, of attacks upon it—
but little had been said concerning the bill itself,
orany ofitsdetails. This was theonly opportunity
that had been presented to him to make any re-
marks in reference to the bill, and as a member of
the Naval Committee, fee purposed now, in as brief
a manner as possible, to submit some remarks to
the House and to the country m regard to the bill
in its general features. And he did so for the pur-
pose of replying to the assumptions and eharges
which were continually being made, that of all the
branches of the public service, that which called
for the most extravagant, the most enormous, and
therefore improper appropriations, was the navy.
Sir, (continued Mr. S.,)l do not believe it to be so.
And now let me ask the attention of the committee
to a few considerations connected with the bill, and
the items of appropriation which the bill contains.
It is the fashion, sir, to abuse the navy. It is
the fashion to attack the appropriations for the
navy. Every one who takes the trouble to observe
the proceedings of Congress at ail must be awars,
that in a popular body like this there must always
be some safety-valve through which the surplus
steam and gas may expend itself. Sometimes the
subject of cavil and complaint is one thing and
sometimes another. Just now it happens to be,
with certain gentlemen, the navy. I remember that
there was once—it was before I had a seat in this
body—a characteristic expression of John Gtuincy
Adams, introduced into one of his messages to
Congress, that brought down all the accumulated
| wrath of the Democracy. He spoke of a light-
lj house in the sky, as a figurative expression for a
National Observatory, or something of that sort.
Well, sir, the phrase was reechoed everywhere
! from the stump, as if it had been some enormous
' thing that must necessarily shake the Republic to
'j its very centre—as if it was something that was
li going to endanger the liberties of the people. It
ji was made to answer the purpose of good Demo-
, cratic thunder for several years. In the progress
■ of reason, however, and good sense, the Congress
of the United States, under the name of a depot of
; charts, established a National Observatory; and it
I! was found that we had scientific men among the
officers of our navy. Some of them were detailed
, to the discharge of duty in this Observatory; and
, the result of their labors has been to furnish a
,! large addition to the stock of scientific information
!; for the benefit of the whole world. Latterly we
;i have heard nothing more about light-houses m the
l: sky. The theme had served its purpose, and been
abandoned. After awhile it became the fashion to
abuse the Military Academy at West Point, as an
: institution where young lordlings were educated
! and prepared to oppress with iron-heel the people
I of this country, with a great deal of similar trash,
'i which it is not necessary to repeat, it was harped
: upon to a great extent by gentlemen who were in
;| want of some such hobby, and a great quantity of
Democratic thunder was expended upon that theme.
By and by we had a war with Mexico, and tt was
found that this Military Academy, which had been
