1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1893
till then, can reform be effected judiciously and
properly.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. I will ask the gentleman
whether he does not think it would be safe to
adopt the amendment which I proposed yesterday,
as it will be seen upon an examination of that
amendment that it proposes to do nothing until the
commencement of the next fiscal year.
Mr. BAYLY. I will say with perfect candor
to my friend from Tennessee, that I have not had
time to examine his scheme, and to understand its
merits, {t so occurred that I was engaged on the
committee of conference at the time when the gen-
tleman was making his speech, which, I am told,
did him much credit. Consequently, I did not
hear it, nor have 1 since had time to read it; though
1 must say, that I doubt the propriety at this late
period of the session, without an opportunity for
further investigation than I have had, of underta-
king to make a reduction or a reform in the navy.
I do not know that the gentleman's scheme will
produce such reform as it would be desirable to
make. My friend asks me, if the time will ever
come when a reform will be effected ? I am very
mjich in hopes, sir, that his own speech will do
much towards preparing the way for reform by
awakening the attention of the country to the sub-
ject.
A great deal has been said in this debate about
the large amount of these appropriations. Well,
sir, they are large, very large. I have already ex-
plained the origin of these large appropriations,
and 1 do not mean to go over that ground again-
but I feel it my duty to say to this House, that
as large as these appropriations are, the House
has no idea what they would have been but for
the rigid scrutiny and- the economy which the
Committee of Ways and Means have been dis- I
posed to force upon the Government. They have j
only seen here what we have passed; they have j
not seen the vast amount, the vast number of!
objects of expenditure, which, upon examination I
we have rejected. They have seen here only our '
errors, if we have committed errors; they have
not seen the good that we have done—that is
buried in our committee room.
In reference to this bill, sir, there was not one
of all the appropriation bills that the committee
took more pains with. And 1 desire to say, in
conclusion of these few remarks, that I hope this
House will vote down all amendmenls that may
be proposed. I am not now speaking with refer-
ence to the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee, because that has not been before our
committee, and it comes appropriately from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, over which the gen-
tleman from Tennessee presides with so much
credit to himself. But, with reference to the sub-
jects that have been before the committee, and
there is a vast number of them, I call upon this
House to vote down every one of them, for the
committee has incorporated in this bill all that
ought to be passed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he hoped,
before the gentleman from Virginia took his seat,
he would allow him to call his attention to one j
other matter, in regard to which he hoped the com- . i
mittee would not agree with the distinguished
onQ I pivia n rt K tk a   r fc I _ _ TIT. l n *
   kji n ujro «uu irjLcaucsj
although they might agree with him in reference
to other points in which he had attempted to effect u
a reduction of the amount of appropriations in this i1
bill. I allude, (said Mr. S„) to the item in these ap- j
propriations for the Observatory, which, under the j
advice of the late Secretary of the Navy, was re- I
duced to an extent that will subject the operations 'j
of that establishment to considerable embarrass- !j
ment and inconvenience. After I teamed that the Jj
Secretary had been before the Committee of Ways];
and Means, and had agreed to a reduction in this '
part of the appropriations of a few thousand dol-
lars—a sum insignificant in itself, but the withhold-
ing of which will do a very material injury to the
public service—I saw the Secretary of 'the Navy,
and conversed with him on the subject, and I be-
lieve that his views are changed in reference to
this matter, though I cannot positively assert that
such is the case; but I know that the assent of the
Secretary was given to the making of this reduc-
tion before he had consulted with the officers en-
gaged at the Observatory, to ascertain to what ex-
tent a reduction might be made. I hope my friend
from Virginia, who is, I believe, inclined to be
liberal in reference to'all objects that are just and
proper, will reconsider this matter, and not make
this establishment suffer a reduction which must
materially reduce its efficiency.
Mr. BAYLY. It is true, as the gentleman from
Tennessee says, that the Secretary of the Navy
did agree to this reduction of the appropriation for
theObservatory; but the gentleman is entirely mis-
taken if he supposes that the Committee of Ways
and Means came to the determination they did to
make this reduction in consequence of his assent;
because we saw very clearly that he knew nothing
about the matter, and his opinion, therefore, did
not influence us at all. We determined to restrict
this appropriation because we were satisfied that
the estimates which were sent to us were too lar<*e.
I have said all that I desire to say, and will not
detain the committee any longer.
Mr. B. having concluded—
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] to strike out the first section.
The first section is as follows:
"Be it enacted, ^-c., That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, (or the year ending
the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
one.
" For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers, and
spampn, including: the engineer corps of the navy, two mil-
lion seven hundred and fifty-eight thousand two hundred and
sixty-two dollars
Mr. STANTON withdrew the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS moved an amendment (pro forma)
to reduce the amount of this section two millions
of dollars.
He stated that his object in moving this amend-
ment was to have an opportunity to refer to the
enormous appropriations made for officers who are
performing no services. No less than five twelfths
of the whole amount appropriated for the pay of
the navy is for salaries of officers who are not ex-
pected to perform any duties during: this fiscal year.
According to the estimates of the Secretary of the
Navy, the items of appropriation are as follow:
For pay of commission, warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including
the engineer corps of the navy §2,758,262
Now, he repeated that five twelfths of this
amount estimated for officers will be paid to offi-
cers who are to perform no service during this fis-
cal year, as it appears from an inspection of the
following items:
For pay of commission and warrant officers of the
navy, including tile engineer corps, notonduty.. 8300,000
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers
and seamen, including the engineer corpi, re-
quired for vessels proposed to be kept in com-
mission, including receiving vessels  1,975 000
For pay of officers on ordnance duty  16 700
For pay of officers at the Observatory  yi'500
For pay of officers attached to the recruiting sta- '
tions.. ..  36 600
For pay ot officers at navy-yards and naval sta-
„"°?8V;  149,576
Hospital branch at yards and stations  32,086
Ordinary branch at yards and stations  16,800
From an examination of these items it appears
, that nearly five twelfths of the appropriations for
I officers' pay is for the pay of officers who are not
1 expected to perform any service during this fiscal
year.
To show that his conclusion was correct, he
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means H T° sh?w that Vs co«.clus;°n was correct, he
although they might agree with him in reference l! ^ou!d ref?r t0 anotheF estimate to be found in the
Secretary's report. It appears that there is the
following estimate:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty officers
and seamen, including the engineer corps, of
the navy requirpd for vessels proposed to lie kept
in commission, including receiving vessels, for
fiscal year ending June 30,1651 $1,975 000
Now, estimating that there are seven thousand '
three hundred and fifty seamen, ordinary sea-
men, yeomen, armorers, ships corporals, cox-
swains, quaiteruidsters, quarter-gunners, cap-
tains of forecastle-tops, of the guard and bold,
coopers, painters, and stewards. landsmen, boys,
&c., at average annual pay of §150, this would
_ amount to  1,102,500
From these facts it would appear that there are
nearly five twelfths of the officers for whom pay
is appropriated, who are not expected to perform
any service during this fiscal year.
Mr. MORSE was opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] He
expressed regret that he had not been able to get
the floor to reply to some of the attacks which had
been made on this arm of our public service. The
allotment of five minutes, all which was now al-
lowed to him under the rule, would not permit
him to go into the subject. He could not avoid,
however, stating that in relation to theemployment
of these ocean steamers for the transportation of
the mail, the Government had the fullest authority
in the Constitution of the United States. He
could not see how California was to be supplied
with information, and the means of intercourse
with the other States, without the employment of
these mail steamers. He was utterly opposed to
those notions of economy which would lead to a
reduction of the appropriations for the navy, when
the increase of our country renders it necessary
that there should be increased expenditures in thia
branch of the public service.
He defended the officers of the navy not on duty
against the imputations cast on them by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, and dwelt on the propriety
of keeping up our naval establishment if we desired
to maintain our position, and to provide an ade-
quate defence for our remote States. The State
of California was entitled to the same facilities of
commercial intercourse, and the same amount of
protection, as the other States. And there was no
propriety in suffering ourselves to be influenced by
pecuniary considerations.
The question was taken upon agreeing to -the
amendment it and, was rejected.
Mr. WHITE moved the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the second clause, viz:
" And there be paid by the proper accounting officer, to
William J. MeAlpine and William 1'. S. Sanger, the same
salary that was paid to their predecessors as engineers in
chief, during the time they severally performed such ser-
vice at the navy yard, JBiooklyn, New York."
He said he was directed by the Committee on
Naval Affairs to offer this amendment, for the pur-
pose of doing justice to these engineers.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
point of order, and inquired whether this appro-
priation was authorized by law.
The CHAIRMAN was understood to say that
he presumed there was a law providing for the
compensation of services of this sort.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. The nature
of the amendment is to increase the pay of these
officers ?
Mr. WHITE. The nature of the amendment
is to pay them according to the grades m which
they served. He was understood to say, that
these engineers were employed, in 1845, at th£
Brooklyn nav-y-yard, as assistant engineers, and
in 1846 received the appointment of chief engineers;
but they continued to receive only their former
compensation. This amendment was to increase
their pay to that of chief engineers.
Mr. HALL. Has this subject received the
consideration of any committee of the House?
Mr. WHITE said he had stated in the outset
of his remarks, that he was instructed to make
this report from the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BOICEE was proceeding to speak in favor
of the amendment, when he was called to order
by the Chairman, as, under the rule, no remarks
in favor of the amendment were in order, except
by the mover.
Mr. BOKEE moved an amendment to the
amendment, by inserting the name of " Charles
B. Stewart" after that of " William P. Sanger."
Mr. B. explained the circumstances out of
which this claim arose; stating that, after the pro-
motion of these gentlemen to the grade of chief
engineers, they neglected to send in their accounts
correspondingly increased, supposing that they
would be raised by the accounting officers. As
sent in they were passed; and the accounts having
been settled, the Secretary of the Navy did not
consider himself authorized to reopen them. This
amendment proposed only to pay the compensa-
tion provided by law for this grade of service.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
original amendment of Mr. White,
Tellers were asked and ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 67, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KAUFMAN desired, he said, to offer an
amendment, to come m at the end of the second
paragraph of the second section of the bill. He
desired to be informed by the Chairman whether
that paragraph was now under consideration?
