800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, renewed it.
Mr. KAUFMAN said, that understanding the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cable] was not pres-
ent yesterday at the moment the pledge was given
that this resolution should be received, he hoped
the objection would be withdrawn.
Mr. CABLE said he certainly was not aware
that he was involved in any such pledge as gentle-
men alluded to. But if it would be any gratifica-
tion to his friends, he would withdraw his objec-
tion.
So the objection was again withdrawn.
The resolution proposed an inquiry into all de-
falcations that took place under the administration
of Mr. Polk; and authorized the committee of
investigation for the purpose of ascertaining the
charaeter and extent of the said defalcations, to
address to the heads of the several departments
particular inquiries with regard thereto, and par-
ticularly respecting any knowledge by the late
Administration, or by the heads of any of the de-
partments thereof, concerning said defalcations or
any of them; and whether any writer for news-
papers held office under the late Administration;
and if so, for what papers they wrote, and the
names of said writers; and also that the committee
inquire whether the late Administration, or any
head of any department thereof, opened or paid
any claim that had been rejected by previous
Administrations; and whether said late Adminis-
tration, or any officer thereof, has allowed or paid
interest on any claims; if yea, to whom, and the
amount thereof; and that they inquire into the
names of all persons having an interest m said
claims; and further, that the committee inquire
whether any officers of the late Administration in
the Post Office, or other department, were en-
gaged in making electioneering speeches about
the country while receiving pay from the Govern-
ment, or whether any officers of the Government
were engaged as political writers, or heads of polit-
ical clubs, for the purpose of influencing the elec-
ti'mn; and further, that said committee inquire into
any and nil frauds generally committed by officers
of the late Administration.
Mr.WILLIAMS stated that the gentleman from
Maryland was now absent from the House on
business at the coast survey office, and had re-
quested that he should be sent for if any action
upon his resolution were consented to.
Mr, TOOMBS called for the reading of the res-
olution.
The Clerk proceeded to read it, and had read it
in part when —
Air. TOOMBS and objected.
The SPKAKKR. Do?.j the gentleman object
to the resolution ?
Mr. TOOMKS. I do object to any such non-
sense.
So the resolution was not received.
The call of the committees for reports was then
resumed. ■'
odd fellows.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, reported a bill
to incorporate the Grand Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows in the District of Columbia.
The bill being read twice by its title—
Mr. BROWN moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and that it be printed.
Mr. JONES moved that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. POTTER desired to be informed by the
Speaker, whether it would be in order to move that
the Llii he rejected ?
The SPEAKER said, the motion would not be
in order at this time.
Mr. CROW ELL asked that the bill might be
agi'iii lead iiy the title.
Mr. HALL said that, before voting on tliis bill,
he would like to know something of its contents.
And he asked the.t it might be read.
The SPEAKER s.nd that v, bon order was re-
stored, when gentlemen had resumed their seats
and suspended conversation, the bili would be read.
After a brief interval the bill was read through.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jokes,] that the bill should be laid upon the table.
Mr. KAUFMAN desired to be informed wheth-
er the bill was accompanied with any report from
the Committee on the District of Columbia?
Mi. BROWN said that, as an act of justice to
the applicants for this charter, he must ask the
House to favor him with the yeas and nays on the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, that the
bill be laid upon the table.
He would like (Mr. B. remarked) to say a few
words in explanation, but it was not in his power
to do so under the pressure of the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES said he would withdraw his motion
to lay the bill on the table; and whilst on the floor
would say a very few words in explanation of
*he reasons for the motion he had made. Upon
former occasions, since he had been a member of
this House, bills had been reported to incorporate
the Grand Lodge of the Masonic Fraternity of the
city of Washington, and also the Grand Lodge of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows. He had
opposed these bills, and had given very briefly his
reasons for doing so. It was not because he had
any personal opposition to either of these orders,
for he was himself a member of one of them. But
he asked no privilege for it on that account—he
asked no corporate powers for it—and would not
for any other order.
Of the order in behalf of which the present ap-
plication was made, he was not a member; but the
objects ^f the institution he believed to be love,
friendship,juid charity, and he believed that great
good was Elected through its instrumentality.
Yet he did not think that this Government had the
power to grant acts of incorporation, and he be-
lieved that when benevolent institutions of this
kind wore allied in any manner to the Government,
they were to a great extent stripped of their power
to do good. And for these reasons he should op-
pose the incorporation of the order now seeking a
charter, as well as of the one of which he was
himself a member.
If the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Crown]
desired to give the reasons which induced him to
support this bill, he (Mr. J.) would not interpose
i any obstacic to his doing so by insisting on the
I motion to lay on the tabic.
j Mr. 15110 WN, of Mississippi, said he had no
; idea at this stage of the proceedings of discussing
i this bill, nor did he deem it neccessary. In reply
to the inquiry of the gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Kaufman,] whether a report accompanied
the bill, he could say, there was no report. A
report was not deemed nccessary; the bill on its
! face explained itself. It was a simple act to m-
; corporate a benevolent socicty. The bill leserved
i to Congress the power to alter, amend, or repeal
j the charter at ti'oir pleasure. Charters were grant-
ed to the independent Order of Odd Fellows (of
winch he was not a member) in overy State of
this Union. The gentleman from Tennessee said ,
that Congress possessed no povver to grant char- i
teis or pass acts of incorporation. This might be
so, or it might not be so. The Committee on the
Dnstiict of Columbia thought differently. They
belie\ed that under the power to legislate over the
District 
Mr. JONES interposed, and asked if the gentle-
man from Mississippi believed that the Confess of
the Unued states possessed the power to create
corporations ?
Mr. BROWN replied, that within the limits of
the District he believed that Congress did possess :
that power: he never had questioned it. Beyond ;
the limits of the District, Congress had no such !
povver. if the influence of this Corporation were ;
to extend beyond the District, Congress would not j
have the power to create it; but its influence was !
confined to the District. \
He repeated that he did not deem it necessary [
to go into any further explanation. The gentle-
men who asked the act of incorporation were re-
spectable inhabitants of the District of Columbia.
He believed that Congress had the power to pass
the bill; no possible harm could come from it. If <
I the House of Representatives thought proper to |
lav the bill on thft tnhlo. \,^t An c.-i ' i
lay the bill on the tublc let them do so.
Mr.McLANE, of Maryland, reminded the gen- i'
demon from Mississippi, that the city of Washing- \
ton itself was a corporation by act of Congress; !'
and that Congress, for constitutional object", had' !'
always passed acts of incorpoiation. i!
Mr. JONES renewed the motion that the bill be i|
laid on the table. And, in accordance, he said, i
with the desire expressed by the chairman of the H
Committee^ on the District of Columbia, [Mr. \\
Brown,] that a record vote should he taken, he h
(Mr. J.) would ask the yeas and nays. |j
Tellers on the yeas and nays were appointed,
(Messrs. Calvin, of Pennsylvania, and Jones, of
Tennessee,) and the vote stood 29 to 84.
So the yeas and nays (being demanded by one-
fifth of the members present) were ordered.
And the question, " Shall this bill be laid upon
the table?" was taken, and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 58, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alberlson, Al«xand«r, Avnrctt, Bayly,
Beale, Bennett, Bingham, Bocock, Bowdon, Burrows,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Willianuon It. VV. Cobb,
Conger, Crowell, Daniel, Doty, Fowler, Freodlev, Gtriy,
Giddmgs, Gorman, Gould, Hall, Haralson, II -Han, I>ham
G. Hani«, Haymond, Hebaid, Hollodav, Howard, Jones,
Preston &ing, Leffier, Lutlefield, Matteson, McDowell,
McLanahan, McMullen, Meade, Miller, Millsou, P< ek,
Phelpp, Potter, Putnam, Bobbins, Root, Sav.v.fe, Shfppi id,
Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Van
Dyke, and Wilmot—5s.
NAYS—Messrs. Alston, Andrews, Ashmun, Bissoll,
Bowie,Bowlin. Brjggs, Brook, A. G. Brown, Wm. J. Brown,
Buel, Chester Butler, T. B. Butier, J. Cable, Campbell,
Ca ey, Chandler, Clark, Cleveland, Colcock, Corwm, De-
berry, Dimmick, Dixon, Dunean, Dunham, Edmmutaon,
Ewing, Fuller, Gentry, Halloway, Hamilton,'Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Hoagland, Howe, Hubbard,
Inge, Aftdrew Johnson, Roheit W. Johnson, Daniel P.
King, George G. King, John A. King, La Sere, Mason,
McDonald, McGaughey, McKi*soek, Robert M. McLane,
Finis E. McLean, MeUueen, McWillie, Moore, Morehe.id^
Morse, Morton, NeL-on, 01d.s, Orr, Oti=, Outlaw, Paiker,
Peaslee, Pha-mx, Powell, Rockwell, Rosy, Ross, Sawtclle,
Silvester, Spragm;, Stanly, Fiedeiick P. Stanton, llichard
II. Stanton, Alexandei H. Stephens,Taylor, James Thomp-
son, John B. Thompson, William Thomp5on, TJiuiman,
Toombs, Tuck, Undeilull,Vmtoii, Waluen, Wallace, Wat-
kins, Wellborn, White, Williams, Wilson, Wmthrop,
Wood, and Woodward—94.
So the House decided that the bill should not
be laid upon the table.
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
Brown, of Mississippi, that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole House and be
printed.
And it was ordered accordingly.
st. Joseph's benevolent society.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, reported a bill
to incorporate the German Roman Catholic St.
Joseph Benevolent Society of the city of Wash-
ington.
The bill having been read twice by its title—
Mr. BROWN moved its reference to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and that it be printed.
Mr. JONES moved that it be laid upon the
table.
The motion was rejected.
And the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole and ordered to be printed.
the potomac bridge.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bill to increase
' the compensation of the keepers of the southern
draw of the Potomac bridge.
The bill having been read twice by its title—
Mr. MORTON moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and be printed.
Mr. JONES moved that the bill be laid upon
the table.
Mr. J., in support of this motion, said that the
bridge was originally constructed by this Govern-
ment, and was at the time made a free bridge.
The District of Columbia at that time extended
across the river, and included what was now the
county of Alexandria, in the State of Virginia.
Since then, the Government had transferred all the
territory on the other side of the river to fhe State
of Virginia; and if the centre of the Potomac was
the line between the District of Columbia and the
State of Virginia, as it originally was between the
States of Maryland nnd Virginia, this draw was
now in the State of Virginia. If so, the Govern-
ment had no further control over it.
Mr. MORTON said, as he understood, the
drawbridge was on this side of the river, und not
within the State of Virginia. He appealed to the
gentleman to permit the bill to be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to afford opportunity fur the House to inform
themselves respecting jt.
Air. JONES said there were two draws—one
on the north and one on the south side—there be-
ing a channel on each side, through which ves-
sels passed. This bill provided for the increase
of compensation to the keeper of the south draw;
as he had before said, he thought it must be in
the State of Virginia.
Mr. MORTON said it was not in Virginia, as
