1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. M,
The CHAIRMAN said the paragraph was un-
der consideration.
Mr. KAUFMAN offered the following amend-
ment; which was read:
"Provided, That the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, be authorized to incorporate in
the naval seivice of the United States the surviving officers
of the late Texas navy who were duly commissioned and
in the service of the said Republic at the time of its annex-
ation to the United States: Provided, That the number of
officers to be incorporated shall not exceed one captain, six
lieutenants, one surgeon, three pursers, and two masters in
the line of promotion: Jlnd provided, further, That upon the
death, resignation, or dismissal of any of the said officers,
the vacancy thereby created shall not be filled."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. HALL rose to a point of order. He sub-
mitted that the bill was a bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the navy under existing
laws, and that the amendment was not in order,
because it proposed to change those laws.
Some irregular conversation followed between
Mr. KAUFMAN and Mr. HALL.
The CHAiRMAN. overruled the point of or-
der, on the ground tffat this was a bill making
appropriations for the support of the navy; that it
contained a section authorizing an increase in the
officers of the navy; that the substance of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Kaufman] was the same, inasmuch as it
looked to the increase of the officers; and that,
therefore, the amendment was in order.
Mr. HALL appealed from the decision, and
called for the reading of the eighty-first rule of the
House.
The rule was read, as follows:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in orderas an amendment thereto, tor
any expenditure not previously authorized by law—unle>s
in continuation of appropriations for such public works and
objects a« are already in progress, and for the contingencies
for carrying on the several departments of the Government."
Mr. KAUFMAN. As the rule has been read,
I desire that the amendment may be again read,
so that the committee may see whether it makes
any appropriation at all. There is no appropria-
tion in it.
The amendment was again read.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was then
taken, and the Chairman said "The noes appear
to have it."
Mr. KAUFMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Venable, and
Eyans of Ohio, were appointed.
Mr. KAUFMAN suggested that several gentle-
men did not understand the decision of the Chair,
and he hoped the Chairman would repeat it.
The Chairman explained.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee ?" was then
taken, and the vote stood—ayes 69, noes 59.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment was declared to be in order.
Mr. KAUFMAN said that the amendment he
now offered was in substance the bill reported to
this House by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He would have now preferred that it should have
been offered by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs. But as he (Mr. K.)
was a Representative of the State of Texas, he
felt himself called upon, when he saw her officers,
who had gallantly sustained her in her hour of
peril, turned out of the vessels in which they had
fought so bravely, to make an effort in their be-
half. Perhaps it was better, on the whole, that this
duty had devolved on a Representative of Texas.
He was as much in favor of economy as any gen-
tleman on this floor; but, in regard to these officers,
they had well earned what was asked for them.
What would be the amount of cost to which the
United State3 would be annually subjected by in-
corporating these officers into her navy ? Even
when these officers should be called into actual
service, and entitled to their full pay, the whole
annual cost of theirserviceswouid be only $20,099.
And by granting this small annual addition to the
usual appropriations, an act of justice would be
rendered to Texas, and to the officers of her navy.
The whole amount of the force of the Texan navy,
he stated to be ene captain, six lieutenants,
one surgeon, three pursers, and two masters in the
line of promotion. The number would be thus so
small, that on that score there couid be no reason-
able objection to their incorporation into our navy.
The State of Texas had repeatedly declared, that
by the resolutions of annexation, the United States
were bound to take charge of the officers of the navy
of Texas. He could not entertain a supposition
that the Government of the United States, firf the
paltry amount of some $20,000, would act in op-
position to these repeated declarations of the Le-
gislature of Texas, and object to incorporate the
officers of her navy in the navy of the United
States.
He was aware that the objection had been
raised that this incorporation of the Texan officers
would be unjust to the officers of the United States
navy, because it would interfere with their pro-
motion. It was not so. Suppose the number of
post captains in the United States to be eighty,
this amendment would only add one to the num-
ber, making an-aggregate of eighty'One. If a
vacancy then occur tfiere will still be one place then
to fill by promotion as well as there would be if
the number had not been increased. And so in
relation to the other officers. He trusted that his
ardor in the cause of these officers would be ex-
cused; and that it would be recollected, that if
the officers of the United States so warmly and so
properly called forth the sympathy of gentlemen,
so the officers of the Texan navy, who had ren-
dered good service to Texas when she stood in need
of their services, were entitled to her sympathy
and protection; and that she ought not to be silent
when there was a disposition to strike them en-
tirely out of the service.
Mr, CLEVELAND made a few remarks in
reply to the gentleman from Texas, which were
not distinctly heard. He was understood as dis-
claiming any intention of unkmdness to the Texan
officers, when he opposed this amendment. He
did not look on these officers as having any ex-
clusive claim on the liberality of our Government,
but that, if they had just claim, it was on the State
of Texas. Congress had appropriated liberally
for that State, and had re'eently given .her ten mil-
lions; and if the officers of her navy had suffered
in consequence of her annexation to the United
States, let her make them adequate recompense.
He knew no just reason why our Government
should give them $20,000 a year, when no services
were rendered. He did not know but that there
might be a design to put them on our pension list.
But there ought to be shown that some services
had -been rendered to the United States, 16 entitle
them to a place there. He doubted the propriety
of placing these officers in a position to entitle
them to these pensions, which were the reward of
services to the country.
Mr. HARALSON asked whether the gentleman
from Connecticut did not think that we have in-
curred an obligation to support these officers as
constituting the navy of Texas which had been
surrendered to us? Did the gentleman regard the
term "navy" as referring merely to ships, or as
including: the officers?
-Mr. CLEVELAND was understood to reply
that, as the seamen of the Texan navy were not
incorporated among the seamen, nor the marines
of Texas among the marines of the United States,
so the officers of the navy of Texas could not
claim to be incorporated among the officers of the
United States navy.
Mr. HALL moved to amend the amendment as
follows:
" PiOviJed, further, That they-<hall assume the same rank
which they would have held if they had remained m the
navy ol Texas."
Mr. H. said, he was anxious to do full justice
to Texas in her controversy with the United States.
But he could not, without disregarding the claims
and the feelings of the officers of the United States
navy, support this amendment. It had been urged
that wc were obligated by the terms of the treaty
of annexation to incorporate these'Texan officers
into our navy. That was a question which had
been brought before the Supreme Court for its de-
cision, and he would read the decision of that tri-
bunal. [Here Mr. H. read the decision.]
Now the question had been raised in the Su-
preme Court of the United States, in January,
1848, whether, under the treaty oi annexation, the
officers of the Texan navy had a right to be con-
sidered as apart of the United States navy. And
the Supreme Court had expressly decided, after
hearing able counsel, that by the treaty of annexa-
tion these officers were not incorporated into the
navy of the United States. He could not, after
this decision, consent to an amendment which was
in violation of this decree. He went on to show
that the officers of the Texan navy could riot be
regarded as coming under the description of prop-
erty as designated fn the decision <5f the Supreme
Court. The decision of the court that theee of-
ficers were not to be entitled to be considered as
incorporated into the United Spates ftavy by the
treaty of annexation, he considered as conclusive
on the subject.
One of these officers of the .Texan navy was
once an officer in our service. He thought proper
to resign his commission under the United States,
and to enter the service of Texas, where he re-
ceived the appointment of a post-captain. He did
not say this with any intention to impute censure
to him for taking that course. That gentleman
now desires to be reinstated in the service of the
United States with his rank of post-captain, which
would place him twenty years ahead of some of
our own post-captains. Was it just to place that
gentleman, worthy of all respect as he was, over
our own officers, who have periled their lives in
defence of our country ?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,stated that he-
had reported the bill for the incorporation of the
Texan officers into our navy. He thought now,
that, instead of increasing the officers of our navy,
we ought rather to reduce them. But he was of
opinion that there was a moral, if not a legal ob-
ligation on the United States, to do justice *to
these Texan officers. One of these officers, it ap-
pears, had applied to the Secretary of the Navy
for his pay. The Secretary had replied that-he
had no funds appropriated for the purpose, out of
which he could make the payment, as the officer
was not attached to the navy of the United States.
The officer then applied for a mandamus, calling
on the Secretary to show why she could not have
paid the salary out of other funds at his disposal.
The Supreme Court decided that he could not be
compelled to make such payment. But the Su-
preme Court also decided another question, which
was not judicially before them, and which, in his
opinion, they ought not to have decided. Look
at the terms of the decision. He had as high a
respect for the Supreme Court as any gentleman "
on this floor. But his respect for a decision of
that tribunal must depend on the grounds on
which it is made. (Here Mr. S. read a portion
of the decision.) On such grounds as these, the
Supreme Court had based its decision—that if the
navy included the officers and men who were at-
tached to it, then it must be construed that navy-
yards included the persons employed in them. The
truth is, that there was no point decided in this
case beyond this—that the Secretary couid not be
required to pay when he had no funds appro-
priated for the purpose.
When he considered the meaning of the term
navy, asit was universally received, and the repeat-
ed opinions on this subject of the government of
Texas; and further, that the United States had un-
dertaken, and ought to do justice, or more than
justice, even equity, he thought this amendment
should prevail. As to the feelings of our own
officers, he should be sorry to interfere with them;
but if the Government was bound, he knew not
what other course could be pursued.
Mr. CROW ELL inquired of the Chair, whether
further amendment was now in order ?
The CHAIRMAN said, it was not in order at
this time.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment.
Mr. CROWELL offered an amendment:
u And that the officers of the military expedition to be
sent to Santa Fc ag.mibt the authority of the United States,
j be also added to the army of the United States."
Mr. BURT objected to the amendment as not
j in order.
; The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
L order.
, Mr. CROWELL inquired if further debate on
1 the pending amendment was now in order ?
The CHAIRMAN said it was not.
Mr. CROWELL now proposed to strike out
the first line of the pending amendment.
Mr. PARKER called for the reading of the
amendment, as it would read if thus amended.
Mr. JONES desired to know how the amend-
ment to the amendment would leave the balance
of the amendment? The amendment to the amend-
ment would not be in order unless it made some
sense of the thing.
