802
the congressional globe.
April 28,
citizens of Georgetown; the petition of D. B. Smith and 98
others, citizsiw of Ipswich; arid the petition of James S.
Moore and 121 other citizens of Georgetown, for the repeal
at all laws sustaining slavery in the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Robert Kimball and 100 other citizens
0fAl'soTttc petition of L. S. Crombie and 100 other citizens
Of Georgetown, Massachusetts, praying lor a jury trial tor
persons arrested as fugitive slaves. _ 1
Also, the petition of Robert Boyes and 120 other citizens
of Georgetown, Massachusetts, for the prohibition of slavery
in the territories; and the petition of Josiah Kimball and 98
others, citizens of Ipswich, Massachusetts, for the same
object.
Also, the petition of Elizabeth T. Wt odhury and 41 other
ladies of North-Beverly, Massachusetts, for two cents post-
age on prepaid letters.
By Mr. HALLO WAY: Certain evidence touching the
petition of Charles G. Layton, asking compensation for a
vessel of his impressed during the war of 1812 and captured
by the enemy.
By Mr. MEACHAM: ?etitions from C. A. S. Spra?ue
and 55 citizens of WiHiston, and Levi Washburn and 60
citizens of Granville, Vermont,'against the admission of any
more slave States; to secure the right of trial by jury to al-
leged fugitives; for protection of freedom in the territories;
to repeal all laws supporting slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Kimber
A. Moore, D. A. T. Black, and 52 others, citizens of Bedford
and Huntingdon counties, Pennsylvania, praying for the
establishment of a post route from Orlnson, in Huntingdon
county, via Seottsville, New Grenada, and Speersville, to
Ray's Hill, Bedford county, a distance of twenty eight miles.
By Mr. HENRY: The petition of D. Thornton and 40
other citizens of Lempster, New Hampshire, for a post-
route from Bellows Kalis, Vermont, via Drew&ville, Paper-
Mill Village, South Tamworth, Lempster, and Ea«t Unity,
to Newport, New Hampshire. Also, the petition of Tappan
Sanborn and 26 others of East Unity, New Hampshire, for
the same. Also, the petition of Seth Richards and 50 others
of Newport, New Hampshire, for the same. Al<o, the peti-
tion of Joel Auger and 110 others of Acworth, New Hamp-
shire, for the same. Also, the petition of John Osgood and
50 others of the same place, for the same. Also, the petition
of Barnabas Peters and 60 others of Alstead, New Hamp-
shire, for the same. Al-o, the petition of John B.ixter and
20 others ot Bellow* Falls, Vermont, for the same.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens of
Lamville, Illinois, for right of trial by jury to fugitive slaves
when a> re>ted.
Also, the petition of citizens of Bloomingdale, Illinois,
praying that fugitive slaves may be allowed tlie right of trial
by jiny.
Als  , the petition of citizens of Bloomm^dalc, Du Page
county, praying Unit slavery and the slave trade may be pro-
hibited in the territones of the United States.
Also, the petition of citizens ot Seneca, McHenry county,
Illinois, praying that slavery may bo abolished in the Distriot
of Columbia, or the capital removed to a free State.
Also, the petition of citizens of Bloomingdale, Du Page
county, Illinois., praying that slavery may be abohs-hed m
the District of Columbia, or that the capital be removed to
a free State.
Also, the petition of citizens of Bloomingdale, Du Page
county, Illinois, praying that no State sanctioning slavery be
admitted into the Union.
Also, the petition of citizens of Senrca, McHenry comity,
.Illinois, praying that no more slave States be admitted into
the Union.
Also, the petition of citizens ofSeneca, McHenry county,
Illinois, praying that slavery and the >.Jave trade be prohib-
ited m all the territory of the United States.
Also, the petition of citizens of Seneca, McIIenry county,
Illinois, praying that fugitive slaves be allowed the right of
trial by jury.
ANo, the petition of citizens of Lockport, Will county,
Illinois, praying that slavery be abolished in the District of
Columbia,,or the capital be "removed to a free Strtfe.
ANo, the petition of citizens of Lockport, Will county,
Illinois, praying that fugitive slaves may have the right of
trial b> jury.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lockport, Will county,
Illinois, praying that slavery and the slave trade be prohib-
ited in the territories of the United States.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lockport, Will county,
Illinois praying that no State be hereafter admitted, unless
slavery is positively prohibited.
Also, the petmon of Congregationahsts, Fox River Union,
Ilhuois, for cheap postage.
Also, the petition of Congrecationah-sts, Fox River Union,
Illinois, against the admission of any more slave States
into the Union.
Also, tin-petition of Congregati<mali?ts, Fox River Union,
Ilhnoi-, to allow fugitive slaves the right of trial bv jury.
ANo, the petition of Congregationalists, Fox River Union,
Illinois, foi the establishment and protection of freedom m
the ter itoru'«s of the United State*.
Al-o, the petition ot Congregationalisms, Fox Paver Union,
Illinois, for the repeal of all laws enacted or adopted by
Congress for the support of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Also, the petition of citizens of Vernon, De Kalb county,
Illinois, praying that slavery and thor-Iave trade may be pro-
hibited in all the territories in the United Stitec.
AKo, the petition of citizen- of Vernon, De Kalb countv,
Illinois, proving thai slavery and the slave trade be prohib-
ited in the Distuct of Columbia, or the capital be removed
to a free State.
Also, the petition of citizens of Vernon, De Kalb county,
Illinois, praying that no more slave States be admitted into
the Union.
Also, the petition of citizens of Vernon. De Kalb county,
Illinois, praung that no more fugitive slaves shall be cap-
tured without trial by jury.
Also, the remonstrance ofcitizens of Chicago, against a re-
newal of the Woodworth patent.
Alsi, the petition of citizens of Cook county, Illinois, for
two cents postage.
Also, the petition of citizens and electors of Lamville, Bu-
reau county, Illinois, praying that no more slave States may
be admitted unless slavery be prohibited.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lamville, Bureau county,
Illinois, praying that slavery be abolished m the District of
Columbia, or the capital removed.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lamville, Bureau county,
[llmois, praying for the prohibition of slavery and the slave
trade in the territories of the United Slates.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Lyman K. Walker and
others, that fugitives from labor shall have the right of trial
by jury.
Also, the petition of H. C. Eggleston and others, that sla-
very and the slave trade be prohibited in the territories.
Also, the petition of Andrew Sherwood and others, that no
State be admitted whose constitution does not prohibit
slavery.
Also, the petition of C. P. Dunning and others, for the re-
peal of laws authorizing slavery or the slave trade in the
District of Columbia.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of the members of the
bar of the county of Niagara, New York, asking Congress to
establish a new judicial district and district court in the
western part of the State of New York.
By Mr. ROSE: The petition ofRobert Dixson and 75other
citizens of Livonia, Livingston county, New York, prajing
that fugitive slaves may have trial by jury.
Also, the petition of Augustus Gibbs, R. Blake and 70
other citizens of Livonia, Livingston county, New York,
praying that no State may he hereafter admitted into the
Union unless slavery is prohibited m its constitution.
By Mr. BUEL: The petition of J. F. Adolphus and others,
for a reduction of letter postage.
Also, the petition of Henry G. Stone and others, praying
Congress to repeal the act of Congress extending the Wood-
worth patent.
Also, the remonstrance of William Peaslpe and others,
against a further extension of the Woodworth patent.
Also, the petition of J. W. Hodgkin and others, for a law
granting to fugitives from labor the light of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of William Cochran and others, for the
same.
Also, the petition of Oliver Streeter and others, for the
ssame.
Also, the petition of James Shearer and others, for a law
prohibiting slavery and the sdave trade in the territories.
Also, the petition of William Cochran and others, for the
same.
Also, the petition of Oliver C. Streeter and others, for the
same.
Al&o, the petition of James Shearer and others, for the
repeal of all laws sanctioning slavery and the slave trade in
the Distuct of Columbia.
AIs-o, the petition of William Cochran and others, for the
same.
AI o, the petition of Oliver C. Streeter and others, for the
same.
Also, the petition of James Shearer and others, for the
admission of no more sd.ive Stales.
Also, the petition of William Cochran and others for the
same.
Al?o, the petition of Oliver C. Streeter and others, for the
same.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of Henry
Janney and J69 other citizens ot Washington, praying for
an met ease of water m the cities of Washington and George-
town.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio • A petition from George Wil-
liams, and 46 other citizens of Carroll county, Ohio, "for
the prohibition of slavery in all the terntories ol the United
States, and for colonizing Mich as shall be emancipated."
By Mr. FITCH : The petition of certain citizens of Wa-
bash, Kosciu-ko, Giant, and Huntington counties, Indiana
soldiers in the war of 1810, or under General Wayne during
his Indian campaign, asking the same compensation m kind
and mode, as is now paid to soldiers of the Revolution. Also,
four several petitions of citizens of Wabash county, asking
the prohibition of slavery in the United Stales territories :
the right of trial by jury for fugitive slaves; the repeal of all
laws of Congress sanctioning slavery or the slave trade m the
District of Columbia, or the removal of the seat of Govern-
ment; the refusal of admission into the Union of any State
the constitution ol which does not prohibit slaverv.
Bv Mr. TI1URMAN : The joint resolutions ot the Lfgis-
lature of the St.tie of New York, praying that Congress
reduce the price of postageon ptcpaid ktteis.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 23, 1850.
Mr. Dawson resumed his seat in the Senate to-
day; Mr. Cooper also was enabled to resume ins
seat after a week's absence, occasioned by indis-
position.
CORRECTION.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise for the purpose of cor-
recting an error. I was misappiehended in the
report of my remarks in piesenting some petitions
yesterday in a manner which might cause me to
be misunderstood, and I will therefore ask leave
to detain the Senate for a single moment for the
purpose of making an explanation. 1 was under-
stood by the reporter for the Union to hare re-
maiked, in presenting a number of anti-slavery
petitions, that I supposed the number committed to
my care, for that purpose on that day was reduced,
arising out of the circumstance that persons who
take a deep interest in that subject had thought it
desirable not to send such petitions to me, and
that in this I concurred with them. I have no
doubt that this mistake arose because I spoke so
low as not to be audibly heard by the reporter of
the Union. What I really said was, that the
number committed to me was reduced owing to
the circumstance, as I supposed, that those who
took an interest in this subject had thought it desi-
rable and proper to enlist the sympathy and sup-
port of the distinguished Senator from Kentuey,
in which I concurred with them.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Department of the
interior, made in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 17th instant, calling for a copy
of the report made by William Carey Jones, as
special agent appointed to examine the subject of
land titles in California,stating that the documents
which accompanied said report, being in the Span-
ish language and voluminous, it was deemed un-
necessary to delay sending the report itself until
they could be translated and copied; which, how-
ever, would be done as soon as possible.
On motion by Mr. FELCH,
Ordered, That the document lie on the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a petition from citi-
zens of Fall River, Massachusetts,asking that the
right of trial by jury may be secured by law to
fugitive slaves arrested in any other State than
that in which service is claimed; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. STURGEON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, instructing the Sena-
tors and requesting the Representatives of that
State in Congress to use their exertions to procure
the establishment of a national board of agricul-
ture; which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Also, documents relating to the claim of Samuel
Wilson, a revolutionary soldier, to a pension;
which were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, three petitions from citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating against the further extension
of Woodworth's patent for a planing machine.
This subject, said the honorable Senator, is agi-
tating the public mind a good deal in the manu-
facturing districts of Pennsylvania. The remon-
strance enters into considerable argument on the
subject. It is lengthy, and I will not therefore ask
that it be read to the Senate, but I will present it,
and ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Patents, to whose particular attention I recom-
mend the argument of the petitioners.
The petitions were referred to the Committeeon
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial of citizens
of Chicago, Illinois, asking that the public lands
may be granted in limited quantities to actual
settlers not possessed of other lands; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, three petitions, numerously signed by citi-
zens of fifteen States; and by persons in California,
in favor of a reduction of the rates of postage, the
memorialists setting forth, in a clearand condensed
form, all the arguments bearing on the subject;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Susan
Murphy, widow of Thomas Murphy, asking that
she may be allowed to institute legal proceedings
for the purpose of proving the validity of her title
to certain lands in the State of Florida; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. DAYTON presented thememorial of Lydia
Gibbs, asking that the bill granting indemnity for
French spoliations may be passed: which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CASS piesenteil a memorial of the faculty,
trustees, and stockholders of the Michigan Cen-
tral College, asking that copies of the journals and
other public documents printed by order of Con-
gress may be furnished for the use of that institu-
tion; which was referred to the Committeeon the
Library.
Also, a memorial of officers and soldiers of the
last war with Great Britain, and other citizens uf
Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, asking that boun-
ty lands may be granted to all officers and soldiers
who served during that war; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Silas
Chatfield, a pensioner of the United States, asking
