1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 20,
in his opinion, to do this in a manner which
was unequal, unreasonable, and unjust. He had
a high opinion of these officers of the Texan navy,
but'he could not" be blind to the fact, that by
adopting this amendment, we shall bring into the
service officers who will take precedence in rank
over oar ownofficers. He then referred to the pri-
vilege which members held of nominating officers
from the different States, and contended that the
effect of this amendment would be to give Texas a
greater privilege than was enjoyed by other
States, rle regarded the amendment also as un-
just, aa well as unequal: unjust to our own offi-
cers who had gallantly sustained the flag of the
United States. His colleague had denounced the
navy as worthless. He differed from his collcaguc,
regarding as he did this branch of the service as
worthy of being cherished. But he would have
every officer employed, instead of being permit-
ted to lounge about on shore. He would place
them on the coast survey or some important ser-
vice. If we were to place the coast survey under
the control of the Secretary of the Navy, and re-
quire every officer who receives pay to work, it
would have a good effect. If we are to keep up
the navy, we must keep the officers at woik. Such
as are disabled from work should retire from the
service. He would not discharge them, but would
place them on a retired list. Look through the
country, and you will find numbers of young offi-
cers anxious to be employed—waiting orders—
waiting orders—eaten up with the ennui of indo-
lence, and desirous to be employed. He was
desirous to guard the navy against the injurious
effects of this want of employ.
The question was taken, and, by ayes 71, noes
not counted, the amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, remarking that
this matter was fully understood by the commit-
tee, in otder (he said) to bring; the committee to a
direct vote upon the proposition to admit these |
Texan officers into our navy, moved to strike out
the whole proviso in the amendment.
The amendment, as it would stand, if thus
amended, was read.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Stanton to the amendment, and decided in
the affirmative.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
amendment as amended—
Mr. KAUFMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered,and Messrs. Corwin and
"Waldo were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 61, noes 71.
So the amendment, as amended, was rejected.
The following item being under*consideration:
" For pay of superintendents, naval conductors, and
all the civil establishments at the several navy-yards and
stations, seventy-three thousand nine bundled and bixty
dollars."
Mr. WHITE, by instructions of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, moved the following amend-
ment:
" And the pay of the engineer, Ward B. Burnett, at the
mvy vard, Philadelphia, be two thousand and tour hun-
dred dollars per annum, commencing at the time of Ins ap-
pointment, on the 1st day ol February, 1849."
Mr. WHITE (in explanation) stated that this
engineer was appointed by the late Secretaiy of
the Navy, without fixing'his compensation. He
had received $1,500, being §900 less than was paid
to engineers of his grade at other stations. There
was no law fixing the pay of these engineers, and
the committee deemed it right that his compensa-
tion should be raised to that usually paid to offi-
ces of his grade.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked,in
case there was no law fixing the salary, why the
Secretary of the Navy could not increase it, if
justice required it? Who fixed the amount of
salary?
Mr. WHITE. The late Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said the late
Secretary of the Navy doubtless fixed the compen-
sation at a just rate, and he was unwilling to over-
tule his action without a reason shown. None
whatever had been shown.
Mr. SACKETT inquired whether the salary
this officer received was not fixed at the time he
was apppointed ?
Mr. THOMPSON replied, it doubtless was
fixed, and the engineer accepted office on those
terms, and was satisfied with the compensation.
Mr. WHITE. No; his salary was not fixed
at that time; but he expected to receive the com-
pensation usually received by officers of that
grade.
Mr. BAYLY, (to Mr. White.) Will the gen-
tleman from New York allow me to ask him a
question? If we go onvin this way,at what time
does the gentleman think we shall get through
with the bill?
Mr. WHITE, not hearing the question, request-
ed the gentleman to repeat it.
Mr. BAYLY was about to do so, when—
Mr. THOMPSON interposed, and clairocd the
floor. He said no reason had been shown for in-
creasing the compensation, and he was unwilling,
in this state of facts, to overrule the action of the
Secretary of the Navy. He was, moreover, op-
posed to this mode of special legislation upon gen-
eral bills?
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. GERRY moved the following amendment:
"To equalize the salary of the cleikof the naval con-
structor at Kittery with those at other navy-yards, $250."
Mr. G. said"" that it was with great reluctance
that he had offered this amendment, which related
to the navy-yard at Kittery. The naval clerk
in that yard received a compensation of only $400
a year. At other navy-yards, where the same
officer was employed, and exactly the same
duties performed,at New York, Boston, and other
yards, the pay of the clerk was $650; yet precisely
the same duties were required at Kittery as at these
yards. The object of his amendment was merely
to equalize this compensation. He knew from
personal observation something of the duties of
this clerk. He was employed ail his time, and
the salary he received was not sufficient to enable
him to support his family. It was only just that
he should have sufficient compensation to support
his family, especially as other clerks of the same
character at the other yards received more. He
believed the amendment was just and right, or he
would not have offered it.
Mr. G. called for tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Corwin
and Clingman were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the vote stood
—ayes 75, noe3 not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, ottered the fol-
lowing amendment:
cc And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to
purchase the right to u>e and cause to be applied to all the
steameis belonging to the United States, and hereafter to
be built, Joseph P. Pirsson's patent condenses for supplying
the boiler? of marine engines with freshwater; and to pay
to the owner or owners thereof, out of the appropriations
for the navy, a sum equal to one half ot the actual savin"
caused by the said patent condenser in the expense of keep-
ing the WrU steamers now belonging to the United Slates,
and which may hereafter be constructed during the hletime
of said patent, in active seivice five ye*irs, <md in the pie;--
ervat on of-th« <r machinery. The value of the saving effect-
ed by the use of j-aid patent condenser to be aseeitained by
a board of three competent engineers, one of whom shall be
selected by ihe Secretary of the Navy, one by the owner or
owners of said patent condenser, and one by the two thus
appointed. The said .board to be appointed as soon as pos-
sible after the passage of this act."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. STANTON explained the inconvenience
and the injurious results attendant upon the use of
salt water in the boilers of steam engines at sea.
It had lon^ been a desideratum to have a steam
engine which would supply a sufficient quantity
of fresh water for the voyage. By the report of
the chief engineer of the navy, and from the cer-
tificates of many gentlemen of great experience
and knowledge in matters of this kind, as well as
of those who had successfully applied the appa-
ratus, it would be seen that it was fully equal to
the accomplishment of the object in view. Such,
upon an examination made, was also his own
opinion. If nothing was saved to the Govern-
ment—nothing was to be paid. If anything was
saved, the half of this amount, whatever it might
be, was to be paid to the patentee.
Mr. BOW LIN opposed the amendment. He
was opposed to this connection of the Government
with a patentee. He did not understand to what
extent the Government might involve itself, when
it entered into an arrangement of this sort. He
knew not what we should be called on to pay. One
fact was clear, that all the means to carry on the
experiments must«come out of the Government?
out of the pockets of the people. It would be
better afc once to give a specific sum, and purchase
out the patent, and not to go into a partnership.
He was against all partnerships. The Government
was sure to be called on to pay everything, and to
lose everything in the end. Hfc referred to the
contract made with the patentee for the manufac-
ture of percussion caps, and of which the inventor
was making an enormous income. He disap-
proved of this mode of encouraging patentees;and
hoped that the House would never give its sane- ,
tion to any such course hereafter. If any gentle-
man make a discovery worthy of encouragement,
let the Government purchase it at once.
Mr. MOORE moved to amend the amendment,
by substituting the apparatus of Mr. Baldwin for
that Mr. Pirsson.
Mr. M. submitted, that the invention of Mr.
Baldwin was far superior in point of efficiency, as
he (Mr. M.)had been informed, to that of Mr.
Pirsson. He (Mr. M.) was not opposed to the
purchase of a patent right out and out by the Gov-
ernment, but he was opposed to the purchase of a
mere interest in that right as proposed by the
amendment. If, however, such a proposition was
agreed to, then he was for substituting the appa-
ratus of Mr. Baldwin, because he (Mr. M.) be-
lieved it to have far higher claims on its own
merits.
Mr. STANTON made some further remarks in
explanation of the injury done to steam-boilers by
the accumulation of scaleson the iron arising frorr*
the use of salt water. He particularly instanced
the case of the Saranac, which, after a cruise of
three months, had been obliged to be laid up for
repairs, a portion of which were rendered neces-
sary by the injuries resulting to her boilers from
the use of salt water. He also mentioned the case
of the Osprey—one of the finest steamships afloat.
He recapitulated the terms upon which the appa-
ratus was to be used as being highly advantageous
fo the public service, and the strong evidences of
complete efficiency by which it was accompanied.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment—
Mr. BOKEE moved to amend the amendment
by substituting in lieu thereof the following:
" And the Secretary of the Navy rs hereby authorised and
diiected to appoint a Board of Engineers, ^competent to in-
vestigate and decide upon the merits of the several steam
condensers, proposed for the adoption of Government for
use on board of the steamers under the control of the Navy
Department; and the said Secretary is hereby authorized to
adopt the one recommended to him by said Board of Engi-
neers."
Mr. BOKEE (indistinctly heard) was under-
stood to say, that questions of'this nature should
be decided by the department. There were engi-
neers in the department properly qualified-, let the
inventions be submitted to their examination; and
let the Secretary of the Navy take their report and
decide upon it. The House was not a pro-per
tribunal for the settfement of these detailed ques-
tions.
Another objection to the proposition of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs was,
that it fixed no amount of compensation. If the
invention were to be taken, the amount paid for it
should be definite and fixed. But he repeated his
opinion, that the House should not undertake to
decide; these being naval inventions, let them be
examined and decided upon by the department.
He trusted his amendment to the amendment
would prevail, and he stated that he offered it with
the sanction of the Secretary of the Navy, as ex-
pressed in a communication which he caused to be
read.
Mr. SCHENCK opposed the amendment to the
amendment, in remarks very imperfectly heard at
the Reporter's desk. He was understood to say,
that virtually the same test which it proposed had
heretofore been applied. He referred to the inves-
tigation of this subject which had taken place in
the Committee on Naval Affairs, who had had be-
fore them all the information which the different
bureaus in the department could furnish, and said
they had come to the conclusion, that among the
various naval inventions, this of Pierson*s was the
most valuable; and in order to terminate the con-
test on the subject, they recommended that the de-
partment should be authorized to select Pierson's
invention, not to buy it, but to make use of it; and
if the department was satisfied that no saving was
