1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80S
to be allowed back pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RUSK presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Texas relative to the rights of property
of the several States in the territories of the United
States, the jurisdiction of the Federal Government
over the subject of slavery in the territories, and
the power of Congress, under the Constitution, to
admit new States into the Union, or to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia, and declaring
that the people of that State will make common
cause with the southern States in resisting all en-
croachments on their constitutional rights; which
were ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. WHITCOMB,
Ordered, That the heirs of Nathaniel Ashby have leave to
withdraw their petition and papers.
Mr. BUTLER. T ask leave to withdraw the
papers of George Harvey, agent of the British
ship James Mitchell, from the files of the Senate.
It is perhaps necessary that I should state that I
have been requested to make the motion by a
member of the other House.
The motion was put from the Chair and pro-
nounced to have been carried.
Mr. YULEE. I rise to make objection to the
motion. The papers in this case have been before
the Committee on Naval Affairs; they have also
been before the Committee of Claims. An
adverse report was made by the Committee of
Claims; and during the same, or at the next ses-
sion, immediately after that adverse report, the
same case, under a new name, was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs; and it was only ac-
cidentally discovered that it was the same case
under a diffeient name which had been already
reported upon by the Committee of Claims. Unless,
therefore, we shall be informed of the purpose for
which it is proposed to withdraw the papers, I shall
oppose the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair begs
leave to state that the motion has passed.
Mr. YULEE. If the motion has passed it is
useless to object to it now.
Mr. BUTLER. I would not do anything to
•violate the rules of the Senate, and I know nothing
whatever of these papers or of the claim they repre-
sent. I make the application at the request of a
gentleman of the other House, who said that the
claim had merit, and who informed me, I think,
that he had other papers besides those which had
been already referred. Candor, however, requires
me to say that I can give no information to the
Senate concerning the claim, one way or the other.
Mr. KING. I trust the motion will beconsidered
as not passed, inasmuch as the gentleman from
Florida rose to make objection at the moment the
Chair was taking the question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion had
been adopted before the Senator from Florida ad-
dressed the Chair.
Mr. KING. Then I move its reconsideration,
and I hope that, by unanimous consent, it will be
considered as not acted on.
The motion to reconsider the vote was then taken
and agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. On considering the matter, I am
under the impression that this claim has been be-
fore the Committee on Naval Affairs during the
present session, and that^he committee reported
the papers back to the Senate, with a recommend-
ation that they should be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. They are, therefore, now in the
hands of the Committee of Claims, and it would be
better that this motion should he withdrawn until
the committee determine whether this is a proper
claim or not.
Mr. KING. I would suggest to my friend from
South Carolina to postpone action on his motion
for a time, as we all know very well that it is wrong
to withdraw papers without some practical reason
being assigned satisfactory to the Senate. We
know that heretofore papers have been presented
here, the memorial a acted on adversely, and ulti-
mately withdrawn; and that, after the lapse of
years, they have been presented in a new form and
passed. I hope that the honorable Senator will
suffer his motion to lie over until it cat>«be ascer-
tained what is the precise position of these papers,
until he can procure some information as to the
object in view in withdrawing them, and renew it,
if desirable, when that information is obtained. If
the papers are in the hands of the committee, he
cannot well withdraw them; and if they are not, it
would be as well to have some information as to
the reason of the withdrawal.
Mr. BRADBURY. It is, perhaps, incumbent
upon me to say a word upon this application.
Some two years ago, this petition was committed
to the Committee of Claims. I undertook the in-
vestigation of the case, and investigated it with
what care I could bestow"on it. The committee
were unanimously of opinion that the prayer of the
petition ought not to be granted, and a report in
detail was made upon the case, which was unani-
mously accepted tiy the Senate. Subsequently,
being absent from the Senate at the time, I noticed
in the newspapers that the same claim had been
presented to the House under another name. The
first petition was of the heirs of George Harvey,
and upon that petition an adverse report was made.
The second application was for the relief of the
owners of the ship JnmPS Mitchell. A favorable
report was obtained; the claim passed the House
and came to the Senate. It was then rejected, if
I recollect right, in the Senate; and at this session,
I understand, the Committee on Naval Affairs have
had the subject again presented to them, and they
have either made an adverse report, or recom-
mended that the Committee of Claims should en-
ter into the examination, I am not sure which.
Now, sir, the Committee of Claims, at a former
session, bestowed some attention to the subjcct
and were unanimously of opinion that the appli-
cation ought not to be granted. I do not wish to
prejudice the petitioners m the least, but such was
the conclusion at which the committee arrived. I
could go into the details of the case, but I believe
it is not necessary I should do so at this time.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot undertake to make
any statement regarding this claim. George Har-
vey, I understood, was a citizen of Charleston,
and the ship James Mitchell, I suppose, sailed
from that place. A member in the other House
stated that the matter was before a committee of
the House, and made the request that I would
| have the papers withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, without any explanation of what had been
previously done in the case; but from what the
Senator from Florida (the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs) has said, I am inclined
to doubt the propriety of the motion, and as I
have no wish to violate the rules of the Senate,
even in favor of a constituent of my own, I leave
the matter at the disposal of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. The clerk has furnished me
with a memorandum of the position of this mat-
ter. I was under the impression that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs had had this case before
them during the present session, and had recom-
mended to the Senate that it should be referred to
the Committee on Claims. I find that there has
been an adverse report made by the Committee on
Naval Affairs during this session, and concurred
in by the Senate. I do not, therefore, know, of
any reason why the permission to withdraw the
papers should not be granted; but I have heard no
reason why we should do it.
The motion to grant leave to withdraw the
papers from the files was then put and lost.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of J.
H. Pulte, proposing a plan for extending the mag- 1
netic telegraph around the globe, made a report, j
which was concurred in. j
Mr. FELCH,from the Committee on Public I
Lands, to which was referred the bill to grant to
the city of Burlington, in Iowa, the land heretofore
reserved between that city and the Mississippi
river, reported back the same with amendments,
which were ordered to be printed; and asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial relating to the same subject; which was
agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
memorial of James N. Kenr.ett and other citizens
of Kentucky, asking indemnity for slaves enticed
into Ohio, which they were unable to recover, re-
ported in favor of printing the same; which was
agreed to.
MILITARY RESERVE IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to which was referred the bill " to reduce and
define the boundaries of the military reserve on
the St. Peter's river, in the Territory of Minne-
sota, and to secure the rights of actual settlers
thereon," have had the same under consideration,
and have directed me to report it back, with some
slight amendments, and to recommend its passage.
I ask that the question be taken on it now. It is
a very simple matter.
A word of explanation is perhaps necessary to
show the propriety of the passage of this i>ill.
Some forty odd years ago, a purchase was made
from the Indians of eighteen miles by nine miles,
at the St. Peter's river, for military purposes.
Since then the Territory of Minnesota has been
thrown open to settlers. The mMitary operations
have been moved principally into the interior, but
the post at the St. Peter's river is still kept up.
The territorial Legislature of Minnesota, at its last
session, passed a memorial, unanimously, asking
that it be curtailed to one mile square, and that
provisions of law similar to those in this bill be
passed to secure the rights of the actual settlers on
that reservation. In pursuance of that memorial
the War Department issued orders for the reduc-
tion of the reservation, and for the sale of their
lands to the highest bidder, on condition that the
actual settlers should be entitled to payment for
their improvements from the purchasers.
It was at the suggestion of the delegate from the
Territory of Minnesota that I introduced this bill,
and had it referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries. The committee have carefully examined it,
and we propose to provide for the actual settlers,
by subjecting to preemption right so much as their
improvements actually cover, and no more. I pre-
sume that with this explanation there will be no
objection to the bill being put upon its passage.
The bill was then read a second time by its
title, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The first question wasBon the amendment re-
ported by the Committee.
Mr. KING. It appears to me that, until the
survey is made, great difficulty would arise in set-
tling the conflicting claims of persons living imme-
diately together. The purpose of the amendment,
if I understand it rightly, is to give the squatters,
whose lands have never been surveyed, their im-
provements, and nothing else, provided those im-
provements should not extend over more than one
hundred and sixty acres; it requires that they shall
have allotments by legal subdivision. Now, sir, I
do not see how this can be done, when no survey
has been made.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think I can explain this
matter in a few words. The provision is, that the
extent of their preemption shall be limited to one
hundred and sixty acres; that the preemption shall
be taken according to the legal subdivisions, but
that where there are more than one settler upon
the same quarter section, in that case they shall
be limited according to their respective improve-
ments, and have only what they have cultivated.
The bill-has been drawn up by those who have
direct personal knowledge of the matter, and it has
the unanimous recommendation of the Legisla-
ture of the territory as well as of the committee.
The amendments report^.,by the committee
were then adopted; and, there being no further
proposition to amend, the bill was reported back
to the Senate, the amendments adopted were con-
curred in, and the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. FELCH. I hope the Senator from Illinois
will not press the passage of this bill to-day; it is
i of such a character, and involves principles and
! details of such importance, that it is impossible to
! be fully acquainted with them without an exami-
' nation of the bill, whieh has not been printed. I
have received some communications on the sub-
j ject, the purport of which is not now distinctly in
my mind, and I would prefer that the mattershould
! lie over until I can look at them.
I Mr. DOUGLAS. Oh! certainly; let the matter
lie over.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. WEBSTER. I will take this occasion,
sir, with the permission of the Senate, to advert to
a resolution which I presented to the Senate some
two or three months ago, on the subject of the
public lands. Some time after, the resolution was
called up and made the order of the day for last
Monday week; it was crowded out, however, by
