804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
the pendency of the question respecting the Cali-
fornia bill and (he territories. I now wish, sir, to
say that during next week it wiil not be conve-
nient for me to call it up. After the close of next
week I propose to ask the Senate to take up that
resolution at the earliest opportunity that may be
offered, which shall not interfere with the progress
of the bill for the admission of California.
Mr. WALKER. In connection with the sub-
ject, I wish to make an inquiry of the Committee
on Public Lands. It will be remembered that at
an early period in the session 1 introduced a bill
upon the subject which has just been referred to
by the Senator*from Massachusetts. That bill,
sir, a long time ago, was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, i know not what progress
the committee is making with it, but I am very
anxious to know, and I ask the committee, if there
U any prospect of their coming to a conclusion, so
as to make a report either one way or the other,
and if not, whether they will not consent to report
the bill back without any recommendation, in
order that it may be before the Senate, and that j
the Senator from Massachusetts may have an op- i
portunity of addressing himself to that bill, as well j
as to his own resolution, when it may be taken i
up for discussion. 1 have received a great many j
letters upon this subject, and in almost nil of them !
I am interrogated as to the prospect of this meas- 1
ure. I can assure Senators—unless indeed they
have received letters of a similar character—that
they are not aware of the feeling and interest that
is manifested throughout the country on this sub-
ject. I should be much pleased if some other Sen-
ator than myself, and the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts especially, would take an in-
terest in this bill.
Mr. FELCH. I will state, for the information
of the Senator from Wisconsin, and of other Sen-
ators who feel an interest in this matter, that not
only the bill of the Senator from Wisconsin, but
several other matters of the same character, several
resolutions of State Legislatures, and petitions
from difleient paris of the country, in reference to
a change in the disposal of the public lands, weie
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
that the committee have not yet acted upon this
class of petitions and applications. They have
not done so because the resolution of the Senator
from Massachusetts proposes not merely to insti-
tute an inquiry before the committee, but to ex-
press an opinion of the Senate on the course to be
pursued in disposing of this subject. There are
also several other resolutions of the same nature,
which have been submitted to the Senate, but
which have not yet been acted on, or referred to
the committee. We thought it belter, therefore,
inasmuch as a day had been fixed by the Senate
for taking up the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts, which would be an expression of
the sense of the Senate on the subject, to defer
action on this class of cases until that action was
had by the Senate, and until all the resolutions
representing the various plans and suggestions for
the disposal of the public lands should come be-
fore the committee. We then design taking them
up in a body, and making such a report as may
be the result of the deliberations of the committee
actingon the whole subject matter. If, however,
it is the wish of the Senate that the committee
should take up the subject and make a report be-
fore the whole matter is before them, we can do
so. 1 must be permitted to say that the commit-
tee have been by no means negligent of this or
any other class of business submitted to them.
The large mass of other matters referred to the
committee have kept them constantly and fully
employed, without attending to this one.
Mr. WALKER. It was furthest from my in-
tention to charge the committee with negligence.
I know that it is a committee on which a great
amount of labor is thrown, and I know that they
apply themselves most industriously to the inves-
tigation of that business. I take occasion, how-
ever, to say that 1 cannot concur in the idea that
a bill, drawn up for practical purposes, should be
delayed in its consideration until a resolution,
proposing a mere inquiry or a mere abstract dec-
laration of opinion on the part of the Senate, shall
be acted on and go to that committee. What is
the resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts ' ,
It is a resolution that there ought to be a cession '
of the public lands to the actual occupants, it i
proposes, therefore, a mere declaration of opinion j
on the part of the Senate. The bill proposes to
enact the law itself, and I should be very much
pleased indeed if the committee would report it
back in some way or other, so that it may be
under consideration when the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts addresses the Senate upon the subject
of his resolution, that he may have the details of
the bill and the plan it proposes before him, and
may give us the benefit of his counsel as to the
propriety of this provision, and especially what
amendments may be necessary. I repeat, that I
do not see any propriety in keeping back the bill
until the Senate shall have expressed an opinion
on the resolution of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The subject was then dropped.
GOLD COINAGE.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 present a resolution to the
Senate, which I propose to call up to-morrow, and
to make some observations on the subject to which
it refers:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance he instructed
to inquire what measuies it may be mo*t expedient to adopt
to facilitate and increase the gold coinage of the United
States.
The resolution lies over under the rule.
SERGEANT-AT-ARMS PRO TEM.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That I?a^c Holland perform the'duties of Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the Senate during the temporary absence
of Robert Bealc, and that he be authorized to employ such
assistant a<? lie deems proper.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the resolution will He
over.
j Mr. WALKER. If the Senator will withdraw
1 his objection, I have an amendment which I de-
| sire to offer.
j Mr. BADGER. "Better do it to-morrow. You
| can send it to the Chair now, however.
Mr. WALKER. The amendment is to strike
j out all after the word tk resolved," and substitute
I the following:
; " That the Senate now pioceed to the election of a Ser-
1 gennt-at-Arms of the Senate lot the present Congress."
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 hope the resolution will
lie over. There is no rule to which the resolution
conforms; and, for one, I have no idea of making
an officer for two weeks of any one.
Mr. BENTON, (in his seat.) Certainly not.
Mr. WEBSTER. [ hope the resolution will
lie on the table, never to be moved again.
Mr. BRIGHT. Does the Senator refer to my
resolution, or to the amendment ?
Mr. WEBSTER. To one and all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
not now in nider to be considered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I know it is not, sir, if it is
objected to. But I have a remark to offer, inas-
much as my resolution has been declared to be
improper. I can show that it is in accordance
with precedents.
. Mr. WEBSTER. Oh, no. I did not speak
j against the propriety of the resolution. What I
j meant to say was, that I could not see the neces-
sity of supplying a new officer to fill the place of
| one absent only for eight or ten days.
! The resolution lies over under the rule.
[ NOTICES OF BILLS,
j Mr. BORLAND gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
1 introduce a bill to amend the tliiid section of the
, act entitled <kAn act authorizing the Governor of
1 the Territory of Arkansas to lease the salt springs
! in said territory and for other purposes," appro-
: ved April 20, 1832.
I Mr. KING gave notice that he would to-morrow,
, or some early day thereafter, ask leave to intro-
! dace a bill granting the right of way through the
! public lands of the United States to companies
authorized by the State of Alabama to construct
plank roads in said State, with the right of pre-
; emption to contiguous lands.
! BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, in pursuance of
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to amend an act entitled "An act granting a ,
section of land for the improvement of Giant
, river, at the town of Potosi, in the State of Wis- j
1 consin;" which was read a first and second time 1
' by its title, and referred to the Committee on
1 Commerce.
| PUBLIC PRINTING.
I Mr* CASS. I rise, Mr. President, to make a
suggestion. The public printing, it seems to me,
is the very first thing to which the Senate should
now turn its attention. The delays |o the public
business resulting from the delays in the execution
of the public printing, and the great amount of
public money involved, renders it impeiative on
the Senate, it seems to me, to settle the question,
at once.
I therefore mustexpress my hope thatno private
bill will be allowed to take precedence of the ques-
tion of the public printing. There is nothing more
important. Five months have passed away, and
yet none of the important public documents are
before us. Even the eulogies on Mr. Calhoun,
short as they were, and which all are so anxious
to send throughout the counfry, have not yet been
presented to us, and it is impossible to tell when
they will be. I have received numerous letters
inquiring why these public documents have not
been forwarded. Why, it was only the other day
when, having occasion to refer to a public docu-
ment, that I had to go to the Clerk's table and
examine the original. In the mean time, we have
been legislating in the dark—actually groping
along with our eyes shut. And what is the use of
these volumes at all, if they are not to be fur-
nished until after the subjects to which they refer
have been disposed of? I think there is nothing
more important than that we should dispose of
this question of public printing, and I, for one,
will consent that no other subject shall be taken
up until this is disposed of.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to second the sug-
gestion of my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
and I wish to state a fact in connection therewith.
I stepped into the folding-room the other day and
saw a pretty large pile of documents lying there.
Inquiring what they were, I was told that they
consisted of the President's message and accom-
panying documents. I said that 1 had received,
as I think, only ten of these documents, and that
I was extremely anxious to get the portion falling
to my share, and that I wanted to know why they
had not been supplied. I was told in reply, that
the Committee on Printing had rejected them be-
cause they did not come up to the contract for
binding. I then stated that if they would send
me even the rejected parcels, I would gladly take
them and distribute them among my constituents,
who had manifested considerable anxiety to re-
ceive them. That, I believe, has been the condi-
tion of things from the commencement of the
session. We get nothing in time, and what we do
get, does not come up to the contract, and on that
account is rejected by the committee. Really this
state of things would seem to demand some lef-
ormation, and I hope the Senate will act on the
subject.
Mr. BORLAND. Iconcurfully in the remarks
of the Senator from Michigan, on the subject of
the public printing. I have labored very hard, as
chairman of that committee, and at the earliest
possible moment, to induce the Printing Commit-
tee to act on this subject. We made a report to
the Senate, which has been lying on the table for
I know not how many weeks," but which, for want
of an opportunity, has not been taken up by the
Senate. I am therefore very much in hopes that
it will be taken up now and disposed of. I wish
to say, in relation to the remark of the Senator
from Kentucky, that I have been informed of the
occurrence to which he alludes, and 1 will state the
circumstances in relation to it.
In obedience to the joint resolution of Congress,
the Committee on Printing contracted for the bind-
ing of ail documents which had been or might be
ordered by Congress, which, when printed, would
make three hundred pages and over. The contract
was given out and a bond for its faithful perform-
ance was taken, and a standard by which the work
was to be done whs exhibited by me on this floor,
on the passage of this joint resolution. The first
halt dozen, or perhaps eight or ten volumes bound
under that contract, were sent here, and, upon be-
ing examined by the committee, were approved of,
and adopted, under the assurance of the contract-
ors that ail the work should be of that quality.
The paper, the printing, and the binding all were
approved of, and the standard fixed. For some
time no more copies were received. When another
supply came to hand I had an intimation that the
work was of inferior quality, and when I examined
the volumes which came to my room I found they
were below the standard agreed upon; so far below
