1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 20,
therein for each of the following objects, namely: Compen-
sation to postmasters; transportation of- the mails; ship,
steamboat, and way letters; wrapping-paper; office furni-
ture; advertising; mail-bags; blanks; mail-locks, keys,
and stamps; mail depredations and special agents; clerk3
for offices; and miscellaneous; in order that the same may
b* earned to the credit and debit of the appropriation for
the service of the Post Office Department on ihe books of
the Auditor for said department; and said Auditor may em-
ploy such number of clerks at &uch salaries as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall allow.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. The Postmaster Gen-
eral may order the dead letters in the post offices in Cali-
fornia and Oregon to be returned to and openrd at San
Francisco, instead of being sent to the General Post Office.
He may dispense with advertising proposals for carrying the
mails in California and Oregon in the papers in the city of
Washington, and he may allow to postmasters there a com-
mission tor their compensation not exceeding seventy-five
per cent, on the amount of postage received at their re-
spective offices, instead of the amount now fix«d by law.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be thf
duty of the Secretary of the Navy, in addition to the mail
service of once each month by him already contracted for
under the fifth section of act entitled 4<An act providing
for the building and equipment of four naval steamships,"
approved March four, eighteen hundied and forty-seven, to
contract, on behalf of the United States, for the 'transporta-,
tion of the mails in steamships between Panama and San
Francisco, and the intermediate p^rts, another time each
month, each way, in such manner as to connect with the
mail arriving twice each month at Chagres, on the Atlantic,
so as to make two mails each way to San Francisco.
Mr. TCJRNEY. I think this amendment ought
to be explained. It seems to contain very im-
portant sections, and I think they ought not to be
passed without investigation. It is proposed to
transfer a branph of the Post Office Department to
California, and to invest it with all the powers
within the limits of that district which appertain
to the Postmaster General in the remainder of the
United States, and to give to the branch thus cre-
ated officers to carry these provisions into opera-
tion. in fact it is to create a colony in relation to
the Post Office Department in California. It strikes
me that a measure of such importance, and intro-
ducing so great a change in the Post Office Depart-
ment, deserves more consideration than we can
give to it during the short period remaining of the
present session. I certainly am not prepared to
vote for such an amendment without ample ex-
planation.
Mr. WALKER. I am sorry to see that amend-
ment offered. It sounds to me a little like a mel-
ancholy acknowledgment that we have extended
our dominion a little too far. It is a peculiar
proposition, ft may not be designed as an ac-
knowledgment of the kind I mention, but it cer-
tainly so impresses itself'upon my mind, and it
excites in me rather a peculiar tiain of thought.
Sir, the Federal head of this Government, estab-
lished by the Constitution, seems for the first time
in our history about to be sundered, and to be dis-
tributed between two portions of the Republic.
That amendment, it appears to me, points the first
finger to the establishment of an eastern and a
western empire, i think the Senator from Ten-
nessee may well remark that it is a singular propo-
sition. I certainly think it is one of too great im-
portance to be sufficiently considered in the short
space of time which is yet left us, considering all
, the other urgent business which is still before us.
For my part, 1 earnestly hope that it may be con-
sidered more thoroughly and deeply than we can
possibly have time to consider it during the pres-
ent session, and I trust the Senator will with-
draw it.
Mr. RUSK. I am surprised that this proposi-
tion has excited any astonishment at this time, for
it was reported by the committee more than six
months ago,'in answer to a memorial presented to
the Senate by merchants of the cities of Boston
and New Yotk. One proposition is to increase
the mails between this part of the United States
and Oregon. At present the mail passes between
New Yotk and Chagres twice a month, and from
Panama to San Francisco only once a month, and
great inconvenience is the necessary result On
this subject petitions have come to the Senate from
merchants of Boston and New York> for an in-
crease of th.e mails on the Pacific side. I think it
is due that the mail service there should be in-
creased, so as to obviate the inconvenience of
which complaints are now so justly made.
The other propositions in the bill are based
upon suggestions of the Postmaster General. I
have struggled hard to get the bill up fora long time,
but little matters, of a local character altogether,
have been pressed forward so as to render it im-
possible for me to get the bill before the Senate.
The compensation which is allowed to postmast-
ers, under the law, in other sections of the United
States, will not secure t^e services of men capable
of discharging the businesss at those distant parts
of the Union. The existing state of things there
is peculiar; labor commands a great price; conse-
quently the amount of commissions given to a
postmaster in any,other part of the United States
will not be sufficient to procure the services of a
postmaster there. We have no mail route to Cali-
fornia by land. We ought to have one promptly.
The examination of accounts, and the superintend*
ence of the mail service, cannot be well performed
when the superintendents have to travel by the
way of Panama on account of the length of time
required. The returns which are made for one
quarter do not reach the department here until the
next quarter is past. A six months'voyage has
to be made to get the accounts audited here, when
it might be as well done there by an agent appointed
for the purpose. The 'Postmaster General could
send one of his assistants out there for the purpose
of superintending these mail affairs. He sends his
mail agents everywhere, and yet mail agents in
Missouri do not point to a separation of this
Union. No, sir. The separation, or the danger
of separation, will not come from the extremes.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Not at all.
Mr. RUSK. If from any quarter, that danger
may be looked for here. Agitation here may throw
off the extremes, but from the extremes no danger
need be anticipated. This amendment looks to
nothing of that description. It was submitted upon
the suggestion of the Postmaster General. It was
sent in when the first petitions were received from
Boston and New York on the subject. The bill
was drawn up hy the Postmaster General, after
mature deliberation, and the bill in relation to the
Auditor there was also drawn up by him, after the
whole subject had been examined fully and thor-
oughly, arid by him sent to me.
Mr. WALKER. The speech of the honorable
Senator from Texas sounds to me very much like
his proposition. Now, sir, if it was reduced to the
smallest possible space into which it could be re-
duced, it amounts to nothing more nor less than an
acknowledgment that our territory has been so far
extended that it cannot be managed by the old ma-
chinery of the Government. Well, suppose that
it cannot be done for a year or two, owing to pe-
culiar circumstances, the time, it is to be hoped, will
come, and that shortly, when facilities of commu-
nication in regard to that country will be as great
as they now are in the oldest settled parts of the
United States. I think, therefore, that it certainly
will be better to submit to the inconveniences under
which we may labor for a short time than to take
this very unadvised step. The Senator from Texas
says that there is no fear of a separation coming
from'the extremes of the country.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator permit me to in-
terrupt him ?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly.
Mr. RUSK. I do not wish to encroach upon
that portion of the day which is set apart for the
business of California, although this is a part of
| the business which appertains to that State. I will
therefore withdraw this amendment now, and I
give notice, at the same time, in order that gentle-
men may have an opportunity of examining this
matter, that on the first day when I can do so, I
will move to take up this proposition as a separate
measure.
Mr. WALKER. I will ask permission to finish
the sentence which I was uttering when the Sena-
tor interrupted me. The Senator from Texas says
there is no danger of a separation of the Union
from the extremes. Here, however, is a proposi-
tion coming from one of the extremes which, to
) me, evidently appears to lead to that result.
The amendment was then withdrawn.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
" And he it further enacted, That the third section of the
act ot Augu&t 14, 184^, entitled 'An act to establish certain
po^t routes,' be extended to the Territories of Utah and New
Mexico; and that the Postmaster General be authorized to
e^tablMi such rates of postage in the said Territories as to
him may r-eem proper, not exceeding those authorized in
said act."
The object of that amendment is simply this:
There are no post routes established by the exist-
ing law either in Utah or New Mexico; nor is there
.any authority by which the Post Office Depart-
ment can establish post w>utes and post offices in
these Territories. The third section of the act of
1848 gave a discretionary authority, so far as Cal-
ifornia and Oregon were concerned, leaving the two
interior Territories without any postal provisions.
The amendment proposes to extend the general
authority of the Postmaster General to these Ter-
ritories, and to adopt the same rates of postage as
are established by the act of 1848.
The amendment was agreed to,
Amendments establishing post routes were
adopted, on the motions of Mr. DAYTON and of
Mr. DODGE of Wisconsin.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the several amendments adopted by the Senate
as-in Committee of the Whole were concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed; and the bill was
read a third time and passed.
LEGISLATION FOR CALIFORNIA.
The bills heretofore introduced by the Senators
from California were some days since made the
special order'for this day; and, on motion, the
Senate proceeded to their consideration.
CALIFORNIA JUDICIARY.
The first hill taken up was "a bill to provide
for extending the laws and the judicial system
of the United States to the State of California."
A long debate ensued, mainly upon the rate
of compensation to be paid to the district judges,
of which a report will be found m the Appendix.
The bill underwent Some amendment, and was
passed through its final stages.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate then" proceeded to the considera-
tion of the bill to create collection districts in Cali-
fornia.
The bill, after an elaborate discussion and
amendment, of which a report will be published
in the Appendix, was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to offer a resolution
which I think is important.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That on arid after Monday next, the hour of
meeting ot the Senate shall be 10 o'clock, a. m.
The resolution was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS.
Mr. FREMONT. I move that the remaining
bills in relation to the State of California, be
made the special order for Monday next, at twelve
o'clock.
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope that no day will
now be fixed for taking up the remaining Califor-
nia business. We have several appropriation,
bills' to take up, and it is absolutely necessary
that they should be disposed of. . I am as willing
as any Senator to attend to California business,
but we must have these appropriation bills dis-
posed of.
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise simply to state that on
Monday next, at twelve o'clock, I shall ask the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of Execu-
tive business.
Pending the question on the motion of Mr.
Fremont—
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE-OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, September 21,1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution, which,
he said, was of interest to the whole country, and
to which, therefore, he hoped that no objection
would be made.
The resolution was read for information. It
provided thnt tbe daily hour of meeting of this
House should be ten o'clock for the remainder of
the session, unless otherwise ordered by the House.
The resolution having been read, objection was
made to'its introduction.
Mr. COBB (under the 137th rule, which prohib-
its general motions to suspend the rules on other
days than Mondays, "except during the last ten
days of the session") moved that the rules of the
House be suspended to enable him to introduce
the resolution.
Mr. BAYLY. We will lose time by the adop-
tion of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order.
