1900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 2lr,
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. BOKEE, in consequence of Mr. Stanton's
modification of his amendment, asked and obtained
leave to withdraw his (Mr. B.'s) amendment to
the amendment.
The question recurring upon agreeing to Mr.
Stanton's modified amendment—
The amendment was read.
Mr. BOWLIN moved an amendment to the
amendment, as follows:
"Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall in no
case contract to give more than $10,000 for the right to use
the patent so adopted, nor shall he contract to use any, until
the contract for the purchase price of the tight of use is
consummated."
Mr. BOWLIN warmly opposed the amendment
of the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. He said the fact that it was plausible, fur-
nished no sound argument for its support. He
called upon members of the committee to take no-
tice that, however plausible, it was a plan to ena-
ble this inventor to pat his hands into the Treasury
at his own pleasure, and at the pleasure of a com-
mittee who might be appointed to decide. He
referred to the immense benefits which resulted
from the invention of the cotton gin arid of the
steam engine; and said if such a contract had been
made with their inventors as was now pressed
upon Congress, they would have received millions
and hundreds of millions of dollars annually.
What would be the amount paid under this amend-
ment? Did anybody know? Would it be ten
or fifteen millions of dollars? He was utterly
opposed to this plan of opening the doors of the
Treasury to individuals. This inventor was to
select one person and the officer of the Treasury
to select another, to determine- how d«eply this
man should plunge his arms into the Treasury.
The whole system was wrong. The Congress of
the United States was the appointed guardian, un-
der the Constitution, of the public Treasury; and
so help him God, he would never surrender that
authority to any executive officer or to any irrespon-
sible commission who might be influenced by they
knew not what motives in estimating the value of
this invention. If it was valuable, let a proper
compensation be determined-upon, and let Con-
gress appropriate a specific sum in dollars and
cents. Let everybody know how much this man
was to receive—and let them not appropriate an
indefinite and unknown amount.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said, he was
quite sure the proposition he had reported would
have none of the monstrous effects which the gen-
tleman from Missouri seemed to anticipate. A
patent continued for fourteen years; this prop-
osition gave the inventor one half of the saving
effected by it for five years. Five years was about
one third of fourteen; one half of a third was one
sixth; so that the Government proposed to give
the inventor one sixth of the actual saving from
this invention, for the time during which a patent
continued. The gentleman from Missouri argued
by analogy from the invention of the cotton gin
and of the steam engine, that this inventor might
receive millions annually; he (Mr. S.) referred to
the amount of this item of appropriation, and said
that out of an aggregate expenditure of only two
or three hundred thousand dollars, the saving was
to be estimated. He could not conceive of a fairer
or more just mode of estimating the value of the
invention. !
Mr. BURT desired to ask a question of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The gentleman's proposition, if he understood it
correctly, required the Secretary of the Navy to
adopt that improvement if it should be found bet-
ter than any other. He desired to know of the
gentleman what reason there was for making it
imperative upon the Secretary of the Navy to
adopt this improvement? Why not leave it at his
discretion?
Mr. STANTON. I will answer the question.
It has already been proved, not only theoretically
but pmctically, to be the best invention; but in
defeience to the  vishes of the gentleman from
New York, I modified my amendment so that the
Secretary of the Navy shall not be required to
adopt it, unless it shall be approved by the board
of engineers as the best invention of the kind.
The reason why it is proposed to make it impera-
tive upon the Secretary of the Navy is, that
although it has for more than a year been reported
favorably upon by the board of engineers, yet the
Secretary of the Navy states that he is not author-
ized to adopt it. The Committee on Naval Affairs
have investigated the subject fully, and come to
the conclusion with the chief engineer—a portion
of whoseletter was read yesterday—that it is indis-
pensable that this proposition should be adopted.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Taylor, and Mann of Pennsylvania, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 58.
So the amend ment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. YENABLE moved to amend the amend-
ment of Mr. Stanton, by striking out the word
" directed," and substituting " authorized at his
discretion."
Mr. V. said: Mr. Chairman, this is another ap-
plication to interest the Government in the hazards
of a private speculation—another proof that prece-
dents should be cautiously admitted, for the influ-
ence which they exert is most deleterious if they
are precedents for wrongs. Being most readily
quoted, and the reasons for them not being always
at hand, and the circumstances under which they
have arisen not being properly appreciated, they
usually are substituted for fundamental law. The
connection of the Government with mail steamers
has involved us in the casualties belonging to the
transportation of produce and passengers, as well
as the mail. By law we are interested with indi-
viduals and corporations, and engaged in pursuits
which belong to private enterprise. By the pres-
ent proposition we are asked to go into the Patent
Office and take part of the risk of profit and loss
in the use of an invention. I have no objection to
the purchase of the patent by the Secretary of the
Navy, if he should ^e satisfied that it will be use-
ful and economical. I would not be over-scrupu-
lous as to the sum paid for its use. I would be
liberal, although 1 see no reason why our Govern-
ment, which grants the monopoly of a patent, and
protects the inventor in its enjoyment, should pur-
chase on more disadvantageous terms than any in-
dividual who may desire to do the same. Yet I
think that the sum should be fixed. If the Secre-
tary pays too much for it, it will be our loss; if it
is as valuable as the inventor supposes, it will be
our gain. In either case he will be paid for his in-
vention. I am sure that no one supposes that an
inventor either would or should return the pur-
chase money because the invention did not meet
the anticipations of the purchaser. So there is no
obligation, legal or moral, which binds the pur-
chaser to divide profits if it proves to be valuable.
The amendment of the chairman imperatively
commands the Secretary to purchase: I propose
to leave it to his sound discretion.
Mr. Chairman, it is wrong in principle to pur-
sue any other system of action. If inventions are
really useful, they will find those who will gladly
pay for their use. The exclusive monopoly of the
patent is a sufficient compensation for the risk of
the experiment. This is the theory of the patent
law, and the only ground upon which it can be
justified. I make no remark about this particular
steam-condenser. I know nothing of its mechan-
ism or its usefulness. I hope it is at! that it has
been described, and that the inventor may reap a
golden reward for his ingenuity. But I protest
against this interfering and interrupting on the
part of this Government with those enteiprises,
which, in their nature, must succeed best when
under individual control. The ocean is traversed
by steamers from almost all civilized nations, and
if this condenser has the merit supposed, there is
a most extensive field for its employment. I do
not feel willing to direct the Secretary to adopt
any machinery, or to tax the Treasury to meet
the risk of experiments on its efficacy. I am not
sufficiently informed on the subject, and think
that the wiser course is, to refer it to those who
are better qualified to decide. Gentlemen tell us,
that this is a legitimate field for the operation of
Government. They say that it relates to carrying
the mail, and that is one of our duties. The same
course of reasoning would lead us very far. If
we ought to become partners in building the ships
and purchasing the boilers and condensers of the
steamers because they carry the mail, we ought,
with equal propriety, to breed horses, and raise
hemp, make cordage, forge iron bolts, work cop-
per, gather naval stores, saw timber and make .
coaches, tan leather, build railroads. The mail is t)
carried on horseback, in coaches, and on railroads,
and the Government could with equal propriety
enter into the one enterprise as into the other, and
with equal prospect of success. Sir, every time we
mingle in such matters we extend the influence
of corporate associations and individuals, who
control the press, operate on Congress, and by
a combination of influences dispose of the rev-
enue and govern the country. Already is the
press subsidized for the promotion of all these
schemes. Column after column of leading pa-
pers contain the history of their merits and make
known their pretensions. Penny-a-liners are in
requisition, and the walls which surround the
liberty of the press are perverted into a hiding-
place for some disappointed applicant, or his
pensioner to shoot poisoned arrows at members of
this House who have the hardihood to act inde-
pendently and vote conscientiously. For my own
part I regard the censure of such persons a high
reward, and one would be induced to ask himself,
should he, unfortunately, receive theirapprobation,
" What have I done wrong that this man should
praise me?" One thing I observe, nothing is
easier than to receive applause at the hands of
thoseof whomlspeak. Vote foralllarge schemes
of expenditure—make speeches in favor of all
splendid schemes—be ever ready to fix them upon
the Treasury, and editorials, communications,
letter-writers, et id omne gmns, will place your
name on that portion of the book of fame to
which they have access, and even astonish you
with thegreat merits which youhaveunconsciously
possessed. To talk of economy is vulgar, to save
the public money is contracted, and to prevent
taxation the consummation of littleness. All
this is natural; the "ox knoweth his owner and
the ass his master's crib;" even the dog knows his
master's whistle, and follows at his heels. All this
pressure is perhaps necessary, for near the close of
the session these great schemes mature, and, a
few eventful days make sad havoc with the
Treasury. Nothing, sir, shall deter me from a
strict scrutiny into their merits : if advisable and
expedient, I shall give them my support; if not, I
shall resist them to the last.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interposing.)
If nothing is saved, nothing is paid. If anything
is saved, the individual is only to have apart of
that amount for a given time.
Mr. VENABLE. I understand that. The
proposition is to interest the Government with the
individual, and to make the Government pay far
more at the end than it would in the beginning. It
makes the Government keep an account, and settle
with the inventor at a certain time.
Mr. SACKETT said, he was opposed to the
proposition before the committee, so far as he was
able to judge of it from any information now be-
fore thein. What was the proposition? It was
to make the Government an experimenter to try
a new invention. Let us see under what circum-
stances it was presented. We had a merchant
marine. We had the experience of a number of
years upon the seas 
The CHAIR interposed,_ and said that the im-
mediate question before the committee was on the
a mend ment proposed by thegentleman-from North
Carolina, [Mr. Venable.]
Mr. SACKETT. Yes. I am opposed to the
amendment.
The CHAIR. The gentleman must limit hia
remarks to the amendment of the gentleman from
North Carolina.
Mr. SACKETT, (continuing.) What informa-
tion had the committee in relation to the subject.'
Was there any report from the owners of any
ships who had made experiments?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interposing.)
Yes, sir.
Mr. SACKETT, (continuing, and apparently
not hearing the remark of Mr. Stanton.) We
have heard nothing upon the subject. It was said
that it would cost nothing 
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interposing.)
If the gentleman from New York will allow me.
Mr. SACKETT declined to yield, remarking,
that he had not time. It was said, (M r. S. con-
tinued,) that the cost would be nothing-, because
what was paid would come out of what was saved.
But the expense of introducing the invention had
to be paid by the Government. If anything should
be saved, why, to that extent, to be sure, the ar-
gument was good; but still, he repeated, the Gov-
