1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1901
ernment had to pay the cost of the introduction of
the machine. Until such time as evidence should
be laid before them, from persons having made the
proper trials, that this invention was valuable, he
should object to this Government turning experi-
menter for the benefit of this individual.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Venable to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurring on the amendment,
Mr. CRO WELL offered the following as a sub-
stitute therefor:
" That the Secretary of the Navy be authorized to exam-
ine into the merits of the various condensers for supplying
the boilers of marine engines with fiesh water, and that he
report to this House, at its next session, the result of said
examination, together with his opinion as to the value of the
best of said condensers to the Government of the United
States; and that the sum of $5,01)0 be, and the same is here-
by, appropriated to carry into effect this provision."
Mr. CROWELL said, that if the committee
sanctioned any measure looking to action upon this
invention, as proposed by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] it seemed to him (Mr.
C.) that something of the kind indicated in his
amendment should be adopted. He did not think
that the Government ought to select one of these
patents, without reference to the merits of a num-
ber of others which were known to be in exist-
ence. They ought to act upon full and adequate
information; and to that end the matter should, in
his judgment, be referred to the Secretary of the
Treasury or the Secretary of the Navy. Let that
officer institute an examination, and report the re-
sult to Congress at its next session. Congress
would then be prepared to make a selection be-
tween these various plans. But, again: At this
stage of the session he did not think that the
Government should enter into any permanent ar-
rangement. We all know that, according to the
theory of Professor Page, steam, as a motive
power, was to be superseded by electro-magnet-
ism. He (Mr. C.) thought that the hands of the
Government should not be tied, and that it should
not be compelled', by a permanent contract, to use
steam as a motive power, when no man could tell
how soon its use might be superseded by a still
more powerful and perfect agent. There was yet
another objection in his mind to the proposition of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton.]
The measure of compensation was entirely unlim-
ited and indefinite. In what way could the amount
of money to be paid be ascertained, if this amend-
ment should be adopted? It was entirely pre-
posterous, he must say, with great deference to
the mover of it. It was impossible to act upon a
proposition of this kind in any regular way. If
the committee was to "*take any action at all, he
hoped it would be by the appropriation of a spe-
cific sum of money, and by a provision that ex-
periments should be made by competent engineers
or scientific men, in order that the merits of the
invention might be fully tested. The result could
be reported at the next session, and Congress
could then legislate intelligently upon the matter.
Mr. HALL moved to amend the amendment
of Mr. Crowell, by increasing the appropriation
#100.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to the amendment already pending.
Mr. CROWELL. i propose my amendment
as a substitute for this amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, and suppose that it is open
to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN repeated his decision for-
merly made, that a substitute was simply an
amendment.
So the amendment of Mr.* Hall was not re-
ceived.
Some conversation followed on the point of
order.
Mr. HALL callcd for the reading of the amend-
ment; which was again read.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to-the amendment was agreed to.
And the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. MOREHEAD said, he believed there was
no amendment pending?
The CHAIRMAN said there was not.
Mr. MOREHEAD moved to amend the bill by
inserting therein the following:
« Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, required, in procuring the hemp winch may lieieat-
ter be necessary for naval purposes, to purchase American
water-rotted hemp alone, or such other American hemp as
the navy may need, in open market, whenever practicable:
Provided, The same can be had of equal quality with the
best foreign hemp and at a price not exceeding the average
price of foreign hemp for five years preceding the passage
of the joint resolution respecting contracts for hemp foi the
use of the American navy, approved March 9th, 1848. Jind
provided, further. That hereafter the Secretary of the Navy,
jn advertising for^uaterials for the navy, shall advertise for
cordage, sail clotl^and ducks manufactured in the United
States, out of American cotton or hemp, and in receiving
bids shall, in all cases, give the preference to the Amer-
ican manufacture: Provided, The same be in all respects
equal to the foreign article, and can be procured upon as good
terms."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. MOREHEAD said, that the subject em-
braced in it had been heretofore fully discussed,
and it was not his intention, therefore, to detain
the committee more than a single moment in ex-
plaining its object. It was an amendment to that
portion of the bill which made appropriations,
among other things, for the purchase of hemp.
He proposed to add a proviso confining the Sec-
retary of the Navy to the purchase of American
water-rotted hemp, if it could be procured of a
quality equal to the best quality of the foreign ar-
ticle, and at a price not exceeding the average
price of the foreign article for the last five years.
That was the law as it now stood. The only
difference in his amendment was, that the Sec-
retary of the Navy was authorized to go into
open market, and make purchases under the lim-
itation set forth in the amendment, instead of ma-
king the purchases by contract alone. This was
demanded from the Government by the entire
hemp-growing section of country. They did not
wish the manufacture of the article to be thrown
into the hands of those who might be so fortunate
as to obtain contracts for it, but that it should
be thrown open; and if the Government through
its agents could procure an article equal to the
best foreign article, and at the average price of the
hemp for the last five years, he could see no
reason why our own producers should not have
the benefit of the market. The amendment also
contained a proviso, that in the purchase of duck
and other materials made out of hemp and cotton,
which were necessary to the equipment ofa vessel,
the Secretary of the Navy should be required,-
where all the circumstances were equal, to give
the preference to the American .article manu-
factured out of the American raw material, if it
could be procured as good and on as fair terms as
the foreign article. Surely there could be no ob-
jection to confining the Secretary of the Navy to
the purchase of our own article, produced in
our country, and manufactured in our own
country, where it could be procured of as good a
quality, and on as fair terms, as the foreign ar-
ticle. This was all that was asked. Mr. M.
enforced the expediency of the adoption of the
amendment by reference to the great capacity of
the hemp-growing region to produce this article,
and to the impulse which these provisions would
give to the growth and manufacture of that staple.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, said that the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Morehead,] was somewhat of an old ac-
quaintance.
Mr. BURT interposed to a point of order. He
submitted that the amendment was not in order
under the 81st rule, because it proposed a change
in existing: laws.
The CHAIRMAN said, if such was the fact,
the amendment was not in order.
Mr. BURT said, that his friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Morehead] had, in his remarks, admitted
that the amendment proposed to modify an exist-
ing law, for he had distinctly pointed out the dif-
ference between the law as it now stood, and the
law as the amendment proposed to make it.
Mr. MOREHEAD said, that a law was passed
in 1848 authorizing 
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, interposed, and in-
quired of the Chair, whether the point of order
was debatable?
The CHAIRMAN said it was not.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, submitted that the
amendment did change existing laws, in this re-
spect—the existing law required the Secretary of
the Navy to purchase water-rotted hemp by con-
tract, whilst the amendment proposed so changed
the law as to desttoy all competition.
Mr. MOREHEAD made a suggestion, which
was not fully heard by the Reporter; after which,
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he should feel corn-
spelled to appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BCJRT called for tellers on the appeal. • •
Mr. VENABLE. Will the Chair state the
question ?
The CHAIRMAN stated the point of order,
and that the question was on the appeal.
The amendment of Mr. Morehead was then
again read.
Messrs. Strong and Fowler were appointed
tellers.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House?" was taken,
and the tellers reported—ayes 69, noes 63.
So the decision was affirmed, and the amendment
of Mr. Morehkad was ruled out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
the item which reads " for repair of vessels in or-
dinary, and for wear and tear of vessels* in com-
mission, including fuel for steamers and the pur-
chase of hemp, $1,750,000," so as to made it read
"for repair of vessels in ordinary, and for wear
and tear of vessels in commission, including fuel
for steamers, and the purchase of American water-
rotted hemp, to be bought by the Secretary in
open market, $1,750,000; Provided, The price of
the American hemp shall not exceed the average
price of (he foreign article for the last five years."
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, raised the same point
of order as had been made by the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Burt] against the previous
amendment. The present amendment, he said,
effected precisely the same object as the previous
amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said, the section
he proposed to amend directed that a certain quan-
tity of hemp shouW be purchased; his amendment
merely directed the manner in which it should be
purchased.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I appeal from that de-
cision.
The question being on the appeal,
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Phelps and Corwin were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 61, noes 75.
The CHAIRMAN. The vote is-ayes^l , noes
75. So the decision of the Chair is overruled, an*I
the previous decision of ths committee is reversed.
[A laugh.]
The question recurring, Shall the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky be agreed to ?—
Mr."STANTON, of Kentucky, said he did not
propose to make a speech on this subject. He
was satisfied that the whole House understood the
proposition. His colleague had properly explained
it. It was unnecessary to say anything on the
subject. He desired, however, to modify his
amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, opposed the amend-
ment. As he had before remarked, the present
proposition was substantially the proposition of
the other gentleman from Kentucky. It was noth-
ing more nor less than a proposition to change the
existing law by which the navy was furnished
wnh hemp. The existing law required that Ameri-
can hemp should be purchased, if it could be .ob-
tained of equal quality with foreign hemp, and at
a price not exceeding the average price of the for-
eign for the last five years. But how was it pro-
cured under the existing law ? As beef, pork, and
every other article for the use of the navy was
procured—by contract from the lowest bidder.
This ameudment proposed to give the Secretary
of the Navy the power to send his agents where
he pleased, and to buy of whom lie pleased, being
responsible to no one and acting under no law.
In other words, it was a proposition to throw the
whole amount of patronage that could be derived
from this article into the hands of the Secretary of
the Navy for the time being—to be distributed to
his pets and favorites. It was a most outrageous
proposition, reversing the whole practice of the
Government, If adopted, in reference to this arti-
cle, it should be in reference to all other articles
which were purchased for the use of the navy.
Like the gentleman from Kentucky, he (Mr. H.)
represented a large hemp-growing constituency,
and he demanded for them a fair, open market,
in which they could compete, on terms of'equality,
with others. Under this amendment those who
happened to have ths most influence with the
