!850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
bill on yesterday, it is fair to infer that his object
is to defeat the measure. 1 do not propose to enter
into a defence of the institution of Odd Fellowship.
I may, however, be permitted to say, that I know
enough of the institution to see the object desired
to be obtained by the petitionees for this bill, and
the reasons which place them in a different posi-
tion from most benevolent associations. I may be
permitted here to state the fact, that at times the
Order has the control oflargely accumulating funds,
which, as occasion may arise, are appropriated to
benevolent and charitable purposes, in this case,
if I am rightly informed, these funds have been
invested in the erection of an Odd Fellows' Hall;
a part of which is occupied by the Order for their
weekly meetings; the balance is rented for various
purposes, and the income added to the charity fund.
For the purpose of enabling the Order to hold
real estate, an act of incorporation becomes desir-
able. The object is simple; and the grant can, it
seems to me, controvert no great political principle.
And the gentleman from Tennessee, in opposing
its passage, appears to me to be wasting his
ammunition uselessly. I desire to see the bill
amended; and, at the proper time, I propose to
offer to amend it, so that the Grand Lodge of this
District can hold property in trust for the use of
its subordinates. Most of the State Grand Lodges
have a provision of this nature in their acts of in-
corporation, and it fully obviates the necessity of
granting similar acts of incorporation to such sub-
ordinate lodges. I trust that the motion to recon-
sider may not prevail.
Mr. ASHMUN said, that in order to save the
unprofitable consumption of time, and a useless
debate, he would move that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the motion to reeonsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. BAYLY, by unanimous consent, withdrew
from the files of the House, "for the purpose of
■having them presented at the Pension Office, the
petition and papers of Charles Russell.
THE POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Mr. MORTON rose, he said, to what he con.
sidered a privileged question. He desired to move
a reconsideration of the, vote by which the bill in
relation to the compensation of the keepers of the
southern draw of the Potomac bridge had yester-
day been laid upon the table. As he had voted
sgainsPthe motion, he did not know that he was
entitled, under the rule of the House, to make
the motion now suggested. If he was not entitled
to do so, he would feel under obligation to any
gentleman who would make it for him.
The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentle-
man had voted in the affirmative?
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, said, that on
the motion tb lay on the table he had voted in the
affirmative, and he would move, in behalf of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Morton,] a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the bill had been'
laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. MORTON said that he had yesterday
asked that the report of the committee, which ac-
companied the bill, might be read. The request
had been refused 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must interrupt
the gentleman. The motion to lay on the table is
not debatable; and a motion to reconsider a mo-
tion to lay on the table is not debatable. The
gentleman, therefore, can proceed only by unani-
mous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. MORTON hoped, he said, that the House
would indulge him for a few moments, whilst he
made a brief explanation.
Objection was made.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
Mr. KAUFMAN desired to be informed by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Morton] what
disposition he proposed to make of the bill if the
motion to reconsider should be agreed to ?
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that no re-
marks could be made, except by the unanimous
consent of the House.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER stated the question.
And the question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Cartter, and decided in the affirmative, with-
out a division.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the.
table.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees in their order for reports, commencing
where the call was last suspended.
PATENTEES.
Mr. ASHMUN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill giving further remedies
to patentees; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
report accompanying, ordered to be printed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported a bill enti-
tled "An act to amend the judiciary act," passed
September 24, 1789; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
THE SUPREME COURT.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, from the
same committee, reported a joint resolution to al-
low the Supreme Court of' the United States a
clerk in Chambers, to be employed as a translator
of languages and copyist; which was read the first
time by its title.
The joint resolution having been read a first time
by its title—
Mr. CARTTER rose, he said, to a question of
order. He desired to be informed whether the
House had not already acted upon a resolution of
precisely the same character as this?
Mr. THOMPSON said that he did not exactly
know what the contents of the former resolution
were. This, however, was not the same.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on that
motion.
The SPEAKER said that the motion to lay the
joint resolution on the table was not now in order.
The resolution had been lead only oncc, and if ob-
jection should be made to the second reading, the
question would then be, " Shall this joint resolu-
tion be rejected?" The motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] would be in order after
the joint resolution had been read a second time.
The resolution was then read a second time by
its title.
Mr. KAUFMAN called for the reading of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER said the resolution would be
read as soon as order was restored.
The resolution having: been read through—
Mr. CARTTER moved that it be laid upon the
table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose, he
said, to a questiorf of order. He submitted that
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] was not in order at this time, because
he (Mr. T.) had not yet yielded the floor. He
held it whilst the bill was being read by its title,
intending to make a motion for its appropriate dis-
position.
A brief conversation followed, the result of
which was to leave
Mr. T. in possession of the floor. He then re-
marked that he supposed the most proper direction
which could be given to the joint resolution, for
the purpose of bringing it under debate, would be
to move its reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. No gentleman
could yet be prepared to say on what ground the
resolution was reported. lie (Mr. T.) was of
opinion that it had been repotted upon ample
ground. He was not tenacious upon the subject,
but it seemed to him that the provision contem-
plated should be made. The resolution provided
for the employment of a clerk for two, three, proba-
bly four months in the yearat an aggregate expense
amounting perhaps to one thousand dollars. He
moved the reference of the joint resolution to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to make an
inquiry. He desired to be informed whether or
not the subject-matter of the resolution had been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary by the
order of the House, or whether the Committee had
itself originated this resolution?
Mr. THOMPSON said he would state in reply
to the inquiry of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] that the subject had not been re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. He
(Mr. T.) believed, however, that the committee
had a right to originate a bill or joint resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS said that he objected to the
resolution. And he did so solely upon the ground
which he had taken on a former occasion, in re-
lation to certain propositions .introduced from one
of the standing committees of the House, by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.]'
Mr. THOMPSON said he might be mistaken
in the opinion, but he had always understood that
the committees of the House had the power to
originate measures in relation to general affairs.
The SPEAKER said the Chair was of opinion
that the objection taken by the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] had been made too late,
and that, to en.ible it to be entertained, it should
have been made when the resolution was read the
first time. The resolution had been read twice,
and the question now was upon the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson,]
that it be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on (he state of the Union.
Mr. STEPHENS did not know, he said, that
the resolution had been read at ail.
The SPEAKER stated that it had been read
twice by its title, and once entirely.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would not occupy
the time of the House, but would content himself
with an expression of the hope that the resolution
would be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, so that it might be dis-
cussed, or, at least, treated respectfully.
Mr. CARTTER said that the Government had
got along sixty years without any provision of
this sort, and he would, therefore, renew the mo-
tion which he had previously submitted, that the
joint resolution be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER put the question, and staled
that " the ayes appeared to have it."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, called f'r
a division.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked for the yeas
and nays, which were Srdered.
And the question, " Shall this jfflnt resolution be
laid upon the table?" was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative—yeas 95, nays 69, as follows:
VEA.^—Alliertson, Averet,t Beale, Bingham,
Rojd, Albert G. Brown, Joseph Cable, Campbell, Cdrttei,
C<tf-e>, Clarke, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Conner, Corvvm,
Dickey, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, A. Evans, Fowler,,
Ffeedley, Gijrry, Giddings, Good^now, Gould, Hall, Ham-
ilton, Hampton, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Ilebard. Henry, '
Holuday, Howe, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Daniel P. King, George G. King,
Preston King, Leffler, Littlefield, Matteson, Mc-/>o«aM, Me-
Dowe!l,MrLanaban, Robert M. McLane, Finis E. McLean,
McQueen, Me Willie, Miller, Mtlteon, Moore, Morton, Olds,
Orr, Otis, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Pitman, Potter, Putnam,
Reynolds, Richardson, Bobbins, Root, Rose, Ross, Saekett,
Savage, Sawielle, Shepperd, Silvester, Spauldmg, Stanly,
Alexander H. Stephens, Stetson, Strong, Sweetser, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Underbill, Walden, Wallace,
Watkms, Wentworth, Wildritk, Williams, Wilmot, Wil-
son, and Wood—95.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Andrews, Ashe, Ashniun,
Bayly, Bennett, Bissell, Bocock, Booth; Bowdon, Bowie,
Bowlin, Briggs, Brooks, William J. Brown, Buel, Chester
Butler, T. B.Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell* Calvin, Cnandler,
Crowell, Daniel, Deberry, Diinnnck, Dixon, Doty, Duer,
Evviue, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Halioway, Hammond, Haral-
son, Sampson W". Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Raymond,
Hoagland, Howard, Kaufman, Kerr, John A. King, La S&re,
MeClernand, McKissock, McMullen, Morehcad, Morsf,
Nelson, Outlaw, Phoenix, Powell, Reed, Rockwell, Rum-
sey, Sprugue, F. P. Stanton, R. H. Stanton, Taylor, James
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Win.Thompson,Thurman,
Van Dyke, Vinton, Wellborn, White, and Wtnthrop—69.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. LLTTLEF1ELD moved a reconsideration
of the vote, and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative without a division.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS. ♦
Mr. GERRY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution, which he sent
to the Clerk's table.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to
which were referred sundiy petitions? in relation to French
spoliations, be instructed to report upon the same as soon
as possible.
The SPEAKER resumed the call for .reports.
On motion by Mr. MORSE, the Committee on
Private Land Claims was discharged from the fur-
