1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept.
Secretary of the Navy for the time being, would
secure the monopoly of the market, and upon
such terms as the Secretary should see fit to give
to his favorites. He understood that the late Sec-
retary of the Navy, in total disregard of the pro-
visions of the existing law, had refused to adver-
tise for contracts for the purchase of hemp, waiting
till this bill came up, and this proposition was
offered; and in consequence the navy had now no
hemp on hand. No hemp had been purchased
for a year or a year and a half, for the reason that
they wanted to procure it in this manner, and leave
the Secretary to act as he pleased—entirely inde-
pendent of any accountability. If this was to be
done, let them follow out the principle, repeal all
laws relative to the procuring of supplies and the
disbursement of money for the navy, and leave the
Secretary of the Navy to pay out ten or twelve
millions of dollars, to whom he pleased, under the
control of no law. He believed it was only neces-
sary to call the attention of the committee to the
features of the amendment to secure its unquali-
fied condemnation.
Mr. HALL offered£n amendment to the amend-
ment, providing " that the amount so purchased
shall not exceed 500 tons per annum."
Mr. HALL stated that the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harris] was mistaken, if he sup-
posed that the hemp-growers asked for this
change of the law as a favor. The hemp-growers
ask no favors of the Government. But heretofore
a resolution was passed, directing the Secretary of
the Navy to enter into contracts for supplying the
Kavy with water-rotted hemp for the term of five
years. This water-rotted hemp, thus supplied, is
subjected to a variety of tests. The farmers
foho grow the hemp are not always prepared, or
always willing to subject their products to these
tests. Under this law, the speculators have mo-
nopolized the supply of the navy. No contract
has been entered into with the farmers.
The proposition which has now been made is,
that the Secretary of the Navy shall go into the
open market for his supplies of hemp for the pub-
lic service. There the grower can come to the
navy agent and tell him, "I will supply you with
a given quantity of hemp at a certain price."
The navy agent is there to receive the offer, to
examine the article, and to make the contract di-
rectly with the farmer. The amendment involved
no principle of protection. Its only object is, to
enable the Secretary to go into the open market
for his hemp, instead of throwing the supply for
the service into the hands of a few speculators m
New York. There is no protection in the amend-
ment. If there had been any, he would have re-
pudiated the proposition. The existing law com-
pels the Secretary of the Navy to go to these spec-
ulators. While they continue in operation, our
farmers can never get a contract for supplying the
navy with hemp.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Hall] says, under the ex-
isting law the farmers cannot take the contract
for hemp; and therefore that the entire benefits
of the contracts go to speculators. If this is a
good objection, it is equally good against the sys-
tem which is uniformly practiced in furrishing
supplies of beef, pork, lumber, and of every otner
article produced in this country, which is required
for the use of the navy.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, asked whether
or not it had been the policy of the Government
and the practice of the Secretary of the Navy to
buy this hemp in open market?
Mr. HARRIS replied, that it was the practice of
the Secretary to buy in open market, until us op-
eration became intolerable. Under that system
the article was puichased of the friends of the
Secretary—of peis and hangers-on, those who
came and curried favor here—instead of leaving
the market open to fair, honorable competition, as
it was with reference to every other article; and
hence arose the necessity for the change of the law
which took place in J848.
The gentleman said, that under the contract sys-
tem, the farmers could not take the contracts. He
(Mr. H.) wished to know if the gentleman pro-
posed to send the Government agents about to buy
the crop of every farmer who raised two, three, or
five tons? This would be utterly impracticable.
There would be hemp-dealers who would buy the
hemp in small quantities of the farmer, as ihey
bought his beef, pork, &c.; and these dealers.
would furnish the hemp to the Government,
whether under contract or in open market. And
i%was now proposed to alter the existing law,
which threw the market open to fair and honora-
ble competition, and give to favorites the supply-
ing of hemp, on such terms as the Secretary might
choose to give. He wanted to kri#w if the House
was prepared to sanction a principle so utterly in
conflict with all good policy? He had confidence
that it would not receive the.favor of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HALL withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Stanton—
Mr. ALLEN moved to amend the amendment
of Mr. Stan-ion by striking out of the proviso
the words " for the last five years,'* and inserting
the words "at the time of purchase," so as to
make it read, " that the price of the American
hemp shall not exceed the average price of the for-
eign article at the time of purchase."
Mr. A. opposed the proposition, on the ground
that it carried the high protective principle into
effect on one article of domestic produce, while
other articles of domestic industry were left with-
out equal benefit. The Secretary of the Navy is
to prefer domestic hemp whenever it can be pur-
chased on as good terms as the price that the for-
eign article has borne within five years past. What
has been the price of the foreign article ? It has
ranged as high as double the price of the domestic
hemp. The Secretary, therefore, might be com-
pelled to prefer the domestic article even at a price
a little less than double its present market value.
The amendment goes back in us operation, so as
to cover the period when the foreign hemp was at
this high rate. It would, therefore, have the effect
of getting a species of high protection to the do-
mestic hemp. He was opposed to this mode of
granting high protection to one article, while others
equally entitled were not included in the same
privilege. Let hemp be placed on the same foot-
ing with the cotton fabrics of the East, and the
iron of Pennsylvania, so as to make the system
operate fairly and equally on all. He was opposed
to any attempt to introduce a partial and unequal
protection through the medium of an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. The constituents of the
honorable member from Massachusetts will re-
ceive his proposition with quite as much astonish-
ment as it produces here. The people of Massa-
chusetts do not merely ask encouragement to do-
mestic industry, but their accepted doctrine has
been " protection to labor." How will they be
surprised to learn that a Representative from their
midst deliberately proposes to adopt, asa regulation
appied to the staple of hemp, the free-trade doc-
trine that Government should buy where itcan buy
cheapest, and sell whereitcan selldearest. Thegen-
tleman seems not to be willing to regulate prices by
the average of the best foreign article, through a
seies of years past; but desires to base that regulation
upon the actual price of the foreign article through
years to come, and therefore, of course, upon the
price of the labor of Russia and Italy. What
makes up the price of the foreign article? The
price of production and the demand for it in mar-
ket. When the foreign want is satisfied, exporta-
tion commences. The surplus comes to our market
ready for sale, often at a price our growers cannot
stand, and subject to constant fluctuations, with j
which our people should have no concern. But this i
amendment does not suit the gentleman, because j
Massachusetts yarns and cloths and Pennsylvania
iron are not embraced. He proposes to construct j
an omnibus, in which the great interests he in part ]
represents shall have a safe passage through the j
halls of legislation. He seems to have grown dis- ;
trustful, and complains of a tariff, unless he has :
a present share in Us provisions. Mr. Chairman,
the amendment has no feature of the tariff. The i
law now requnes the Secretary to advertise, and j
that he may make contracts for five years, pro- j
vided the price equals the average price of the best I
foreign article for five years prior to the passage of |!
the resolutions. This regulation has been only so jj
far modified as to bring the average to that of'the I!
foreign for five years now just passed, and the ij
material addition of taking the open market, in- jj
stead of allowing the speculator to intervene the Ij
Government and the grower. We do ask the I
Government to prefer ourartiele at the fixed price, ||
and I submit that when the House considers the
inducements heretofore held out to our farmers to
invest in machinery preparatory to the business of
water rotting-hemp, and the fact that under thecon-
tract system they have been compelled to keep
their crops on hand, there should be no hesitation
in passing this proposition, and in overruling that
of^the gentleman from Massachusetts.
'£he question was stated to be on agreeing to the
amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was again
read.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Corwin and
Durkee were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 57, noes 78.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Corwin and
Robinson were appointed.
Mr. CLEVELAND called for the reading of
the amendment, and it was again read.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 76, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, offered the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the twenty-
fifth line:
" Provided, further, That the Secretary of the Navy shall
substitute cotton (in the whole or part) in lieu of hemp,
when he may think it to the best interest of the Govern-
ment."
Mr. C. said, he was desirous to deal fairly with
all interests. If the Secretary of the Navy, in the
exercise of his discretion, should at any time de-
sire to substitute cotton for hemp, let him do so.
He for one, was willing that the experiment should
be made. Did time permit him now logo into the
subject, he could demonstrate that in many in-
stances in which hemp is now used, cotton might
be advantageously substituted. At present, how-
ever, he merely desired to throw the idea before
the country, in order that it might bethought of.
If it should be approved by public opinion, it
could hereafter be taken up in a more serious man-
ner.
Mr. BAYLY. I simply wish to remark that
the amendment is entirely unnecessary. The Sec-
retary of the Navy does now possess^the authority
contemplated by it. " *
T*he question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Cobb was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK moved* to amend the bill by
inserting therein the following:
" Provided, That in addition to the usual duties pei formed
by the inspecting or receiving officers or agents at the points
where c> a) may hereafter be delivered under contracts with
the Government lor the use ot the navy, the Secretary of
the Navy shall have authority to appoint inspectors of coal
to examine the quality thereof at the mines where produced,
or at the shipping port nearest the place of production, in
oider to determine, in each case, whethei the quality of
such co.ii is in conlonnity with the contract, and pioper to!
be forwarded j and for meeting the expenses of fcuch in-
spection a sum notexceednig one thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated."
Mr. SCHENCK briefly explained the object of
the amendment, and the evil which it proposed to
remedy. He could scarcely be heard on the left
of the Chair, but he was understood to point out
the inconveniences and losses arising from the in-
ferior quality of the coal which might be delivered.
The purchase was mede by samples, and the
article when delivered was often unequal to the
sample. The place,pf delivery might be abroad—
in the Pacific, or elsewhere; and the vessels weie
compelled either to take what was furnished, how-
ever inferior theaiticle might be, or be left with-
out coal. The object of the amendment was to
secure an inspection, in advance, either at the
mines or at the nearest shipping ports.
Mr. STRONG said he would undertake to as-
sert, that if the Government were to send the most
intelligent man in the country to any anthracite coal
mine, it would be found that it would not be in his
power to make such an inspection as would be of
any value whatsoever. When the Government
entered into a contract for the purchase of c%al
they purchased it by sample—the sample repre-
senting the average quality of coal taken from a.
particular mine. Those who were acquainted with
the mining operations in anthracite coal mines,
