1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 21.
ment, by obstructing the harbor of Gibraltar, was
not occasioned by the carelessness of our own offi-
cers. He did not mean to be understood as stating
that such was the fact. He believed that the Brit-
ish Government was satisfied that we intend to re-
move this wreck. He did not know whether or not
our Govern ment had given any pledge to that effect.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson]
mistaken as to the character of the amend-
ment. He did not propose to pay this appropria-
tion in advance. The amendment did not even
bind the Secretary of the Navy to take either the
plan of Mr. Taylor or the plan of Mr. Butter-
worth. Some time ago, the Secretary of the Navy
(Mr. Mason) sent Mr. Taylor to Gibraltar for the
purpose of ascertaining whether the Missouri
could be raised. The expense of this trip was
about two or three thousand dollars. On his re-
turn, Mr. Taylor reported a plan for the raising of
the frigate, which had been submitted to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and had received his approval,
as well as the approval of the bureau. He believed
Mr. Butterworth had never been at Gibraltar, and,
of course, had never seen the wreck.
Mr. HOWARD. He had been there, and had
seen the wreck.
Mr. STANTON, (resuming,) admitted that it
might be so. The Secretary of the Navy would
make no contract until lie had seen a plan. He
referred to an instance in which a contractor with
the Government had obtained all that was of any
value, and then abandoned his contract. The Sec-
retary was not bound to accept any particular
plan. He could adopt stich as, after examination,
he may consider the best.
Mr. JONES said he was opposed to this amend-
ment, and to all the other ®iendments to the
amendment. He was opposed to the appropria-
tion of any money for this object. He did not un-
derstand that it was with a view to the removal of
the obstruction from the harbor of Gibraltar that
this appropriation was desired. He believed that
the object of Secretary Mason was to recover the
property lost in the Missouri, and he had no idea
that we can ever succeed in recovering enough to
pay the expenses of the raising of the wreck. He
looked on the whole business in the light of a spec-
ulation, It was a job suggested by some one who
is in want of a contract.
Mr. STANTON, as far as he could be heard,
stated that the contract had been under the exam-
ination of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES resumed. He had no doubt that
the contractor had satisfied the committee and the
Secretary of his ability to execute the work. Some
reference had been made to the obligations im-
posed on our Government by the international law.
Now he did not profess to be very well read in in-
ternational law. But he would call on the gen-
tleman from Virginia, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to give us his opinion
whether, by that law, we are under any obligation
to remove wrecks of our vessels, which, by una-
voidable misfortune, have been cast where they
obstructed a foreign harbor? Such a doctrine, he
thought, would be a very strange doctrine. There
was no one who could suppose that we shall ever
raise property to the value of $80,000. And if no
one entertained this opinion, the only object of the
amendment must be to give a profitable contract
to some person who was in want of a job.
The question was then taken on the amendment
moved by Mr. Stanton to the amendment, and it
was decided in the negative.
Mr. CARTTER moved to amend the amend-
ment by substituting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
"That the Secretary of the Navy detail a sufficient force
from the navy for raising the wreck of the Missouri."
He regarded this whole matter of the loss of the
frigate Missouri as a beautiful commentary on the
efficiency of our navy. The officers of the Mis-
souri went on shore, and the crew burnt the ves-
sel. And now there was one gentleman who had
cotne before us with a proposition to raise the
wreck of the frigate for $45,000, and another with
an offer to do it for $70,000. And we are gravely
discussing thesfc offers, and considering which of
them we shall accept, while we have numbers of
idie navy officers, who are in want of something
to employ them. And what service could reflect
more credit on the officers of the navy, than to set
them at work to dig out their own rums? Was it
possible that, with the heavy force of men and
means giyen by the appropriation bill to our navy
for the present year, and with so many officers
who want employment somewhere, we cannot find
energy and industry enough in the service to dig
up the ruins they have made, not by fighting, but
by frolicking with the enemy ? We have got
plenty of ships, plenty of men, high scientific
skill enough on hand, yet we are seriously dis-
cussing who shall be employed in raising this
frigate.
Mr. BAYLY said, if we send our navy to Gib-
raltar, and our officers are of the character given
them by the.gentleman from Ohio, how much
would the experiment cost the Government?
Mr. CARTTER replied, that it might cost as
much as the trip of their predecessors cost. Their
predecessois sunk one frigate, they would sink the
balance.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, made a
few remarks in opposition to the amendment. He
was of opinion that our Government was not
bound by any principle of international law, nor
by any usage of courtesy between nations, to
raise this wreck. He regretted that such an idea
should have been started here. We are not re-
sponsible, under any code, for disasters attributable
only to the act of God. He entreated the commit-
tee to cease discussing these amendments. There
was little probability of getting through the mass of
business before us, if we lose time in this way.
The amendment to the amendment was th'en re-
jected.
Mr. SACKETT moved to amend by striking
out a portion thereof, which was not audible to
the Reporter.
He was altogether opposed (he said) to making
any contract on the subject. He would leave it
open to the Secretary to act according to his own
discretion. He was opposed to a contract. How
could the House make a contract, when it is with-
out any information relating to the subject? Here
was a proposition to give a contract to an indi-
vidual, arid we are in utter ignorance concerning
the subject on which we propose t!> make a con-
tract. We have a Secretary of the Navy, and
also a board of officers: let the matter be left in
their hands, to be disposed of as their discretion
may think best.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, begged to in-
form the gentleman from New York, that the
Government was not ignorant of the facts. They
were in possession of the means of forming a cor-
rect judgment.
Mr. SACKETT said, that the Government
might he possessed of the requisite information,
but the House was not. He desired that the sub-
ject might be left in the hands of the proper officers.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question was then taken on the substitute
of Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, and it was neg-
atived.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
amend the amendment by adding thereto the fol-
lowing proviso:
" Provided, That no part of this sum shall be paid over to
the contractor till the work is delivered to the agent of the
United States: Jl d provided. That no laiger sum than
$70,000 shall be paid for the dcliveiy of the same."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. White, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, moved to insert in the bill the following
item:
" For meteorological observations, to be conducted under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, ^-3,000."
He stated that this item had been omitted acci-
dentally when the bill was reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. He hoped that no
further explanation would be necessary.
Mr. JONES said he wished that the item should
be made to express what was really intended by
it. The appropriation, as is well known, is to
pay a salary to Mr. Espy for making and regula-
ting storms.
Mr. BAYLY replied, that this appropriation
had nothing to do with storms. Mr. Espy had
been for some time engaged in some very interest-
ing experiments of a scientific character. Every
one who had been acquainted with his efforts could
bear testimony to his high reputation as a man of
science. The gentleman from Tennessee may
rest assured that this appropriation has nothing to
do with storms.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the amendment
by striking out* the words " meteorological obser-
vations," and inserting " for the salary of Mr.
Espy, the storm king."
Mf. EVANS, of Maryland, made a -few re-
marks, which were not distinctly heard, in praise
of the scientific acquirements of Mr. Espy; stating
that his labors during the last two years in the
science of meteorology had been productive of
discoveries of the highest importance to the world,
and had obtained for him everywhere a very high
and well-merited reputation.
■The question was then taken on the amendment
submitted by Mr. .Tones to the amendment of Mr.
Bayly, and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out $2,000, and insert-
ing $2,500.
He made this motion for the purpose of saying
a single word. He desired to express his hope
that his friends on that side of the House would
not vote against this appropriation. It was for an
object of the greatest importance. The results of
the experiments for which it is required are only
at preseflt in the process of development, but will
soon be disclosed to the woild. He was deeply
impressed with the importance of the subject, and
the necessity for the appropriation. It involves a
very small amount, and that ought to be granted
without hesitation. Although his colleague and
some of his friends had usually resisted these ap-
propriations for scientific purposes, they had gen-
erally been granted, and he hoped this would not
be withheld.
Mf. STANTON wished to withdraw his amend-
ment,"but an objection was made, which was not
heard by the Chair until he had decided that the
amendment was withdrawn. Prom this decision
of the Chair an appeal was made by Mr. JONES,
and tellers were demanded. The question was
then taken on the decision of the Chair, and it was
sustained—ayes 78, noes 44.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Bayly, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to in-
crease the sum appropriated for the purchase of
books, maps, and charts for the hydrographical
office, from $3,125 to a sum not heard by the Re-
porter.
Mr. S. stated that he did not mean to say any-
thing on the subject in addition to what he had
said during the discussion which had already taken
place on the subject of the Observatory. But to
fill up the five minutes allowed to him, he would
send to the Clerk a letter which he desired to have
read for the information of the committee.
The letter was read.
Mr. JONES said that the estimates for this es-
tablishment had been submitted at an early period
of the session, amounting to §52,351. Upon an
examination of these estimates, however, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had reduced the
amount to §35,135. For the first item, being for
the purchase and repair of instruments, the com-
mittee had reported an appropriation of the same
amount as was estimated; for the next item the
I committee reduced about one-half, and so on,
making a reduction in the whole amount of about
' §17,000, and leaving the amount appropriated
| something over §35,000. This the committee
| considered would be ample for all the necessary <
; purposes connected with this Observatory. 11
j The question was taken on the amendment and
• it was not agreed to.
I Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to in-
I crease the sum appropriated for backing and
i binding the books, maps, and charts, for the hy-
drographical office, and for printing and publishing
hydrographical surveys and astronomical obser-
vations, from $4,600 to jj9,200; which amendment
was negatived.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to
amend the item appropriating §7,500 for copying
extracts from old sea journals for the wind and
current charts, and for continuing the engraving
and publication of the same, including cost of
copper, stones, chemicals, paper, &c., in the Na-
tional Observatory, by increasing the sum to
$15,000; which amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY moved to insert after the word
" nfechmery," in the 5Sth line, the words " with
the patent-right to use the same." t
The amendment was agreed to.
