BIO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
census, with statistical and other information.
That Bo*d, in pursuance of that act, have con-
tracted for, and have actually printed, seven hun-
dred reams of schedules. [Here Mr. T. read the
act of 1849.] These schedules the committee of
the Senate entirely disregarded as to order as well
as to some of the inquiries. The committee prefer
reinstating, or rather adopting, with slight altera-
tions, the blanks of the census board, prepared and
printed in pursuance of the act just named. I will
here take the opportunity of saying, that for the
objects intended, I think nothing could surpass, in
conciseness and fullness of the schedules they have
presented. They ascertain the information direct-
ed to be obtained by the act named, in a condensed
and satisfactory form, with a sufficient minutia
for any purpose whatever. If it be the intention
of Congress to take statistical information, no
alteration could beneficially be made.
The first schedule we report is the same as that
of the Senate committee; this relates to the free
inhabitants, with a column of deaf, dumb, insane,
idiotic, or pauper. The only remaik I will make
as to this schedule is, that it is now important, as
the basis of legislation, that this last class of per-
sons should be ascertained. It is said and be-
lieved, that Europe is pouring out upon our shores
the paupers that would be, and should be, a charge
upon themselves; that they are disposed to make
ourcountry the receptacle of their paupers—a great
almshouse for their benefit. Legislation has been
solicited to prevent this, and a bill is already on
our files for the purpose. By this schedule the
birth-place of every person is given, and by this
means it will be settled from whence they came.
This schedule proposes to take the names of every
person, as in Prance 
A Member. This could not be done in years.
Mr. T. I beg the honorable gentleman to re-
flect that all our census schedules heretofore, re-
quired the age and sex of the population, and I
would like to know what additional time it will
take to write the name of the person inquired for?
If he reflects, it will not take a moment longer.
The second schedule regards the slave popula-
tion. In this one, the Judiciary Committee differ
but little from the Senate committee. The age,
seft, and color, and whether deaf, dumb, insane, or
idiotic, and have added two columns in regard to
"fugitives from the State," and "the number
manumitted." Should it be the pleasure ^if the
House to retain it, a further amendment, by con-
fining the inquiry to the last year, must be made.
The names of the slave owners are to be given,
and it will not only show who owns slaves in the
South, but also may show some owners in Con-
necticut, some, perhaps, in Massachusetts, some
in New York, arid some, but very few, in Penn-
sylvania, as she was the first to abolish slavery, I
believe, in the Union.
The third schedule, " Products of Agriculture,"
the committee reports the schedule of the census
boatd. The changes of the Senate, it seemed to
the committee, were not for the better. They had
" pounds of cotton," and this schedule has " bales
of fourhundred pounds each;" they had " pounds
of silk," the schedule we adopt has " pounds of
cocoons," and the silk is found in the next sched-
ule amongst the "products of industry." The
cocoons is an agricultural product, and the silk a
manufacture. So pounds of" cane sugar" is in-
serted in place of " hogsheads of one thousand
pounds each." The " return of butter and cheese
sold1' is introduced by the Senate; we recommend
that it be " butter and cheese produced," if it be
desirable to ascertain the amount made. The
Judiciary Committee have two columns for short
crops. It will be seen that this schedule is easily
filled up—the inquiries easily made. On the same
subject and " manufactures," the census bill of
1840 propounded two hundred and fifteen inter-
rogatories, while the present bill accomplishes the
same in sixty-four interrogatories.
The fourth schedule, "Products of Industry,'"
is the same with that of the Senate and census i | lion of miles in extent.
much time to take them, and the expense will be
small; and when taken will exhibit the state of
the country in regard to religion, education, and its
aggregate wealth. In this no change occurs as to
the work of the Board, but materially changes the
schedule of the Senate, as will be seen on com-
parison, and will exhibit, I think, the decided j
advantage the one now recommended has oyer it. ]
In the Senate schedule the "deaf, dumb, blind,"
&c., is inserted in this schedule, although the same
thing is in the first schedule.
Schedule six, which I shall designate as the
schedule of " mortality," will show the number of
deaths, with the residence,name, age, place of birth,
occupation, and disease producing death. This is
the same as the Senate and the Board. A gentle-
man near me objects to this on account of the ex-
pense. What will it be ?—two cents for each per-
son !—two hundred thousand would only amount
to §4,000, and the information is important in a
national point of view, and unusually so to the
people of the country. Why, sir, it will contrast
the health of the sections of country, and the effect
of pursuits on health. It may immediately or
temotely affect the prices of public lands, and cer-
tainly the military and naval stations. It is im-
portant. These, sir, are some of the differences
between the Senate Committee and that of the
House. By adopting the report we now offer, its
accordance with .the work of the CensusBoard will
save all the blanks already printed, being, as I
have remarked, about seven hundred reams.
The committee have made some other important
alterations in the bill. They have preserved the
Senate bill whenever it suited the machinery of
the bill they propose; and wherever we propose to
strike out, the matter is included in brackets, and
where we insert, it is in italics, as the printed bill
will show.
We have reported an amendment to the mode
of compensating the assistant marshals. The
Senate bill proposes to pay the assistant two cents
per person enumerated, and ten cents per mile
for travel. This to be ascertained by multiplying
the square root of the number of dwelling-houses,
by the square root of the number of square miles
in each assistant's district. I am not disposed to
say that this might not ascertain pretty exactly
the mileage, but it is very objectionable, I think.
It would, in the first place, give mileage in cities,
which we think not necessary, if the compen-
sation of §2 per hundred is allowed. Again, al-
though a very ordinary arithmetician could tell the
square root of simple numbers, as 2=4;=4=16;
5=25;=6=36, and so on to 100, yet it becomes a
difficult calculation as the figures of the squares
increase. It seemed to the committee unneces-
sary; and I must say for myself, without the
slightest disrespect to the inventor of this mode,
that it looks a little pedantic.
We prefer to strike this out and allow $1 25
per 100 in cities above 5,000 inhabitants, jjl 75
where the population exceeds 75 to the square mile;
when less than that number and over 50 inhabit-
ants, §2 25; less than 50 and over 25, $2 50; less
than 25 and more than 10, $3 50; less than ten and
more than 5, $4 50; and under 5 to be allowed a
fair compensation. For each agricultural estab-
lishment to be allowed 10 cents; each manufac-
turing establishment 15 cents. I must hasten on,
however. The inquiry suggests itself, how much
will all this cost? The Secretary of the Treasury
estimates it to cost, exclusive of the appropriation
of $10,000 heretofore made, the sum of $1,116,000.
This, sir, is a large sum, but does not equal the
increase of population and territory over that of
the last census. The whole cost of the ceqsus of
1840 was something over §900,000. I believe the
estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury abun-
I dantly large for the purposes of the act. That the
I expenses are larger now than then, may be account-
I ed for from the fact that we have annexed Texas,
| acquired Oregon, California, and New Mexico—
an empire in extent—being an addition of a mil-
board.
Schedule five relates to social statistics. This
will ascertain the aggregate value of real and per-
sonal estate and the amount of taxes assessed
annually. This information will be obtained at
the public offices of the counties and parishes.
Schools, churches, newspapers, and libraries, are
also taken; and as but few in comparison with
the number of inhabitants exist, it will not occupy
By far the largest portion of this sum will be
I expended in taking the enumeration of the people,
j I have made a calculation of the cost of statistics
! under this bill, and increased the number of agri-
culturists and manufacturers in my calculation in
proportion to the supposed incrsase of population
over the last census, and I think they will not add
to the enumeration of population an expense of
! more than the sum of $107,000. The Secretary
of the Treasury estimates it at |150,000. This is
a small additional expense when compared with
the cost of enumeration.
I am quite aware, sir, that a difference of opin-
ion will exist as to taking these statistics—as to
the power as well as the expense of taking them.
It will be asked, for what purposes are they to be
taken, if taken at all? I might answer such an
inquiry by asking whether every interest of the
country is not more or less affected by the gen-
eral policy of the Government? Is it not import-
ant, therefore, to know as nearly as possible the
interests of the whole country, when it becomes the
duty of the General Government to make treaties
with foreign powers, or tariffs for the collection of
revenue? The great increase of one agricultural
product alone has produced vast changes m the
policy of the Government within the last fifty
years, and maj| perhaps produce greater still—I
refer to the increase of the growth of cotton. Is
it not important to know exactly its extent ? I
might ask if the superabundant production of
breadstuffs of this country has not wrought a
great change in our commercial policy withm the
last three or four years ? No one present at the
passage of the last tariff act can deny it. The
tobacco trade also has occupied not only the at-
tention of the statesman, but the diplomatist, re-
cently to a great extent. If my memory serves
me right, the great desideratum in the Z<jl Yerein
treaty was the introduction of this agricultural
product on more favorable terms than formerly.
If important enough to occupy the attention of
the Government and its agents, should we not
know its extent and amount? How many anx-
ious hours have not the best of our statesmen
bestowed upon the iron interests of our country ?
And for what prosperity it has ever had, the coun-
try is indebted to its friends here. Sir, we should
know its extent and condition. The information
may teach us that we have legislated without suf-
ficient regard to its preservation and the interests
of the country. I think and hope that this census
may convince my friend, (Mr. Bayly,) the chair-
man of the Ways and Means, that something is
due to the iron interest more than it has received at
our hands. If it shows the contrary, we will
not ask it. But let us know its extent and con-
dition. Manufacturers: This is a word I have
heard uttered here as indicating something to
be avoided. Well, sir, they may have too
much profit, or they may have too little. I
advance no opinion on that subject, nor will this
bill ascertain that; but it is important we should
know their extent, amount of products, aad capi-
tal. Where large interests may be affected, di-
rectly affected by legislation, we want all the light
that can be had, and these statistics will afford the
means of approximating truth for the next ten
years. Sir, if these are interests that we may
affect by legislation, then there can be no doubt, I
think, that as incident thereto, we can call for and
collect information in regard to them. 1 think
no constitutional difficulty interposes itself. Until
these interests cease to have vitality in the legisla-
tive mind, their situation is important.
But, sir, in another aspect these statistics may be
important to correct legislation, now or at some
future day. In the upheavings and revolutions in
the world, it may become necessary that we shall
have to rely on direct taxation to support Govern-
ment. This has occurred three times in fifty-two
years—in 1798, 1813, and 1815. To equalize
such taxation, you must know the relative wealth,
productiveness, and industry of the several sections
of the country. I hope this may not soon occur.
But changes are constantly going on; we can
hardly anticipate in regard to nations, as we can-
not in relation to individuals, what to-morrow may
bring forth. And, sir, changes in the science
of government may be expected, as well as in
mechanics; we must be prepared for proposed
changes, and be ready to receive or reject them.
This only can be the case when we fully under-
stand our interests. I should not have adverted to
this subject so fully, had I not been aware thatob-
jections such as I am endeavoring to combat, were
the predicate, upon which my excellent friend and
able colleague on the committee [Mr. Miller]
proposes to offer his substitute, to restrict the cen-
sus to the enumeration of the people alone. This,
if successful, 1 think would he unfoitunate, and
not justified on the grounds on which he will prob-
ably seek to place it.
