1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
sii
distinct and separate objects. Now, suppose this
mass of information be accurately obtained, to
what use could Congress apply it? Fie did not
intend to say that such information might not be
useful and valuable to the community; "but many
other matters might be equally useful, over
which Congress, on this ground, "has no control.
Common schools and general education were high-
ly useful, and almost invaluable; and yet Con-
gress has no power to take jurisdiction over these
subjects; they are reserved to the States. His
position on this subject was this, that the action
of the General Government, which was limited in
its powers, ought to be confined to such objects
as were set forth in the Constitution. All powers
necessary to carry into effect those that were ex-
pressly granted also followed. If it were neces-
sary to get information to execute properly and
easily one of the specific objects a^lhe Govern-
ment, the information ought to be ^Stained.
But under this idea of procuring information,
he held it to be clear that no information could
be got which, after being obtained, could not be
used in any proper or constitutional way by the
General Government.
Mr. S. said, m conclusion, that he did not intend
to ergue this question further. He barely rose, as
he said, to enter his protest against the whole ofthe
bill except so far as it provided for the enumeration
of the population of the United States, according to
the provisions of the Constitution. All the Consti-
tution authorized was, an enumeration of the in-
habitants, and that was all he should vote for.
Mr. McLANE said he had listened with some
attention to the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
S-ih-i'iiLNs,] and he quite agreed with the gentle-
man in his objections to the bill, so far as it au-
thorized the marshals to enter into the domestic
loss of the people—to inquire and report as to the
diseases of their children. So far as these questions
looked to the domestic affairs of the people, they
might be regarded as impertinent and irrelevant
questions, and he would be very sorry to see them
finally enacted.
But he regretted to see the opposition to this bill
placed upon the ground that the census of the
United States was to be taken solely as the basis
of lepresenLUion. If the objeci of taking the cen-
sus were confined merely to fixing a ratio of rep-
resentation, he could quite agree with the gentle-
man from Georgia and the gentleman from Ohio
that the powers of Congress would be confined to
a simple enumeration of the inhabitants of the
United States. But the Constitution provided in
express terms that the capitation tax—the direct
tax upon property—should be laid in proportion
to the census as '* herein before directed to be
taken." Now, the gentleman from Georgia could
not suppose that the Congress of the United States
would be obliged to take a census every time they
meant to lay a direct tax. Surely in the interim,
between the regular periods of taking the census,
the gentleman could not conclude that Congress
must be delayed until they could take a census all
over the United States before they could levy a
direct tax. Nor could the honorable gentleman
require the Federal Government to go down to
any State authorities, to invoke their assistance,
and appeal to their statistics, their appraisements.
To be sure Congtess had to do that during the
war with Great Britain,'and we all know how in-
efficient that mode of collecting direct taxes had
proved. He submitted to his friend from Georgia
that the true issue for them to make on this bill
was, that it go no further than to embrace the
fullest possible reports of the property of the coun-
try concerning every branch of trade and industry,
everything that contributed to the property, that •
constituted the wealth of the nation—all that we
should have; for that Congress should not depend >
upon the States; for that the General Government
should have its own appraisement. For one, he
very much regretted that the time was so limited ;
as not to aliow of perfecting the bill. He quite ]
agreed with the gentleman from Ohio that this cen- ;
sus would be a very imperfect appraisement. He !
trusted it would be more perfect than that of 3840. ;
That was bad, detestably bad. That census was ;
*full of falsehoods; as far as regarded the southern ;
and western States it was little better than guesses, '
than rough estimates. But that was an aigument !
why we should take care that our present census i
should be a fair, a just appraisement of the pro- I
ductions and property of the country. [
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania (interpos-
ing, and the floor being yielded) said, thafin Eng-
land they took the whole census with very minute
statistics—all in one day, and that here this bill
provided that no assistant marshal should have
more than twenty thousand inhabitants, and as
much less as the marshal should see fit to give
him with a view to make it complete within the
time. The assistant marshals might have dis-
tricts comprising three thousand, six thousand,
ten thousand, or twenty thousand inhabitants.
Mr. McLANE (resuming) said he would not
further prolong his remarks than to read the ar-
ticle of the Constitution on this subject, to which
he wished to call the attention of the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Thompson, of
Pennsylvania,] and of gentlemen present. It was
as follows:
"No capitation or other direct tax shall be laid, unless
in proportion to the census or enumeration hereinbefore
dnected to be taken."
Now he submitted that if this were a provis-
ion authorizing a capitation tax alone, then the
argument would be good that the powers of Con-
gress, under the former clause of the Constitution
providing for an enumeration, should be confined
to an enumeration of the people. But inasmuch
as this clause provided for a direct tax, to be laid
upon the property according to the census " here-
inbefore directed to be taken," it must be suffi-
ciently full, it must be such a census, such an
enumeration as would enable Congiess not only
to fix the quota of the different States according to
their nurnbeis, but it should go further, and pro-
vide an assessment, an appraisement, upon which
the direct tax itself should be levied. To do so,
he submitted, was a constitutional exercise of,
power.
Mr. STEPHENS, (the floor being yielded.)
Taxation and representation are both based upon
the enumeration. The enumeration for taxation
was taken with a view of knowing how much
property there was, not the number of people.
The States were required to pay their quota ac-
cording to their population urespective of their
wealth. Different States ot equal population, but
very different wealth, would have by direct tax-
ation to raise the same amount of money.
Mr. McLANE (resuming) said that was strictly
true so far as the proportion of taxes winch was |
to be levied upon a State had relation to its repre
sentauon, but when the tax itself came to be
levied, an appraisement was necessary.
Mr. STEPHENS. By no means. There have
been several cases where diiect taxation has been
resorted to, arid in no one of them was there an
appraisement made of the property.
Mr. McLANE (resuming) said he ventured to
go one step beyond the point made by the gentle-
man from Georgia, and to maintain that after the
quantum had been fixed which each State should
pay, then the tax should be levied upon the prop-
erty ascertained by the federal assessment to exist.
He submitted to the gentleman ftom Georgia that
such an assessment might properly be provided
for in a census bill. He would agree that that
matter should be introduced into the census bill,
which had relation to other powers of Congress
than the taxing power and the power to appor-
tion representation, though it was by many con-
tended that these matters might be introduced into
this bill. He desired to confine this bill to matters
which referred directly and immediately to the
power to apportion representation, and to lay the
direct tax both upon property and upon individu-
als, as provided for m the Constitution.
Mr, HARALSON said that for his own inform- '
ation, he desired to make certain inquiries of the ■
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary. He !
concurred in very many of the lemaiks made by '
his colleague, [Mr. Stephens,] and he thought 1
very many of the points m this bill objectionable, !
especially that pioviding for inquiring into social :
relations, and collecting social statistics. Pie no- '
ticed that there were five questions to be answered i
in reference to the churches, viz: The number of
churches, the number of each of the different
denominations, the number of sittings, the number
of members, and the value of church property.
Now, it was very unnecessary for Congress to
attempt by Us census agents to collect this informs- j
tion. They could get it in a more authentic form,
more certainly and correctly from the different
denominations of Christians themselves, who
made their annual reports. From whom were the
deputy marshals to get" this information $s'to the
number of churches, the number of their rrietri-
beis, &c. ? Were they to inquire ofevery rriatf to"
what church he belonged? or should they hunt up
the pastors of the different churches? He re-
peated that it was impossible for the Government-,
under its Authority, to obtain the information in as
correct and authentic a form as that in which it
was furnished in the annual reports of the churches
themselves. But of what use to the Government
would the information be after it was obtained ? For
all governmental purposes, it would be of no use
whatever. It might satisfy the idle curiosity, or
the rational curiosity if they pleased, of a large
number of people, hut was it information which
was to be collected and paid for by the Govern-
ment of the United States? In all probability, the
information obtained would be incorrect, and of
less value than that furnished by the different
churches gratuitously. He objected especially to
this clause of the bill. He believed it to be en-
tirely unnecessary, and thought it should be
stricken out.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (Mr. H.
yielding for explanation,) said, a very slight com-
pensation was to be allowed for this information.
There were perhaps three or four churches in each
town, and it would be no trouble to report the
statistics concerning them. He was asked per-
haps the more important question, of what use
this information would be? His general answer
would be, that it was information. He would
further state to the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, that as republicans, we gloried in the fact
that religion flourished in our country unsnstained
by the law, as it was in the Old World. Its basts
was the voluntary contributions of the people. It
rested upon this rock. The information was worth
something.
Another point. The gentleman would allow
him to say that the number of churches might
fairly be presumed to have some influence upon
the education and wealth of the people. The bill
put all the social statistics together, relative to
schools, colleges, churches, newspapers, &c.
Surely this was most important information.
Mr. HARALSON inquired how the marshals
would get the. information relative to the churches?
Mr. THOMPSON replied, of the church ses-
; sion, the warden, or minister himself, whoever
I had charge of the church.
Mr. HARALSON replied that it would be dif-
ficult to obtain the information, and when ob-
tained, it would be less accurate tftan that euppHed
by the annual reports of the churches. They had
better have no information at all than incorrect
information, which would but be sure to misguide
them in their action.
But there were other provisions of (he bill to
which he objected. He concurred with the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Miller] and with his
colleague, [Mr. Stephens,] that they were carry-
ing this thing altogether to an extieme, and were
making the census bill an omnium gatherum> a col-
lection of everything, and in many cases of incor-
rect information, which only tended to lead them
irvfco error and confusion. Pie objected to this bill
in all its parts, except in so far as it provided for
an enumeration of the inhabitants of the Umted
States, with a view to fixing their representation
upon it.
Mr. VINTON said that the Constitution re-
quired a census to be taken for particular pur-
poses, which were enumeiated in that instrument;
but he claimed that if theie were no such provision
in the Constitution, the Government would un-
doubtedly possess the power, not only of taking
an enumeration of the inhabitants of the United
States, but of collecting statistics relative to all the
interests of the country—its property, and its
social and moral condition. If no provision were
contained in the Constitution of the United States,
requiring a census to be taken, and the represent-
ation to be adjusted according to that census, he
held that the provisions of the Constitution, au-
thorizing Congress to declare war, to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations and among the several
States, and authoiizing the President and Senate
to make treaties with foreign nations, taken in
connection with that provision granting to the
Congress of the United States the power to
make all laws necessary and proper for carrying
these expressly delegated powers into execution,
