1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
duty, for he could not get the liquor. But since
•we have withheld his grog to prevent the possibil-
ity of his drinking, so we ought, in justice to the
morals of the officers, to do the same as to them.
1 am for feeding them with the same spoon that is
used for Jack. They ought to be kept ail sober
together. It would not sound well for us so to
legislate as to confine the luxury of liquor to epau-
lets and gilt buttons, and deny it to the blue jacket
and tarpaulin. It would be creating orders su«h
as the people will not tolerate. There can be no
propriety in sending the sailor aloft to handle
frozen ropes and reef sails covered with icicles,
to face the drifting snow and the fierce north
wind, and when he reaches the deck to go to his
pork and beans, to meet his officer coming from a
cabin dinner with pea-jacket buttoned up to his
chin, and his skin full of wine—should he inti-
mate that a drop or two would be comfortable, to
be informed by that same officer that Congress
takes better care of his morals, and gives him when
he comes to land five cents a day. He may, in-
deed, resolve to make up the luxury on land with
that same five cents kept safely for him by his
Government; but the officers, from the middie to
the captain, take wine and brandy daily, whilst he
can only look on and thank Congress fortakmg care
of his morals. It is all a humbug; and the best
way to cure humbugs is to prescribe and administer
a large dose of humbug. Sir, all this hyperphi-
ianthropy is of the same origin of some other spe-
cies of fanaticism which are rife amongst us. A
gentleman near me says that there is no spirit ration
to officers, but if they drink they buy it themselves.
True, but they receive a pay so much beyond the
sailors that they can affoid it. It is a poor busi-
ness to take away what the sailor esteems a com-
fort, and pay him five cents a day for the privation.
The bargain is all one-sided. He should at least
have the right of choice. The abolition of whip
ping is equally injudicious—equally a humbug
You must substitute some punishment, and the
only one left is confinement. The lazy and the
worthless sailor would not object to this, and in
the gale and the storm good and true sailors have
all the duty to perform. The bad ones are never
better pleased than when they have nothing to do—
imprisonment is to them an escape from work.
They will be as much pleased at this kind legisla-
tion in their behalf as the newly-arrived Irishman,
who, wending about the streets of New York, con-
gratulated himself on seeing the advertisement of
a lying-in hospital: " 'Tis the very thing for me,"
says he, u for I have been lying out for the last
three nights." Confinement is the very thing for
them, as they never intend to work if not com-
pelled to -do it.
Mr. MORSE rose to oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Vena-
ble ] Concurring with him, as he did, in the first
views which he had thrown out as to the impolicy
of stopping the grog of the sailors, he could not
agree with him in opinion, that one wrong could
be cured by another wrong, and that therefore we
ought also to cut off the wine of the officers.
He was opposed altogether to this mode of legis-
lation on matters which ought to be left untouched
by Congress, because-they could not be meddled
with so as to produce any beneficial insults. If the
changes now proposed were necessary for the good
of the navy, there should have been a resolution
in the first place, referring the subject to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. We ought then to have
had a report from that committee, which would
have formed a legitimate basis for legislation. He
thought the abolition of corporal punishment un-
wise, as he was of opinion that the good of the j
service required that the flogging system should be '
continued. It was necessary for the preservation
of discipline among the crew; and he did not re-
gard infliction of a few lashes on the back of a
brave sailor, who had been guilty of a departure
from the rules of the service, as any disgrace.
The abolition of the system would, m his
opinion, be productive of great evil. And he
thought the discominuance of the spirit ration
quite as subversive of discipline as the abolition of
flogging. If the sailors are thus to be exempted
onthe one hand from the punishment of a breach
of the rules of the service, and, on the other, to
be deprived of all stimulus to exertion, what is to
become of the vessel in a crisis of difficulty and
danger? Was the captain to call his sailors on deck
as a sort of town meeting, and consult with them
whether he ought take in sail in the fury of a
storm? He regarded all'these propositions as
mere humbug, to which he would never give hi«
sanction. There must be some mode of enforcing
discipline in the navy.
On motion by Mr. GREEN, the committee rose.
Mr. BOYD. With the hope that the business
that must be done at this session of Congress shall
be accomplished, i move that we resolve ourselves
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
(Jnion.
Mr. FOWLER rose, he said, to a privileged
question,and moved that when the House adjourns
it adjourn to meet at ten o'clock on Monday, and
that that be the hour of daily meeting thereafter
until otherwise ordered.
Mr. BAYLY objected to the reception of the
motion.
The SPEAKER stated to the gentleman from
Massachusetts that this was not a privileged ques-
tion, and could not be entertained except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ORR moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. ASHMUN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and by yeas 62, nays
82, the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CLEVELAND moved that when the House
adjourn, it adjourns to meet at ten o'clock on Mon-
day, and that that be the daily hour of meeting
thereafter.
The SPEAKER again stated that this was not
a privileged motion, and could not be received if
objected to.
Mr. BAYLY objected.
Mr. CLEVELAND moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to make the motion.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion to sus-
pend was not in order, as a motion to suspend
was already pending.
Mr. MORRIS moved a call of the House.
Pending these questions—
The House, on motion by Mr. Harris, of Ten-
nessee, adjourned.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. RRIGG3 : Petition from Wilson & Brothers, mer-
chants of St. Louis, asking a remission of duties on goods
destroyed by fiif on board of sttamer Marshal Ney, at the
dock in New Otleans.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, September 21, 1850.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, made 'in compliance vrith a resolution
of the Senate of the 6th instant, directing the
Secretary of the Treasury to examine and adjust
the accounts of John de Neufville and Son, and
report the result to the Senate, transmitting a re-
port of the Comptroller of the Treasury,
On motion by Mr. CHASE, ordered that the
document be referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
Robert Grignon, a half-breed of the tribe of Me-
nominee Indians, asking that the treaty of 1836
may be carried out as originally intended, and
that the sum of one thousand dollars may be paid
him for each year for twenty years, as contained
in the original treaty, but which had been stricken
out by the Senate when the treaty was ratified the
15'h of February, 3<537.
He observed that the brief period allowed be-
fore the close of the session would preclude the
possibility of any action at this time, and he
would therefore move that the bill be laid upon the
table, which was agreed to.
CAPTORS OF THE FRIGATE PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. ATCHISON also presented a memorial
from Joseph K. Boyd, one of the captors of the
frigate Philadelphia, asking the Senate to relieve
his anxiety by passing the bill for the relief of the
captors, or laying it on the taole, and in the event
O' its failure, to be permitted to withdraw all the
papers from the archives; which was laid on the
table.
VOLUNTEERS IN THE "WAR OF 1812.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a memorial very
numerously and respectably signed by citizens of
New York, volunteers in the war of 1812.
Mr. D. asked that the memorial hiight be read,
as it was at once brief and expressive.
The memorial was then read, and set forth
among other things that thirty-six years had
elapsed, within which period by far /he largest
proportion of those who survived the chances of
war, had passed from the scenes of life, many in
consequence of wounds or disease resulting from
the service in which they had been engaged, and
making the following appeal: The survivors who,
by the blessings of Providence, have been spared,
beg leave to lay their case before the Senate, as
well on their own behalf as for those who were
our comrades in arms, that the bill which has
already passed the House of Representatives may
receive the sanction of the Senate. The memorial
was laid on the table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted documents'in
the case of Polly Thomas, widow of a revolution-
ary soldier, asking a pension, which were referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, documents in relation to the claims of Sa-
rah Shatts, heir of John Walker and Mary Greer,
heir of James McKinney, to bounty lands for ser-
vices in the war of 1812; which were referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
SAFETY OF STEAM BOILERS.
~ _,Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of
several practical engineers of steamboats residing
in the city of Pittsburg, asking that the quantity
of steam carried in boilers may be limited by law
to one hundred pounds the square inch; and ex-
pressing their belief that the passage of such a law
is indispensable to the public safety, with not less
than the present strength of boilers, and that said
law should at least be made to apply to all boats
built after its enactment, and that it should be the
sworn duty of engineers not to violate the law.
After long years of experience they give ii as their
decided opinion that nothing short of such a law
will ever afford security against the explosion of
boilers on our rivers, and that it is needless to
think that any safety valve, safety guard, or any
self-acting^ontrivance whatever will prevent ex-
plosions from taking place while excessive steam
is permitted to be carried. The memorialists say
that nothing is more common with very high steam
than for the pressure to increase to a very great
extent immediately upon opening the safety valves,
or starting the engine, and that in some instances
the increased pressure had been known to rise full
sixty pounds per inch after the valve was lifted,
and whilst the steam was blowing off freely. The
memorial was laid on the table.
MODIFICATION OF THE TARIFF.
Mr. COOPER presented sixteen memorials from
citizens of different counties in the State of Penn-
sylvania, stating that the manufacture of iron was
in a very depressed condition. In many instances
the works were entirely stopped, while in others
they were running but a portion of the time,
which the memorialists believe to be in conse-
quence of the manner in which duties are laid on
foreign iron, and usk that the law may at once be
so modified as to prevent the enormous imports of
a foreign article which can be furnished by our
own citizens, taking an average of years, as cheap
as it can be imported; all of which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to authorize
the exchange of a lot on the military site at Fort
Hamilton, tot an equal quantity of ground adjoin-
ing said site, which was read a first and second
time by unanimous consent, and after having been
explained and advocated by Mr. Davis, the bill
was reported to the Senate and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time and passed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred Senate bill for the relief of the heirs and
representatives of Colonel AlexanderG. Morgan,
reported back the same with amendments.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the memoiial of
James J. Strang, J. Adams, and William Marks,
presidents of the Church of the Saints, (styling
themselves servants of the living God, the fellow-
servants of the martyred saints,) asking Congress
to pass a law giving the consent of the nation to
