1908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 21,
allow the saints to settle upon and forever occupy
all the uninhabited lands of the island in Lake
Michigan, and to cease to Bell the same to other
persons, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the same; which was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was leferred the memorial
* of the Legislature of Missouri, asking an exten-
sion of the southern boundary of Missouri, and the
extinguishment of the Indian title to certain lands,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same; which was agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of citizens of Arkansas,
asking the construction of a railroad to the Pacific
ocean, as having a tendency to prevent Indian in-
cursions along the line of said road, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
notice of bill.
Mr. G-W1N gave notice that he would ask leave
to introduce a bill to enable the claimants to lands
within the limits of the State of California, to es-
tablish proceedings in the United States courts to
try the validity of their claims.
He took occasion to say that there is a bill be-
fore the Senate for the settlement of California land
titles; but, judging from the feeling which was ex-
hibited here yesterday in reference to another Cal-
ifornia measure, I am very doubtful whether that
bill will pass. I now give noti- e that should that
bill not pass, I will ask leave to introduce another,
which I hope may be successful. It is of the
highest importance to the State of California, that
something sho,uld be done in respect to these land
titles during the present session. We have intel-
ligence this morning that there is already a civil
war in California about these land titles; and if
something is not done in regard to them this ses-
sion, I fear there will be much bloodshed before
next winter passes over.
hickby's edition op the constitution.
The following resolution submitted by Mr. Bad-
ger'on the 19th inst., was considered in Commit-
tee of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading:
"Resolved, That the Secretary be directum procure
frcrtn the proprietor for ttie use ot" the Senate, ten thousand
copies of Hickry's edition of the. Constitution, with an al-
phabetical analysis, Washington's Inaugural and Farewell
Addresses, and other important statistical matter illustrative
of the genius of the American Government, and the devel-
opment of its piincipjes : Provided, That they he furnished
at the same price as those last procured for the use of the
Senate."
clerk of the president pro tem.
The followingresolution,submitted by Mr. Bad-
ger on the 20th inst. was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed
to be read a third time: ,
" Resolved, That the clerk to the President pro tempore
be continued during the recess of Congress at-the samejier
diem compensation as heretotore allowed."
relief of widows and orphans.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers and seamen lost from the United
States brig Washington, the 8th September, 1846.
Mr. BRIGHT stated that he objected to the
consideration of the bill when it was first report-
ed; but on examination he was satisfied of its pro-
priety, and would, therefore, withdraw all oppo-
sition to the measure.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
subsequently read a third time and passed.
- california bills.
On motion by Mr. FREMONT, the California
bills were made the special order forTuesday next,
at twelve o'clock.
bill passed.
The engrossed joint resolution to amend a reso-
lution approved the 10th August, 1850, relative to
the payment of dividends on interest on war
bounty scrip, was read a third time and passed.
collection districts in california.
The bill to create collection districts in Califor-
nia, came up on its third reading.
Mr. GW1N moved to recommit the bill, with
instructions to strike out all that part making Beni-
cia a port of entry, and to make it a port of deliv-
ery.
Mr. DICKINSON moved that the motion to re-
commit lie on the table, with a view to proceed to
the consideration of the civil and diplomatic ap->.
propriation bill, which was agreed to.
reciprocal trade with canada.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill on the sub ject of reciprocity of trade with
Canada, and the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence, simply for the purpose of fixing some day
next week for its consideration.
Mr. EWING. That is a bill which will in-
volve much discussion, and take up more time
than we can possibly give to it at this session. I
know it cannot be passed, for'it involves many
very difficult questions which we have not time to
investigate.
Mr. PEARCE. There is another reason why
we should not take up that bill at this session.
There is in the possession of the Treasury De-
partment a vast mass of information bearing on
this subject. An agent was employed by the late
Secretary of the Treasury, who was engaged some-
thing like a year in making inquiries and collecting
statistics respecting the commerce and trade with
Canada, and indeed with all the British North
American provinces. That information is already
in possession of the Treasury Department, and the
rest will be furnished in the course of a week or
two. This is a great subject, and should not be
acted on without full information; for we cannot
act understandingly unless we have this informa-
tion, and we cannot get it before it is printed.
This cannot be done before the next session. We
can then take up the subject and act understand-
ingly with regard to it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This measure has been pend-
ing before this body for about two years. It has
been postponed from time to time on the- plea of
want of further information. And even now I
would be willing to postpone it for a little longer if
it were not a question of such great importance.
I know that the whole of our northern line is suf-
fering for want of some action on this question.
After a struggle of two years, without having a
test vote, 1 think it is time we should now have
one. I was in hopes that the Senate would fix a
day, so that we might at least have the bill read
before it is condemned.
Mr. EWING. In my opinion, this is a bill
fraught with the utmost mischief to all the interests
of the country. That is the opinion which I have
formed of it after such examination as I have been
able to give it. If I am mistaken in the probable
results of passing such a law, I should be very
willing to withdraw my objection and to vote for
the measure, but such is my opinion of it at the
present moment; and, considering the great impirt-
ance of the interests involved in the question, I
have no doubt it will draw forth an extended dis-
cussion, for which there certa'inly is no time
during the remainder of this session. I am
inclined to regard the navigation of the St. Law-
rence as of little or no value. It is not used by
the Canadians themselves, except to a very limited
extent.
Mr. DICKINSON. As the hour has arrived
for the special order of the day, I shall move to
lay the subject under consideration upon the table.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
up a bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I withdraw the proposition
for the present, but Ishall embrace the first oppor-
tunity of again ealling the attention of the Senate
to the subject.
civil and diplomatic appropriations.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole re-
sumed the consideration of the special order of the
day, being the bill malting appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30, 1851; the question
pending being on the following amendment, offered
by Mr. Underwood:
" For making hydrographies] and topographical surveys
to decide upon the piacticabihty and cost of improving the
navigation of the Ohio river, by a system of resorvmrs to
serve as feeders m periods of low water, aecordms ta the
plans proposed by Chuiles Ellet, jr., civil engineer, the sum
Of $20,000 : the money to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the surveys, with a!!
necessary observations, measurements, reconnaissances,
and estimates, to be made by a mixed commission of topo-
graphical and civil engineers, to be selected bvthe President
of the United States."
After a debate between Messrs. DICKINSON,
CLAY. BRIGHT, UNDERWOOD, BENTON,
DAVIS of Massachusetts, and DAVIS of Mis-
sissippi, (and which will be found in the Appen-
dix,) the yeas and nays were taken on the amend-
ment, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Bright, Chase,
Clarke, Clay, Clemens, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Ewjng, Felch, Foote, Fremont, Greene,
Hale, Houaton, Jones, Pearee, Sebastian, Seward, Smith,
Soul6, Spruance, Stureeon, Underwood, Wales, and Win-
throp—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Benton,
Butler, Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson, Gwin, Hunter, Man-
gum, Mason, Norris, Rusk, Walker, and Yulee—16.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 move to strike out in the
28th line " #39,557 50" and insert " $41,913 26"
in lieu thereof. This amendment is necessary by
reason of the additional clerical force which we
have given to the Secretary of the Senate, and is
estimated for by him.
The amendment was agreed to.
It now stands as follows, since the increase of
#2,355.76:
"For compensation of the officers and clerks of both
Houses of Congress $41.913 25."
Mr. DICKINSON. I now move to strike out
" $400," in the miscellaneous items for the office
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and insert
" $1,000." This is rendered necessary by a mis-
take of the Indian Department in making, or rather
copying, the estimate for the miscellaneous Indian
fund in the Indian Bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will next move to add at
the end of line 539, " for taking the census in the
Territory of Oregon, under the act of the 14th
August, 1848, $1,500." This is estimated for by
the Secretary of the Interior, and on examining
the law, is found to be neessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move to insert at the end
of line 590 the following:
" ]n compensation for the clerk of the district judge of
Florida, employed in keeping and making transcripts of the
records of the decisions of said judge in certainxmatters sub-
mitted to him by the Secretary of the Treasury, the com-
pensation for said service to be audited and alfowed by the
Secretary of the Treasury, $900."
The Treasury Department submitted several
questions to the consideration of the district jud^e
of Florida which required him to employ a clerk
to keep a record and make a transcript for the use
of the department. This appropriation is recom-
mended by the department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I am requested to move
an amendment to line 1034, to strike out that line
and down to line 1038 inclusive, and insert instead
thereof " at a price not exceeding sixty cents.5'
The words proposed to be stricken out are—
" Jhabided, The Clerk ot the House of Representatives
shall let the contract for binding to the lowest bidder, below
sixty cent* per volume, and that the work shall be com-
menced immediately after the printing is done, and con-
cluded as soon thereafter as possible,"
This relates to the binding: of the Congressional
Globes. I understand from the publisher, Mr.
Rives, that it is impossible the work can be done
for'less than sixty cents, and that to let it out to
the lowest bidder would be not to do the work at
all. He has no pecuniary interest in it himself.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. In line 1058 I move to
strike out the words u Commissioner of Patents,
and insert u Secretary of the interior."
The item now reads—
" For defraying the expense of the chemical analysis of
vegetable substances, produced and used for the food of
man and animals in the United St:u^5 to be expended un-
der the direction of the Commissioner ofPatents, $13000, to
be paid out of the patent fund."
There are certain moneys to be disbursed under
that department, and the committee have de-
termined to give it t© the head of the department,
and hold him responsible for the disbursement of
the money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I now move to amend the
item for rent of the House on the northwest
corner of F and I7th street, and warming all the
rooms in it, for each room §175, $21,875, by
striking out " $21,875" and substituting (i $16,-
362 507"
The bill appropriates $21,875 for the use of a
building at the corner of 17th and F streets, called
Winder's building. The committee have carefully
investigated into the number of rooms rented by
