1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Government, and have obtained an estimate
or communication from each of the departments
occupying the building on the subject. Colonel
Graham has two and a half rooms, at $175 each,
making $437 50; the Second Auditor has twenty-
three rooms, at $175 each, making #4,025; the
War Department has forty-two room3 coming to
$7,350; the pension office sixteen, coming to
§2,800; the Navy Department has ten rooms, cost-
ing $1,750. That makes in all ninety-three and a
half rooms, costing #16,362 50, which is the
amount recommended by the committee. The bill
appropriates §21,875, but upon what principle we
know not, unless it is for rent for the whole build-
ing. 1 bring it before the Senate by the direction
of the committee, as a public question. The com-
mittee have made diligent inquiry as to the number
of rooms occupied by the Government, and have
allowed for rent accordingly.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 am under the impression
that the chairman of the committee is mistaken in
this particular. I believe the Government does
not actually rent any more rooms than those which
he has specified, because under a law of a previous
session they are limited to that number; but I un-
derstand the fact to be that they occupy one hun-
dred and twenty-five large rooms, and that five
small rooms are thrown in, and if it be so, it seems
F roper that the Government should pay for them.
should like to be informed whether the chairman
of the committee is certain that the Government
does not occupy more than ninety-three and a half
rooms ?
Mr. DICKINSON. I recollect a justice of the
peace who decided that he would not permit a neg-
ative to be proved in his court. I cannot prove a
negative, but 1 can only say that from all the af-
firmative evidence we can get, it would seem that
the Government do not occupy more than ninety-
three and a half rooms, though there are one hun-
dred and thirty rooms in the house, twenty-six of
which are on the attic or upper story. I have been
there myself several times, and the clerk of the
committee has been to each of the departments,
and inquired how many rooms they occupy in the
building, and for what purpose they are occupied,
and this is the result of our examination and in-
formation. If this were a personal matter, I would
go for renting all this gentleman's rooms; but I
bring it, as a public question, before the Senate for
its action.
Mr. MASON. I desire, as doubtless all Sena-
tors do, that justice should be done in this matter.
I would ask, therefore, of the gentleman who is at
the head of the Committee on Finance, whether
this amount was originally inserted in the bill upon
estimates furnished by heads of departments?
Mr. DICKINSON. I cannot learn that it was.
I can find nothing about it in the annual estimates,
or in any special communication, and upon appli-
cation to the heads of departments, each one says
that he occupies so many rooms, at such a price,
and that is all he knows about it. I cannot find a
single pa per anywhere that recommends the amount
appropriated by the bill, and I have therefore
brought the matter before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I desire only to get at the facts,
and I would ask the honorable Senator whether
the information he has derived relative to the num-
ber of rooms oecupied by the departments respect-
ively, was information furnished by the heads of
departments, or whether we are to understand that
it is derived from the clerk of the committee, who
was sent to the building to make personal inquiry
as to the occupancy of the rooms?
Mr. DICKINSON. It was ascertained in most
cases from the heads of departments themselves.
I have not the smallest doubt that the information
is correct. If not, I shall be happy to be cor-
rected.
Mr. MASON. I have no information on the
subject, nor was I aware that any question of the
kind would be raised. I observed in the bill a cer-
tain sum of money to be paid to this gentleman for
the rent of these rooms, and took it for granted,as
it came from the other branch of Congress, to
which more appropriately belongs the duty of
looking into the expenditure of the public money,
that it was formed on estimates from the depart-
ments, unless there has been another estimate re-
ceived by the committee from the heads of the de-
partments.
Mr. COOPER. I suppose that the information
furnished by the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance is correct as to the number of
rooms occupied; but I understand that at the time
when it was determined that it was necessary to
rent the building for the Government, it was un-
derstood between the Government and Mr. Winder
that he should receive pay for the whole of the
rooms, and I understand also, that he stipulated
with them that they should pay for the whole of
the rooms, and occupy as many of them as might
be found necessary for the transaction of the pub-
lic business. Mr. Winder was then on the point
of making additions to the building, and renting it
to be occupied 83 a hotel. It was absolutely ne-
cessary, I believe, to the Government, and the
Government agreed to take it, paying so much for
the whole of the rooms, and the Senate will very
easily understand that the few rooms that are un-
occupied by the Government could not be of any
use to Mr. Winder, or be rented by Bim for any
other purpose. He positively refused to permit
the Government to take the house unless they
would occupy, or at least pay for, the whole of
the rooms, and they have the privilege of occupy-
ing them if necessary for the public service. I
think this statement will be found to be correct.
Mr. DICKINSON. The simple question is the
difference between $21,875 and $16,362 50.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand this difference to
arise from the fact that the owner of this building
claims, by virtue of his contract, that the Govern-
ment have rented every room in his building; and,
if his understanding of the contract be correct, he
is certainly entitled to the amount in the bill as
fixed by the House. But it is contended by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance that the
Government merely contracted to pay for the rooms
it should occupy; and that is my understanding of
the contract at the time it was agreed to. The
Government did not undertake to rent all the rooms
in the building, and they agreed to pay only for
such rooms as might actually be occupied for its
purposes, i remember that the rent then asked
was considered very extravagant, and it was .not
agreed to by the Senate, but cut down some twen-
ty-five per cent., and with the express understand-
ing that only the rooms actually occupied were to
be paid for. Now, the idea of asking: the General
Government to pay from $150 to $200 rent per
annum for rooms in the third story of a building
strikes me as most preposterous, and as one which
we ought not to countenance. We now pay the
highest rent for the best rooms in the building—
more, I think, than they are worth; yet I am will-
ing to pay the price agreed upon for the rooms ac-
tually occupied, but 1 cannot agree to pay at the
same rate for rooms which we do not occupy, and
in the third and fourth stories. j
Mr. COOPER. I presume the Senator from I
Indiana is right, in reference to the original con- 1
tract. Originally, the-Government only proposed
to take such rooms as it might need, and it seems '
that the first year it occupied but about twenty of •
them. But the last year an agreement was made !
which governs; and if the Government agreed to '
take the whole house and pay such a price for the
rooms, no matter how exorbitant it might be, the
Government is bound to pay it; and so I under-
stand the fact to be. I understand that Mr. Winder
refused to rent any part of the house, unless the
Government would take all the rooms off his hands,
and that the Government^agreed to do that; and
he has therefore claimed the price for each room.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance is
right in reference to the number of rooms occu-
pied. It is true that all of them were not oecupied,
but it is the fault of the Government only that they
were not.
Mr. SOULE. It strikes me, that unless the
contract has a specific clause setting forth that the
Government cannot be bound to pay for any rooms
other than those they occupy, the claimant is enti-
tled to rent for the whole of the rooms to be found
in the building. To test the correctness of that
view, there is a question which presents itself to
my mind, and doubtless also to the minds of other
Senators; and that is, could the present owner rent
any of the unoccupied rooms to anybody else ? If
he be precluded from doing so, why clearly the
contract must be held to cover the whole building.
Taking that view of the subject, I shall vote
against the amendment of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WALKER. I remember a discussion
which occurred on this subject once before, and I
believe it was then almost universally conceded
that the Government was only bound to pay for
such rooms as it actually occupied. In reference
tp the question put by the Senator from Louisiana,
I understand the fact to be that Mr. Winder has
the privilege of renting the unoccupied rooms; and
perhaps the further fact might be ascertained, on
inquiry, that some of them are occupied for other
than Government purposes. Now, it seems to me
a singular idea, indeed, that, because it is more
agreeable to Mr. Winder, we should hire all his
rooms, and pay him a rent increased from some
sixteen thousand to over twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. DICKINSON. When this matter was
originally before the Senate, I refused to have
anything to do with the question about raising the
rent of these rooms. I believe they originally
rented at $140 or §150 a year, and the rent was
subsequently raised to $175 per room. Now, all
the contract that was ever made, so far as I can
ascertain, was one for the renting of just such
rooms in the building as the Government might
need, and no more.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is it.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. Winder, therefore, haa
just as good a right to rent any of his unoccupied
rooms to any person who may desire them as he
ever had before his contract with the Government.
Nor can 1 find a scintilla of evidence that the Gov-
renment ever contracted for the rent of the whole
building; and if any Senator has any such evi-
dence, it should, in justice to Mr. Winder, be pro-
duced. The proposition, then, is that we shall go
beyond the contract, and beyond the rooms ac-
tually used, and pay Mr. Winder a gratuity of
$5,512 50. We now occupy rooms to the num-
ber of93£, and pay him $175 a room, he warming
them, whrch amounts to $16,362 50. Now, if,
after this statement, the Senate can think they
ought to rent or pay for the whole of the building,
I shall certainly be satisfied with their decision. I
but propose the amendment in the discharge of
what I consider my duty, after, as chairman of the
committee, a full examination of the matter. For
the gentleman concerned, I entertain the highest _
respect and most kindly feelings.
Mr. BADGER. I desire merely to say, as there
seems to Be some difference of opinion or views on
the subject, that, according to my recollection,
when this matter was before the Senate two years
ago, it was distinctly understood that the Govern-
ment did not undertake to rent all the rooms, but
only a certain number, at a certain rent per room.
Under such circumstances, I shall certainly vote
for the amendment proposed by the chairman of
the committee. .
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to ofTer an amend-
ment to the portion of the bill entitled "legisla-
tive;" and it is to strike out the proviso in regard
to the mileage of Senators. The question is an
old acquaintance to most of the Senators, and, as
is remarked by a Senator behind me, it is one
which is generally raised on a proposition which
the House of Representatives insert, with a view
of having the Senate strike-it out again. To raise
the question again, I move to strikeout the follow-
ing:
" And provided further, That no such member of either
branch of Congress residing east of the Rock}' Mountains
shail receive more than one thousand dollars mileage for
each session: and no such member or delegate residing
west of the Rocky Mountains shall receive more than two
otliusand dollars mileage for each session."
This would still retain the prohibition against
constructive mileage unchanged.
Mr. CHASE. Believing the bill as it stands
now to be right, and not desiring to occupy the
time of the Senate by discussion, I shall content
myself with asking for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the reading of the
amendment, or will the mover state its effect?
Mr. DICKINSON, The effect will be to leave
the law precisely as it now is, except that Sena-
tors will not be allowed constructive mileage. The
motion is to strike out that poition of the bill
which makes a further change in the law.
Mr. CHASE. If I understood the chairman of
the committee correctly, he stated before, that the
proposition in regard to constructive mileage would
be retained if his motion was agreed to. The ques-
tion that we are now to vote on, then, is simpjy,
shall the House provision, which limits the mile-
