1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
fees antl costs to be allowed to clerks, marshals,
and attorneys of the circuit and district courts of
the United States, and for other purposes, his
object being simply to propose certain amend-
ments.
The motion having been agreed to—
Mr. BUTLER submitted a substitute for the
bill, for the purpose of moving that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to, and then the further
consideration of the bill was postponed to a future
• day.
GOLD COINAGE.
The Senate, on motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
proceeded to the consideration of the following
resolution, which he submitted yesterday:
Ranlrp.f^ That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire what measures it may be most expedient to
adopt to facilitate and increase the gold cofnage ot tlie United
States.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, there are
some important facts connected with the subject to
which that resolution relates, which I propose to
submit to the consideration of the Senate.
It is known, sir, that, by an existing law re-
specting the mint of the United States, a million
of dollars in com may be placed, and is usually
placed, in the mint, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to be exchanged for bullion,
in order to carry on the process of coining without
delay or loss of time. There has been found lat-
terly no small degree of inconvenience arising from
the slow operation of the mint, or from other
causes, delaying the progress of coinage in a man-
ner to be inconvenient, considering the quantity of
bullion and gold dust now in the mint. Sometime
ago a bill came to this house from the other, au-
thorizing an augmentation of the sum to be kept in
the mint for the purposes of exchange, of from one
to two millions. The bill was here referred to the
Committee on Finance, and has not yet been re-
ported from that Committee. I have understood,
sir, that there was some objection, but I think not
very considerable, and easily removed. Nothing,
thus far, has been done in the Senate upon that
bill.
So much, sir, for what has been proposed in Con-
gress. But the whole subject is a great deal
broader. It is known that great quantities of gold
are now received from week to week, and from
month to month, from California and other sour-
ces, and that this gold dust and bullion is very likely
to be sent to England for coinage, oil account of
the time consumed here before the bullion delivered
to the mint can be redelivered to the owner in the
shape of coin. It is known, sir, m the commer-
cial world, that several instances have occurred
where, upon the shipment of California gold to
England", the parties have been enabled to obtain
a credit for the amount with the Bank of England
within twenty-four hours after the arrival and de-
livery of the bullion at Liverpool; and large
amounts of bullion, as I learn from those well ac-
quainted with the subject, are now beginning to be
ordered directly from Chagtes to England, for the
purpose of being converted into coin speedily.
Many of our traders to California have given di-
rections to that effect, to send the gold dust when it
comes to Chagres directly to England. The ex-
pense of sending gold to England is supposed to be
about one per cent.; and this is less than the amount
of the loss by loss of interest to the party during the
period in which the bullion remains uncoined in the
mint of the United States. The mint does not seem
to be competent, in the present supply of gold, to
convert it into coin with any considerable degree
of promptitude. I do not blame the operators of
the mint or the managers, but there seems to bean
incompetent provision. I find, sir, by looking at
the returns for the year ending the last of February
or first of March, that there has been an accumula-
tion of bullion in the mint of the United States to the
amount of between §6,000,000 and §7,000,000. The
last two months, March and April, will carry that
amount up to $7,000,000, and 1 have a letter before
me from a person well acquainted with the sub-
ject, who thinks there can be hardly less than
8,000,000 of bullion now in the mint. In addition
to this, sir, it has been considered that there is
between eight and nine, probably close upon
*9,000,000 coined money in the Treasury and As-
sistantTreasuriesof the United States. Here, then,
are 17,000,000 of bullion and coin withdrawn from
the commercial uses of the country altogether. So
great an abstraction from the specie of the country
has produced, and tends still further to produce,
considerable inconvenience. I suppose, sir, that
instead of §2,000,000, which the bill now in the
hands of the committee proposes to have in the
mint, to be exchanged for bullion, that the sum
might very safely and appropriately, in the present
condition of the Treasury, be extended to 4,000,-
000; because that would leave jj5,000,000 subject
to the draft of theTreasury. The bullion should be
coined at the mint. I "suppose, sir, thatin the pres-
ent state of things, $5,000,000 or $6,000,000 in spe-
cie, subject to the draft of the Treasury, would be
enough to answer the current emergency of the
Government. Now, my object is to draw the at-
tention of the Senate, and especially of the Com-
mittee on Finance, to this important matter. I
think it is of much importance to our whole Atlan-
tic coast, and especially to our commercial cities,
that this accumulation of bullion in the mint should
be avoided. It has two tendencies which should
be avoided; one is, to invite the sending of that
bullion to be coined in England; the other is, to
accumulate as much bullion in the mint, together
with the coined money in the Treasury of the Gov-
ernment, as will, taken together, produce very con-
siderable inconvenience in the mercantile opera-
tions of the country.
The honorable member from New York, who
is chairman of the Committee on Finance, is now
absent on the service of the Senate. I hope the
other members of the committee will turn their at-
tion to the subject, and when he shall return that
they lose no time in recommending some measures
to prevent the further increase of this evil.
Mr. DOWNS. I am glad the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts has brought this subject to
the attention of the Senate. It is a matter in which
the country is very deeply interested. I shall not
now speak of the situation of the mint generally,
but of that important branch of it situated in New
Orleans. Not only am I sensible of all the evils
and disadvantages which the Senator has depicted
as arising from the present state of coinage in the
United States, but there are some facts connected
with the mint at New Orleans which I wish to
speak of in particular. This branch mint in New
Orleans is one of great importance, in consequence
of the great amount of gold which is landed there,
and I think prompt action on the part of Congress
necessary in regard to the subject. No stronger
proof of the defect of the law, as it now exists,
and of the difficulty of carrying on the operations
of the mint, is needed than the extraordinary fact
that at this very time, when office seeking is so
common, there Jias been very great difficulty in
getting individuals who are competent to fill the
most important office in the mint at New Orleans—
that of treasurer or assistant treasurer. It has
been exceedingly difficult, and I do not know that
the Government has even now accomplished it, and
secured the services of a man who is competent to
fill that office. So far fj-om having removed any
person from office there, the incumbent gave notice
some months ago of his intention to resign. The
office was offered to several individuals, who would
not accept it, because the salary was so totally in-
adequate to the duties and the great responsibilities
of that office. After some time the incumbent,
having held the office as long as lie considered con-
venient, sent notice to the Government that from
and after the first day of A'pril he must close the
office unless a successor should be appointed. A
successor was not appointed and qualified in time.
One was appointed, but, at the last account I had
respecting the matter, he had not qualified legally
to enter upon his official duties; and I fear there is
some doubt whether he will qualify under the law
as it now exists.
As the law now is, a bond of some §200,000 is
required, and the responsibilities are very great in
consequence of the large amount of bullion depos-
ited there. Notwithstanding this responsibility,
creating the necessity of employing so many clerks
and having to keep a set of books, and such vast
sums of money, he is only paid the very small sal-
ary—small any where, butespecially so inourcoun-
try, where salaries for such services are all larger
than in other parts of the United States—of £3,500.
In addition to that, there is a difficulty about the
mode of giving the bond. The law now requires
that all securities of officers shall bind themselves
jointly and severally. Now, when a bond is large,
it is difficult to have it given in that way. For in-
stance, where a bond is given to the amount of two
hundred thousand dollars, it is not so prudent for
the individual, nor so safe for the Government, to
have it given jointly and severally. It would be
much better for the individual and safer for the
State to have the bond, instead of being given joint-
ly and severally, so given thateaehindividual shall
bind himself for a certain sum, not beyond what he
is able to pay. I think this would be far better for
the Government than to have a joint and several
bond given by the whole. There is a great diffi-
culty in getting a legal bond in this case, and the
delegation from my State have felt so much inter-
est on this subject that the whole of them have been
pressing upon the officers of the Executive the im-
portance of reducing the amount of the bond if he
felt authorized to do so. If it is not done, the mint,
which has been closed for some time, must con-
tinue closed till Congress shall act upon the sub-
ject.
There are not only these difficulties, but we have
no place for the deposite of the revenue collected
there while the office remains closed. The law re-
quires that receipts from the customs shall be de-
posited there. A million'of bullion is there which
cannot be drawn out, because the former occupant
of the office has resigned and has locked up the
door, and no one now has any business to meddle
with it. I mention these facts that the committee
may perceive the importance of taking up this sub-
ject, and acting upon it with great promptness, and
I hope they will also consider the importance of
increasing the salary there. Perhaps the same
may be requisite also elsewhere; but certainly at
New Orleans it is. There is another considera-
tion which is important to consider. There is not
now at New Orleans a sufficient force to carry on
the necessary coinage. For instance, in the de-
partment of assaying, though we have a gentleman
there who is competent to do all that business when
it is the ordinary business, now, when it is doubled,
and perhaps quadrupled, it is impossible for him
to do it fast enough. I would suggest whether it
is net best to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to create such an additional force as is neces-
sary to carry on the coinage more rapidly, that the
bullion may not be kept thus locked up and out of
circulation. I think the whole subject lequires the
early and prompt action of the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the subject t#
which the Senators from Massachusetts and Lou-
isiana have referred is one of great importance—
a subject which has yet only been partially sub-
mitted to the Committee on Finance. So much-
as has been submitted to them has been already
considered; and the result of their labors will be
seen by bills now on your tables—one for reliev-
ing the mints from the surplus quantity of bullion
by increasing their number; and there has been
reported a bill for the establishment of a mint in
the city of New York. We have also had notice
of an amendment to be offered to that bill for the
purpose of establishing a mint in California.
This, sir, would seem to be one of the readiest
modes of diminishing the amount of bullion. The
whole subject, should this resolution pass, will
receive the earliest consideration and attention of
the Committee on Finance. It is a matter, I
know, in which the chairman, my friend from
New York, [Mr. Dickinson,] who is now absent,
takes a very great interest; and I am sure he will
be very glad, immediately on his return, to call
up the bill to establish a branch mint m New
York.
Sir, there are, I am aware, difficulties attending
this subject; but I was not aw&ie of the difficulties
to which the honorable Senator from Louisiana
alluded. I did not know that there was any in-
sufficiency of salary, or any difficulty in obtaining
persons to discharge the duties of the office for
the compensation which is now given. If these
difficulties have occurred, that, too, is a matter
that will engage the attention of the committee.
I understand—though not from official sources,
from one who is well acquainted with the officers
of the mint in Philadelphia—that theie has been
some peculiar difficulty in separating the alloy
from the bullion which is brought from California;
some peculiar chemical difficulties, which may
perhaps account for the slowness with which it is
coined. But this is a matter into which we have
not yet inquired; and I have only to say, that I
have no doubt that the Committee on Finance will
tale it into early and earnest consideration.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I have but a
