818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
all the facts in the case, would be the last man to
indulge in any remarks from which there might be
drawn any supposition unfavorable to the conduct
of the Executive.
Mr. DOWNS. I am not disposed to be criti-
cal; but it seems to me the course of the Senator
from Georgia verifies the scriptural assertion, that
"the wicked flee when no man pursueth." I
have not been pursuing the President. I believe
everything the Senator from Georgia says of the
purity, firmness, and integrity of the President,
f did not make the remarks that I have with a
view of attacking anybody; but gentlemen must
recollect that this is a matter in which my constit-
uents have a particular'interest, and one that they
are daily calling on me to try to remedy, and I have
been exerting myself, not in a spirit of opposition
and fault-finding, but in a way to remedy the evil
if possible. 1 and the other members of the dele
gation from my State have advised—though'they
may have stepped out of their way in advising this
particular course—but they have, I believe, ad-
vised that a reduction of these bonds should be
made; and they believe that this is the only way
to remedy the evil.
Mr. President, I hope the gentleman will not
consider me as making any attack on the Admin-
istration. I thought I was proceeding in the most
conciliatory way in the whole transaction. My-
self and others who have been appealed to, have
been trying to act in concert in removing this evil;
but it has not been removed, and I choose to let
the public know how it stands. It is not my fault.
The gentleman says it would be acting improperly
to diminish the bond at this time. I think it is
not a question of the diminution of the bond, but
it is a question whether there shall be any bond at
all or not; for, as the law now stands with respect
to the collector, the amount of the bond does not
cover the large amounts received by him in New
Orleans. The collector has now no place of de-
posit for the amount received by him, and he must
keep it, while he gives no bond for its security.
The question is not whether a bond of $50,000 is
sufficient, but whether it is not better to have that
than none at all. I think it is better to have the
public interest covered by a bond of $50,000 than
not to have any, as the case now stands. I be-
lieve the bond can be increased, and if a provision
were made so as not to require joint and several
securities, 1 think it can be increased to any desir-
able or necessary extent; but it cannot be done as
the law now stands, and I have been trying to im-
press this upon the department.
I do not know exactly the day when the nomi-
nation for this office was sent in by the President,
but that gentleman knows, and nil the Senate
know, that there never has been a delay here when
any emergency required immediate action; but all
nominations have been acted upon at the earliest
possible day. I repeat again, that when this nom-
ination was mentioned to me it was called up on
the first succeeding day when there was an Execu-
tive session. If the nomination was sent in as
early as the gentleman says—the Executive De-
partment knowing the emergency, and the mem-
bers of Congress not knowing it—if the least inti-
mation had been made to us that the nomination
had been sent in, I should have moved for imme-
diate action, and I have no doubt every member
would have been ready to act upon it at once.
None of the delegates from my State were aware
of it till some days had elapsed after the nomina-
tion was made. 1 was perfectly correct, then, in
my rematk, which I made m novpirii of censure,
and 1 believe the Secretary of the Treasury had a
correct view of the matter. I made the remarks
which I did because I wished to have the subject
known precisely as it is.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate to take up
and dispose of a bill, which stands its No. 23 on
the calendar, entitled a bill gtanting the right of
way, and making a donation of land to the State
of Illinois, in aid of the construction of the Cen-
tral Railroad. It is a bill which has heretofore
passed this branch of Congress; and 1 theietore
apprehend it will not consume more than a few
minutes of the time of the Senate.
Mr. MANGUM. My experience in legislation
has taught me, that it facilitates business by taking
up the bills m the order in which they are found
on the calendar. I hope, therefore, that this mo-
tion will not prevail.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator permit me
to repeat, that inasmuch as this subject has already
engaged the attention of the Senate, it will not con-
sume much of its time. I should be glad if the
Senator would withdraw his objection.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 withdraw my objection.
Mr. RUSK. I dislike very much to object, but
it has become absolutely necessary, before any-
thing else is done, that some provision should be
made for the execution of the printing of the
Senate.
Mr. BADGER. That is right.
Mr. RUSK. It seems to me that that should
be our first business.
Mr."DOUGLAS. If there is a general desire
in the Senate to proceed to the consideration of
that business, I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. FOOTE. It is very necessary that the
Senate should proceed to the consideration of some
Executive business. I make that motion.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Jipril 25, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
INVESTIGATION SECRETARY EWING.
Mr. STANLY rose, and said that he asked
the unanimous consent of the House to offer a
resolution in reference to the select committee
heretofore appointed under the resolution of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, Tlmt the select committee appointed on the
motion ot tile gentleman from Illinois, [Mn Richardson',]
to inquire and report " what persons m office, by appoint-
' ment of Thomas Ewm?, fieci clary ol the Interior, arc coi-
- respondents of ncwsp.ipets ; their salaries, and wliat papers
'they edit or write for," be also instructed to lwqune and
report to this House "what persons holding othce under
the last Administration, an clerks in any ot tile public othces,
auditors, heads of buieaus, Commissioner ot Intents, or
Assistant Postmaster General, weie correspondents of news-
papers, wrote for or edited new-papers; their salaries and
compensation for tile same; and who,in particular, was the
author of ceitam party essays signed ' Uundlecund,' and
what office lie then held.
And also, whether, during the last canvass for the Pres-
idency, any of the above-named officers absented themselves
from their offices and official duties to make speeches and
public addresses against the election of General Taylor.
And also, whether the above-named othcers, or any of
them, durim: said canvass, weie called upon or required to
subsciilie orpay money tor an electioneering fund against
Geneial Taylor, and at whose instance this was done.
The resolution having been read—
Mr.JOHNSON,of Arkansas,rose and objected,
remarking that he was opposed to the reception of
any such trash.
Mr. STANLY. The objection comes with a
good grace from the party who professed to be
anxious for investigation. This objection proves
that they are opposed to a fair investigation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to any such trash
from that quai ter.
Mr. STANLY. If it is " trash," it is such
matter as the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] can appreciate.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose, he said, to make an in-
quiry. He desired to be informed whether this
was not the same resolution which had been ob-
jected to on a former occasion by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombst]
Mr. STANLY. No; it is not the same.
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) Objection hav-
ing been made, the resolution is out of order, and
all remarks m relation to it are out of order.
Mr. OUTLAW rose and addressed the Chair.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (to the Speaker.) Will
[j the Speaker be so £ood as to state what is the
regular order of business?
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order of
business of the morning hour, was the joint reso-
lution reported yesterday from the Committee on
Military Affairs, giving construction to certain
pension laws.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Well, I am opposed
to this one-man power, but I want to see it exer-
: cised until the iules of the House shall have been
1 made what they ought to be.
|j PENSIONS.
jj The SPEAKER then announced the regular
ij business of the morning hour, being the joint res-
il olution reported yesterday from the Committee
on Military Affairs, by Mr. Ewing, to give such
a construction to the acts of 3847 and 1849, giving
bounty lands and extra pay to the soldiers in the
Mexican war, as will enable all those who have
Dot been discharged for delinquency of duty to re-
ceive such bounty land and extra pay.
The state of the question was this:
A motion had been made by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] to refer the said joint resolu-
tion to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
And on that motion the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Ewing] had demanded the previous
question.
Pending which motion the House had passed to
the special order of the day.
And the question now recurred, and was stated,
on the demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER stated that the effect of the pre-
vious question, if sustained, would be to bring the
House to a vote, first, on the motion to refer the
joint resolution to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and, failing that motion,
on the engrossment of the resolution.
The question was then taken on the demand for -
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question (being first on the refer-
ence of the resolution to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union) was ordeied to
be now taken.
After a brief conversation between Mr. Ewing
and the Speaker—
The question was put to the House.
Mr. ROOT called for tellers.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. ASHE called for the reading of the resolu-
tion; which was again read.
Mr. BROOKS desired to be informed by the
Speaker, whether the resolution had been printed?
The SPEAKER said, the resolution had been
reported yesterday, and had not been printed.
Mr. BROOKS inquired, whether there was any
reportaccompanying the resolution, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER said, there was no report.
Mr. BROOKS addressed a further inquiry to the
Chair, which was not heard by the reporter, but
which was understood to be, whether an amend-
ment would be in order?
The SPEAKER said, noamendment would now
be in order, bemuse the previous question had
been ordered.
The question, " Shall this joint resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee of Jhe Whole on the state
of the Union," was then taken and decided in she
affirmative—yeas 105, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Alston, Andrews, Averelt,
Baker, Bayly, Bennett, Bingham, Bocoek, Booth, Bowhn,
Breck, Briggs, Brooks, Buel, Barrows, Burt, C. Butler,
T. B. Butler, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Ca>ey,
Chandler, Clarke, Chnsman, W. R. W. Cohb, Conger,
Coniad, Convin, Croweil, Deberry, Diekey, Dixon, Doty,
Dunham, Durkee, Feather-ton, Fowlei, Freedk-y, Gerry,
Gitldins-, Goodenow, Gould, Hallow-ay, Hammond, Hay-
mond, Hebaid, Henry, Hibbaid, Howard, Howe, Hubbard,
J. W. Jackson, W. T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson,Kaufman.
Kerr, D. P. King, G. G. Kutg; James G. King, j. A. Kins^
P. King, Leffler, Ma^on, Matte^on, McDowell, McKis-
sock, MeLanahan, MeVViIlie, Millson, Mooie, Morehead,
Morton, NeNon, Orr, Otis, Peck, Pitman, Putnam, Reed,
Risley, Robbuis, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rumsey, Sackett,
Sheppeid, Silvester, Spauldmg, SSprawue, A. H. Stephens,
Strong, Taj lor, Thurnmn, Toombs, Underbill, Van Dvke,
Vinton, White, Wtldiick, VVil-on, Wmthrop, and Wood"
ward—105.
NAY^—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bay, Bissell, Botvdon,
Boyd, W. J. Brown, Jos. Cable, Dinuck, Disney, Dunham,
A. iivuiif*, Ewing, Fitch, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, llarlan,
Issharn G H.triis, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.Harris,
Hoagland, Holhday, luge, R. W. John>on, Jones, La Sere,
Littieheld, Job Mann, McC.'ernand, McDonald, Robert M.
McLane, MeGtaeon, Miller, Morse, Olds, IVasIee, Phelps,
Potter, I'owell, lavage, Pawtelle, Fieri. P. StfUitmi,
R. H. Stanton, Stetson, Sweeper, Thoma«\ Jas. Thompson,
J. B. Thompson, William Thompson, Waiden, Wallace,
Watktus, Wellborn, Wentuortl), Williams,and Wood—oO,
So the resolution was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union.
The SPEAKER then proceeded with the call of
the committees for reports, commencing where the
call had been yesteiday suspended, with the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RICHARDSON from the Committee on
Mi uary Affairs, to which was referred the petition
of the citizens of Cumberland county, Pennsylva-
nia, and officers of the ten additional regiments
who served in Mexico, reported a bill to amend
the act entitled " An act to provide for the pay-
ment of horses and other property lost or des-
