1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
him to have a clerk. In a letter which the Sena-
tor from Maryland [Mr. Pratt,] who has been
obliged to absent himself from the city, left with
me, is a statement of the amount he drew from his
banker for the salary of his clerk. The sum total
is #866 59. The late Attorney General contracted
with this clerk for #800 a year, and we propose to
pay him at that rate for the time he was employed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EWING. 1 move to amend the bill by
adding after the item making an appropriation for
the salary of the Secretary of the Interior, and his
chief clerk, the following:
" For compensation of clerks and messengers for the De-
partment of the Interior, $14 500."
I would observe to the SeneSe that no appropria-
tion whatever is contained in the bill for the clerks
and messengers of the Department of the Interior.
It has been passed over 1 suppose on account of a
proviso in the deficiency bill, that that depart-
ment should get its clerks, and its messengers,
too, I suppose, though no mention is made of them,
from the other departments. It is a singular provis-
ion. The Department of the Interior is to get its
clerks from the other departments in order that the
number of clerks may not be increased in conse-
quence of the establishment of that department.
Since that time there have been forty, or fifty, or
sixty clerks added to the other departments. Now,
if we are to get clerks from the other departments
to render services that are necessary in the De-
partment of the Interior, it will become necessary to
provide for more clerks in the other departments.
This seemed to me to be an idle proviso, entirely
so. Congress had better provide for clerks in that
department at once than provide for the Execu-
tive transferring them from the other departments.
The amount I have named in the amendment is
the amount which was estimated by the depart-
ment. I ask that the amendment may be adopted,
so as to give to that department the necessary num-
ber of clerks to carry on its business.
It has been said that it was suggested, when
the bill providing for the creation of that depart-
ment was passed, that it would cause no expense.
Who ever supposed for a moment, that , any one
of the departments of the Government could be
carried on without expense, without clerks, with-
out books, without fuel, without the ordinary
and necessary means of carrying on its business ?
There is a very large amount of business thrown
upon that department. It is more burdened, per-
haps, than any other department of the Govern-
ment, except the Treasury. It is provided with
very little means of carrying on its business. I
understand that recently the head of that depart-
ment, Mr. McICennan, applied to the other de-'
partments to know if they could furnish any clerks
to aid him in carrying on his business. They re-
ported that they could not spare any; and I am
satisfied they could not spare him any, unless
Congress should give them more clerks. I think
there is a letter to that effect from Mr. McKennan,
the late head of that department, in possession of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance. I
hope that the Senate will make the necessary ap-
propriation, and let that department be directly
accountable to Congress for its clerks, and for the
use it makes of them, instead of getting its clerks
from the other departments through the President.
Mr. DICKINSON. When the bill establish-
ing the department was hurried through on the
last day of the last session, it was put upon the
ground that it would require no new force except
the new Cabinet minister and his chief clerk. It
was said that the proper force would be trans-
ferred in proportion to the business; that it was
merely a division of labor; and that instead of re-
quiring an increased force, the reverse would be
the case. We who opposed the creation of that de-
partment rested our opposition upon theground that
it would require, among other things, a great and
increased corps of clerical force. That wasdenied.
"When we came together again, the first thing we
found was that this department was in such a
condition that it was necessary to employ clerks
in addition to the force which was transferred,
without authority of law. They did so; and Con-
gress sanctioned it and allowed them five clerks
in the deficiency bill. Ii^ that deficiency bill a pro-
vision was made, after allowing these clerks, that
thereafter the clerks should be transferred from
the other departments of the Government in pro-
portion to the business transferred. -If the whole
matter has changed; if this department makes
increased business, then we had better look to the
propriety of putting things where they were, in-
stead of making additional force for a department
which has proved itself worse than useless for the
great object for which it was established—taking
labor from the other departments.
It is true that the Secretary of the Interior, as
was stated by the Senator from Ohio, has very
recently addressed a letter to the Committee on
Finance asking for additional force, eight or ten
more clerks, and saying that he had called upon
the other departments for clerks, and they said
they none to spare. I have looked into this mat-
ter of clerkships with some little care. 1 started in
my position as chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, determined if possible to award the number
of clerks the various departments should ask for,
and not be supposed to stand upon a matter of
clerkship. I have satisfied myself, however, that
the more you grant the more you have to grant., I
have not contented myself with theory and specu-
lation on the subject of reform; but I have been to
the departments, and have conversed with theheads
of these bureaus where the clerks are employed.
They told me what the great difficulty is. I do
not suppose it is applicable to any particular Ad-
ministration. I do not say it is. I do not believe
it is. But they tell me that the difficulty is this;
They have men forced upon them that are utterly
incompetent. The heads of bureaus tell me that,
if they could be permitted to employ their own
clerks, and employ none but competent men, and
then retain them when they got them fearned, they
could reduce their clerical force one fourth from
what it now is. And I have not the least doubt
of it. They say that members of Congress come
and bring their friends from the country,—men
who have rendered political service, I suppose,
and insist upon having them forced upon the de-
partment. They bring too much force in the shape
of Senators and Members for human nature to
bear, and the Secretary gives way, and orders the
head of a bureau to give this man a place; and then
it is given. They say that not only are these men
incompetent for clerkships, but they are incompe-
tent for any purpose whatever, not acquainted with
any business, not acquainted with the duties of a
clerk. It often takes one good clerk all his time to
teach some of these inexperienced men.
I will content myself for the present with refu-
sing any additional clerical force. I am satisfied
that this reform must begin. The fault is caused
in a great degree by members of Congress and
others forcing their friends upon the departments.
I believe it is time a reform should commence.
Acting upon that principle, I am opposed to in-
creasing the number of clerks, for it will go on i
from bad to worse, until the abuse becomes un-
bearable. Congress sits again in sixty da^s. They
can then move in this reform. '
Mr. BADGER. I think it is very obvious that
we cannot get through this bill to-night. There
are at least fifteen or sixteen amendments still to
be proposed. It is absolutely necessary that we
should have an Executive session for a few
minutes, to dispose of the Executive messages now
lying on the table. Under these circumstances, I
move to postpone the further consideration of this
bill until eleven o'clock on Monday. As the Sen-
ate sits at ten on that day, we can commence this
bill at eleven.
Mr. FOOTE. I am satisfied that the Senate
cannot get through this bill this evening. I am j
instructed to offer some eight or ten amendments :
by the Committee on Foreign Relations, which j
have also been sanctioned by the House committee. I
I know they will necessarily occupy one or two !
hours discussion. I am, therefore, decidedly in j
favor of the motion just made by the Senator from i
North Carolina. !
Mr. DICKINSON. We can sit an hour longer, |
and get through this bill. If we adjourn now, we
shall have to sit hours hereafter late at night, from
which the public Treasury will suffer amazingly,
and the public business be left unfinished.
Mr. FOOTE. I would suggest the propriety of
taking a recess. Let us eat dinner, and then come
back and work till midnight.
Mr. DICKINSON. Oh, no! That will not do.
Mr. CASS. It seems to me that there is a dis-
position not to get through with the public busi-
ness. Why can we not come here to night and
work on this bill ?
Mr. DICKINSON. As to the great number of
amendments that the Senator from Mississippi has
to offer, I would say that this bill ought not to be"
kept back by miscellaneous items. Let us sit an
hour longer now. If we do not, we shall have to
sit at night hereafter.
Mr. FOOTE. The amendments which I pro-
pose to offer are not miscellaneous ones, but sueh
as we shall necessarily be compelled to debate in
connection with our diplomatic affairs. I am will-
ing to come back here after dark and sit till mid-
night. And I would inquire of the Chair whether
a motion to take a recess would be in order'
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Beii.)
Not until the pending motion shall have been dis-
posed of.
Mr. DICKINSON. I, for one, will never con-
sent to a night session of the Senate if I can avoid
It. I have seen night sessions of the Senate on
appropriation bills, and I will not vote for them.
Mr. FOOTE. In my opinion, hasty legislation
is much more mischievous than a night session
would be.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill until Monday, at eleven o'clock,
was agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that we take a recess
until seven o clock. Gentlemen talk about dilf-
gence and industry, and great anxiety to serve the
public. I wish to test them; I wish to see if they
are prepared to come here and work this evening.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. We might
come here this evening and dispose of some of the
vast mass of Executive business on our hands. We
might come here this evening and commit Execu-
tive messages to the appropriate committees. I
I hope, therefore, we will meet this evening, and
devote it to the consideration of Executive business.
_ Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from Mis-
sissippi will allow me to submit a motion that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Executive
business.
MEr. FOOTE. I cannot withdraw the motion.
I think we ought to devote as much of the time we
have left as we can to the public business. Let
us take a recess till seven o'clock. We can then
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not ask the Senate to go
into Executive session for the purpose of taking
up any time. There are cases upon which we can
act in a very few minutes, which will very much-
facilitate the action of committees.
Mr. DA WSON moved that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FOOTE called for the yeas and nays on the
motion; and they were ordered.
.The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion, resulted—
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Benton, Bright, Chase. Clarke,
Cooper, Dawson, Dayton, Hunter, King, Mason, Rusk,
Slued*, Sturgeon, Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee—17.
NAYS Messrs. Baldwin. Bell, Cass, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Ewing, Felcii, Foote,
Greene, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Jones, Morton, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Smith, Soui£, Spruance, (Jnderwood, Wales,
and Winthrop—27.
So the motion to adjourn did not prevail.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will not a motion to proceed
to the consideration of Executive business take
precedence of the motion to take a recess?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell.)
Not at ail. The motion first made takes prece-
dence. _
Mr. BADGER. In order to settle the matter, I
move to lay the motion to take a recess on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, September 23, 1850.
Thejournai of Saturday was read and approved.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
j^Ir. WALDO asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution,
which was read for information:
Resolved, That the several committees may make adverse
reports upon any subject considered by them, by handing
said repents to the Clerk, who shall enter the same on the
Journal, and said reports shall be laid upon the table and
printed.
