1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept.
Objection having been made, the resolution was
not received.
Mr. B0WL1N asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr, BURT rose, he said, to a point of order.
He desired to be informed whether there was not
a motion pending that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER said, there was such a motion
pending, and that no other motion was now in
order, except by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. BOWLTN. I hope that my resolution may
be read for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved. That hereafter, until the end of the session, the
House shall meet at ten o'clock a. rn., and that one hour
shall be appropriated tor the call of committals until they
are called through ; and ihat nos-peech shall bemad" longer
than Ave minutes; nor shall a motion to suspend this order
be made. *
Mr. BAYLY. I object.
So the resolution was not received.
The question then recurred on the motion that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, and the vote
stood—ayes 85, noe? 40
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BTLL.
So the H< use resolved i-self into Committee of
the Whole on the state of ihe Union, (Mr. Disney
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the hill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1851.
The stare of the question was this:
Mr Jones had heretofore offered the following
amendment:
<eProvvled, Thar from and after the parage of this act, flog-
ging in the navy belaud hereby ir$ abolished."
On the motion of Mr. Stanly, the above was
amended by adding the following viz:
(t Except in ca<es where conrts-nwtial aie held, and the
sentence .-hall not he carried into effect until twenty-four
hours alter the judgment."
On the motion of Mr. Evans, of Maryland, the
above was amended by adding the following, viz:
« Provided, further, That the liquor ration in the navy be,
and the <ame is hereby, abolished, and that five cents per
day be allowed each seaman in lieu thereof."
Mr. VENABLE had moved to amend the
amendment by adding thereto the following:
" An.fi provuled, nIso, That neither wine nor ardent spirits
sliall be u>-^d by the officers: on board ship, whilst in actual
setvice, except as medicine."
And the question was on agreeing to the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, (to the Chairman.)
Is it now in order to offer an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said, no amendment was
now in order.
Mr. BAYLY called for tellers on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Fowler and
Venable were Appointed.
Mr. BOWLtN. What are we voting upon ?
The CHAIR stated the question.
Mr. VENABLE called for the reading of the
amendment to the amendment; which was again
read. ]
And the question having: been then taken, the i
vote stood—ayes 82, noes 43. !
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed I
to. j
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to^mend '
the amendment by inserting the words folio wing: j
« To he administered uuder the direction of the ship &ur- !
geon." i
He referred to a proposition he had made to in- j
troduce a commutation of five cents, in lieu of the '
spirit ration. The gentleman from Virginia had !
argued against this proposition plausibly, as he I
argues on every subject. The use of liquor had J
been almost entirely abolished in our merchant j
service. In the British Parliament, the question !
had been raised in the House of Commons as to j
the cause of the superiority of our merchant ves- I
sels, and of those engaged in our whaling service, |
which hud enabled us almost to monopolize these j
branches of trade, and to exclude the vessels of i
other nations. An investigation of the subjapt j
was gone into, as may be seen by reference to the i
committee reports in the library of Congress, and I
the inevitable conclusion was, that it was chiefly j
owing to the disuse of ardent spirits in our mer- j
chant and whaling vessels. Now, it was an in-
disputable fact, that in the whaling vessels of;
the United States, which have been the most
successful fishers in the world, and have, in fact,
monopolized the whole of the whale fisheries, and
driven the vessels of many other nations from the
fishing grounds, not a drop of liquor is ever al-
lowed. Insurance is effected at lower rates upon
vessels not carrying liquor, and the supreme court
of New York had decided, that to carry liquor for
use on ships so insured, was a violation of the policy.
In consequence, the use of liquor in the merchant
service of the United States has been almost en-
tirely discontinued, and, on this account,^our mer-
chant saibrs are regarded as superior to all others.
One effect of this disuse of liquor in our merchant
vessels is, that men of loose and dissipated habits
are in the way of leaving that service, and going
on board our vessels of war for the purpose of
having their allowance of grog. They cannot get
liquor in the vessels of our commercial marine, and
so they get on board our ships of war to obtain it.
It is the general remark, that when such sailors go
ashore, and are free from restraints, they indulge
to excess. Thus in foreign ports these men have
often become so drunk that it has been with diffi-
culty that they were got on board. At the portof
Mahon, there have been instances of this sort, and
some of our sailors have been killed there.
The gentleman from Virginia was perhaps cor-
rect in his theory. If men are excluded from taking
their liquor in public, they may be driven to in-
dulge in private. He (Mr. E.) did not wish by
any arbitrary act of legislation to stop the spirit
ration, but he thought it ou°;ht to accompany the
abolition of flogging, which he did not oppose for
any reason at present, except the want of informa-
tion of the effect of such abolition. Show him
(Mr. E.) ihat it could safely be done, and he would
cheerfully give his aid for its abolition. He thought
that the substitution of money, say from three to
five cents, would be acceptable to our seamen gen-
erally. He was willing to commute by substitu-
ting five cent!® in lieu of the spirit ration.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Evan*] has replied to some remarks of mine,
and I should very much like to rejoin. But I
seize an opportunity when I desire to speak to
refrain from doing so, and to make an earnest
but respectful appeal to the committee to indulge
in as little debate as possible on this bill. The
army appropriation bill has got to be acted upon.
The civil and diplomatic appropriation bill will
come back to this House from the Senate with
more than a hundred amendments; and unless we
refrain from debate, it will be impossible to get
through the public business in the short time that
is left to us.
Mr. FOWLER, (to the Chair.) Is it in order
to submit a remark ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
^ The reading of the amendment to the amend-
ment was called for, and U was> again read.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, (to the Chair.)
Is the amendment susceptible of division ?
The CHAIR was examining the amendment
for the purpose of answering the question, when—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he
would move a substitute for the whole amend-
ment. He moved to insert, in lieu of the amend-
ment as amended, the words <€ Provided^ That
from and after the passage of this act, flogging is
hereby abolished in the Navy of the United
States."
Mr. FOWLER., (to the Chair.) Is it in order
to move to amend the substitute?
The CHAIR. It is not.
The question was then stated to be on the amend-
ment or' Mr. Thompson to the amendment.
Mr. HIBBARD rose to a point of order.
The CHAIR said he could not hear the gentle-
man.
Mr. HIBBARD gaid his point of order was,
that after the committee had adopted certain
amendments, it was not in order to strike them
out.
The CHAIR said, the Chair overrules the point
of order.
Mr. THOMPSON said the committee had yet }
adopted nothing. He was in favor of the abolition
of flogging in the navy, but he was ir  favor of
allowing the grog; and he had offered his amend-
ment as a substitute for the whole proposition.
Mr. FOWLER requested Mr. Thompson to
modify his amendment, by providing also for the
abolition of the grog- ration.
Mr. THOMPSON declined to do so. He was,
he said, in favor of that ration.
Mr. JOHN A. KING inquired of the Chair
what the question before the committee was?
The CHAIR explained that it was on the.
amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Thompson.]
Some time elapsed in the effort of the Chair to
restore order in the committee.
Mr. JOHN A. KING desired to be informed
what the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thomp-
son] proposed as a substitute, if the punishment of
flogging was abolished?
Mr. THOMPSON said, he did not propose any
substitute.
Mr. JOHN A. KING said: Mr. Chairman* I
am opposed to the amendment, and will briefly
state why I cannot yet give my vote for the sup-
pression of a punishment which has hitherto been
deemed essential to the discipline of the navy. It
is not that I am sensible of any deficiency in those
feelings of humanity which belong in common to
every man, nor from a false estimate of the hardy
character and noble properties of the American
sailor. But simply that, until a substitute can be
found which will be equally effective in the opin-
ion of those to whom the honor of our flag and
the safety of our national vessels are confided, [
think it would be unsafe, without any request
report from the Secretary of the Navy, or the ex-
pression of any opinion of th'e officers of the navy,
who, as a class, are as humane as they are brave,
to abolish a punishment which has been coeval
with the navy of the United States. I desire, if
such a substitute can be found, and I trust it may,
that not a moment's delay should occur in its
adoption. Upon that ground, and that only, am I
opposed to the amendment. The character and
habits of a sailor are as different from those of a
landsman, as are j.he service and employment in
which they are engaged. His whole energy and
obedience are required upon the instant m mo-
ments of peril, and in the stern duties of battle.
No hesitation or refusal can be tolerated—for on
his prompt and implicit obedience may depend
the safety of the vessel and the honor of the flag.
And as no other punishment has yet been discov-
ered which gives so effectual a support to the com-
mand of the officer, as the knowledge of his right
and power to inflict immediate punishment for
hesitation or refusal, I am unwilling to vote for
this amendment. Old sailors are rarely punished,
but would have to perform the hardest and most
exposed service of a ship-of-war, if the lazy or
skulking men did not know that instant punish-
ment would follow upon the first act of disobe-
dience or mutiny.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, raised the point,
that the amendment was not in order, (on what
grounds was not understood by the Reporter.)
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Tellers were asked and ordered on the amend-
ment, and Messrs. Corwxk and Wildrick were
appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 88, noes 42
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question recurring on agreeing to the amend-
ment as amended, was taken by tellers, Messrs.
Halloway and Fuller, and decided in the affirm-
ative—ayes 89, noes 31.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON of Tennessee, offered the fo-
lowing amendment:
And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy,
immediately after the passage ofthis art, to cntei into con-
tract With jo^eph Bryan, of Alabama, and George Nicholas
Saunders, of New York, and their associates, tor the build-
In?, equipment, and maintenance of three steamships to
i un between the United States and the coast of Africa upon
the following terms and conditions, to wit:
The said ships to be each of not less than four thousand
tons burden, to be so constructed as to be convertible, at the
least possible expense, into war steamers of the first class,
and to be built and equipped in accordance with plans to be
submitted to and approved by the Secretary of the Navy,
and under the superintendence of an officer to be appointed
by him ; twoofsaid ships to be finished and ready (or sea
in wo and a half years, and the^ther within three years after
the date of the contract, and the whole to be fcept up by
alterations, repairs, oi additions, to be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, so as to be fully equal to the exigencies
of the service and the faithful performance of this contract.
The said Secretary, at all times, to exercise such control
