1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
whatever, except implied authority. Now, if the
dissemination of that matter, of informatioa of that
kind, to the number of one hundred thousand copies,
is annually authorized by Congress, why are we
to be alarmed at this bill, which contemplates the
obtainment of more important facts in a more
unexceptionable form ? How many requests have
members had made to them for this Patent-Office
report? How many letters are daily received ask-
. ing us to show as much courtesy as our prede-
cessors, and to furnish a copy, to keep the series
perfect? " Neighbor Jones has not had one, and
he is dissatisfied that I have had one and he has
not." And so we are called on to send a copy to
neighbor Jones. And all this is constantly going
on without any constitutional objection being
made, and without " bringing: the Union to the
verge of dissolution." Yet when we seek the in-
formation specified in this census bill, to enable
us to discharge our legislative duties intelligently
and conscientiously, we are told that we cannot
have it, because we have no power under the
Constitution to obtain it.
You remember, Mr. Chairman, many other
things of the ktnd as well as I do. There was
Fremont's Expedition; what aery there was for
that. A great number were printed, but not half
enough to supply the demand for them. I had
only some forty or fifty copies, and I made it a
standing rule that no gentleman should have one
of my copies. They should only go to ladies on
their request. But I found even that would not do.
And 1 had finally to limit my distribution to the
■wives of clergymen, to be kept by them for the
benefit of the whole parish. What " specific"
authority was there in the Constitution for the
printing and circulating these volumes, or even for
the expedition itself? He would like some gentle-
man to show himaclause expressly authorizing
that expedition and the printing and circulating of
that report, and paying the expense of all this.
Gentlemen had referred to the Observatory; and
it had been said that it was originally merely
depot of maps and chart3. He well remembered
when that establishment took its proper name. It
was under the watchful eye of a gentleman from
North Carolina, not now a member of this House,
who was the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The venerable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adamsj congratulated the House on the
thing being called by its right name. When first
announced by him as a light-house of the skies,"
it failed. It got a start as a depot of maps and
charts. Now, however, as a national observatory
it goes very well. The information to be obtained
from that establishment is very different from that
which this bill contemplates, says the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] But is it more
valuable? There was a great fi^ht once when
this subject was before the House between the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] and
the gentleman from Virginia, (Mr. Atkinson,) no
longer a member, who objected to it on u consti-
tutional" grounds; but the " low down" Virginia
Democracy had to yield to the western mountain
Democracy, and now no objection is made to the
observatory.
Again, why have we reserved to ourselves the
franking privilege? Is it not a tax, and a heavy
tax, too, upon the country? It is a tax both on
the members and the people, and they have both
made a bad bargain. Neither the people nor the
members make much out of it, and why do we
not abolish this franking privilege? Why not?
It is no part of our compensation. No, so far
from that, we lose more by it in amount of labor,
than we save in amount of postage. Why, then,
do we" hold on to it? It is for the purpose of ac-
quiring and diffusing information, not always
of the most valuable kind. In this way we trans-
mit every report of every expedition, every Pat-
ent-Office report, King's report,and Heaven knows
what besides, free of postage thoughout the coun-
try; and this is the reason why we hold on to this
privilege. Precious few members of Congress need
all these valuable documents, yet you continue to
send them, day after day, post free—and is not
this taxing the people ? Do we not take the money
out of the Treasury and pay it over to the mail
contractor, for the purpose of transporting this
matter through-the country ? It is a heavy tax,
and comes out of the public Treasury; why then
do we impose it on our constituents ? Because, as it
is said, the people could not know all that is neces-
sary to be known of our doings here, without pay-
ing more than they would be willing to pay directly
for the information, but for the franking privilege.
And how much does this franking privilege cost ?
In any ten years it amounts to more than the cost
of-taking the census. And was this franking
privilege deemed unconstitutional? Who ever
heard of such a thing? Whoever heard that it
was unconstitutional to frank documents ? It may
be said the information thus conveyed was differ-
ent from that asked for by this bill. But he asked
gentlemen to take up any of the tables—any item
in the " social statistics," or other portions of the
schedules—and see if it does not contain informa-
tion quite as valuable as that contained in the daily
letters or speeches we receive or send off. Is it
not quite as important to know how many churches
and schools, &c., there are in thecountry, as to be
informed thaf " Mr. Snooks rose and said, Mr.
Chairman," and so forth? Were we not daily
greeted with the sight of cart-loads of these precious
" documents, "as we passed to and from the folding-
room, all intended to keep the people informed of
what is going on here, and of much that is not go-
ing on here? Look at theparty committee-rooms
when these documents are sent there diiected. He
had not so much information on this point as some
gentlemen, but he would state, that you may reckon
them by the cord, or by the ton, or by the cart-
load. And all these are transported through the
country at the public expense. Yet it is all
constitutional; or else we are all ignorantly and
innocently violating the Constitution.
' This kind of reasoning, then, will not do. It is
important that we have this information, and that
our constituents should have it. They called for
information most necessary to enable us to perform
our legislative, our constitutional duties. They
had been the subject of patient, deliberate, search-
ing examination and inquiry, made under the au-
thority of the law of the last Congress. They had
subsequently been submitted to the Census Board,
the committees of the Senate and the House, and
he would not take it on himself to say that they
were not the best that could have been prepared.
It did not seem to him possible that he could at
once come to a more accurate conclusion on the
subject than that presented m these schedules.
There was one other part of the bill which it
| might be as well to notice. It might readily be
seen on reading the bill that in many cases it would
be impracticable to obtain some portion of the in-
formation required without resorting to something
like a compulsory process. The obstinacy of an
individual might defeat the object of the inquiry.
The bill therefore provides that any master, or
head of a family, or agent refusing to give the an-
swers required, shall be subject to a line. Here
the subjects of inquiry are specified. A call is
made by a competent person, under the authority
of law, for the facts which are set down. The
individual is called on to testify, not on oath, and
m case of refusal, he is to be lined, and the line is
to be collected by a summary process. And this
part of the bill his colleague considered to be un-
constitutional. He intended to speak with respect
of his colleague, and of all his colleagues, but es-
pecially of him, who was a member of the Ju-
diciary Committee, and a member of the Judiciary
Committee ought to know something of the Con-
stitution. There was, if he remembered right, a
similar opinion entertained by a member of the Ju-
diciary of Messina long ago. Dogberry, when in-
structing an assistant marshal as to his duty,
said:
" Yon are to hid any man stand in the Prince's name."
"How if he will not stand ?"
" Why then take no note of hun, but let him go, and pres-
ently call the watch together, and Uiank God itwt you are
rid ol a knave."
And this is just the view which my colleague
takes of the duty of an assistant marshal. 1 have no
doubt of our right to call on any citizen of the
United States to furnish any facts, as fully as to
authorize any committee to send for persons and
papers. We have just as much authority to dele-
gate this power to a district marshal as to any
other officer.
He had not been very long a member of this
House, but he had been here long enough to be con-
vinced that if the Constitution had not been made
of elastic materials it would have been spoiled long
ago. Year after year, day after day, it had been
subjected to first a stretching and-tbeji a puckering
process. Who was there that did not know, that
when other arguments failed against a bill, the or-
dinary mode was to pronounce it unconstitutional!?
On the other hand, I never knew a gentleman
who had any measure much at heart, who could
not find some constitutional authority to sanction
it. Where did Congress find the authority for the
expedition to the Dead Sea, and for the explora-
tion of some other seas not quite dead-yet—some
of our own inland seas? The Constitution has
made no provision. We can put in our speeches
any trash which the good humor of the House
will induce it to listen to; nay, we may put in a
great deal which sever was spoken at all, and send
it forth at the public expense under our franking
privilege, and disseminate it among our constitu-
ents. But when it is proposed to collect valuable
and necessary information, without which Con-
gress cannot properly discharge its duties under
the Constitution, we are told that the Constitution
gives us no authority to do so.
He then went on to remark on the language of
Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, who considered, this
as one of the cases which endangered the safety of
the Union. If so, he should feel very great re-
gret that, after so recently, and almost miracu-
lously, escaping from " imminent peril," in which
it had been placed by the " aggressions of the
North," it should be lost by the census bill. Be-
cause Congress required to know how many per-
sons had died within the past year, and of what
diseases, &c., is the Union to be again threatened
with dissolution ? It seemed to him, that as a
matter of convenience, this information might be
afforded us, so that when gentlemen from Missouri
and Louisiana come here and ask for grants of
public lands, for the purpose of draining swam[js,
we may be able to turn to the documents and see
how destructive of human life the miasma has
been. Yet the Constitution has passed through
so many perils safely, that he did not wish to
spoil all by a census bill. He certainly would
not be one to urge it if he thought it would dis-
solve the Union.
This measure, as it appeared to him, was about
to take a sectional turn. He hoped it would noti
but there were some indications of such a result.
If we must have sectional issues, perhaps it would
be as harmless to make them upon this bill as on
any other; for it will not, I think, be possible for
them to lead to any very serious consequences.
He said he expected that great good would
grow out of the census. The more the South
knew of the North, and the North of the South,
the better they would like each other. And the
effect of the circulation of the information when
obtained would be to make them better acquainted
with each other. Each would see how labor wag
remunerated, and in what manner, and to what
extent the means of happiness and improvement
were enjoyed by the other. The South would
also know how many slaves escaped to the North
—a matter about which there is some difference of
opinion at present. It would no longer be neces-
sary to rely on Ellwood Fisher for statistics. We
should then have information of a more authentic
aad reliable character.
For these reasons, he was in favor of the prin-
ciple of this bill. As to the details, he hoped
they would be explained by those who had ex-
amined them. They could not be mastered in a
single day, and he had had only that time to de-
vote to them. He was willing to vote for the
principle. So far as the constitutionality of the
bill was involved, he felt not the slightest doubt. *
If this bill was not constitutional, then all who
have gone before us, from the foundation of the
Government, have erred most egregiously. The
very men who formed the Constitution could not
have understood it, for they expended the public
treasure to acquire information not more neces-
sary than that contemplated by the bill before us;
and though they resorted to different means to ob-
tain it, that qan make no difference. If the end
be constitutional, we may exercise our discretion
as to the means.
Mr. STRONG said that he had risen for the pur-
pose of making a few observations, but not with the
desire to submit any extended remarks. He was
one of those who were in the habit of regarding
themselves as strict constructionists of the Con-
stitution. But he must confess that he had yester-
day been a good deal surprised to hear some gentle-
