1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
overpaid ship* as m y not be inconsistent with the provis-
ions of tins act, and p-jpeeially to have the power to direct,
at the expense of the Government, such changes in the
roaehmeiy and interna! arrangements of the ships as be may
at any time deem advisable.
Each of said ships to be commanded by an officer of the
navy, who, with four passed midshipmen to act as waich
officers, and any mail agents who may be sent by the Gov-
ernment shall be accommodated and provided for in a man-
ner suitable to their rank at the expense of the contractor?.
Eich ofsaid ships, it required by the Secretary, shall receive
two auns of heavy calibre, and the men from the United
States Navy necessary to serve them, who shall be provided
f.tr as aforesaid. In the event of war the Government to
have the rignt to take any or all of said ships for us own
exclusive u-e on payment of the value thereof 5 such value
not exceeding the co-t, to be ascertained by appraisers,
chosen by the Secretary of the Navy and the contractors.
E-u'h of said ships to make four voyages per annum: one
shall l^ave New Orleans everytly^ months; one shall
leave Baltimore every three mont^ touching at Norfolk
and Charleston ; and one shall leave New York every three
months, touching at Savannah ; all having liberty to touch
at any of the West India Islands and to proceed thence to
Liberia, touching at any of the islands or porl^ on the coast
of Africa; thence to Gibraltar, carrying the Mediterranean
piath; and back to the place of departure, bringing and
carrying the mails to and from said poits.
The said contractors shall furthei agree to carry to Liberia
so manv emigrants, being free pers-ons o- color, and not ex-
ceding twenty-five hundred tor each voyage, as the Airier
ican Colonization Society may require, upon the prepayment
by said Society of ten pilars for each emigrant over twelve
years of age, and five dollars for each one under that age;
these sums, respectively, to include all charges for the bag-
gage of emigrants and the daily supply of sailors' rations.
The contractors, al^o, to carry, bring back, and accommo-
date, free from charge, all necessaiy agents of the said So-
eietv.
The Secretary of the Navy shall further stipulate to ad-
vance to said contractors, aa th° building of said ships shall
progress, two thirds of the amount expended thereon; such
advances 10 fie made in the bon''s of the United States,
payable thirtv years after date,and beating five per cenl.in-
terest, and not to e\epod mx hundred thousand dollars for
each ship; the said bond- to be issued by the President
when required by the Secretary. And the said contractors
shall stipulate to rr-pay the said advancesineqnalannu.il in-
stalments. with interest from the date of the completion of
all said ship?, until the termination of the contract, which
shrill continue fifteen vears from the commencement of the
service. The Secretary ol the Nsivy to require ample secu-
rity for the faithful performance of the contract, and to re-
serve a lien upon the ships lor the sums advanced. The
Government to pay the said contractors forty thousand dol-
lar* for each trip, or four hundred and eighty thousand dollars
per annum.
An'l the President is hereby authorized to take such step?
as may be required by existing treaties, to absolve the United
States from the obligation to maintain a naval force on the
coast of Africa; and he is further authorized to withdraw
th • African >quadron when the same can be legally done,
afpr the service by the said steamers shall have com-
menced.
Mr. MARSHALL said he wished to offer an
amendment in the form of a proviso, (which is
published at a subsequent stage of the proceed-
ings,) relating to the mail steamers, and he made
the point of order, that he had the right to offer
this amendment before that of the gentleman from
Tennessee was acted upon.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of or-
der—stating, that as the gentleman from Tennessee
had first addressed the Chair, his amendment was
first in order, but that the action of the committee
upon that amendment, either for or against, would
not preclude the gentleman from Kentucky from
offering his amendment.
Some conversation followed between Mr. MAR-
SHALL and the Chairman on this point.
Mr. MARSHALL appealed from the decision
of the Chair.
The question, u Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House ?" was taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Stanton—
Mr. JONES rose to a question of order, and
submitted that the amendment was out of order
on three grounds: first, (under the eighty-first
rule*) because it was not necessary to carry on any
work heretofore commenced by the Government,
nor was there any law authorizing the establish
ment of this *• Ebony line" of steamers; second,
that it was irrelevant; and third, that the amend-
ment contained substantially the provisions of a
bill pending before the House.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired if this point of
order was debatable.
TheCHAIRMAN requested thegentleman from
Tennessee to state his point again, and said there
was so much confusion in the Hall it was impos-
sible for the Chair to hear one half of what was
said.
Mr. JONES called for the reading of the eighty-
first rule:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations for such public works
and objects as are already in progress, and for the contin-
gencies for carrying on the several departments of the Gov-
ernment."
He repeated the grounds of his point of order
given above,
Mr. STANTON. In order that the facts may
be ascertained, I ask the Chairman to look at the
amendment I have offered, and he will see that its
provisions are materially different from those of
the bill I had the honor to report some time since.
The amendment incorporates a provision for the
withdrawal of the African squadron; and also pro-
vides that the vessels shall not touch at London,
France, or Spain.
The CHAIRMAN" overruled the point of or-
der.
Mr. JONES. I wish to know if the Chairman
overrules it upon all three grounds?
Mr. McCLERNAND asked for the reading of
the fifty-fifth rule, upon which (he said) one of the
points made by thegentleman from Tennessee was
based:
"No motion or proposition on a subject different from
that under consideiation shall b > admitted under color of
amendment. No bill or resolution shall at anv time be
amended bv annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending before the House."
Mr, McCLERNAND. I have nothing further
to say.
TheCHAIRMAN (in reply to the inquiry of
Mr. Jones) again stated that he overruled the
points of order presented. Whatever construc-
tion the Chair might individually place upon the ;
rules to which his attention had been called, he felt
bound by the precedents of the action of the com-
mittee which had given construction to the rules.
He then stated the precise grounds on which he
overruled the several points of order.
Mr. BURT. I desire to ask a question, for the
information of the committee, as to a matter of
fact. It is this: whether the provisions hereto-
fore passed authorizine these mail steamers had
not been either separate bills, or propositions con-
nected with the Post Office bill?
The CHAIR. The Chair is not advised.
Mr. JONES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Corwin and
Stetson were appointed.
And the question, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee
was then taken, and the vote stood—ayes 39,
noes 91.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
And the amendment was mled to be out of or-
der.
Mr. MARSHALL offered the followingamehd-
ment, to come in after the amendment abolishing
flogging in the navy, viz:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued as a confirmation or ratification of any d*'p<itturc
from the original contracts for building ^vd steamers and
transposing the mails, which ha-% oc< urred h< retofure, with-
out the sanction of the Secretary of the Navy."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. STRONG called for the reading of the
paragraph of the bill, as it would read if thus
amended.
The paragraph was read.
Mr. BAYLY rose to a point of order. He
submitted that the amendment proposed to restore
a proviso which had already been stricken out,
and for which a substitute had been inserted. It
was virtually a motion to reconsider in committee
that which had been done in the House; which,
under the rules of the House, was not in order.
The CHAIR overruled the point of order.
Mr. MARSHALL, in explanation, said, that on
Saturday, when the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means offered his amendment in lieu
of the proviso commencing at the eightieth line of
the bill, the committee adopted the views of the
gentleman, and immediately passed to the con-
sideration of a new subject. Some member had
been so fortunate as to obtain the eye of the chair-
man, and proposed, as a proviso to the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia, the prohibition of
flogging in the navy. He (Mr. M.) considered
the introduction of that addition as very mal-ap-
propos to the clause concerning the mail steamers;
but he had waited patiently, until the discipline of
the navy was settled and the temperance reform
was adjusted, to return to the subject of the steam-
ers and the Government contracts, it seemed to
I him (Mr. M.) that prudence suggested the addi-
tion of the amendment as a modification of the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia. r 's
The point of order made by the horfbrable mem-
ber affords the most satisfactory evidence of the
prudence and propriety of my amendment. The
gentleman admits that the legal effect of his prop-
osition, as adopted, is to ratify and confirm the acts.
of the contractors, and to adopt all that has been
done by them up to this date. If departures have
been made, it sanctions thpse departures by an act
of Congress, although in direct opposition to the
Secretary of the Navy. It is this reaching a point
by force of implication, to which I am opposed.
It isan unsafe way of conducting legislation. If
we intend to ratify all that the contractors have
done, and to overlook all they have omitted to do,
let us say so directly by ihe language of the act.
My amendment is based upon my estimate of the
legal conclusion from the verbiage of the law as it
now s ands,and f am opposed to the adoption of that
conclusion. The inducement to this Government
to enter into these contracts was, that a certain
number of steamers should be built, convertible
at the will of the Government into war steamers,
and that they should be built in a manner and time
suited to the views of the Navy Department.
Has this duty been performed? if not, has ihe
departure met the approbation of the Navy De-
partment?
Mr. Chairman, I am not inimical to the increase
of steamers for naval use, in case of emergency,
and am not influenced by a desire to oppress any-
body; but, sir, it is essential that the legislation
upon those subjects which touch the partnership
we have entered into shall be sedulously guarded,
if we would protect the true interests of the Gov-
ernment. Now, we know that there is not a single
vessel afloat under these contracts, built according
to the terms of the contract. The contracts speci-
fied the number to be built and their tonnage, yet
neither have the ships been built as required, nor
does the tonnage agree with the specifications of the
contracts. These modifications may be aH right.
I do not make a point on any one, for really so
many modifications have been made that it is diffi-
cult to understand the exact condition of these
contracts. But before we legalize all departures
fiom the contracts, will it not be prudent to look
into the condition of the performance of the stipu-
lations with more scrutiny than has been devoted
to them by Congress ? The amendment I propose
does not stop the payment of money, it merely
keeps the contracts in their present status, and
negatives the implication which wili arise from^he
act as it now stands.
Mr. McCLERNAND desired to be informed
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,}
whether his intention was to legalize the violation
of contract which had taken place?
Mr. BAYLY. It is not only not our intention,
but our amendment will have no such effect.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved to amend
the amendment, by adding the following: - •
44 Provided.further, The Secretary thall lepoitto the next
session of Congress what departures from the contract havo
been made, showing which were \rithy and which without
the sanction ol the Navy Department, and aHo, report each
omission, 01 failure, to carry the mail accoiding to the terms
of the contract."
Mr. McL said, he did not concur with gentle-
man who had expressed a radical opposition to
ail connection between the Government and imes
of steameis engaged in commercial enterprises.
Such enterprises, if properly placed and properly
regulated, might be important auxiliaries to the mil-
itary and naval defences, but if permitted indiscrimi-
nately and without control, and without regard to
the military powers and neccssit«es of the Govern-
ment, they would be very apt to become mere com-
mercial monopolies, in this aspect he would feel
bound to oppose them, as the Representative of a
commercial constituency; and charged, to some ex-
tent;" in this House, with the commercial interests
of the country, he desired full information in re-
gard to the existing contracts. He knew that im-
portant modifications of the contract had been
made in all the lines—some necessary and proper,
some altogether unnecessary, some sanctioned and
some unsanctioned by the Government. This w^hole
subject should be fully understood. He would not
submit to any partiality of action by the Govern-
ment, or to any material neglect of duty by the
contractors. Let this system be conducted on prin-
ciples which can receive the sanction of this
House, and it might prosper; but if it were to
