1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
being considered as a Territory in this behalf, and
also further provided that the individual selected
should be an actual resident of the State from
which the appointment purports to be made.
At the time of the passage of this law, no pro-
portion among the States according to representa-
tion, population, or any fair basis, having been
previously required, one of the States, although
it would have been entitled to less- than twenty
nine midshipmen by the law of 1845, equalizing
them among the States, had fifty three in the
service; another, entitled to only eleven, had twenty
nine; another, entitled to less than thirteen, had
eighteen; and the District of Columbia, entitled to
no more than two, had sixteen—more than eight
congressional districts would' have been entitled
to, if a law similar to the amendment I propose
had prevailed.
The law of 1845, although it proposed or re-
quired that appointments should be made in refer-
ence to States, did not require that reference
should be had to the congressional districts, and
the consequence is, that while some of the districts
haye now four or five times the number they are
entitled to on any just and equal basis, other
districts in the same States have none, and proba-
bly never have had, and may never have, unless
the amendment 1 propose should be adopted, or
some similar one carried.
It will be recollected, that according to the pres-
ent number of midshipmen allowed 6y law, (viz:
464,) no congressional district would be entitled
to quite two, if they were equally proportioned
among them; but two of the districts in the State
of Alabama have four each, and one has none. In
Connecticut, one of the districts has five, and two
of them none; in Georgia, one district has five;
in Indiana, one has three, and two none; in Ken-
tucky, one has four and another three; in Maine,
one has five, one three, and one none; in Massa-
chusetts, one has five, and one three; in New
Hampshire, one has five, and one none; in New
Jersey, one has five; in New York, the four dis-
tricts composing New York city have twenty-five;
the district embracing the city of Albany has seven;
another has four, and four of the districts in the
State have none; in North Carolina, one of the
districts has five, and one none; in Ohio, one has
seven, one has three, another four, and four have
none; in Pennsylvania, four of the districts, em-
bracing the city and county of Philadelphia, have
seventeen, one has three, and two have none; in
Rhode Island, one has four, and one none; in
South Carolina, one has three; in Tennessee, one
has five, and three have none; in Texas, one has
three, and one none; in Vermont, one has three.
1 have alluded to only those districts in these
States, where they have more than their propor-
tion, or none.
It is to prevent this inequality from still continu-
ing or becoming greater, that I propose this amend-
ment, and it is necessary, by the construction now
given to the law at the department, if we would
accomplish that purpose.
I am aware that the fourteenth section of the act
of August 3,1848, requires that the number of
midshipmen to which each State is entitled by the
act of March 3, 1845, shall be apportioned, as
nearly as practicable, equally among its several
congressional districts; but it does not, in express
terms, require that the persons appointed should
be actual residents of the district, although, by a
reference to the law of 1845, which required a resi-
dence within the State, it would seem to imply that
actual residence within the district was intended.
It is sufficient, however, to know that whatever
may be the true intent and meaning of the law of
1848, the construction put upon it now, by the
present Secretary of the Navy, is, that provided
a person is a resident of the State, whatever dis-
trict he may actually reside in, he can be charged
to any district in the State which may not have
its full number, although he may not be a res-
ident of that district and has never been within
its limits.
A number of appointments have been quite
recently made of midshipmen residing within dis-
tricts having already their full quota, according to
the proposed amendment, or more than their full
proportion, and one this very day, while within
the same States there are a number of districts
having no midshipmen, and perhaps never had any.
It is idle to say that perhaps there might be
none suitable in the vacant districts who desired
i mt
the place, for every one knows with what eager-
ness these places are sought for; and any mem-
ber, if he was aware of a vacancy in his district,
could readily present as many names as might be
desired to select from.
The question being taken—
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to;
And the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The following item being under consideration:
"For preparing foe publication the Ametican Nautical
Almanac, $12,850."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved the fol-
lowing amendment:
" Provided, Thathereafter the meridian ofthe Observatory
at Washington shall be adopted and used as the American
meridian for all astronomical purposes, and that the meri-
dian of Greenwich shall be adopted for all nautical pur-
poses."
Mr. S. said, it would be recollected by those
gentlemen who had paid any attention to the sub-
ject, that at an early part of the session a contest
arose between various shipmasters and the officers
engaged in the preparation of the nautical almanac,
and it became a question of importance for Con-
gress to decide upon what meridian this almanac
should be made. This amendment was a com-
promise proposition; it proposed that the nautical
part should be calculated by the meridian of Green-
wich, and the astronomical part by the meridian
of Washington.- It was satisfactory to all those
gentlemen who had made objections to the resolu-
tion originally reported by the committee. It was
necessary, in order to have the work go on, that
Congress determine the basis on which the calcu-
lations were to be made. The amendment asked
for no appropriation. He hoped it would be
adopted.
Mr. HOLMES said a word, which was not
heard by the Reporter.
Mr. STANTON replied, Yes; everybody who
had any difficulty upon the subject is, so far as I
know, satisfied.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, was proceeding to
say a few words in favor of the amendment, when
he was called to order by the Chairman.
The question being on agreeing to the amend-
ment,
Tellers were asked, and ordered; and Messrs.
Bayly, and Evans of Ohio, were appointed.
The question on the amendment of Mr. Stan-
ton was then taken.
The affirmative vote was 74; and the Chair, an-
nouncing that the negative vote was given up, said
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, said that he
had called for a count of the negative.
The CHAIR had not heard the call; and some
conversation followed between Mr. Stevens and
the Chair.
The amendment was declared to have been
agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said he had an-
other amendment, which he desired to offer.
The amendment was read, as follows:
"For the pay of the superintendent of the Nautical Al-
manac, who shall be a captain, commander, or lieutenant
in the navy, three thousand dollars, winch shall be the sal-
ary per annum of said superintendent. And the provision
in the act entitled (An act making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending the thirtieth of June, one
thousand eight hundred and fitty,' which is m these words,
viz: ' That a competent officer of the navy, not below the
grade of lieutenant, be charged with the duty of preparing
the Nautical Almanac for publication/ shall be construed to
authorize said navy officer to receive the salary of three
thousand dollars from and after the period lie entered upon
the discharge of said duty."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. STANTON said he had but little to say in
relation to it. A year or two ago the appropria-
tion bill containing the clause which this amend-
ment explained, intended to give the salary to
Lieutenant Davis, the superintendent of the Amer-
ican Nautical Almanac. Such, as he (Mr. S.)
was informed, was the understanding of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] then chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means. He (Mr.
S.) regretted that the gentleman was not at this
moment in his seat, that he might confirm his (Mr.
S. 's) statement. Mr. Davis was one of the most
accomplished scientific officers in the navy, at the
head of a most important work, and he (Mr. S.)
thought he was entitled to the compensation pro-
posed.
Mr. McMULLEN expressed the regret which
he felt that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stanton] should havfc felt himself called upon to
offer an amendment of this character. But he
(Mr. McM.) thought that the committee should
set its face against all such propositions. If the
salary of this gentleman was,not sufficient, let him
resign. His (Mr. MeM.'s) word for it, plenty of
competent men would be found ready to take it.
He referred to the distinctions which existed, and
which were constantly growing wider, between
the compensation allowed to public officers under
the State and Federal Governments. The time
was rapidly approaching when the people would
come up in their strength, and would insist that
the money from the public Treasury should not
be lavished in this way. He felt mortified that a
proposition of this nature should have come from
a gentleman belonging to the same party as him-
self 
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, interposing,
said that the gentleman might save himself any
mortification on his (Mr. S. 's) account, as he did
not profess to belong to the party to which that
gentleman belonged. He (Mr. S.) should be
ashamed to belong to it.
Mr. McMULLEN said, that if, by using the
term "ashamed," the gentleman meant anything
offensive, he (Mr. McM.) threw the term back
into the gentleman's teeth. He (Mr. McM.) be-
longed to the Democratic party. Let that ques-
tion be settled between his constituents and the
constituents of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I mean by the
term "ashamed" precisely' what the gentleman
means by the term "mortification." So far as
the Democratic party is concerned, I have had suf-
ficient experience to know that there are a good
many sections in it. I mean to say that the sec-
tion to which the gentleman belongs is not the one
to which 1 ever did belong, or ever expect to be-
long.
Mr. McMULLEN. That may be so. But the
gentleman can never belong to a more honorable
section.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. ASHMUN offered the following amend-
ment:
"And the Secretary of the Navy is herehy directed, in
making contracts and purchases of articles for naval pur-
poses, to give the preference, all other tilings being equal, to
articles of the growth, production, and maaufacture of the
United States."
The amendment having been read—
Mr. ASHMUN said, he merely wished to re-
call the attention of the committee to the fact, that
on Saturday last a similar provision in relation to
hemp was adopted. His proposition was to ex-
tend this provision to all articles of American
growth and manufacture.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to a
point of order. He submitted that this amend-
ment changed an existing law.
The CHAIRMAN said, that was a question of
fact which the Chair would not undertake to decide.
Some conversation followed on the point of
fact, when ,
The CHAIRMAN decided that the Chair
would rule the amendment to be in order, leaving
the question of fact to be decided by the commit-
tee, on appeal, if the gentleman thought proper.
Mr. CALVIN called for the reading of the
amendment; which was again read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, feeling
convinced that the decision would lead to amend-
ments which, in his (Mr. T.'s) opinion, had no
proper connection with the bill, he appealed from
the decision.
The CHAIRMAN said, he had made the de-
cision in order that the committee might decide the
fact.
After an inquiry by Mr. HOUSTON—
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken by tellers, Messrs. Wildkice and Cling-
man, and was decided in the affirmative—ayes 90,
noes 42.
So the committee affirmed the decision of the
Chair, and decided the amendment of Mr. Ashmuh
to be in order.
The question recurring on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Ashmon—
Mr. BAYLY moved to amend the amendment
by inserting after the word " things," the words
" the price and quality being equal."
