824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
praying for the establishment of a new judicial district in
western Nf-w York. . , r
By Mr CHANDLER: The petition of 1,13d ci'izens of
Philadelphia and vicinity, asking for a reduction of post-
ace on prepaid letters to two and a half cents each.
By Mr. KING, of New Jersey: The petition of 81 citizens
of Morris county, New Jersey, for specific duties on iron.
Ai^o, the petition of inhabitants of Springfield, New Jer-
sey, for cheap postage, of two cents prepaid per half ounce,
on letters tor all distances.
By Mr. PRESTON KING: Memorial and statement of
James Holford, a citizen of London, for protection and relief
a* holder of securities of sundry States of the American
Union.
Also, the petition of Joseph McFarland against Wood-
' worth's patentplaning machine, asking the repeal or modi-
fication of the act extending said patent.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of George H. Davidson
and others, citizens of Knox county, Ohio, asking Congress
to pass a law giving the soldiers of 1812 bounty land.
Also, the petition of Robert Greer and others, for the
same object.
Al>o, the petition of Benjamin Headington and others, for
the same object.
By Mr. STANLY : The petition of Jones Spencer, J E.
Blount, and others, citizens of Hyde county, North Carolina,
asking an appropriation to remove obstiuctions to the navi-
gation near Ocracoke bar, North Carolina, in Pamlico river,
below the town of Washington.
Also, the petition of Samuel Windley, J. M. Clarke, and
others, for the same appropuations.
By Mr. GORMAN : The petition of Wallace C. Law and
lOOothers. playing an increase of pension.
By Mr. WOOD: The petition of 55 citizens of Wood and
Putnam counties, in the State of Ohio, praying Congress to
grant theriaht of way through the public lands totheGilead
and Gilboa Plank Road Company, and also grant to said com-
pany every alternate section through said lands.
IN SENATE.-
Thursday, April 25, 1850.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following communication from the Secretary
of State:
Department of State,
Was hin**tox, JipriL^Zf 1850.
To the Senate of the United States:
In compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the 21st
of February last, requesting the Secretary of State to com-
municate 10 >lie Senate "such information, or particulars,
< as may have come to his knowledge, respecting the deten-
tion, imprisonment, and baibarous treatment, by the Ja-
panese Imperial and Piovisional authorities, of American
' seamen who iiave had the misfortune to be shipwrecked
'on the coast of Japan and its dependenc es, which are
* now frequented by a large American whaling fleet in the
peaceful pursuit of their lawtul enterprises;" also, "such
4 recent and reliable information in the possession of the
* Department of State as relates to the independent Oriental
'nations, and their capabilities for a profitable American
* commerce and, also, to report " whether the treaty bt-
* tween the United Stales and his Majesty the King of
♦Sain, of the 20th Maich, 1833, has not been violated by
'the King, m the monopoly by his Majesty of the trade in
1 several of the staple products of that countiy, and which
'may require the interveflfcon of our Government;" the
Seerctaiy of State Jus the honor to transmit to that bmfy
the accompanying documents, wlm h contain all the inform-
ation which appears io be called for by the i evolution.
The first portion of these papers consists of correspond-
ence furnished chiefly by the Navy Department, and relates
to the barbarous, treatment, by the Japanese, of the crews
of the American whaling ship-* aLawrtnce"and<< Ladoga."
The second poiti«m composes asenes of valuable docu-
ments, compiled with great research and industry by Aaron
H. Palmer, esq., of New Vork, and communicator at dif-
ferent periods by him to the Department of State; the whole
accompanied by a chart of the principal maritime countries
of the East. Thc<e papers, it is believed, will be found to
contain a great amount of useful recent information, ie-
specting the'" independent Oriental nations, and their capa-
bilities, lur a profitable American commerce." In addition
to these documents, the Secretary of State has the honor to
submit a copy of poitious of the correspondence of Messrs.
Everett, Parker, Davis, and Roberts, relating to China and
Japan.
The third portion consists of the correspondence of Jo-
seph Balestier, esq , United States Consul for Singapore,
who is now in the Eii*t, in the capacity of speti.il" Diplo-
matic Ajient of the United States to Cochin China, and
other portions of Southeastern Asia, and who, it will be
seen, ha< received special instructions respecting our rela-
tions with Sium. In this connection, refeience is made to
Mr. Palmer's paper on "Siam," No. 10, on the subject of
our treaty with that kingdom.
in view of the important information presented in the
accompanying documents, and the commercial and political
interests now existing in consequence of the extension of
our possesions on the Pacific, the Secretary of Slate would
respectfully surest the expediency of placing the consulate
at Smgap >re. an impoitant -tation to our naval .-nd com-
mercial inaiine, upon a higher and better tooting than it is
at present. Tins consulate, for mar,y reasons, deserves o
be supported by a competent salary. The annual fees of
the Consul at Singapore have averaged, for the la*t fourteen
years, during winch Mr. Balestier has filled that ofnee, a
sun- varying from twenty-five to fifty dollars per annum. In
all that period be has discharged the consular functions
with great honor to himself and advantage to his country—
advancing the interests of the United States, and dispensing
a ^nerous hospitality trom his private resouices.
The documents herewith submitted will also illustrate the
importance of a special mi.^sion to such Oriental nations as
are not embraced by the instructions to Mr. Balestier, for
the purpose of opening commercial intercourse with them ;
and of raiting the grade of our mission to China to one of a
higher class, with the rank of Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary*
These changes are, it is conceived, demanded by the
prospect of an increased commercial intercourse with the
eastern portion of the world.
All which is respectfully submitted.
JOHN M. CLAYTON.
On motion by Mr. KINGr, the message and docu-
ments were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. COOPER presented thirteen petitions of the
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking a reduction of.the
rates of postage; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CHASE presented eight petitions from
citizens of Ohio, asking that slavery and the slave
trade may be prohibited by lav/.
Also, petitions from citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking the adoption of constitutional means for
abolishing slavery throughout the United States.
Also, from citizens of Ohio, asking that the
internal slave trade may be abolished, and the far-
ther extension of slavery be prohibited in the ter-
ritories.
Also, a petition from citizens of Ohio, asking
that slavery may be prohibited in all the territo-
ries of the United States, and abolished in all
places where Congress has exclusive jurisdiction.
Also, a petition from citizens of Ohio, asking
that slavery may be prohibited in the territories of
the United States and abolished in the District of
Columbia, that the internal slave trade may be
suppressed, and the slave trade may be prohibited
by law in all the territories of the United States.
Also, eight petitions from citizens of the same,
asking that no State may hereafter be admitted
whose Constitution does not prohibit slavery with-
in its limits.
Also, eight petitions from citizens of the same,
asking that slavery and the slave trade may be
abolished in the District of Golumbia, or the seat
of Government removed therefrom.
Also, six petitions from citizens of Ohio, asking
that the right of trial by jury may be secured by
law to fugitive slaves arrested in any other State
than that in which their service is claimcd.
Also, two petitions from citizens of Philadelphia,
asking that the internal provisions of the act of
1793, respecting the recovery of fugitive slaves, be
repealed.
Also, a petition from citizens of Ohio, asking
that the right of trial by jury be secured to fugi-
tive slaves; that slavery and the slave trade be
abolished in the District of Columbia; that no
State may hereafter be admitted into the Union
whose constitution does not prohibit slavery
within its limits, and that slavery and the slave
trade may be prohibited by law m all the territo-
ries of the United States.
Also, a petition from David C. Ellsworth, ask-
ing that the Secretary of State may be required
to grant passports to all citizens of the United
States who may demand them, without regard to
color.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Salem, in
Ohio, asking that the penalty imposed by law on
persons harboring or secreting slaves may be re-
pealed; all of which memonalsand petitions were
received and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CLAY. It will be recollected, sir, that
some weeks ago I presented some petitions from
Lewis county, in the State of Kentucky, upon the
subject of all these slavery topics combined—
some of these little printed slips that were sent
out there. 1 stated at the time that I was per-
fectly satisfied that these petitions had been got-
ten up by persons out of that county, and that
they did not at all express the sentiments of the
people of Lewis county. I received last night a
presentment of a grand jury and the proceedings
of a large meeting of citizens at the seat of that
county upon that subject, in both of which they
take notice of these petitions. As the shortest
mode, sir, of stating what 1 wish to state, I will
read what the grand jury say in respect to these
petitions.
The honorable gentleman read an extract from '
the presentment of the grand jury; but, to make !
it the more intelligible and expressive of the sen- '
timents of the citizens in Lewis county, we insert j
that portion also which is personal to the honor- '
able Senator, which he did not read: j
U * grand jurors fur the Lewis circuit, empanncHed at !
the April term, 1850, would respectfully represent that they (
have just seen, in the columns of the * National [nielli-
j gencer' of April 5, 1850, a notice of the presentation of
! several petitions from citizens of Lewis county, which
i piav—
" Ut. That the trial by jury be given by law to fugitive
slaves, when apprehended in any other State than that from
which they escape.
"2d. That slavery be prohibited in all new States before
they be permitted to come into the Union.
"3d. That slavery and the slave trade be prohibited in
all the territories of the United States.
"4th. That slavery and the slave trade be abolished in the
District of Columbia, or the seat of Government be removed
therefrom.
"That they believe said petitions have not been generally
cnculated amongst the citizens of the county, and lhat but
very few of them have had any participation in getting them
up, or had any knowledge lhat such petitions were in exist-
ence. They beg leave to present it as their deliberate opin-
ion that ihoeQ who signed said petitions are blinded by an
insane fanaticism, or are utterly ignorant of the trnesenti-
ment of the people of Lewis county upon the subjects
alluded to hi said petitions.
" That the opinions expressed by the distinguished Sena-
tor from Kentucky upon the presentation of said petitions,
'that he was quite sure the petitions did not present the
' sentiments of any large number of persons in the cunty
e from which they camp, or any other county m Kentucky ;
(and that they were gotten up by concert and design between
< a few Abolitionists who have found their way into ihat
f quarter,' is sustained to the fullest extent by the facts of
the ease.
" The people of Lewis county we believe are devotedly
attached to the Union ol the States, and would be the last,
i by any conduct of theirs, m any wi^f to promote or strengthen
j the cause which now so unhappily disturbs the peace and
I harmony ot the country.
I " We can but express our unqualified disapprobation of
| the conduct of such of our citizens who s-ecretly. and for no
i good and worthy purpose, obtain and transmit to Congress
| petitions o  the character of those alluded to. Their conduct
I is unjust to the community in which they live, unworthy of
I the State, arid ought, in our opinion, to be deprecated and
j condemned by every true lover of his country."
| And here are the proceedings of a large meeting,
, at which presided General Marshall, the most
j distinguished man perhaps in the country, who
was one of our general officers in the Mexican
war, denouncing in still stronger terms the clan-
destine manner in which these petitions were cir-
culated and signed, and showing that they did not
by any means express the sentiments of the greater
portion of the people of that county. I am happy,,
sir, at thus having an opportunity of vindicating
that county—although it is true 1 am not very well
acquainted with the people there, though 1 have
always heard a good account of them—from the
reproach indicated by these petitions. I ask that
this presentment and the proceedings of the meet-
ing to which I have referred may be received and
and laid upon the table.
They were accordingly received and laid upon
the table.
The resolutions of the meeting are as follows:
" Wheieas we have seen with snrpt ise that petition* have
been sent from this county to the Senate of the United
| States, purporting to ha#ve been signed by a portion of the
citizcns ot Lewis county, piotesting agauif-t the adim>sion
; of any new State into this Union, unless their constitution
\ shall piohibit slavery, recommending that the Wilmot pro-
| viso should be applied to all the territories of this Union,
j and praying the- abolition of the f-lave trade in the Di.-trict
! of Columbia: Knowing as we do that these petitions do
j not embody the sentiments of any considerable portion of
j the citizens of thi« or any other county in KciiUek) ; that
: they were clandestinely and secretly gotten up by a few
! fanatic Abolitionists who have found iheir way into our
: I county; that they are mischievous arid injurious to the be?>t
ji interests ot the countiy, by tending to keep inflamed the
j: public mind on those subject* which now agitate the entire
j: Republic; that they stimulate the fanatics of the North irt
II their crusade again>t the institutions ot the South and the
1 ughts secured to the South by the Constitution: There-
• fore—
j "Resolved, That we denounce said petitions as being
mischievous and mjuiious in then tendency, anil as noi re-
! fleeting the sentiment ot the citizens of Lewis county, or
| any other county m the State of Kentucky.
| "Resolved, That we are sincerely and ardently attached
| to the Union of these United States, and we view with
I pleasure and admiiaiion the efforts that are now making in
I the Senate of the United States to settle the conflicting in-
i tere^ts Unit now agnate the public mind.
I 11 Resolved, That we view the efforts or the Abolitionist®,
j whether m'ide in the (.onaressof the United States or in
! obtaining petitions and sending them up to Congieps, or m
| sending them to the Ma^sctchuseit* Ltgi-slatuie, piaying
i secession or a dissolution of the Union, as incendiary in
! their character, suicidal in their policy, and detrimental to
J the best interest of our glorious Confederacy."
Mr. FELCH submitted additional documents
i relating to the claim of William Miller for a pen-
sion; which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions,
On motion by Mr. YULEE,
Ordered, That George Harvey, agent Of the owners and
consignees ot the British ship James Mitchell, have leave
to withdraw his petition and papers.
In making this motion the honorable gentleman
took occasion to state that he did so, because, on
his objection being made a few days ago, the with-
