1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
if v
erriment—he has worked entirely on his own
means, guided only by the light of his own genius;
and he now comes here and only asks that the
same measure of justice which has been already
given out to Professor Page may be given to him,
and should his discovery be found equally deserv-
ing that he may be as liberally aided. He hoped
the amendment would be adopted.
Mr. FOWLER said he was not opposed to
propositions to protect genius, as had been sup-
posed. And if this discovery should turn out, on
examination, to be worthy of the patronage of
the Government, he would, after he was satisfied
that the subject had been sufficiently examined,
vote to give it pecuniary aid. But all the state-
ments on the subject which had been made here,
were merely statements ofindividual opinions. He
had a great respect for the opinion of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, but he couW not agree that
the time had yet come when it would be pioper to
appropriate money for this object. The Govern-
ment ought never to embark in any enterprise
whatever until it has been clearly ascertained ihat
the enterprise is worthy of public support, it
was on this ground that he was opposed to this
amendment and to the amendment to the amend-
ment. Let an examination be made. Let a
committee of scicntific men examine the matter.
If after such examination a favorable report should
be made, he would be as ready as his friend over
the way [Mr. Featherston] to vote for it. But
he looked upon it as premature at this time to put
our hands into the Treasury and take out ten or
twelve thousand dollars for this young man,
Worthy as he doubtless is, before we have had any
examination of his discovery.
The amendment to the amendment was then
decided in the negative.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to insert
the following item:
" For tprmmatmg and adjusting all disputes with the cor-
porate authorities or*W)e city of Brooklyn, respecting Hie
title and incumbrance therein of the lands attached to the
Brooklyn navy-yard, the sum of $50,000, in addition to for-
mer appropriations; the whole, or any part thereof, to®be
expended by the Secretary of the N.ivy, as. in his judgment
the public interest may rcquiru: Proviled, That no part
thereof shall be paid out until the Legislating of the State
of New York s-hall have ceded to the United States the ju-
risdiction over all the lands owned bv the United Slates in
and adjac^ntto said pavy-jaid. And the said Secretary is
heieby authorized to agree upon and fix the boundaries of
all tin; landd attfti hed to said navy-yard, ami to receive and
execute detda of release or exchange accordingly.
He stated that he was instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to submit this amend-
ment. it had been suggested by the Secretary of
■ftthe Navy. He (Mr. S.) entirely concurred in the
propriety of the amendment, but instead of going
into any remarks in explanation of its character
and importance, he would leave the Secretary to
explain it for himself. He sent a letter from the
Secretary to the Clerk's table, in which the appro-
priation was recommended in the manner proposed
by the amendment.
Mr. GERRY said he had examined the evi-
dence in this case so far as it has been brought to
the knowledge of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and had not been satisfied that the appropri-
ation ought to be made. The Secretary of the
Navy recommends the appropriation, provided
Congress become satisfied that the claim set up by
the city of Brooklyn is a legal one. Now, { have
seen no evidence to satisfy me that the claim has
the least merit in a legal point, and I am not pre-
pared to give my vote for the appropriation. Still
1 am prepared to give my assent to the appropria-
tion if any person can bring to my knowledge
any facts to convince me that the claim is valid.
But as at present informed, 1 am of the opinion
that the claim is without a shadow of validity.
Mr STANTON interposed with a remark, as
far as understood, to the effect that the city of
Brooklyn had, by assessment, a claim for $30,000.
That claim is now in litigation. The Secretary
did not undertake to decide as to which of the liti-
gants was the best entitled. It will be paid to the J
one or the other.
Mr. GERRY resumed. The Secretary recom-
mends the appropriation in the event Congress be-
come satisfied of the validity of the claim. If gen-
tlemen are satisfied of this fact, then of course
they will, if they think proper, vote the appropria-
tion. But I see no necessity of this appropriation
until the validity of the claim is settled. And I
shall vote accordingly. i
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, moved to amend
the amendment, pro forma, for the purpose of cor-
recting an error into which the gentleman from
Maine had fallen. The Legislature of New York
has nevei surrendered tfte jurisdiction over the
navy-yard at BrookTyn, nor will it be surrendered
until we have settled this claim with the city of
Brooklyn. He did not approve of the course
taken by the authorities of Brooklyn, although he
did not consider himself as competent to give an
opinion.
M r. C ARTTER spoke briefly against the appro-
priation, but he was not distinctly heard by the
Reporter.
The amendment to the amendment was then
negatived.
Mr. BOKEE moved to amend the amendment
by striking out $50,000, and inserting $6 000. He
did this for the purpose of making an explanation
relative to the cause of all the difficulty which had
grown out of this purchase on the part of the Gov-
ernment. He contended that the whole was at-
tributable to the manner in which the original law
was passed. He stated that the parties who
bought the land were aware of the fact that the
corporation of Brooklyn had opened two streets
or avenues, and that they had no right at any
subsequent period to dispose of these avenues.
The Legislature of the State will not cede the ju-
risdiction over the navy-yard until the dispute
between the Government and the corporation of
Brooklyn is decided.
Mr. B. made some further remarks, but such
was the confusion that it was impossible to hear
them distinctly.
Mr. GERRY said, all I desire is, that the
committee understand the question—and when
they do undeistand it I think they will find no
difficulty in acting. The facts in the case are, that
the Government of the United States purchased
some land in the city of Brooklyn and received
warrantee deeds. Tnat at the time of the pur-
chase the land was incumbered. That all the in-
cumbrances have been discharged except §30,000
assessed by the city of Brooklyn on the land as
taxes; and all the purchase money has been paid
except $30,000, which is retained by the Govern-
ment until the claim for taxes be discharged by the
grantor. Now the validity of those taxes are at
present undergoing an investigation by the courts
of New York. So far ali is well. But the city of
Brooklyn comes and sets up a further claim for
expenses and damages, and for what? Now this
does not very distinctly appear. But so far as it
appears in the case as presented to the committee,
it is for filling up one of the streets of the city
where it crossed the land purckased, and far ex-
penses the city has been to m ornamenting and
repairing in consequence of the conversion of the
land in question into a part of the navy yard.
Now I do not see that there is any claim here
either in law or equity. The city of Brooklyn
has no right to complain in her corporate capacity.
If there be claims for damages, individuals only
can prefer them—the government. I am well
persuaded here is an attempt to gouge the Govern-
ment out of $50,000, and for one I am for resist-
lpg.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Bokbe, and it was rejected.
Mr. JONES moved to amend, by striking out
$50,000 and inserting $25,000.
He said, he did not know whether he understood
the case, or whether he had any correct view of it.
But he believed that- the Secretary of the Navy,
under the late Administration, contracted for and
bought this land for $285,000. The Government
held the lands on both sues this land, and wished
to obtain that between. The Government paid all
this amount except $30,000, which had been re-
ceived. How is it that this $50,000 is required?
The Government built a wall to Keep persons from
going to the water. The city authorites say that
the Government cannot build a wall m the way m
which this has been erected, because these streets
run in that direction, and the G-overnment has no
right to stop up the street. He thought the best
way would be to sue the corporation, to recover
back the amount which has been already paid.
Mr. SACKETT said, this was a claim for the
cost of laying out streets. He wished to know
whether the corporate authorities had the power
to take up a street without the consent of the per-
sons who hold property there?
Mr. JONES said, there were no private proprie-
tors there; but if the corporation has no power,
the people have the power, and can direct the stop-
page of the streets.
Mr. SACKETT said, he understood that these
streets had been laid out on a plat of land belong-
ing to individuals. If so, be did not understand
what power the corporation had to take up the
streets. As the law in New York stands, no cor-
porate body can take up streets, to the injury of
private property. Before any appropriation is
made, it would be proper to see that there is a title,
and that we can get it.
The amendment to the amendment was then
negatived.
Mr. GORMAN moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out $50,000and inserting $55,000.
It appeared that one genileman from New York
says, that when the vendor sold this property to
theGovernment of the United States, it was known
totheagentof the Government that the title was not
good. Some one had told this to the Government
agent at Brooklyn, and had informed him of the
claim which the city held upon it. It had been
duly notified to the Secretary of the Navy. The
Secretary knew what he was buying. He knew
of that claim, and he asked, for this appropriation
for the purpose of settling the claim. The ques-
tion is, whether the city of Brooklyn had a right
to run these streets. The persons who sold tl«3
property to the United States thought the city had
no such right. This appropriation is asked to be
withheld until the dispute is settled.
Mr. HUNTER asked whether Secretary Walk-
er was notified that the jurisdiction would not be
surrendered to the United States?
Mr GORMAN said, he did not know whether
Mr. Wal er was so notified or not. He under-
stood that the vendor had expressed his willingness
to submit to the decision of the court. The city
of Brooklyn had almost given up the matter. The
legal question being then so nearly settled, the
only question is, whether the city of Brooklyn has
an equitable claim ? The Secietary asks of us to
extinguish this equitable claim; and he (Mr. G.)
thought it would be better to do this than to have
a lawsuit.
Mr. BOKEE explained.
Some explanation took place between Mr. GOR-
MAN and Mr. BOKEE, in reference to the posi-
tion in which this title now stood—
When the amendment to the amendment was
negatived.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was ordered that the vote should be taken
by tellers.
Messrs. Corwin and Bowlw were appointed
tellers; when there was reported 57 votes in the af-
firmative—the negatives were not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
that part of the bill which makes appropriations
for the navy-yard at Philadelphia, by inserting
thereafter the following:*
"For the enlargement of the Philadelphia navy-yard
$4(),OUO; and the Secretary of the Navy is heieby authorized
to coniraet for the purchase of so much laud on me south-
erly  id<3 ofssdid vard as he mav deem advisable, not exceed-
ing the ar^a nf the present vard, provided H can be obtained
on reasonable terms."
Mr. S. said, he would not occupy any time in
making remarks on the subject of this amendment;
but would merely send to the Clerk, to be read, a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy showing the
importance of the improvement asked for. °
The letter was then read by the Clerk, when 
Mr. STANTON called the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact, that the Government had been
under the necessity of renting the ground, which
would doubtless become greatly enhanced in value
when the dry dock was finished.
Mr. LEVIN moved a pro forma amendment,
and made some observations on the advantages
which would result from the completion of the dry
dock.
Mr. CHANDLER defended the appropriation,
on the ground that the buildingsare now too much
crowded from want of room, and that the danger
of fire could be materially lessened by an exten-
sion of the ground.
The amendment to the amendment was
tived.
