1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
drawal of the papers in this case was not acceded
to by the Senate. Since that time he had exam-
ined the papers, and he now saw no reason to in-
terpose any objection; on the contrary, he deemed
it proper that leave should be granted. He also
availed himself of this occasiQn to say, that in the
report of the conversation on this subject, when
it was last before the Senate, he was represented
by the Union to have made a charge of unworthy
motives against the parties who' were interested.
This was certainly an incorrect statement. The
report was correct in the National Intelligencer.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
^ Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the petition of Ben-
jamin Wood, a revolutionary soldier,asking a pen-
sion, submitted an adverse report on the same;
which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the document relating to the claim of
Caty Blevins, wife of Henry Blevins, for a pen-
sion, reported a bill granting; a pension to Caty
Blevins, widow of Henry Blevms; which was
read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the memorial of
Albert Fnz, asking compensation for services as
special agent to the British West India Islands,
submitted an adverse report on the same; which
was ordered to be printed.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill to es-
tablish a board of accounts was made the special
order for Tuesday next, at twelve o'clock.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. WALKER moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill to regulate appeals
from the trials of issues in the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. BORLAND. I make an appeal to my
friend from Wisconsin to iet that subject pass for
the present, that we may take up the report of the
Committee on Printing. I have no doubt that the
members of the Senate generally are desirous of
having ltdisposed of, as it involves a subject which
materially concerns us all. The business of the Sen-
ate is really embarrassed in its progress for want
of due attention to that matter; and, unless there
are very strong reasons for taking up the bill men-
tioned by the Senator, I should be very glad if he-
would give this the precedence.
Mr. WALKER. I cannot think that this bill
will occupy any very great length of time in its
consideration. It comes to us from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, with an amendment; and, for
one, I am in favor of the bill and the amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. I am in favor of them my-
self.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yesterday I moved to take
up a bill on the calendar for consideration that was
entitled to priority to the report of the Committee
on Printing; but its consideration was objected to,
that the Senate might proceed with the bills upon
the calendar in regular order. I do not wish to in-
terfere with this or any other bill; but I shall feel
compelled to press my motion of yesterday, unless
the regular order of proceeding be pursued.
Mr. WEBSTER. A single word only. I
really hope, sir, that no other business will be
transacted until we make some arrangement for
securing the advantages of having our documents
printed. This printing is indispensable to the
transaction ofany business. Here have five months
of the session elapsed, and we have not yet re-
ceived the documents accompanying the Presi-
dent's message. I think it is high time that some
provision was made for this matter.
Mr. WALKER. I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. BORLAND. I now move to take up the
joint resolution reported from the Committee on
Printing, to insure more expedition in the public
printing.
The motion was agreed to.
The pending question was on the substitute
offered by Mr. Borland to the joint resolution
reported by the committee.
Mr. BORLAND. When the report of the
Committee on Printing was made some weeks
ago, I offered the amendment which is now before
the Senate. The resolution was from the Com-
mittee on Printing. For myself, individually, I
have offered the amendment. I stated then, in
part, the reasons which had governed the com-
mittee in reporting the resolution to the Senate,
and also the reasons which governed me in offer-
ing the substitute. I presume, sir, that it is a
matter of some interest; but, as the subject was
discussed pretty fully at the time, it can hardly be
necessary for me to go into anything like detail in
repeating the reasons which were then given. I
shall not do so, therefore, unless a discussion
should arise in the consideration of this subject,
so as to make such an explanation necessary. 1
will merely state now that we were moved by the
general consideration that we could not get in
proper time the documents which have been or-
dered to be printed by the Senate, and that embar-
rassment in the transaction of the business of the
Senate would be the necessary consequence. It
became absolutely necessary, therefore, that some
mode should be adopted by which the more prompt
and expeditious printing of public documents
could be effected. The two propositions—(he
resolution of the committee and the substitute i
have offered—are substantially the same, differing
only in the manner in which the object is to be
accomplished.
Mr. WALKER. If I understand the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Arkansas, it does not
seem to me to be a very modest one. It is to this
effect, 1 believe—that the contractors be released
from their contract, upon their relinquishment of
all claims which they might have for indemnity
for their non-performance of this contract, i
know not, nor do i care to know very minutely,
what reasons are alleged for their failure to per-
form this contract. If it be that the printers were
mistaken when they entered into this contract,
there is something very singular in the matter, for
it occurs to me that men making a bid for this
work, men acquainted with the business, in con-
tracting with Congress ought to have known at
what rate they could do the work. It seems to
me that they must have known this when they
took the contract. Now, they must have made
this bid either with the view of executing this
work at what they'supposed to be fair rates, and
deriving therefrom a fair profit, or they must have
made it with a view to keep H tor the time being
out of the hands of others, and with the ultimate
design of throwing up the contract so as to obtain
a higher price. I do not know that this has been
the design; I do not charge it as such; but'l will
say this much, that if that has been the design, it
is treating Congress very improperly. The way
that i look at the matter, i think the proposition
needs amendment, and I would submit the follow-
ing as an amendment to the joint resolution re-
ported by the committee:*
" That proper legal steps be immediately taken to recover
the propei penaltien lor the noii-petfuimaiice nf any contrat t
or contracts for doing the public pruning ot'tiie present Con-
gress."
This, sir, would set an example to those who
may be disposed to bid and not perform; and if
such has been the fact already—which I do not
charge—that the present contractor has bid with
improper motives, others may stand warned that
the same course cannot be repeated. Now, sir,
here is neaily all the printing of the present ses-
sion yet out, and not done. It is heaped up, and
in ali probability, unless some means are taken to
enforcc the full performance of the c >ntiact, the
very next contractor would suffer it to be heaped
up m a similar way, with the view of making it a
better job. Sir, ifthe Senate are to be thus trifled
with, be it so. I cannot agree to such a course,
whatever may be the inducements, either to please
political friends or foes. On the contrary, I am
for holding the contractor to whatever contract he
may make. It is equally noble to be just as well
as generous, and when it is shown that Congress
ought to be generous to these contracting, 1 ain
willing to be so; but, until that is done, 1 think
we ought not only to hold the contiactors to their
agreement, but that we ought to enforce the pen-
alties. This is, in my opinion, the only way m
which we can get the printing promptly done.
Mr. BORLAND. The amendment offered by
the Senator from Wisconsin,! beg leave to say,
is not at all necessary, as the present iaw binding
upon the contractors, and the terms of the bond
upon which they have entered, are all sufficient to
authorize and require such a course of proceedings,
if the contract has been violated. I cannot see,
sir, inasmuch as that power is already conferred
by existing laws, and it is made the duty of a cer-
tain person to enforce those the con*
tracts made under them have been violated., tfegt
there js any necessity for adopting .any .*et*,ch
amendment. .
The Senator from Wisconsin says thatthe prop-
osition or the amendment which I offered is cer-
tainly not a *ery modest one. Well, sir,.t dp not.
exactly know what is the meaning attached by the
honorable Senator to the word ** modest," in that
connection. If it is meant that it is an extrava-
gant proposition, 1 do not see that the term is at
all applicable. The amount provided in the amend"
ment to be paid for the printing 1 do not consider
very extravagant. The printing is to be done for
a sum mateiially less than was paid many years
ago for printing, and "the lapse of time has made
no very great reduction m the cost of printing. In
some branches of the business, it is true, there
has been a material reduction of cost, but in
other branches there has been an increase of the
cost; on the whole, perhaps, there has been a re-
duction.. Indeed, sir, I am pretty sure that there
has been a reduction; but I do not think, from all
the information that I can get, that that reduction
has been materially greater than the reduction pro-
posed to be made on the piice paid for piimingia
1819.. On the score of cost, therefore, it should
not be considered an extravagant proposition.
Then, sir, as to the proposition to release the
present contractors from any further fulfillment of
their contract, I do not think that it ought to be
regarded as an extravagant idea, or characterized,
to use the words of the Senator from Wisconsin,
as not very modest. I simply propose to do, sir,
what strikes my mind, and what has struck the
mind of others, a3 a veiy proper thing to be done.
Here are individuals—no matter who they may be
—who have entered into contracts with the (Gov-
ernment, which facts have fully shown to te un-
fortunate contracts for themselves, and which they
cannot execute without sedons pecuniary loss.
Well, the proposition is, to release them -from the
difficulties into which they have fallen, and then
to proceed and*have the work executed on a differ-
ent plan. For one, sir, if it be possible, i desire to
avoid anything that will be to the detument of the
public interests; but at the same time 1 am unwil-
ling unnecessai ily to involve individuals who have
had business transactions with the Government in
pecuniary ruin.
If, sir, it be extravagant or " immodest" to
make such a proposition, then 1 am liable to the
charge, for I have made such a one—one too that
I shall be always ready to defend. I would be
unwilling, as an individua^in any private-trans-
actions with another person, to insist upon my
strictly legal rights, at the expense of pecuniary
ruin to that individual, and that too without any
advantage resulting to myself; and as a Senator,
a member oi this body, engaged in the perform-
ance of public duty, 1 do not feel at liberty to go
further in behalf of public interests than 1 would
go for the protection of my own interests. There-
fore it is, sir, that 1 am willing, with regard to
individuals who Jiave made unfortunate contracts,
and concerning whose course i have no evidence
that they acted from corrupt or improper motives—•
perfectly willing to say at all times, I will release
you from your contracts; take the arrangement of
the business into my own hands again, and make
some other disposition of it. But what sort of a
disposition will I make of itr I would make a
disposition by which no other persons should be
injured and by which the public interests should
be subserved. As to the manner in which it is to
be done, sir, 1 do not know that it is necessary to
go much into detail; but 1 insist upon this tact,
that our work is not do*e at present in the way
ail admit it should be done, and therefore we
should take measures for us due accomplishment.
We cannot have it executed properly under the
present arrangement, and the public interests im-
peratively require that we should enter into some
other arrangement. The report of the committee
proposes to have it done under another arrange-
ment. After having ascertained all the facts in
relation to the subject of printing that could be
gathered, the committee have submitted their
proposition, which, as I remarked, is of a similar
character to the amendment proposed by myself.
The propositionof the committee simply authorizes
and empowers the officers of the Senate and the
House of Representatives to contract with printers
for the performance of this work. The amend-
