1920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 23.
The question being on the original amendment,
tellers were ordered.
Messrs. Fowler and Robbins were appointed
tellers, and the vote was reported, ayes 48, noes 73.
So the amendment was negatived.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend the bill by in-
serting the following:
" And that the pay of the engineer; Ward B. Brunett, at
the navy-yard, Philadelphia, be $2,347, commencing at the
time of hi8 appointment on the 1st day of February, 1849."
Mr. CARTTER rose to a question of order, on
the ground that the gentleman had already offered
this amendment, ana it had been voted down.
The point of order was overruled.
Mr. WHITE explained that this amendment
was offered under the instruction of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and that it had the approba-
tion of the Secretary.
The question being about to be taken on the
amendment, tellers were demanded.
Messrs. Williams and Hamilton were ap-
pointed tellera, and the vote was reported—ayes
64, noes 62.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CABELL, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, moved to amend the item which reads _"for
completing permanent wharf," &c., at Pensacola,
by striking out the word "completing," and in-
serting "extending permanent wharf according to
the plan of the engineers."
He sent to the Clerk a letter from the Secretary
of the Navy recommending this amendment.
The question on the amendment was about to
be put, when
Mr. CABELL asked for tellers.
The CHAIR announced that a sufficient num-
ber did not rise.
Mr. CABELL insisted on a count.
The CHAIR decided that it was too late.
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr. CABELL then moved to amend the same,
clause of the bill by substituting the word "ex-
tending" for the word "completing."
The amendment was agreed to—ayes 76.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, under the di-
rection of the Committee on Naval Affairs, moved
to amend the bill by inserting the following:
" For commencing the construction of a floating dry dock
on the coast of California, one hundred thousand dollars.
And the Secretary of the Navy is authorized and directed to
enter into contract with Samuel D. Dakin, John S. Gilbert,
Zenor Secor, and Rutherford Moody, tor the construction,
with ail reasonable dispatch, of a sectional or balance float-
ing dry dock, basin, and railway, at such harbor on the coast
of the Pacific ocean as he may select, of capacity and di-
mensions in no respect uiferioi to those of the dry dock in
progiess of construction at Pensacola: Provided, That, by
gianting the said contractors permission, if required, to pre-
pare the materials chiefly at some harbor on the Atlantic
sea-board, and advancing moneys thereon as the works pro-
gress, the said works can be completed at a sum not exceed-
in? by more than twelve percent, the whole amount con-
tracted to be paid for the floating dock, basin, and railway
at the Pensacola navy-yard, with the addition thereto of
what would b<j the cost of transportation to the said coast of
the materials thus prepared, and with the reservation, tin the
works are done, ot ten per cent, and the usual surety for the
faithful performance of the contract. And it shall also be
the duty uf the Secretary of the Navy to entnrinto an agree-
ment with the said contractors, if they will keep the said
work^ m repair, and take pioper care of the same, for any
given period of years fiee of charge to the Government, to
permit them to use the said works during such period, on
their own account, for repairing merchant vessels, when not
occupied by vessels of the navy, to which precedence shall
at all times be given."
Mr. S. would say but few words on this question.
He would read a short passage from the report of
the Secretary of the Navy, made at the commence-
ment of this session. He then read an extract, in
which it is strongly recommended to make pro-
vision for the repair of our ships on the coast of
California. There was but one opinion as to the
necessity for this appropriation, and for such an
establishment in California. As to the superiority
of floating dry docks over every other description
of dock, public opinion had settled down, and the
policy of the Government also seems to have set-
tled down, as this appropriation bill shows. He
had brought here a letter from Commodore Ap
Catesby Jones, who had just returned from Cali-
fornia. He would not read this letter at this late
hour; but he would state it as the opinion of Com-
modore Jones that the construction of a floating
dry dock on the Atlantic coast, and to be shipped
thence for California, is the best policy. Materials
of the proper kind can be more easily procured on
the Atlantic coast than in California, and the ad-
ditiooal cost beyond that which is now in progress
at Pensacola will not exceed twelve per cent. Any
gentleman who will take the trouble to examine
this subject, will be satisfied of the necessity for
this dock in California. One of our frigates,
which has cost the Government about nine hun-
dred thousand dollars, is now lying there in such
a condition that it is dollbtful whether she can be
brought home for repair. He stated that he of-
fered this amendment in behalf of a gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] who was necessarily
absent.
Mr. HALL moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out the names of the persons, and in-
serting, " to the lowest and best bidders."
Mr. STANTON replied, that the gentlemen
named in the amendment were the patentees of
the floating dry dock, and that no other persons
could construct them.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY moved an amendment, pro
forma, to the amendment-
He said he believed that there was above a mil-
lion of dollars appropriated in this bill for these
floating dry docks. For the one at Pensacola,
$414,000 is appropriated. Yet not one of these
floating dry docks has yet been completed; and
we do not know if they ever will be completed.
We ought surely to know whether they will suc-
ceed or not before we make these large appropria*
tions, and bring them into general use. If these
floating dry docks are the best, then certainly
California is entitled to one of them.
Mr. WHITE, in a low tone, defended the float-
ing dry docks, one of which had, he said, been in
successful operation for four years in New York.
The amendment to the amendment was then
withdrawn.
Mr. LA SERE said that he was instructed by
the Committee on Naval Affairs to move to insert
the following:
"And the sum of five hundred dollars for suitable plans
of the buildings and requisite improvements at the naval
depdt near New Orleans; and that said plans be procured
and furnished under the direction of the senior naval officer
resident or stationed at New Orleans."
Mr. LA SERE said a few words in explanation
of the amendment.
Mr. STANTON hoped the amendment would
be adopted.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moVed to in-
sert in the bill the following:
" For printing and binding three hundred copies of the
official report of the Expedition to the Dead Sea, to be dis-
tributed to libraries, institutions, and learned societies,
under Uie direction of the Secretary of the Navy, seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars."
He stated that he submitted this amendment at
the suggestion of the Secretary of the Navy. As
well as he understood the object of the Secretary,
it was to have a few copies of this work printed
in a style superior to that in which the ordinary
work of Congress was done, for the purpose of
distributing them among the foreign literati. This
expedition was carried out under the administra-
tion of Mr. Polk; and he thought the work should
be sent out in a better style than that of a common
document, in which form it had already been
printed.
The question was put, and the amendment was
negatived-
The bill having been read through,
Mr. BAYLY (among several competitors) ob-
tained the floor, and moved that the committee
rise and report the bill.
Messrs. STANTON, of Tennessee, VEN ABLE
and CARTTER, addressed the Speaker, and
stated that they wished to offer amendments.
The CHAIRMAN propounded the question on
the motion to rise and report.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, made the ques-
tion of order, that the motion to rise and report
could not be put until all the amendments were
offered which any gentleman might desire.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
and said that the motion to rise and report, like
the motion to adjourn, was a privileged motion,
and was in order.
Mr. VENABLE appealed.
Mr. CARTTER called for the reading of therule.
N The latter part of the 130th rule was read.
The CHAIRMAN said, that part of the rule
which related to amendments pending must be
construed in reference to the general parliamentary-
law in regulating the reception of amendments.
His opinion was clear that the motion to rise and
report, under the well-known principles of parlia-
mentary law, was in order; but in deference to the
general wishes of the House he would decide
otherwise.
Mr. VENABLE moved to amend the bill by
adding thereto the following section:
" Jlnd he it further enacted, That from and after tie pas-
sage of this act, surgeons of the fleet, surgeons of more than
twelve years, and pursers of more than twelve years, shall
have the rank of commanders; surgeons of less than twel ve
years shall have the rank of lieutenant; passed assistant
surgeons shall have rank next after lieutenants; and pursers
shall rank with surgeons according to the date of commis-
sion : Provided, ¥hat commanding officers, of whatever
grade, when on duty, shall lake precedence of all pay and
medical officers: Jlnd provided, further, That this act shalt
confer no authority to exercise military command, and no
additional right to quarters."
Mr. JONES made the point of order, that the
amendment was not now in order, on the ground
that they had now gone through with and disposed
of all that portion of the bill which applied to the
navy, and that the latter part of it referred to the
marine service. The amendment was not germane,
and therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order,
stating that he could not distinguish the marine
service and decide that it was not a part of the
navy. On the contrary, the opposite was the fact.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, made the point
of order, that the question of rank was not germane
to the appropriation of money, and therefore that
the amendment was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN remarked, that by reference
to appropriation bills passed heretofore, it appeared
that provisions for the increase of the officers of
the navy, and other similar provisions, had been
ingrafted upon appropriation bills—and it could
only be accounted for upon the principle that all
matters relating to the navy -were germane. In
accordance with these precedents, he must over-
rule the point of order and decide the amendment
to be in order.
Mr. KAUFMAN appealed from the decision.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was ta-
ken, and decided in the negative.
So the decision was reversed, and the amend-
ment ruled out of order.
Mr. CARTTER moved to amend the bill by ad-
ding thereto the following section:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That the aggregate amount of
appropriations provided in this bill be, and the same ishereby,
reduced two millions of dollars; and that the Presidentof the?
Uniu-d Slates be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to restrict the service provided for m this bill to bring the
sum within the aforesaid reduction."
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. CARTTER appealed.
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
So the amendment of Mr. Cartter was ruled
out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the bill by adding thereto:
" Be it further enacted, That hereafter the naval force of
the United States m commission shall be divided into two
squadrons, to be known as the squadron of the Atlantic and
squadron of the Pacific—the former to have its headquarters
in the waters of the United States in the Atlantic, and to
cruise in the north and south Atlantic, in the Mediterranean,
and the Gulf of Mexico; the latter have its headquarters in
California, to cruise in the north and south Pacific, in the
China seas, and the Indian ocean : Provided, That so long
as existing treaties require it, a force of eighty guns shall be
kept on the African coast.
" Be it further enacted, That after the expiration of the
present fiscal jear, the number of petty officers, seamen, or
ordinary seamen, landsmen and boys, employed at any one
time in the navy, shall not exceed five thousand."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, raised the point
of order against this amendment, that it was not
germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules as before,
that all matters relating to the navy are germane
and in order.
Mr. STEPHENS appealed.
The question, " Shall the riecisiort of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was ta-
ken, and decided m the negative.
So the decision was reversed, and the amendment
was decided out of order.
