THE CONGBES
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS f 3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1850.
New Series No. HI.
Mr. BAYLY renewed his motion that the com-
mittee rise and repfert the bill.
Mr. STANLY moved to add to the bill the fol-
lowing section:
" Be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy is
authorised, should he deem it practicable, to employ such'
part of the. n 'v.il force as may be necessary to remove the
wreck of the steam frigate Missouri, lying in the harbor of
Gibraltar; and if it be not practicable 10 remove said wreck
by the employment of part of the naval force, then ihe Sec-
retary ot the Navy is hereby authorized and required to
contract with such person or persons, after advertising for
proposals, for the removal of said wreck, on such plan as he
shall deem advisable: Provided, The whole cost shall not
exceed $6i>,000, to be paid out ,of the appropriation for con-
struction, equipment, and repair."
Mr. KAUFMAN called for a division of the
question. He was willing to vote for the first, but
■was unwilling to vote for the last part of the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN announced that the question
would be divided, and would be put upon agreeing
to so much of the amendment as related to the em-
ployment of the naval force.
Mr. STANLY said a few words in support of
the amendment, of which nothing was heard by
the Reporter, except the declaration that our duty
and honor required that we should raise this
wreck.
Mr STEPHENS, of Georgia, was entirely op-
posed to the amendment. The committee had pre-
viously had it before them in substance, and had
voted it down. He was opposed to any appropri-
ation of money or direction of our naval .force to
remove obstructions in the bay of Gibraltar, oc-
casioned by the wreck of the Missouri. He dis-
agreed with gentlemen who considered it the duty
of this Government to remove it. During the rev-
olutionary war vessels had been sunk near the
mouth of the Savannah river, to keep out the Brit-
ish fleet. The people of Georgia had for years
petitioned- in vain for their removal. They could
not get these obstructions out of their own bay.
Should Congress appropriate fifty or seventy-five
thousand dollars for the bay of Gibraltar, when
they would not clear out our own harbors? He held
it to be the duty of Congress to remove obstructions
in our own bays and rivers, but he should never
acknowledge the obligation of the Government to
clear out the bay of Gibraltar.
Mr. BAKER moved an amendment to the
amendment, to reduce the sum to $30,000.
Mr. BAKER said, itseemed to be thought much
better to remove the obstructions made by the Gov-
ernment itselfin the harbor of Gibraltar than those
made by nature in the channel of the Mississippi.
It was an English notion, and he was partly En-
glish himself, and it had been argued here that
great regard should be always had to a spirit of
amity and courtesy between nations. Now, he had
n great deal of this feeling, but his greatest regard
waa for home; and while in consequence of these
home obstructions there had been more vessels
wrecked on the Mississippi rapids, and more
steamboats destroyed, than all the vessels which
had been lost at the Rock of Gibraltar from the
days of General Elliot to the present day, he
thought the removal of obstructions in the Mis-
sissippi demanded our first attention. He had a
grtat respect for his friend from North Carolina,
[Mr. Stanly,] and he was inclined to go very far
for amity and courtesy, but he thought we ought
not to give money for this inferior class of im-
provements until the more important ones had
been attended to.
Mr. STANLY was understood to say that it
struck him as a strange argument that because this
Government- had not done all it ought to in the
Savannah river, therefore they should do nothing
else, whether our honor required it or not. That
was. the amount of the gentleman's argument.
But he wished to say that he hoped, if the com-
mittee was not disposed to adopt the whole
amendment, they would at least agree to the ilrst
part of it.
The question upon the amendment of Mr. Ba-
ker to the amendment, was taken, and decided in
the negative.
The question recurring upon agreeing to the
121
first branch of the amendment of Mr. Stanly,
as follows:
" *dnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Navy is authorized, should he deem it practicable, to em-
ploy such part of the naval force as may he necessary to
remove the wreck of the steam frigate Missouri, lying in
the harbor of Gibraltar."
Thecjuestion was taken, and decided in tRe af-
affirmative.
So the first branch wag agreed to.
The question recurred upon the latter branch of
the 'amendment.
Mr. WHITE moved to amend it by adding a
provision that the contract should be given to the
lowest bidder.
The question being taken—
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The second branch of the amendment, as
amended, was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to add
the following section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
i* hereby directed to purchase the right to use the patent
suction and force pump and fire engine of Simon P. K>ese;
and the sum of $25,000 is hereby appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. KAUFMAN submitted that the amend-
ment was out of order, being for an object not au-
thorized by law.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr.STANTON stated, thatthough instructed by
the Committee on Naval Affairs to offer this amend-
ment he had not intended to, and had not when
they passed that part of the bill; but he had been
requested to offer it by various gentlemen on this
floor—a large proportion of whom, he believed, had
seen the invention. He now offered the amend-
ment, and it would be for the committee to dispose
of it as they saw fit. He considered the invention
a valuable one.
Mr. CARTTER moved an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out the words " and force,"
so that the amendment should read " suction
pump." (Laughter.)
The amendment to the amendment, and the
original amendment, were severally rejected.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee then
rose and reported the bill and amendments to the
House.
And the question being on agreeing: to the said
amendments, and on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed for a third reading,
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
The SPEAKER. The various amendments will
now be reported to the House; and gentlemen who
are desirous of a separate vote on any amendment
will signify their desire when* the amendment is
read. On the other amendments on which no
separate question is asked, the vote will be taken
together.
THE POST-ROUTE BILL.
Mr. POTTER asked the unanimous consent of
the House that the general post-route bill, which
had just been returned from the Senate, might be
taken up and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office. Ordered accordingly.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the naval appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. There is great confusion in
the Hall. Gentlemen are requested to resume
their seats. Business must be suspended until
order is restored. Theamendments will not be read
until order has been restored, otherwise there will
be difficulty when the vote comes to be taken.
A pause of some length followed, after which,
The amendments were read, and those upon
which a separate vote was desired were designated.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked the unanimous consent
of the House to move that the daily hour of
meeting of the House be ten o'clock.
Mr. BAYLY objected.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the rules be sus-
pended to enable him to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
no motion to suspend the rules js in order until fche
special order shall have been disposed of,
So the motion of Mr. Kaufman was not re-
ceived.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the amendments, on which a separate vote had not
been asked, and they were agreed to.
The other amendments on which a separate vote
had been asked, were then taken up and disposed
of without a second vote* except as hereinafter
mentioned.
After an inquiry by Mr. Burt as to the number
of amendments,
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
On concurring with the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, in the following amend-
ment, ,
"And there be paid, by the proper accounting officers, to
William J. MeAlpine and William P. Sanger the same sal-
ary that was paid to their predecessors as engineers-in-chief^
during the time they severally performed such service at the
navv-yard, Brooklyn, New York"—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was concurred in.
The question was then taken and carried in the
affirmative upon concurring with the committee in
the following amendment, upon which Mr. Rich-
ardson had demanded a separate vote:
"That the Secretary of the Navy be authorized to exam-
ine into the merit* of the various condensers for supplying
the boilers of marine engines with fresh water, and that he
report to this House, at its next session, the result of said
examination, togeiher with his opinion as to the value of the
best of "aid condensers to the Government of the United
Stales; and thai the sum of$5.090 be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated to carry into effect this provisision,"
The question was next on concurring in the fol-
lowing amendment, upon whieff Mr. Venable had
asked a separate yote:
"Amend the item which reads {for repair of vessels in or-
dinary, and for wear and tear of vessels in commission, inclu-
ding fuel for steamersand the purchase of hemp, $1,750,000/
so .is to make it read (lor repair of vessels in ordinary, and
for wear and tear of vessel in commission, including fuel
for steamers and the purchase of American water-rotted
hemo, to be bought by the Secretary in open market,
$1,750,000: Provided, The price of the American hemp
shall not exceed the average price of the foreign article for
the last five years.'"
Mr. VENABLE demanded the yeas and nays
on the question; which were not ordered.
The question being put, it was carried in the af-
firmative.
The following amendment of the committee was
then agreed to: ^
"For meteorological observations, to be conducted under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy, $-2,000."
The question was next on concurring in the fol-
lowing amendment, upon which Mr. Jones had
asked a separate vote:
"Strike out after t!he words c for transportation of the
United State** mail between New York and Liverpool, be-
tween New York and New Orleans, Havana, and Ohagres,
and between Panama and some point in the Territory of
Oregon, §874,000,' the following proviso :
"Provided, That no part of tins appropriation, or of the
unexpended appropriations for the same service heretofore
made, shall bp drawn from the Treasuty, unless the con-
tract undei which payment is sought shall have been per-
formed m full and strict compliance with the l.iw of the
contract. And the Secretary 01 Lhe Navy is hereby author-
ized and required to rescind such of said contracts as may
not have been fully and substantially performed according
to the terms and stipulations thereof"—
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
" Provided, That no payment shall be made for said ser-
vice except in proportion to the mail service heretofore per-
formed, or that may be hereafter performed; and the Secre-
tary of the Navy is hereby directed to make payment in
such proportion only."
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
A motion was again made that the House ad-
journ.
The House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
said amendment. *
The SPEAKER again directed business to be
suspended until order had been restored, and stated
that if order could not be restored in any other
