'828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
upon the facts of the case, where they have not
been sufficiently investigated. Certainly, if they
have been guilty of a dereliction of duty, I am as
willing as any one that they should be punished
in some way,' but I am not willing to take it for
granted, before a full investigation of the facts,
-that they have been thus guilty.
Mr. BORLAND. I rise but to make one or
two explanatory remarks, on one or two points
on which theie appeals to be some misunder-
standing. 1 stated in the beginning that the com-
mittee had no other view in making their report,
nor had I any other view in offering my amend-
ment, than to obviate in some way the evils and
inconveniences arising from the fact that under the
present arrangement the public printing could not
be executed in the time in which we wanted it.
The committee on printing, to satisfy themselves
so that there could be no doubt in regard to the
fact, ascertained from actual inquiry and examina-
tion, that, under the present arrangement, it was
impossible tnat the printing could be executed as
■we desired k, and for the reason that theie js now
ordejed by Congress a much larger amount of
printing; than ever was the case, or than the print-
ers anticipated, and were prepared for. It is
impossible for any one printing establishment in
the city to do the work. That is the main cause
of the difficulty. The committee, I will say further, |
did not believe the contract had been violated— ;
that is, in the usual sense of the word violation;
the contractors had failed to fulfill it, but under
circumstances which made a failure inevitable.
They ascertained the fact that the work under the
present arrangement could not be done. Well,
the next step to take was to ascertain how it could
be done, and w hat sort of a contract could be made
to have it done. Upon inquiry it was ascertained
that no one office in the city, however large, could
do it, and that it would then require the most exten-
sive offices at least m the city to do the work m
anything like the time. That is a fact which they
ascertained from the testimony of the leading
printers and publishers in the city. That it could
not be doi^e by any one establishment, and only
by two establishments, when they acted in con-
cert, or as one office. That with two such estab-
lishments with the whole amount of the work
given to them, acting in concert, jn this way only,
they ascertained, c"uid the work be executed in
proper time. These two facts being ascertained,
the course before the committee was a veiy plain
one, and they reported the resolution which has
been read, empoweriii^ the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and the Clei k of tne House, acting together,
to employ persons to do the wo k at a fixed rate—
that is, at a rate twenty per cent, less than the tales
of J819. I liill'eifd with the committee on the de-
tails of this plan—that is, as to the proper manner
of employing these primeis. The commitiee pro-
posed to have them employed by the officets of the
Senate and the House, and my proposition pro-
posed that Congress should appoint them, allow-
ing them the same rates of compensation as were
proposed by the committee. As to the manner
of the appointment of the printers, the committee
and myself, therefore, did notagtee. My prop-
osition ditleis in another particular fiom the
report of the committee, or, raiher, it goes fur-
ther. It provides that the contract now in exist-
ence should be abrogated, and that there should be
a mutual relinquishment, on the part of Congress
and the public printers, of all claims for damages,
and all penalties provided in the bond. The com-
mittee did not object to that, but did not deem it
necessary to include it in the resolution, supposing
that it would follow as a matter of course, or that
it would be a subject of subsequent action. They
did not deem it necessary, therefore, to embody it
in their proposition at the time. 1 deemed it best
to settle, the whole question at once, and, thei efo«-e,
I made my proposition a little more comprehen-
sive, but not different, in that respect. Any prop-
osition that looks to a continuation of the contract
system, I think to be radically wrong. 1 have con-
sidered this matter very thoroughly, and with some
experience m matters of printing; and this conclu-
sion has also been fully justified by my observa-
tion of the workings of the contiact system in Con-
gress. I have come to the conclusion that under
this contract system there will always be difficul-
ties growing up. i will not trouble the Senate with
going into the leasons which have brought me to
this -conclusion, for it would be a tedious process
to bring forward ail the facts that I have examined
on this subject. My opinion is, that in order to
have the public printing done in a proper manner
and in due time, respectable men, whom Congress
can know to have the means at hand, and to pos-
sess the requisite capital and skill, should be em-
ployed by Congress to do the work at a fixed rate.
That idea is embodied in the proposition of the
committee as well as in my own. We have as-
certained, by inquiry from the oldest and most ex-
perienced printers and publishers in this city, that
a fair rate of compensation—and the committee
were unwilling to adopt any other rate than what
would be a fair and adequate compensation for the
work done—would be a sum to be ascertained by
deducting 20 percent, from the rates paid under
the resolution of 1819. It may be, sir, that the
work can be done for something less, and the com-
mittee do not insist, with any pertinacity, upon
the precise amount fixed in the resolution. Some
amount had to be fixed, and we thought, under all
the circumstances, that would be the proper
amount. Still, if any lower rates are proposed,
under which it is certain the work can be properly
done, the committee will have no objection.
Mr. BUTLER, i am very anxious that this
matter shall assume a form upon which we can
vote. I do not rise to make any lengthened re-
marks; but it seems to me that this matter of con-
tract simply resolves itself into this: we may either
by mutual consent—Congress on the one side and
the contractors on the other—abrogate the present
contiact for the public printing, or we may take it
away from them by force, supersede them and
employ others, and leave them to their remedy. If
we do it by mutual consent, there is an end to the
contract, and we can make another with them, or
contract with others in their place. If it is taken
from them without their consent, they may make
it a matter of complaint, and claim damages for
this violent interference with their contract. My
preference is to terminate the contract by mutual
consent; not that i would excuse them for the in-
convenience they have produced, but because it is
the shortest method of terminating those inconve-
niences. You employ a carpenter to build a house;
if there is a mutual release from the terms of the
contract, the matter ends: but if you drive him off
and employ another, then he may sue you or not,
as he chooses. That is the principle. Then the
other proposition advanced by the Senator from
Arkansas is, that instead of being let out by con-
tract, the work shall be performed by certain per-
sons, to be appointed under certain fixed rates of
compensation. Now, I am somewhat inclined
myself to favor the contract system; but my friend
from At kansus, who has thoroughly examined the
subject, and for whose opinions I have the greatest
respect, thinks this to be the best way, and 1 am,
therefore, disposed to waive my views and adopt
his. These being my views, 1 am prepared to
take the vote at once.
In regard to enforcing these penalties, which the
Senator from Wisconsin seems disposed to do in
his resolution, I think that a lawsuit would be
mere litigation without any profit, except to have
litigation. It might be serviceable, as 1 have no
doubt he intends it, to be held in terroiem as an
inducement to the regard of other contracts; and
in that point of view I do not disapprove of it.
But, so far as the actual result is concerned, J
think we would get no profit from it. 1 think,
therefore, the shortest way to be the best, though
! I am reluctant to relieve contiactors in this w«y
i m any case except where it is necessarily imposed
| on us. The real question is, whether the work
j shall be given out by contract, where all may com-
pete, or whether it shall be given to Gales &
Seaton and the Union office. That is the secret
of the whole matter and the common understand- !
ing. My friend from Aikansas has told us why j
this is necessary, and it is only from the fact that ;
J any other course will afford no immediate relief!
; that I give it my vote. I was prepared to abrogate
[ the contract and allow others to do the work upon I
! such rates as the chairman of the Printing Com-
I mittee and the petsons inclined to contract for the j
| work should agree, and was about to offer an
, amendment carrying out that idea. I will not do
it, ho *Te ver, and hope the vote may at once be taken.
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. On this matter of pub-
j lie printing Congress has, for the last fifteen years,
| at various times been called upon to act. At the
1 commencement of my congressional experience it
was connected with the political press of the city.
A great many exceptions were taken to that con-
nection, and the project has been from time to
time suggested that the Government ought to have
an establishment, and employ its own agents to do
the work. For myself, I am inclined to think
that is the best mode of doing the work that could
be adopted.
As to the system of contracts to which the Sen-
ator from Arkansas objects, Congress itself is to
blame for the existence of the objection to it. It
results from this: that the Government has been
in the habit of making contracts at a very low
rate, with persons who have engaged to perform
the public labor, and then, instead of rigidly en-
forcing the contracts into which those parties may
have entered, you have let them off, and invited
petitions for compensation from them. By your
conduct here, in many cases, Government has
paid agreat deal more than the contract authorized.
The consequence of this state of things is, that it
is a fraud on the bona fide bidder, who would con-
tract at fair prices for his labor, because he is un-
derbid by some person who contracts at a rate
which he knows will not furnish remuneration,
but with the expectation of appealing to Congress
to make up the deficiency and loss that he has
sustained. Now, sir, a year or two ago we had
hundreds and thousands of dollars to pay on a
contract of this sort. The pretext in that case
was, that the cholera had affected the hands, and
perhaps there was some ground for the interpo-
sition of Congress; but that is not the only case
of the kind. My position on the Committee of
Claims has given me a knowledge of many other
cases of the kind. 1 will instance that of the New
York custom-house. The individual in that case,
who had made the contract to supply the stone and
marble for that building, lost money; he applied to
Congress, arid was remunerated; but the act for
his benefit not coming up to what he thought just
compensation, he applied again and again for ad-
ditional remuneration. These thingsareofconstant
occurrence, and result from the practice of the Gov-
ernment in allowing bidders to make contracts at
unfair rates of compensation, and afterwards un-
dertaking to pay what is just and reasonable. It
operates precisely as X have stated. It is a fraud on
the honest bidder, who puts in a bid which he ex-
pects would enable him to execute the contract.
The only remedy is a rigid adherence to the con-
tract. if we cannot get along by enforcing the con-
tracts rigidly, and obliging bidders to put in such
bids as they can live by and are able to do the
work at, then it seems to me our best remedy is
to employ some one who shall be in truth the
printer for the Government, establish a Govern-
ment press, and furnish him with funds to enable
him to do the public printing. I am satisfied
that a system of that sort, if we had time to carry-
it out, would be an immense saving to the Gov-
ernment—an immense saving on the prices al-
lowed by the resolutions of 1819. Whether it
could be execated for the present Congress, I am
not sufficiently informed to say. I suppose it
could not be; the present emergency could not
perhaps be met by a system of that sort, and we
must therefore adopt some other system for the
present. If weadoptsome other system, without
the contract now existing being executed—if we
take away the printing from the individuals who
have failed to execute their contract, it is an abro-
gation of the contract on our part on account of
their failure to fulfill it, and they will have no
remedy hereafter. Still I should prefer, if it could
j be arranged, that there should be an understanding
i with them, at the Ume the work is taken away
! from them, that this contract is to be at an end.
: There is a good deal of force in the remarks made
; by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,]
that we ought not, by this amendment, to offer a
I premium for the violation of the contract, and to
■ say in the amendment to tnese individuals, " It is
! true you have made a bad bargain; you have un-
, dertaken the work at a price which you cannot
do it, and must have known you could not do it;
and now, in consideration of that, we will pay
you what the officers of the Senate may allow to
those hereafter to be employed." That is the
state of things which I want to obviate. It is our
toleration of things of that sort that offers a pre-
mium to persons to make fraudulent bids, and thus
I to underbid and drive away individuals who would
i be willing to undertake the work at a fair price;
