1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1020
propositions are sprung on the House in this way,
on the eve of an adjournment, there is something
wrong in it. I therefore move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. MORRIS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were not ordered; and the question being
put, the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the resolution and
amendment on the table; which motion was not
agreed to.
The question was then taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question; when the vote
stood—ayes 85, noes 7—no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES moved to adjourn; which motion
was lost.
The question was again taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question, when no quorum
voted—ayes 96, noes 4.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired if the
House should adjourn, what would bethecondition
of this business ?
TheSPEAKER replied, that the resolution hav-
ing come up under a suspension of the rules, it
would be the first thing in order in the morning.
And then the House adjourned.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. TAYLOR gave notice that he should ask
leave to introduce a bill to grant to the State of
Ohio all the unsold public lands in the southern
part of that State, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads therein named.
PETITION.
The following petition was presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committee:
By Mr. MORTON : The memorial of 157 citizens of Penn-
sylvania, pia.vmg that Congress, m establishing territorial
governments, should not di?enminaie between the citizens
of the different States, but admit all, with every kind of
property; and, also, that Congress should not abolish sla-
very in the District of Columbia.
IN SENATE.
Monday, September 23, 1850.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Robert
Piatt, asking for compensation for services as a
Deputy Commissary of Purchases during the war
of 1812; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives No. 338, being the act
to provide for carrying into execution in further
part the twelfth article of the treaty with Mexico
concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo, reported back
the same' without amendment, and recommended
its passage; and gave notice that he would call it
up to-morrow.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition of Ed-
ward Tracey and others, praying an extension of
the act for the relief of J. P. B Gratiot and the
legal representatives of H. Gratiot to all persons
who paid mineral rent, submitted an adverse re-
port on the same.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit to
the Senate, if not inconsistent with the public interest, a
copy of the correspondence between the Department of State
andthe Turkish Government on the subject of the Hungarian
exiles.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolution,
which was read and ordered to a second reading:
Resolved, That there be allowed and paid to Jacob Dod-
BOn the same extra compensation that was paid to the la-
borers at the last session of Congress; and that there be
paid to Hemy Dodsun, an extialaborer, the sum of fifty dol-
lars. .
Mr. NORRIS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and referred to the Committee
of Claims:
Resolved, That tlie Committee of Claims be authorized to
employ a clerk annually, whose duties, as said committee
shall direct, shall be the same as now performed by the eierk
of the Committee of Claims of the House of Representatives,
until otherwise ordered by the Senate : to be paid by the
Secretary of the Senate out of the contingent fund such
compensation'as shall be fixed by the committee, not ex-
ceeding that allowed to engrossing clerks ot the Senate.
CLERK OF THE PRESIDENT PRO TEM.
The following resolution came up on the ques-
tion of its third reading:
" Resolved, That the eierk to the President pro tempore
be continued dining the recess of Congress at the same per
diem compensation as heretofore allowed."
The "resolution having been read, the-question
was stated to be upon its passage.
' Mr. TURNEY. I do" not see the necessity to
continue this officer. An officer of this sort was
first granted to the presiding officer a few years
age, on account of his defective eyesight, he being
unable to see well enough to perform his own
writing. I cannot perceive the importance "or ne-
cessity of continuing this clerk during the recess
of Congress, even if there should be one during
the sessions of Congress; and, unless some good
reason be given for it, I hope the resolution will
not beadoptod. This is one of those abuses which
were mentioned by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance the other day, which are never
corrected. I hope the mover of this resolution
will give some explanation of it.
Mr. BADGER. I think my friend from Ten-
nessee will perceive that this resolotion is a proper
one. It is not to be expected that the presiding
officer of the Senate should have the services of
his clerk suspended the instant the Senate ad-
journs, and that he should not have any person
during the recess, either for the few days he may
be here, or the few days he may come here before
the next (now near at hand) session of Congress,
to perform any of those duties he may require in
his office. This resolution extends to nothing be-
yond this particular recess, wb*ich will be a very
short one. The presiding officer of the Senate re-
quires and ought to have such a clerk. And I
submit that a proper and decent regard for our-
selves requires that this resolution should be
adopted.
Mr. TURNEY. The argument of the Senator
from North Carolina does not satisfy my mind. I
do not suppose that the presiding officer would
wish to carry a private secretary with him when
he leaves the cify.
Mr. BADGER, (to' Mr. Turney.) How do
you know he will go home ?
Mr. TURNEY. If he does not go home, I do
not see what use he can make of a private secre-
tary after the adjournment of Congress. I am
unwilling to create this precedent. I regret that
the office was created in the first instance. 1 had
two reasons for not opposing there solution which
created the office in the first place. One was that
the then presiding officer was so near-sighted that
he could not see to do his own writing. The
other was that he was a political opponent. If the
then presiding officei had been a political friend, I
should have opposed the creation of such an of-
fice for him, as being uselessly extravagant and
aristocratic. I move to lay the resolution on the
table.
The motion was rejected.
The question the recurred on the passage of the
resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I am very well satisfied that the
correspondence of the President of the Senate, if
it at all compares with the correspondence of any
member of the Senate, must be so great as to re-
quire the assistance and labor of an amanuensis or
secretary. And I am very happy on this occasion
to be able to reciprocate the courtesy extended by
the Senator from Tennessee when this office was
first created. He was silent on that occasion, be-
cause the then incumbent of the chair was a polit-
ical opponent. I will now support this resolution,
as a return for his courtesy.
The resolution was passed,
HICJCEY'S EDITION OF THE CONSTITUTION.
The following resolution came up in its order,
and was read a thud time:
"Retained, That the Secretary be directed to procure from
the proprietor for the use of the Senate, ten thousand copies
of Hiekey's edllion of the Constitution, with an alphabetical
analysis, Washington's Inaugural and Farewell Addresses,
and other important statistical matter illustrative of the ge-
nius of the American Government, and Hie development of
its principles ; Proudetl, that they be furnished at the same
price as those last procured for the use of the Senate."
The question was then stated to be upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. ATCHISON. This resolution is for the
purchase of ten thousand copies of the Constitu-
tion. My recollection is, that we have ordered
twenty or thirty thousand copies of this work be-
fore, at different sessions. 1 do not know the ex-
act number; but I know that I have got tired of
II franking and distributing these books. If this
resolution has any other object than merely to
purchase the book for the benefit of the vender, I
cannot perceive it. For any such purpose, I am
unwilling to vote.
Mr. BADGER. The object of purchasing these
books is very obvious. It is to circulate them
among our constituents; and I know of no book
which either House of Congress has at any time
circulated which is so valuable, and so generally
acceptable, and so much desired by our constitu-
ents as this very book. I hope, therefore, the
resolution will be adopted.
Mr. ATCHISON. I fully admit the value of
this work. I think I have given evidence of it by
voting for the purchase of some twenty or thirty
thousand copies of it before.
Mr. BADGER. Oh, no; we have never pur-
chased but fourteen thousand copies of it.
Mr. ATCHISON. Very well; fourteen thou-
sand copies will answer for my purpose. I ac-
knowledge the value of the book. I have voted
for it heretofore, for the benefit of the gentleman
who compiled the book. But it strikes me that
the Constitution of the United States is now more
generally diffused, and more easily obtained, than
any other book whatsoever. It prefaces the con-
stitution of every State in the Union; it is a part
of the digest of the laws of every State itt this
Union; and it is to be had, I presume, at every
bookstore in the Union.
Who will get these books, if we purchase these
ten thousand copies ? They must be distributed
among twenty millions of people. Only a favored
few will receive them. Like all other documents
printed for distribution, they will fall into the hands
of the favored few. Perhaps not one man in five
hundred will receive a copy of this book. The
distribution of all these books is very partial. I
think it is time now to stop this book business.
I thought we had done with it. I thought this
business had been stopped by a large, a very large
vote given at this session. I thought that our re-
fusal to purchase the work of Aaron H. Palmer
would put an end to this system of purchasing
books for distribution. I ask the yeas and nays
on the passage of this resolution, that I may
record my vote against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. As the yeas and nays have been
called, I desire to record my vote in favor of this
resolution. We pay ten times what this work
will cost in printing and distributing much inferior
documents. If Congress never goes into extrava-
gance till it does it in circulating the Constitution
of the United States among the people, we shall
be a very economical Government, indeed.-
Mr. GWIN. As the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Atchison] is tired of franking these books, I
will relieve him of that trouble, if he will only
furnish me with the books. My country has not
had these books, and we want our share.
Mr. WALKER. I believe this book has done
more good than all the other books that Congress
has ever printed. I have received letters even
from persons in favor of the abolition of the frank-
ing privilege—and I have received a great many
letters on that subject—that have seen this work,
who say that if the Government would put that
book in the hands of everjf citizen of the United
States, it would be a benefit; and the post office
might well be made to bear the burden of trans-
porting it. It has been made an exception, I be-
lieve, in every letter 1 have received on the sub-
ject of the franking privilege, and I have received
some violent ones on that subject. It seems to be
a favorite work. I believe I can say that in Wis-
consin it has had a good effect on the sentiments
and political opinions of the people, and has in-
troduced a high feeling of patriotism wherever it
has been read.
Mr. SEWARD, (jocularly.) I suppose this is
one of the great measures of " pacification."
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not wish to be under-
stood as depreciating the value of this book. Not
by any means. But it is now said, that of all the
documents Congress has ever printed for distribu-
tion, this is the most valuable. I admit it. But
this purchasing of books is an abuse. The argu-
ment is that this is not a great abuse; but I con-
tend the whole system is an abuse. I admit that
this is, perhaps, the least abuse that attaches to
the system of buying and distributing books, for
I believe it is the most valuable work we have ever
distributed. But I am unwilling even to distribute
