1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to lay the joint
resolution on the table.
Mr. BAYLY rose to inquire of the Chair,
whether that motion was debatable?
The SPEAKER said, it was not debatable. It
was a motion to reconsider a motion to lay on the
table, and the original motion not being debata-
ble, therefore, the present motion was not.
Mr. JOKES rose to inquire, whether his col-
league, [Mr. Stanton,] who made this motion,
had voted yesterday in favor of the motion to lay
the joint resolution on the table?
Mr. STANTON. No, I voted against the mo-
tion to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman voted with
the majority.
Mr. JONES said, he understood that this reso-
lution was now upon the Speaker's table. If the
House should reconsider the vote by which it re-
fused to lay the joint resolution on the table, would
the effect be to bring the resolution before the
House ?
The SPEAKER (turning to the other side of
the House, and who, therefore, was doubtfully
heard) said, the effect would depend upon the ac-
tion of the House. A motion had been made to lay
the joint resolution on the table. The House had
refused to lay it upon the table; and, by this ac-
tion, theresolution had taken itsplace in the regular
order of business on the Speaker's table. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] now
moved to reconsider the vote refusing to lay the
resolution on the table. If the House refused to
reconsider the vote, the question would not be af-
fected at all. The resolution would still be on the
Speaker's table. If the House should reconsider
the vote, the joint resolution would then be before
the House, and the question would recur on the
motion that the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, addressed
an inquiry to the Chair, in reply to which,
The SPEAKER said, if the motion to recon-
sider should not prevail, the joint resolution will
remain on the Speaker's table.
Mr THOMPSON. If the motion does prevail,
and the question should be taken on laying the
joint resolution on the table, and that motion should
not prevail  
The SPEAKER. Then the joint resolution
will be before the House for its action.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House had refused to lay the resolution on the
table.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, and
the Speaker having, in reply to a request of Mr.
Preston King, again stated the question,
Mr. BAYLY moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES asked for the yeas and nays.
On a division, 27 members voted in favor of the
demand, and 112 against it.
Tellers (Messrs. McMullen, of Virginia, and
King, of Rhodejsland) were ordered.
And the count having been again taken, 38
voted in favor of thfe yeas and nays, and 94 against
them.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, "Shall the motion to reconsider
the resolution be laid upon the table t" was then
taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 71, nays
94; as follows:
YE\S Alhortson, Aslir, Averett, Bay, Bayly,
Binguam, ISi'-cll, Bowdoii, 13n\vun, Boyd, Altiert G.
Brown, William J. Brown, Joseph C.U.le, W. R. W. Cobb,
Colcock, Daniel, Dunham, Hwing, Fullm, Gerry, Gorman,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Haialson, I. G. Harris, S. W.
Harris, T. L. Harris, Hibliard, Huagland. Holl.dav,Howard,
Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Leffii r, Litrlfcfielri, Ma^ttn, MeUlernand, MeDowrll,
McLanalian, McMullen, McQueen, McWillw, Milton,
Orr, Peaslee, Peek, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richardson,
Itos* Savnge, Sawtelle, A. H. Stephens, Slelson, Sweetser,
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B.Thompson, Tnnuibs,
Wallace, Wellborn, YV'ildrick, Wood, and Woodward—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Al.-ton, Andrews,
Bocock, Booth, Bowie, Briags, Brooks, Buel, Burrows,
Chreter Butler, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Clarke, Clevi land, Clingman, Conge., Corwm,
Crowd), Deb- rrv, Dickev, Dimrmek, Dixon, Doty, Du-r,
Duncan, Dwkec, Alex. Evans, Frlch, Fowler, Fiet.dley,
Gentrv, Goodenow, Gould. Hallow^y, Ham iton, Harlan,
Ilavniond.H liard, Henry, Houston, Howe, W. T. Jaclfcon,
K-'rr, Dan. 1'. King, Geo G. King, J A. King, Matteson,
McDonald, McOnualiey, McKu&ock, Robert M. McLane,
Moore Morehead, Morse, Nelson, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman,
Putnam, Reed, Risley, liobbms, Kockwul), Koot, Rose,
Rumsey, Schermtrhorn, Sliepperd, Silvester, fcpaalding,
Sprague, Stanly, F. P. Stanton, it. H. Stanton, Strong",
Taylor, James Thompson, William Thompson, Tliur man,
Tuek, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vniton, Watkins, YVenfwcirlh,
White, William^, Wilson, and Wiuthrop—94.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid upon
the table.
The question then recurred on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Wholeon the
state of the Union. „
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
The question being taken, the House refused to
adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BROOKS. Is not this another way of
killing this joint resolution to-day as it was killed
yesterday?
Mr. BAYLY. It is for the House to decide
whether it will proceed with the indispensable pub-
lic business, or whether it will set it aside to take
up this visionaiy project.
The SPEAKER. All remarks are out of
order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
yeas and nays on the motion to go ltro Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union; which
were ordered.
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 72, nays 86; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Albert.son, Averett, Bay, Bayly, Bingham,
Bit-sell, Booth, liowUon, Bowlin, Boyd, William J. Brown,
Joseph Cable, Clingman, Williamson ft. W. Cobb, Daniel,
Dunham, Ewmjr, Fuller, Gerry, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond,Hauilton, Ishdin G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Hariis, HiUUaid, iioagland, Hoi iday, Howard,
Ihibbaid, luge, .Andrew Johnson, ,K W. Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Kautman, Preston King, Leliier, Littleheld, Mat-on,
MeClemaitd, McDonald, McDowell, MeLanuhan, RobettM.
McLane, McUueen, McvVtlhe,Millsun. Olds, Orr, Peaslue,
Potiei, Richardson, Bobbins, Ross, Savage, Savvtelle, A, H.
Stephens, Stet&on, sSweelser, Thomas. Jacob Thompson,
J.une? Thompson, Toombs, Walden, Wallace, Wellborn,
Wtirliick, IVihtiOt, and Wood—7-2.
KAY?4—Messrs Alexander, Allen, Alston, Ashe, Bocock,
Bowie, Btu^s, Biooks, Bui rows, Cliestei Butler, Joseph P.
Cnl well, Calvin, Campbell, Cn«ey, Cnandlor, Clarke, Cleve-
land, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Debeny, Dicker, Diminiek,
Di.\on, Doly, Duer, Duncan, DurUee, Alexander ISvans,
Filch, fowler, Freedley, Gently, Goudeuow, Gould, Hallo-
way, Jl.itnpton, Hailan, Hay tnond, ilebard, Henry. Houston,
Howe, William T. Jackson, Kerr, Daniel i'. King, George
G. King, John A. King, i\Iatte on, MeGaughey, iVlcKHsoek,
Moore, Morr-e, Morton, NU=on, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman, Put-
nam, Meed, Risley, Rockwell,Root, i&imsey, Sehenneihoin,
iShepperd, Silvester, Spauldmg, Sprague, Stanly, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. fctamon, Suong, Taylor, John B.
Thompson, Thuimart, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wat-
kins, Wentworth, White, Williams, Wilson, Winthrop,and
Woodwaid—bb.
So (he House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House for the
consideration of the private caienuar; and on that
motion he demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTO.N, of Tennessee, made the point,
that the motion of his colleague [Mr. Thomas]
was not now in order. The motion to reconsider,
which he (Mr, S.) had made a short time since
being a privileged motion, took precedence of this,
and must be disposed of before the motion of his
colleague could be put to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order takes
precedence of any motion that may be made,
but that motion having been rejected, and this
being private bill day, the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Thomas] id m oidcr, and
will take precedence of the motion of the gentle-
man, [Mr. Stanton.]
Mr. STANTON. The point which I make in
addition is, that the census bill b< ing the special
order overrides the regular order for private bills,
and that the House, having refused to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the special order, my motiorr, which is a privileged
motion, is next m order.
The SPEAKER.. It is very true that the
special order overrides the regular oider in case
the House go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and the motion to go into
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union
has precedence; but if the House refuse to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the motion to go into Committee of,the Whole
House on the private calendar has precedence o?er
the motion of the gentleman. , < ;
The SPEAKER announced the question On Mr.
Thomas's motion. , '
Mr. THOMAS demanded the yeas nay's.
The question \vas taken on ordering the yeas
and nays, and thejr were demanded by one-fifth
of the members voting—the whole number being
114.
The SPEAKER stated that the yeas and naya
were ordered.
Mr. KAUFMAN. No quorum has voted, I
believe.
The SPEAKER. Nor is a quorumfnecessaly.
The question on going into Committee of the
Whole House was theft taken, and the vote re-
sulted—yeas 60, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Averetr, Bayly, Bing-
ilton, Hammond, Haralson, Sampson W. H,irri>, Thomas
L. Harris, Hibbard, Holliday, Howard, Hubbard, Andrew
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, La Sfcie,
Leffier, LittJefield, Mason, MeCJernauu, McDonald, McDow-
ell, McLanahan, McLane, McQueen, McWilhe, Millson,
Morton, Old ,Peaslee, Phelps, Richardson, Bobbins, Ro$e,
Savage. Stetbon, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Wal-
lace, VVildrick, Wilmot, and Wood—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Alston, Andrews, Ba-
ker, Bocock, Booth, Bowie, Briggs, Biooks, Burrows, Ches-
ter Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Chandler, Clarke,
Cleveland, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Deberry, Dickey,
Dnniuick, Dixon, Doty, Duer, Duncan, Durkee, Alexander
Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedley, Giddings,Goodenow, Goul<1a
Httlloway, Hampton, Harlan, Hebard, Henry, Hoagland,
Houston, Howe, William T. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, Darnel P.
King, George G. King, John A.King, Proston King,Matteson,
MeGauirhey, Moore, Nelson, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman, Potter,
Putnam, Reed, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Ro^e, Rumbey,
Scheimerhorn, Sliepperd, Silve>ter, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexan-
der H. Stephens, Strong, Taylor, James Thompson, Wil-
liam Thompson, Tlmrman, Tuck, Uunderhill, Van Dyke,
Vinton, Walden, Watkins, Wentwoth, White, Williams,
Wilson, Winthrop, and Woodward—91.
So the House refused to resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the W hoie House on the private calendar.
FRANKLIN EXPEDITION.
The SPEAKER announced that the question
now recurred upon the motion of Mr. Stanton,
to reconsider the vote by which the House had
refused to lay the resolution relative to the Frank-
lin expedition on the table; on which motion the
yeas and nays had been ordered.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired if the
effect of this motion would not be to lay the reso-
lution on the table?
The SPEAKER replied, that he had already
stated, if the House refused to reconsider, the/es-
olution would lie on the table. If the House did
reconsider, the question would then iecur upon the
motion to lay on the table 
Mr. JONES (interposing) addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER, (continuing.) But the proper
time to decide the point of order would be after
the question is taken on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. McLANE suggested that the House might
have been voting upon the opinion of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has merely staled
his opinion, but it is not binding upon the House,
or upon the Chair, if the Chair, upon further ex-
amination, shall have reason to decide otherwise
when the point of order comes up, the proper time
for which will be when the motion to reconsider
shall have been disposed of.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 86, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Al.-ton, Baker, Bocock,
Booth, Bovuijj Brings, Brooks, Buel, Bunows, Chester
Butler, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Clarke,
Cleveland, Clnigxnan, Co.^er, Corwni, CroweJI, Deberry,
Dickey, Dnmnick, Dixon, Doty, Dtier, Duncan, Durkee,
Alexander Evans, Filch, Fowler, Freedley, G'uodennw,
GrrnM, ITcitlmvay, Hampton, Harlan, Havmond, Hebard,
Hern v, Houston, Howe, William T. Jackson. Kerr, Darnel
P. Kmu, George G. Kins, John A- Kmc, La Sere, Matteson,
M<-Gau hev, Moore, Morton, Neidon, Otis, Outlaw, Pitman,
Potter, Putnam, Reed, Risley, Rockwell, Root, Rose, Rum-
peVjSehermerhorn, Shepperd, Silvester, Spauldmg, Sprngue,
Stanley, Frederick P. Stanton, Rrchaid II, Stantor^Stiong,
Taylor, James Thompson, Thurman, Underbill, Van Dyke,
Viuton, Walden, Watkins, Wentworth, White, Williams,
Wilson,and Wmthiop—&>.
NAYS—-Messrs. Alb^ruon, As-he, Averett, Bayly, Boale,
Bingham, Bissrll, Bow don, Bowim, B.>\ d, \. G. Brown, W,
J. Brown, Joseph Cabl*-, W. R W Cobb, Daniel. Dunham,
Swing, Fuller, G*?rry, Goiman, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Haralson, Sampson VV. Haiiie,Thomas L.Ham , fiibhurd,
Holliday, Howard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Julian, Kauf-
man,"Preston King, Lutleneld, Mason, M.-Clernand, Mc-
Donald. McDowell, McLanahan,R. M. McLane, McQueen,
McWillie, Millson, Orr, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Robbma,
