1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm'
made, he expects to be abfe to run1 a- car on a rail-
road of ten or twelve horse power, and that he
will actually run it. The $40,000 is for a larger
experiment—an experiment either upon a ship
employed in carrying merchandise or upon a ship
of war, and he has reduced it to the smallest
amount sufficient for that purpose. ^
The amendment of this session differs only from
the one which I offered a year ago, and which
"was adopted last session by both Houses of Con-
gress, in authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
compensate Professor Page for his personal labor,
on condition of his giving his whole time to the
experiments. He tells me that if that is done he
will resign his clerkship and devote his whole time
to it; but if that is not done he has to support his
family and must retain his clerkship, and can only
give his evenings, after six hours' work in the Pat-
ent Office, to it.
Mr. President, the experiments of Professor
Pag;© have been subjected to every kind of test.
Mechanics haveexamined them, scientiScmen have
examined them, and they have been the subject of
an examination in an assemblage of scientific men
at JNew Haven, in Connecticut, a short time since.
. On that occasion Professor Silliman, the elder, so
well known to the scientific world, stated a very
remarkable fact with respect to Professor Page.
He said, "That some fifteen years ago Dr. Page,
8 then quitfc a youth, brought to his laboratory a
* miniature model of his engine, ancTthat he (Pro-
* feasor S.) indulged at that time high hopes of this
* invention. From the great progress made in so
'short a time, and from what he now saw and
' heard, he believed great results would flow from
<it."
Mr. President, it was, I believe, the great Sir
isaac Newton who, speakingof his own discovery,
and those of other eminent men, said that it was a
great mistake to suppose that any ffreat discoverer
or great inventor conceived all at once, or discov-
ered all at once, the great principle or the great ob-
ject for which he was in search; but that he began
with having a mere glimmering of it, a dubious
view of something, which, being pursued, ex"
panded and matured until vast results flowed from
„it. That seems to have been the case with Pro-
fessor Page, who, fifteen years ago, when a mere
boy, carried his invention to Professor Silliman,
and then excited hopes in Professor Silliman's
mind which he is proud to say are now wholly con-
firmed.
Professor Johnson remarked that—
" Professor Pa^e bad paid too much for his zinc, and that
his horse-power ought to be {en cents instead of twenty
cents. At all events, a great advance had been made; for
in Europe the cost of this power has been fixed at fifty times
that of steam under the most favorable circumstances; that
is the highest price of steam and the lowest of magnetic
|>ower."
Professor Page has brought them down to about
equal, ami when everything else is considered it
will be infinitely the cheapest.
I refer to one single case now, and that is in dis-
pensing with the use of these chimneys, which run
up from every steamboat, which entirely prevent
- their being employed in some places on account of
bridges, and in others produce great inconvenience.
If this power was used, there would be no such
obstacle. Professor Johnson went on to remark
that it was free from the dangers attending the use
of steam. Professor Henry, well known to us all,
the secretary of the Smithsonian Institution—
" Said he had witnessed with great interest Dr. Page's ex-
periments before the Smithsonian Institution,and wasmueti
d'-lighted with the ingenuity exhibited in overcoimnz diffi-
cnltips heretofore existing. Dr. Page had produced by far
the most powerini electro-magnetic engine ever made within
his knowledge."
We may say, then, that it is the most powerful
in the world; for I believe that Professor Henry
knows all that there are in the world. Professor
Pierce, of Harvard University—
" Said that thi-s mode of measuring the power was entirely
correct, and the best that could have been adopted by Dr.
Page for the purpose. It was better than raising a weight,
as it enabled him to work his engine for several hours under
the loiri, and thereby'ascertain the cost. It was the mode
most commonly practiced for measuring the power of en-
gines. Re felt astonishment and great delight at the results
obtained by Dr. Pa«e. It was truly a great result to raise
three hundred pounds of iron by magnetism through such a
distance, and keep it in such rapid motion. This experi-
ment alone earned conviction."
I will state, Mr. President, that I was one of
the committee to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Professor Morse, at the time that he ap-
plied to Congress for some assistance to enable
him to complete his experiment for the electro-
magnetic telegraph; that wonderful piece of ma-
chinery, which is now spread over the continent,
which goes from the Atlantic high up on the Mis-
souri, and which strikes the Mississippi at various
points, from its mouth to near the Falls of St.
Anthony; that great machinery was then exhibited
in one of the committee rooms of this Capitol.
We saw it in its seminal principle in the commit-
tee room, and although I was one of those who
concurred in the report that the Government
should extend to Professor Morse §30,000 for the
purpose of enabling him to make his experiments,
yet I had no idea at that time that piece of ma-
chinery, worked over the committee room, was
to be worked over the entire continent, and to en-
able us to converse with each other at a distance
. of thousands of miles. Congress gave the §30.000,
and the result is known. We ask now for
$40,000 to make a trial of this great power on a
scale commensurate to the business purposes of
life, to commerce, and to war.
Mr. CASS, This Subject was up, not merely
in connection with this point, but generally, some
year or two ago; and then I entertained an inten-
tion, which I regret I did not follow up, to call
on the Executive Government for a statement of
the sums expended in abortive experiments. I
believe it would be found to amount to a fearful
sum. I am utterly opposed to the policy, though
I am ready to acknowledge the value of the ex-
periment. I trust that it will prove successful;
but I believe the Government should be the last
agent to interfere with these matters, and that
they should be left to individual enterprise. If
we are to meddle in this case, why not in every
other by which science and the arts are to be pro-
moted ? It is not one of the functions of the Gov-
ernment. If the- idea shall be carried into effect,
let it be patented; and if we desire to avail our-
selves of it we can pay for it, as others would.
Let it be left to individual enterprise, where it may
be most safely left.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I doubt very
much the propriety, and indeed the power, to make
such an appropriation. I doubted its propriety
when the first appropriation was made, it will be
seen that the increase of the appropriation asked
for is quite as rapid as the increase of the power
described by the Senator from Missouri. Twenty
thousand dollars was first given for experiments,
and $40,000 is asked now to carry them out; and
the next session, perhaps, §80,000 will be asked to
apply them. Where does Congress get the power
to make this appropriation? for that is the question
we should ask ourselves in the exercise of our le-
gislative power over any subject. It is surely not
in the Constitution, and I know no other source of
power to which Congress can apply. The Con-
stitution gives Congress power " to promote the
progress of science and useful arts, by securing,
for limited times, to authors and inventors the ex-
clusive right to their respective writings and dis-
coveries." That was the whole grant of the Con-
stitution. To carry out that grant we established
a Patent Office, and grant patents and copyiights,
and the exclusive right to books and discoveries.
But, sir, the proposition of the Senator from Mis-
souri is to make this Government, not the guar-
dian of the lights of authors and discoverers, but
the patron of arts and inventions. We are to run
the hazard of the utility of a supposition of some
inventor, and appropriate the money, without the
possibility of deriving that benefit from it which
every capitalist requires in his own case. Indeed,
I see no limit. The Senator from Missouri very
graphically described the thirsty craving of the
sand that was going to drink up the water drawn
from the reservoirs on the Ohio; but the thirst of j
the sand would be quenched when kept covered
with water, and they would not demand further
drink; but how, and in what mode, can we sup-
press the constant uprising of inventors to demand
appropriations from Congress? It may come to
pass that speculating men, chevaliers d'industrie,
will seek it as a mode of drawing money from the
Treasury, without any expectation that their ex-
periments would succeed. Are we to sit here as a
body of examiners, to ascertain the merits and to
decide upon the probability of each proposition
submitted, and determine whether we shall ad-
vance money upon it or not ? Surely this would
be diverting us from our legitimate course; and
surely, too, the whole matter is in direct violation
of the constitutional provision. Bat, as' to the.
question of merit, I deny nothing- to Professor
Page for any invention or discovery which I mp-.
pose he may claim; but it must be recollected that"
this invention was familiar to the country-some
years ago, when an obscure blacksmith, I think,
from Vermont exhibited a little model machine in.
the various cities in the northeastern part of the
United States. As long ago as the winter of 1837,
I saw it worked by this very mode of "applying
electro-magnetic power. But, sir, there is another1
idea; and the public press, in recent articles, must
have attracted the attention of every Senator to it.
A young man, known a few years ago very favor-
ably as an artist and painter of portraits and his-
torical pieces, has for years been experimenting
upon this same subject. He has made an engine
in Baltimore; and, if we may credit the statement
in regard to it, he has obtained a higher power
than has Professor Page. Poor and friendless, he
yet struggled alone, and against Professor Page-
with an appropriation of $20,000 from the Gov-
ernment to aid him. Some time ago he filed his
caveat in the Patent Office for his invention, and
since then he has been perfecting it, with a view
to obtain a patent. Now, he tias at least the-right
to ask from Congress " hands off;" and that, in
this fair struggle between rival genius, he may, be
allowed, poor and without aid, to enter the contest
with Professor Page to the final goal of a patent.
If Congress, however, shall decide to make this*
appropriation, I claim tbat he shall be put on an
equality; but I make no such claim now, for I am
opposed to the whole principle of voting money
for any specits of experiments, and particularly at
this time, when we see that the first abuse leads to
such results.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to say but a word.
Professor Page, m the year 1839, got about as
far, I believe, as any other experimenter has
yet gone. He has since abandoned the princi-
ple upon which he was acting then, and adopted
another, in which, I apprehend, he has gone
further than any one has yet gone; and it is
one which makes the results of what he is now
doing far beyond in value anything that could
be derived m value from the old principle. The
old way is described ia Professor Silliman's
Journal for 1839. But, without going into that
matter, I may say that Professor Page had long
had this thing before Congress—long enough to
have enabled every member and the whole public
to have judged of it for themselves. Before the
appropriation was asked at the last session, he
exhibited his engine in this city to everybody. A
committee of Congress was appointed to go and
ex-.mine it, and upon the report of that committee
$20,000 was appropriated. Since that time he has
carried on bis experiments under the supervision
of the Secretary of the Navy, so that everything
he has been doing .since that time has been sub-
jected to the eye of authority, and that authority
an officer of the Government. Besides that, he has
on all occasion's submitted his experiments to the
examination of every member of Congress who
might choose to go and look at them. has
therefore brought forward his invention in a way
to claim the highest sanction that could be claimed
for it. With respect to future appropriations, the
amendment itself is distinct and specific. What
is now asked is, to try the experiment upon a scale
commensurate with some of the great purposes of
life. The §40,000 is to prepare a vessel and apply-
that power to it, and run it, if it can be run, so as
to decide the question. And I think the magni-
tude of the object requires that it should be placed
beynnd a doubt one way or the other.
Mr. DICKINSON. I rise to state a fact, and to
ask a vote on this question. I have just received
I a letter from one of my constituents in New York,
whose character is well vouched for, asking me to
endeavor to get an appropriation for him for ex-
periments in a valuable invention and discovery he
has made in regard to steam engines. He cites
the fact that Professor Page received an appropua-
tion of $20,000 last year, as a precedent for the
appropriation which he asks to be made to him-
SCMr. FOOTE. Aft.er what my colleague has
said, I deem it unnecessary to go elaborately into
this subject. I certainly concur with him in every-
thing he has said, both as regards the impolicy of
this appropriation, and the merits of one of our
^constituents, of whom he has spoken so favorably.
