832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26.
Ross, Savage, SawteHe, Stetson, Swe^fser, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Wdlwm Thompson, Wdilace, Wellborn,
Wifdnek, and Woud—52.
So the House a*ieed to reconsider the vote by
which they had refused tp lay ihe joint resolution
on the table.
-The SPEAKER announced that the question
recurred upon the original motion to lay the joint
resolution on the tabie.
Mr. JOjNES rose, he said, to a question of or-
der.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Ten-
nessee will state his point of order.
Mr. JONES proceeded to state his point of
order. He said, on yesterday the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr. Stanton]
reported this joint resolution. A motion was
made to lay that resolution on the table; that
motion failed; my colleague [Mr. Savage] then
obtained the floor and offered an amendment, and
was about to proceed to discuss the merits of that
resolution and amendment when he was deprived
of the floor by a privileged question, the motion
to £0 into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the consideration of the special
order of the day; the Speaker stating at that time
that he would be entitled to the floor when that
resolution should again come before the House.
By the adoption of the motion to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
pending question being on the engrossment of the
joint resolution, passed from before the House and
took its place on the Speaker's table, to be taken
up in its order when the House should proceed to
the business on the Speaker's table. To-day a
motion was made to reconsider the vote by which
the House refused to lay this resolution on the
tabie; the Speaker, as I understand, decided that the
reconsideration of that vote brought this resolution
from its place on the Speaker's table again before
the House. Prom that decision of the Speaker I
appeal; and if it is not—like a great many other
questions not debatable—I wish to state some
few reasons why I think the Speaker's decision
incorieot.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the appeal is not debatable. It partakes of the
character of the original motion to lay on the table,
and th t is not debatable.
Mr. JONES. Then what will become of the
question of the right of my colleague [Mr. Savage]
to the finer?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question at the proper time. The only question
now is, whether the effect of the motion to recon-
sider is to bring the bill before the House. The
Chair decided that the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to lay the joint
resolution on the table would bring the bill be/ore
the House; and that the motion now recurs upon
the motion to lay the joint resolution on the table.
The foots were correctly stated by the gentleman
from Tennessee: this resolution, when the Hotise
yestetday resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, went, in the
opinion of the Chair, to the Speaker's table. The
motion to reconsider, however, is a privileged mo-
tion. Jt piopobes to reconsider the action of the
House preceding the time when the gentleman
fiom Tc-nnessee [Mr. Savage] obtained the floor.
Mr. JOKES interposed, and said lie had under-
stood the Speaker to decide that the appeal was
not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has the right to
state his decision to the House, and the grounds
of ihat decision.
The Chair (ihe Speaker continued) was stating
to the House that the motion was to reconsider
the action of the House at a stage of the question
preceding; the time when the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Savage] made his motion to amend,
and when the joint resolution passed from the con-
sideration of the House. The decision of the
Chair is, that the motion to reconsider being de-
cided affirmatively, the question immediately recurs
upon the motion which was reconsidered. The
Chair has not had an opportunity to examine all ji
the precedents; but as far as lie has been able to >
look into them, during the pendency of this ques-
lion, (having been notified, that an appeal would ii
be taken,) he finds that in every instance where a j:
motion to reconsider has been passed in the affirm-
ative, the question immediately recurred upon the \
question reconsidered. ii
The question is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative, without a division.
So the decision of the Speaker was sustained,
and the question upon the motion- to lay on the
table was decided to be in order at this time.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
this motion.
Mr. MCMULLEN" demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JONES stated that the yeas and nays were
ordered yesterday, and inquired if the vote to re-
consider did not bring the question back before
the House in the same state as it was—with the
yeas and nays ordered ?
The SPEAKER said that, in his opinion, the
order for the yeas and nays had been exhausted,
and it would be necessary for the House to order
them again, if they were taken.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, were—yeas 53, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albeit?.on, Ashe, Avereit, Bayly, Beale,
Bingham. Bovvlin, Boyd, A. G. Brown, W. J. Brown, J.
Cable, W. R. W. Coin), C-'Icock, Daniel, Dunham, Ewing,
Fuller, Gejry, Gorman, Hall, H.umlfon, Hammond, Har.il-
pon, I&harn G Ham.-, Sampson W. Harris, Thorn is L.
Harris, Hibbard, Hoaglaud, JJolliday, Howard, Jones, Kauf-
man, Proton Kin«, LitiU-ritld, McLaiiahau, McMullen,
Mc-Qnten, Mc Willie, MriUon, Phelps, Richardson, Ross,
Savage, Pawtelie, Stei^on, Sweetser, Jacob Thompson,
Willi.im Thompson, Wallace, Wellborn, Wddrick, Wood,
and Woodwaid— 3
VAYS— M( s>rs. Alexander, Alston, Andrews, Baker, Ben-
nett, Uncock, Booth, Bovvdon, Bowie, Brings, Brooks, Bur-
tows, C. Butler, J. 1'. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, (Ja^ey,
Chandler, Clai ke, Cleveland, CliHginan, Conger, Corvvm,
Debeirv, Dickey, Diuimiek, Dixon, Doty. Duer, Duncan,
Durkee, A. Evans, Pitch, Fowler, Freedley, Goodenow,
tJould, Halloway, Hampton, Harlan, Havmond, Hebaict,
Henry, Hou-noo, Howe, Kerr, Daniel P. King, George G.
Kins', J. A King, La S&re, Leffler, Mattesou. McClei nand,
Robert M. McLatie, Moore, Morton, Nelson, Orr, Otis, Out-
taw, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Ri-ley, Rohhms,
Rockwell, Hoot, Rose, Ruuis-ey, Sehermerhorn, School-
craft, Shepperd, Siivc ter, Spalding, Sprague, Stanly, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. St-inton. Strong, Taylor,
Thurman, Tuck, (Jwletlull, Van Dvke, Vinton, Waldeti,
Watkins, Wentworth, White, Williams, Wilson, and Win-
throp—M.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolution
on the table.
Mr. SAVAGE (who was entitled to the floor)
said that he had a few words to say upon this
question. The subject was one which seemed to
have excited some interest in the country, and not
a little on the othqjj side of this Chamber. He,
for one, had formed an opinion as to the course
which, in his judgment, it was proper for him to
pursue in relation to this and all other questions
of the kind. He had yesterday sent up' an
amendment, which was read at the Clerk's table.
He had experienced some difficulty in convincing
his friends that he was serious in his effort to unite
another subject of investigation, which he thought
equally important; with the one contemplated by
this joint resolution. The few remarks which he
now proposed to make would have reference to the
character of the two objects for which it was pro-
posed to make provision. In the end, he thought
it would be found that those two objects were the
same, although 
Mr. WINTHROP (interposing, addressing the
Chair) said he desired that the point of order
which he had yesierday raised on the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Savage]
should be decided. And Mr. W. inquired whether
that amendment had been received by the Chair?
The SPEAKER said that the amendment had
neither been received by the Chair, nor been con-
sidered by the Chair as having been offered.
Mr. SAVAGE continued his remarks. Here
are two expeditions, he said. The one enlisting
the sympathy of the other side of the House
is an expedition put on foot by the English Gov-
ernment for the alleged purpose of making import-
ant discoveries in the northern part of this conti-
nent; but, m reality, only to make a little material
for royal flattery and newspaper glory.
No man can believe that the English Govern-
ment did, in fact, expect to make any valuable
discoveries in a part of the globe which has been
so often explored by the best navigators that the
world has produced. J presume they only hoped
to find a few grisly bears, the presentation of
whose skins, with a recital of their capture, might
for a time amuse the English public. And to all
this 1 make no objection. I consider this ostenta-
tious hunting after good known not to exist, as a
project worthy of the English Government, and of
those who are proclaiming its praise; nor do I in-
tend to say a word to wound the sensibility of
that Government or of its friends here or else-
where. I admire it for some parts of its policy.
England protects her subjects in every land; and
well i remember her noble bearing in the days of
Tyler, when, regardless of war, she wrested from
our trembling Government the notorious McLeod.
She needs none of our assistance to hunt or pro-
tect her subjects. I should be proud to know
that Americans are protected abroad as English-
men are.
Mr. RUMSEY rose and (Mr. Savage yielding
the floor) said he had understood the gentleman
from Tenessee [Mr. Savage] to say that McLeod
had been given upon the demand of the Buti^h
Government. The fact was not so. McLeod was
tried in the State of New York for murder, and,
upon the finding of the jury, was acquitted.
Mr. SAVAGE said, he had not alluded to the
trial as in connection with the jury. If an acquit-
tal had been produced, it was well known that
our Government had aided in effecting it.
Mr. RUMSEY was understood to say that
such interfering might answer in the State of
Tennessee; it would not in New York.
And, in the course of the same remarks—
Mr. MATTESON rose to make an inquiry.
Mr'. SAVAGE yielded the floor.
Mr. MATTESON inquired whether the gen-
tleman from'Tennessee had any knowledge upon
the subject of the trial of McLeod ?
Mr. SAVAGE said, he possessed such general
information in regard to it as had been given in
the public.prints.
Mr. MATTESON. A fairer trial never took
place m this or any other country. The judge
told the jury that they had nothing to do with the
consequences of their verdict; that if, upon the
testimony before them, they should believe that
McLeod was guilty, they were to do their duty,
and convict him, if by so doing the country
should be wrapped in flames. That judge is above
reproach from any quarter—as bold, as honest,
and as enlightened a man as ever adminisiered
justice. And the gentleman from Tennessee is
unwarranted in saying that this individual had
been wrested from the power of the judicial tribu-
nals of the State.
Mr. SAVAGE. I am somewhat acquainted
with courts of justice, and the judge's charge, as
explained by the gentleman, is one of the best
speeches I have ever heard for a defendant. This
was in substance to say, convict this man, and
you wrap this country in flames.
Mr. MATTESON. I said no such thing.
Mr. SAVAGE. The gentleman, as I under-
stood, said that the judge charged the jury that
they.were to act right, even if by finding the pris-
oner guilty they should wrap the country in
flames.
Mr. MATTESON. They were to do their
duty.
Mr.SAVAGE. Thatdoes not alter the case.
The gentleman has told too much. I do not wish
to go before a jury with a better argument than
that which he says was used by the judge in that
trial. It is the very argument which I would
have used had I been defending that individual.
But, Mr, Speaker, whence comes this new zeal ?
I remember when our citizens, trading to the Re-
public of Mexico, had been robbed of more than
$5,000,000, and when many of our gallant men
wore chains in Mexican dungeons, that a voice
then came up, asking for an expedition to redress
their wrongs and avenge their injuries; and an
answer from a certain party then came with it:
" If they want protection let them stay at home."
Your own vessels are often wrecked, and every
-whaler you have might perish, and no man would
say, "Go search tor them." But these are
merely Americans, not sprigs of English nobility,
in the fourth or fifth degree, with a Sir to then-
names; however I believe we are all Sirs here.
Hut there are other sympathies beside these
that have a place in my hcait. It is a known fact,
that in the ocean near our southern border, there
was a land than jvhicli none more brilliant was
seen beneath the sun, but whose glory had been
obscured for many years by an abuse of kingly
power. No princely squadro'n was fitted out to
search for that land, thus lost to the world in the
odious shadow of despotic power. A band of
