834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] m
his reply became exceedingly excited. He was
unusually vehement. He attempted to be very
sarcastic upon me. He evidently supposed I
had, in my reference to a goose, some allusion
to himself. He had not then spoken; and I assure
him I meant no personal allusion, as direct as
such an allusion undoubtedly was. 1 was inno-
cent of its palpable application until I saw by the
manner of the gentleman how extremely applica-
ble to him it was.
Mr. BAKER said: I propose to detain the
House a few moments, to express my heauy as-
sent to the resolutions under discussion; and I
have deemed it proper to say something in their
support, because I represent a district very re-
mote from the ocean, yet one whose inhabitants
feel a kmdjy sympathy for the distinguished navi-
gator, for whom I trust renewed search is to be
made. It is objected, sir, that this was an Eng-
lish expedition, to accomplish British purposes.
From whatever port it may have sailed, and what-
ever flag it bore, its object was scientific explo-
ration,and its purpose was one of universal benefit.
Sir John Franklin, and the gallant men who have
shared his penis, have gone out upon a voyage of
discovery, prompted by noble impulses. With
no guide but their own genius and Providence,
they have sought to accomplish results which are
to benefit not only England, but America; not
only America, but the world; not only this gen-
eration, but all generations. Sir, I for one ac-
knowledge the obligation such an enterprise im-
poses upon civilization everywhere, and I think it
just and graceful to stamp the expedition which
goes to its relief with a national character.
But it is said that the proposed expedition is
one of a private nature, by which the gentle-
man who equips it seeks to gain some glory for
himself. Sir, I am glad it is so. I will grant aid
to Mr_Grinnell now, as readily as I would have
done to Columbus if f had been a citizen or legis-
lator of Spam in the reign of Ferdinand and Isa-
bella. It is this generous love of glory which I
admire; it was this which prompted the " world-
seeking^enoese'1 to the noblest enterprise of any
age, ana kept him firm amid terrified manners,
and on an unknown and stormy sea. It is
this which kint'les high hearts to all great enter-
prises; and, sir, when this love of glory seeks its
accomplishment in noble discovery and princely
munificence, I not only admire, but honor it;
and I am honored in being allowed to aid it.
But, sir, the whole American people have an
imere|^in these expeditions. It is no longer true
of England, that she is the " mistress of the
ocean;" we, too,hold our "march upon the mount-
ain wave"—our keels vex every sea; and what-
ever opens new channels of commerce, adds to our
wealth and dominion. And yet 1 am disposed to
placc the support of this measure upon higher
ground. It has been said, that liteiature belongs
to no age and no country. It may be repeated of
' discovery and invention, as the benefit is for all
ages and all countries—for the world, and for the
whole family of man. So, I trust an enlightened
statesmanship will send forth, in the name of this
great nation, messages of consolation and succor
to the absent—not alone to relieve them, but also
to assure all who may succeed them in the paths
of adventurous peril, that they shall be neither
neglected nor forgotten.
Sir, should the sacredness of misfortune be over-
looked ? If these men had sought the northern
s -Hv for mere private gam, even then the greatness
of" their danger would reach the American heart.
The noble woman who looks out upon the "mel-
ancholy main" with eyes shining with hope, yet
dimmed with tear**, does not and-cannot appeal to
us in vain. For one, i shall respond to the call.
Here is a public spirited American merchant who,
with a munificence equalling the merchant princes
of Florence, equips ins vessels <;nd proposes to
traverse the unknown regions of the North to re-
store distinguished men to the world, and hus-
bands and fathers to their homes. He asks the
protection of our name and our laws. Sir, jet
him have them. Let us put our flag at the mast-
head, our laws upon the deck, our protection ,
around the ship. It may be our stars may first
gleam upon those watching eyes. Think you, sir, ;
they will not hail them with a wilder joy when
they come to tell them that America conducts the
search ? I
but it is said that this sympathy is felt for Sir
John Franklin because he bears a title. Sir, the
title has been earned. It was earned, I believe, as
Sir James Ross and Sir John Parry have earned
theirs—by courage and devotion, by endurance
and skill. The deeds which secure those titles
give aHiobler distinction than titles can bestow;
they live when titles are forgotten, and the men
who perform them are nobles, by " a higher pat-
ent and an earlier creation."
I agree, Mr. Speaker, with the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]—that his ex-
pression, characterizing the proposed expedition
as a " wild goose chase," was most unfortunate;
it is not worthy of his taste, nor does it do justice
to his kindness. Sir, I trust these brave men are
yet safe. And if so, the gentleman might have
found, in the freshness and variety of his reading
an analogy, far more correct and no less elegant,
than the one.with which he has favored us. It is
Bryant, I believe, sir, who, in some of the most
touching lines he has given the world, describes the
solitary way of the wild bird in heaven, though dis-
tant not unseen, though lonely not uncared for. Let
us hope that, like that bird, these wanderers may
be watched by a gracious eye, and guarded by that
benignant
« Power whose care
Teaches their way alon^ that trackless coast,
The desert and illimitable air—
Lone, wandeiing, but not lost."
Mr. WHITE moved the previous question.
Mr. McLANE, of Mary land, appealed to Mr.
White to withdraw the motion.
Mr. HALL made a similar request.
In reply to a suggestion from Mr. Hall—
The SPEAKER stated that the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] had
been received.
Mr. KAUFMAN, remarking that it appeared
evident the House could not get through with this
subject to-day, moved that the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and by ayes 60, noes
76, was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Thequestion then recurred and was taken on the
demand for the previous question; and the vote
stood, ayes 82; noes, 16.
No quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS moved that the House do now
adjourn.
In reply to a suggestion, or inquiry, by Mr.
Stanly—
The SPEAKER said, that the Chair could not
know whether, or not, there was a quorum, ex-
cept from the vote.
Mr. CL1NGMAN inquired of the Speaker,
when the question would again come up if the
House should now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. As the question now stands,
with the pending motions, the subject will come
up as the first business in order upon the first day
on which there shall be a morning hour devoted to
the reports of committees—the pending question
being on the reference to the Committee of-the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CABLE moved that there be a call of the
House.
But thequestion was, first, on the motion that
the House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the vote stood,
ayes 57, noes f>7.
So the House refused to adjourn.
And a quorum had voted.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Caulk, that there be a call of the House.
Mr. WINTI1ROP suggested whether, a quo-
rum being now present, the question on the demand
for the previous question might not be a°-ain
taken?
The SPEAKER said there would be no dilK- j
culty as to the question being again taken, but for !
the interposition of the mouon by the gentleman i
from Ohio, [Mr. Cable,] that there be a call of;
the House. j
Mr. W1NTHROP submitted that a quorum ■'
being now present, there was no necessity for a !
call of the House. The House could now pro-
ceed with the business before it. |j
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from [i
Ohio having, before the question was taken on
the last motion, moved that there be a cull of the
House, the question on that motion mu3t be put.
Thequestion was then taken, and decided in
the negative, without a division.
So a call of the House was refused*
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER requested gentlemen to vote
either on one side or the other.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 88, noes 19.
No quorum voting.
Mr. CABLE moved that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. CROWELL demanded the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. DUER demanded the yeas and nays, but
waived the call.
.And the question was then taken, and decided
in the negative—ayes 53, noes 83.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion that there be a call of the House, and
was decided in the negative—ayes 57, noes 69.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question then again recurred on the demand
for the previous question.
The SPEAKER again invited members to vote
I on one side or the other.
Mr. YINTON rose to inquire of the Speaker^
whether there was not a rule of the'House which
required every member to vote when he was
present.
The SPEAKER. There is a rule of the House
requiring every member present to vote.
Mr. VINTON. And there is also a rule which
prohibits members from voting more than once
upon the same question. Yetitis just as fair thai
one man shall vote on both sides, as ft is- that
another, being present, shall refuse to vote at all.
The SPEAKER. Upon the last question taken
a quorum voted. The tellers will resume their
places.
The question was then again taken on the de-
mand for the previous question, and the vote stood
—ayes 89, noes 26.
So there was a second.
The question recurring, "Shall the main ques-
tion be now put?" was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the House ordered the main question to be
now put—being first on the motion to refer the
joint resolution to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. JONES moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative, withouta divison.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolution
on the table.
The question then recurring oh the motion to
refer to the Committee of the Whole on the stale
of the Union, was taken, and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 59, nays 90; as follows :
YEAS—Mgj-sis. Albertson, Aveiett, Bajly, Beale, Bing-
ham, Bocock, fiowlm, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Joseph
Cable, Williamson R. \V. Uobb, Colcock, Dimmiek, Dun-
ham, Feather-ion, Fuller, Gerij, Gorman, Hal', Hamilton,
| Hammond, Hand-on, Isham G. Harris, Jlibbard, Holliday,
j Howard,Joseph XV. Jackson, Arrtlrew Johns-on, Jone-. Kauf-
■ Inan, Preston King, Liftlefield, Job Mann, Mason, McCler-
i nand, Mc Dowell. McMullen, McQueen, Mill-on, Orr, Peas-
I loe. Peek, Phelps, Powell, Richaidson, Robbms, Ross,
i Savage, Stetson. SweeNer, Thomas., Jacob Thomson, James
' Thnmp-on, Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Wildrick, Wood,
j and Woodward—59.
, JVAYj?—Messis. Alexander, Allen, Alston,Baker, Bennett,
j Booth, Bowdon, Bowie, Buses, Brook*, Burrows. ClK's-
, ter Butler, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin. Campbell, Cat.e\, Chand-
| ler, Clarke. Olmym n, Con-rer, Conrad, Coruin," OroweiJ,
I Deherr.v. Dickey" Dixon, Duer, Duncan, Diukee, Alev-
j andei Evan*., Fowler, Fitedle'v, Giddute-, Gootlenow
j Could, Gnnm }{, Halioway, Il-unptori, flat Inn, Hammond'
; Heb.ini, Henry. Hon.-ton, lloue, William T. Jaek.-on?
i Julian. Keir, Dnniel P. Km«, George G. Kuiir J.une* O*
j King, John A Kii)<>. MatroMni. Mcki-oek, MeLanahan*
[ Jiobert M. Mcfiane, JVInore, AJoreh *ad, Mor-e, Morton'
Richard H Sinntnn, Strona, Ta\!or, Thurman, Tuek^
lTriderhill, Vinton, Waldo, Wentworth, White, Wilson,and
Winthrop—*i'U.
So the House refused to refer the joint resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER stated that the question now
recurred upon the amendment of Mr. Hall,
(though according to the notes of the reporter that
amendment had not been received.)
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays.
