wm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEi
Sept.-*
vote for the amendment with pleasure. There is
a very great amount of suffering at San Francisco
and in other ports of California for want of pro-
vision being made for those engaged in naval
duties; and I wish that an addition may be made
to the sum which the Senator asks for, in order
that the Secretary of the Treasury may make a
like provision there, that we may have a marine
hospital built.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think the object is a
very laudable one, and I will vote for it if the Sen-
ator will draw up a separate amendment, and ask
for twenty or thirty thousand dollars, to be ex-
pended by the Secretary of the Treasury. The
Senator can offer such an amendment separately,
to come in immediately after this, and I will vote
for it with pleasure.
Mr. GWIN. Then I will withdraw myamend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and will afterwards ask for thirtj  thousand
dollars for California.
Mr. DICKINSON. I regret very much to op-
pose anything which may be necessary for the
relief of persons in a situation of suffering, either
upon the waters of the Pacific coast or on those of
the Mississippi valley. We ought, however, to
act cautiously in this matter. We ought to have
the best information upon the subject that we can
obtain: and when we have obtained it, and agree
to appropriate a sum for the purpose mentioned
in this amendment, we ought carefully to guard it,
so that it may be properly disbursed. I can only
request, that if more money than is now appro-
priated for these purposes is deemed necessary by
the Senate, they will take a little care to see that
the money would be applied to the objects for
which they design it. Now, I fear that if we make
an appropriation of this sort, on our present hasty
impulses, without the matter having undergone
investigation by any committee, we might put the
appropriation in such a shape as would prevent it
being properly applied.
Mr. GWIN. The Secretary of the Treasury
has recommended most earnestly that such an ap-
propriation be made. He has done so in a com-
munication which has been laid before this body;
and the special agent sent to California for this
purpose urges the importance of an appropriation
of this kind. He says that it is of the utmost im-
portance to have something done, for the seamen
there are suffering very much for want of such
accommodation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. 1 would like
to ask the Senator from California if that letter is
here'
Mr. GWIN. It is.
Mr. DAVIS. What sum does he recommend?
Mr. GWIN. He does not recommend any par-
ticular sum. He recommends that a marine hos-
pital be provided, and that the amount necessary
for it should be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very sorry that that sub-
ject has not undergone a previous examination.
It will be remembered by the Senate that the law-
provides that every seaman in the civil marine of
the United States is to pay twenty cents per month
into the Treasury of the United States, which is
called '* hospital money;" and the hospitals have
generally been supported out of that fund. That
is taken and transferred to ihose points where the
money is wanted. Hence it is found, as stated by
the Senator from Kentucky, that a larger sum is
expended in New Orleans than is collected there.
That is explained by the fact that there is less ex-
pended probably than is collected in Boston, New
York, and Philadelphia. But every seaman is in-
terested in this matter in New Orleans, for they
are exactly the men that want the provision made
for them there. That is true, also, with regard to
California. Our seamen must go there, and if
there is not an adequate provision made, if there
be not enough of the funds transferred there to
furnish a reasonable support, there ought to be
s.>me provision made for them. If the Secretary
of the Treasury understands the facts well enough
to have recommended it, I will vote for a reasona-
ble sum. I think the sum mentioned by the Sen-
ator from California is large, but I will still vote
for a sum which may be sufficient. With regard
to the interior waters of the Mississippi, and trib-
utary streams, the same law applies as to the
sources from which they get their collections.
But the Senator from Kentucky says these are in-
adequate. I suppose the fund is not transferred—
this is conjecture—from the Atlantic to these
waters, because the sailors who contribute to the
fund from the Atlantic never go into those waters.
Therefore, to appropriate their money here at the
places named by the Senator from Kentucky,
would be giving it for the benefit of another set of
sailors or boatmen who have no connection with
them. Those who contribute the money ought to
receive the benefit of it, and therefore it is not ap-
propriated in those places. And I think if a con-
tribution is made from the Treasury, it should be
limited in its application to those who pay the
monthly allowance as an inducement to them to
pay.
The seamen contribute this money with great
cheerfulness, and without a single complaint, be-
cause they know that when sick they will reap the
benefit of the care to be obtained in an hospital.
The distribution of the fund, therefore, ought to be
limited to the benefit of those who contribute it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg my friend from
California to fill the blank in the amendment that I
read, and then offer it as a separate proposition:
" For the relief and protection of mariners on the Pacific
coast , to be di*bursed under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury,"
I wish to say one word. As the gentleman from
Massachusetts has said, the amount to be expended
for our boatmen is limited to the amount that they
pay, and thereby they are excluded from all par-
ticipation m the fund contributed by the seamen
from the salt water. They have made that dis-
tinction in the distribution of the fund, and in con-
sequence, to my own knowledge, many of the
men engaged in navigating our waters are inad-
equately provided for. I have seen them turned
loose when sick where they had not the benefit of
these hospitals, and they were compelled to resort
to private charity or die. That state of things
ought not to exist. We have in this bill an ap-
propriation for deficiencies. These deficiencies
will occur, and my object is to provide the ten
thousand dollars, so as to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to make some provision for these
men who will not be otherwise adequately provi-
ded for. If there are none to be provided for, of
course the money will not be expended. It is an
amendment, therefore, which will have its most
beneficial operation in providing for the wants and
relieving the distresses of a worthy class of men.
I first drew up this amendment for the relief of
"mariners belonging to licensed and enrolled ves-
sels," but I finally struck that out and put in
" mariners and boatmen." And I wanted to leave
it discretionary with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to say whether the boatmen navigating the
Mississippi, and going down to New Orleans in
flat boats, and occasionally returning in licensed
vessels, should have the benefit of these marine
hospitals when they become sick. But I did not
insert the wolds "belonging to licensed and en-
rolled vessels." if the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts wishes, he can move to insert these words,
but I hope it will be voted down.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not pro-
pose to make the motion, but 1 wish to say a
word by way of explanation. Our fishermen have
always been excluded from these hospitals; even
those who go op long whaling voyages were
obliged to take care of themselves, because they
did not contribute to this fund until they came
forward and asked the privilege of Congress of
having the tax imposed on them. When the hos-
pital law was extended to the western waters, I be-
lieve the gentleman from Kentucky was not in the
Senate; but gentlemen from the West opposed ma-
king boatmen pay this tax, on the ground that it
was a great inconvenience; that they make short
voyages, and could take care of themselves. This
showed an inclination to shun the tax if they
could. The great policy is to make them willing
to pay it by showing them the benefits to be de-
rived from it. They are generally a poor class of
persons, and this is all the tax on their wages, and
you ought to keep up the motive to contribute to
the fund, so as to make it as large as possible.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Those who navigate our
"flat boats," as they are called, are upon the
waters some six or seven or eight weeks at most.
These men, therefore, enter for a sliort period of
time, and they do not pay hospital money because
the time is so short. But those persons who enter
as boatmen, or as firemen, or hands upon the
steamboats, pay hospital money Because they are
hands engaged on board, of vessels which are " re-
gistered and enrolled." Our returns show all that.
Now, the way that I have proposed the amend-
ment is, that if any of these persons, entering,
upon these flat boats for six or eight weeks, should
become sick, they may have the benefit of these
hospital provisions. These flat-boat men are gen-
erally healthy young men, but are also, as a gen-
eral thing, poor men. They sometimes become
sick, though not very often; And when they do
take sick, they need the assistance of these hos-
pital provisions. Now, as there are not a great
many of these men needing assistance, I wish the
Senate not to make any distinction.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President 
Several Senators. " Oh vote^vote, vote; take
the question !"
Mr. BRIGHT. If everybody is for it, I have
nothing to say. There is a great deal of propriety
in the suggestion of the Senator from Kentuckys
and the only objection to the appropriation is that
it is too small. I think it ought to be doubled.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am sorry the
Senator from Indiana did not proceed with the re-
marks he was about to make. I hope he will pro-
ceed.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was going to remark that
there is great propriety and justice in this propo-
sition . The remarks of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Davis] are not applicable to men
navigating the western waters. They are, it is
true, perfectly applicable to men who navigate the
seas; but on these western waters we have men
who run a class of boats which are not registered,
and which do not come within the provisions of
the law—a class of men who are as much entitled
to enjoy the provisions of the law as those who
run in registered vessels. There are men who run
on these waters, and make it their business to
learn the channels of the stream—men who never
run cargoes of their own, but always for their
neighbors, or those who may employ them.
That class of men are liable To be taken sick as
well as others; and when they are taken sick, and
away from home, I am sure there is not a Senator
on this floor who will say that they are not enti-
tled to come within the provisions of this law as
well as hands that are engaged on boats that are
registered.
But the Senator is mistaken if he supposes that
every vessel collects hospital fees from the hands.
Many of them do, it is true; but I believe that the
great majority of them do not. They have a per-
fect right to do it, but the majority of the boats
pay the hands the price they agree to give them,
and when the hands are settled with they are sel-
dom called upon for hospital money. When a
boat is called upon for the fees of the ports, she
pays them, and they are very frequently not
charged to her crew. Hence the great propriety
of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky—that that class of men, and the men
who run boats not propelled by steam, should have
the benefit of the provisions of the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I will now offer the amendment
which I withdrew, to come in immediately after
the amendment which has just been adopted:
" For the relief and protection ot manners in the State of
California, twenty thousand dollars; to be disbursed under
tile direction of the Secretary of the tn iiMiry."
It is unnecessary that I should make any re-
marks in support of this amendment. I will,
therefore merely say, that in the report of the
special agent who was sent out to California a pro-
vision of this sort is strongly urged.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WINTHROP. I offer the following amend-
ment. After line 1044 insert:
" To enable the librarian of Congress to subscribe for and
purchase one thousand copies of the works of John Adams,
til*; second President of the United States, to be published
bv Little is. Brown,m an edition of ten volumes: Prodded,
The cost does not exceed $-2 25 per volume; said volumes
to be disposed of as Congress may hereafter direct."
I am quite aware, Mr. President, that it may be
thought somewhat adventurous to offer an amend-
ment of this kind at a moment when it has been
so emphatically declared that the book policy has
been brought to an end. I will  ke this occasion
to say, however, that this amendment would have
been offered by my immediate predecessor upon this
floor, had he not been ealied to perform other
