1930
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOME.
Sept. 2Bi
al! boats and vessels, conforming the same to the alteration
hereby made, and that the salary of the collector of said port
i* hereby placed on the same looting with thai of ihe collector
of the port of Michihmackinacj in Michigan."
I presume there can be no objection to making
this alteration. The port of Presque Isle was es-
tablished long ago, perhaps about the period of
the late war with Great Britain; and the rate of
compensation was then fixed. At that time there
was no trade upon the lakes, or next to none. The
compensation has never been changed since that
time. That amount now is, and has been for the
last thirty-five .years, fixed at the sum of three
hundred and eighty dollars per annum. Lately it
has become the paying port of the national marine,
and- the whole time of the collector there is em-
ployed in the duties for a salary'of three hundred
and eighty dollars for his services. By making
tfee compensation the same as at Mackinac, on
Lake Michigan, he will receive eight hundred and
forty dollars, that being the sum which the collector
receives. This port is the most important next to
those or Buffalo, Cleveland-, and Chicago, upon the
lakes, and the duties of a collector are greater than
at any point on the lakes except at Buffalo. It is
therefore reasonable and just that the compensa-
tion should be made in some degree adequate to
the labor performed.
The rao'ionwas agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE I move to add the following item:
"And for compensation of John P. Brown, Secretary and
Dragoman ol the Legation to Tuikpy, lor his services, at
different periods, as acung Charge d'Affaires to that place,
$7,483 48, winch shall be in tuJl payment for all his claims
*oi such services."
This amendment has received the double sanc-
tion, the unanimous sanction, of the Committees
on Foreign Relations of both Houses of Congress,
and therefore it seems to me it ought not to be the
subject of much debate. The amount is stated at
the department, and I have a copy of it in my
hand, upon which the committee based the amend-
ment. Here is also a letter from the Secretary of
State in support of the amendment, which I beg
may be read.
Several Senators. Oh no. There is no need
of it.
Mr. FOOTE. If there be no objection to the
appropriation, I will not ask that the letter be read.
Mr. DICKINSON. Let the letter be read; I
want to hear what it is.
The letter was then read, as follows:
Department or State,
Washington, Jluzust 15,1850.
Dear Sir: In answer.to your letter ol yesterday, I have
to state that Mr. B<own was placed by Commodore Potter
in charge of the Legation m Turkey, on the 16th April,
1838, when the Cominorioie left Constantinople, on leave,
to vi;?it the United States, and returned to hi* post about tne
close of July, or the beginning of August, 1839. During this
period iVIr. Brown performed "the duties of the Legation, as
well as those of Dragoman, and corresponded regulaily with
Commodore Porter, by whom his dispatches were commu-
nicated to the Department of State.
Commodore Pouer died on the 3d of March, 1843, from
which date, till the 14th January, (inclusive,) 1844, Mr.
Brown corresponded with the Department, and discharged
the diplomatic duties of the Legation. On the 15th of Jan-
uary, L844, Mr. Carr entered on his duties as Minister, and
subsequently, on the 5th August, 1845, quitted his pu>t, on
leave, when Mr. Brown again entered on the. duties, and
continued to dischaige the same, until the return of Mr.
Carr, the exact date of winch the records of the department
do notshow. Mr. Carr voluntarily visited Syria, leaving
Constantinople, it is behevtd, about 18th May, 1849. At
Beyroot Mr. Carr received his recall, on the 28th July, 1849.
fiuiiii* this absence ol the Minister from Constantinople,
supposed to have lasted about lour months, Mr. Brown was,
as on former occasions, in charge or the mission.
Prom the date of Mr. Carr's final departure from Con-
stantinople, which from his last dispatch is inferred to have
been on or about 18th October, 1849, until the arrival of his
successor, Mr. Marsh, on tl*e23d February, 1850, Mr. Brown
was again in the discharge of the diplomatic duties of the
mission. The Department ha? no authority by law to de-
cide, and has consequently never decided ca=es of this
kind, which belong entirely to the discretion of Congress.
I may, however, be permitted to bear testimony to the fidel-
ity and abilities of Mr. Brown, in the performance of his
duties.
As it regards the circular to our representatives at foreign
courts, to which you refer, I can only remark, that what-
ever was its intention, the provisions it contains have never
been enforced against Ministers quitting their post>j, wttfo or
without leave, in lavor of such persons a« may have dis-
charged their duties in the interim of absence.
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient setvant,
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Hon. James C. King, House of Representatives.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator from New York
and others will perceive that the demand is based
simply upon the difference of pay between the
salaries of charge and dragoman, for the period for
which he served as chargg. It has, as I stated, re-
ceived the unanimous sanction of the committees
of the two Houses.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to ask the chair-
man oftheGommitteeon Foreign Relations wheth-
er this person was not paid as dragoman during all
the time that ne served ?
Mr. FOOTE. He was paid as dragoman. This
amendment only proposes to pay him the differ-
ence between the pay of dragoman and charge
d'affaires during the time that he served in the lat-
ter capacity.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have to say that our dip-
lomatic relations with Turkey were very unimport-
ant, and probably consisted in doing very little
beyond merely staying there.
A Senator. Yes, " waiting orders."
Mr. DICKINSON. I am quite sure that sim-
ilar propositions have been rejected two or three
times since I have been in Congress.
Mr. FOOTE. Hitherto this matter has never
been before Congress.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not speak very confi-
dently on the subject, but it strikes me that the
same question has been considered before. At any
rate, I see no reason for allowing this sum. The
minister was absent for a time; this gentleman was
there as dragoman; his pay was going on all the
time, and I doubt whether he performed any ser-
vices which did not belong to his ordinary duties.
If this precedent is set, we cannot see where it
will end. The moment a minister turns his back,
whether for a long or a short period, we shall have
the inferior claiming the pay of the minister; and
in that case we shall have our hands full of such
like applications, and our Treasury empty.
'Mr. HALE. I would like to know when this
charge was presented to any department?
Mr. FOOTE. 1 understand that Mr. Brown
never presented the charge in question till very re-
cently. That I learn to be the fact from Mr.
Brown himself; and I believe I have also learned
it from others.
As to the matter of "precedent" spoken of by
the Senator from New York, I believe there
would be no novelty in the proceeding. There are
various precedentsalready, according to which it is
proposed that we should now act.
Mr. HALE. I do not believe that there is any
abuse which the mind could conceive which has
not existed under this Government, and this appli-
cation is clearly made on the strength of former
abuses. I hope this amendment will not be agreed
to, and hat the proposition will receive its quietus.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. SOULE. I move the following amend-
ment:
" To aid in erecting a marine hospital at Shreveport, in
Louisiana, for the relief ot' disabled and sick manners nav
iratinn the waters of Red river and its tributaries, to be
placed at the disposal of the municipal authorities of that
place, fifteen thousand dollars."
This place is at the head of the navigation of the
waters of the Red river, at a distance of six hun-
dred miles from New Orleans. It is the connect-
ing link between Louisiana and Texas, and is a
place at which many men who navigate the Red
river resort. It has become a matter of great in-
terest, and of imperative necessity of late, that pro-
vision should be made for these mariners and boat-
men. The city of Shreveport has already con-
tributed the sum of fifteen thousand dollars for the
purchase of a lot in order to aid in the erection of
a building for a marine hospital; but unless we
give them the assistance which is asked for by
this amendment, it may not oe in their power to
complete the building. I hope the Senate will not
deem the amendment an improper or extravagant
one, and that it will be adopted.
Mr. HALE. I would like to ask the Senator
who offers this amendment if this is one of the
places selected by the commission sent out by the
Treasury Department to select suitable sites' I
believe that the Treasury Department sent out
such a commission some six years ago, and I
would like to know whether this is one of the
places which that commission selected ?
Mr. SOOLE. I cannot answer the question
proposed by the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire; but I can say that, in all probability,
this_ place at that time may not have been deemed
an eligible place for such an object; for the city of
Shreveport has increased so rapidly that, although
at that time it may not have been a proper place
for such a building, there is no doubt that at this
date it is a very eligible one.
Mr. DICKINSON. I regret exceedingly to op-
pose any amendment for such a purpose as this; .
but I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
what we are doing. Government is exceedingly
liberal in making appropriations for this purpose;
and I submit that we ought not to go on making
these appropriations unless they are recommended
by committees or some of the departments. I do
not by any means distrust the statement of the
honorable Senator ftom Louisiana, or his judg-
ment in regard to this being a suitable location for
a marine hospital; butl think we ought to proceed
upon some given plan, and that we should not go
on making appropriations without recommenda-
tions from committees or the departments, whose
duty it is fully to investigate these matters. This
question has not been before any committee that I
am aware of; and we cannot legislate understand-
ingly upon questions coming here in this form.
This Executive Government making its estimates
makes them by the departments which are ac-
quainted with this class of business; and we are
compelled to place great reliance upon their judg-
ment in making these recommendations. These
recommendations then go to the appropriate com-
mittees of both Houses of Congress, and are con-
sidered by them; but when amendments of this
important character are thrown in here without the
ordinary consideration, we are too apt to vote
from our sympathies than upon our mature judg'
ment. I am not willing, therefore, to vote for these
amendments unless they come through the regular
channel.
Mr. SOULE. The considerations upon which
the Senate is likely to act upon matters of this
kind are things of such notoriety as not to require
the necessity of specific recommendation on'the part
of the departments. In the present case, the me-
morial was sent to this House, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce. The committee con-
sidered it, but they did not come to a conclusion
whether a report was to be made or not. But the
impressions of the committee were entirely favor-
able.
The press of business before the committee pre-
vented them from attending to many matters which
came before them; and any neglect to report on
this question, considering their very numerous en-
gagements, ought not to be taken as an argument
for the Senate to refuse the appropriation asked
for. I hope it will be granted.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desiie to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment: '
" And that a like sum be appropriated for a like purpose
at St. Joseph, Missouri."
Mr. DICKINSON. I really do not know where
gentlemen design to stop. It appears to me that
we are reversing the whole theory of our Govern-
ment, as well as the ordinary practice in relation
to appropriations. The Senator says that this is
a matter of public notoriety. It may be so in his
section of the country. But there are those resid-
ing in other sections of the country who know no
more about it than about what is going on in the
moon. It has not come through the regular chan-
nel, and I cannot vote for it, especially now that
we have another amendment attached to it by the
honorable Senator from Missouri.
Mr. ATCHISON. St. Joseph is one of the
largest towns on the Missouri river, and the head
j of the trade on that stream. It is a post from
i which all the emigrants leave for California and
i Oregon. 1 am astonished that the Senator from
! New York, who is chairman of the Committee on
! Finance, should not know this fact,
j Mr. DOWNS. I wish to say that I think this
1 is a proper and just amendment, and should be
; adopted. This is the only work of the kind in
^ the whole valley of the Red river, which is next
to the Ohio, if it be not superior to the Ohio itself.
It is the most important valley connected with the
Mississippi, embracing many rivers which are
, navigable for hundreds of miles. There is not a
! single provision of this kind on the whole of that
' river; whereas, there are several for Ohio, and one
for Nashville. This river is not only one of the
most important rivers, for on it there are very
many boats constantly employed, but it is much
more unhealthy, and there is more need of an hos-
pital on that account, than at those places where
they are provided. There are many employed
upon the numerous boats that go up that river who
