1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
contribute to the fund, and I see not why it should
not be there applied for their benefit. It is too
much the habit of people in a certain quarter not
to consider some other places of much importance,
because they are on the rivers and not on the shores
of the Atlantic, or anywhere upon the sea-board,
and to suppose that therefore they are not entitle^
to these provisions as they would be if they were
upon the sea-coast. This is one of the most im-
portant places on that important Red river, and it
is intimately connected with Texas, so that that
State, as well as Louisiana and Arkansas, is inter-
ested in this subject.
Mr. CHASE. I am sorry that the Senator from
Louisiana did not think of the importance of the
improvements on the Western waters, when the
proposition to erect public buildings in the city of
Cincinnati was before the Senate—a proposition
which was recommended by one of the successive
heads of the Treasury Department, and by two
committees of this body. At an early period in
this session, I performed the duty of presenting to
the Senate a memorial from the city council of the
city of Cincinnati, asking for the establishment of
a marine hospital there.' That memorial repre-
sented that the tax upon boatmen navigating the
Ohio river, paid to that city, exceeded two thou-
sand dollars a quarter, or eight thousand dollars
per annum; and that they were destitute of any
provision except that made by the trustees of the
township, which was liable to be withdrawn, in
consequence of the demand upon their means of
accommodation by the necessities of the city itself.
1 called the attention of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce to that memorial, and was
informed by him that he had submitted that me-
morial, and various others of a similar character,
to the consideration of the committee, and that
they were not prepared to make any recommend-
ation at this session. I acquiesced in that decision,
so far as that memorial was concerned, and I think
the object of that memorial in the highest degree
deserving of consideration and favorable action.
I agree with the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Dickinson,] that we should encumber this bill with
no appropriation which has not received the sanc-
tion of a department, or of one of the committees
of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. It may be true that we should not
encumber the bill unless we have the recommend-
ation of a department, but it has been done again
and again. If these marine hospitals aredesirable,
and it is proper that Government should establish
them, there is no point that has a stronger claim
than the one named on this river. As was said by
the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] it is a
most important valley, with large commerce, em-
ploying an immense number of steamboats 'con-
stantly upon the river, and the trade is "constantly
increasing with great rapidity. Texas is inter-
ested in this' matter. Perhaps one fourth of the
population of Texas trade at this point; so that,
if it is proper for Government to provide for the
establishment of marine hospitals, I do not know
of a single place that has more pressing demands
than this; for it is a sickly country, and some pro-
vision is absolutely needed for this class of our
citizens who are employed on that river.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Downs] uttered one sentiment which is
pregnant with meaning, and I thank him for it.
He says he sees no reason why this place is not
entitled to the patronage of the Government in this
respect as much as any other. I fear that such a
feeling as that enters too much into our legislation.
If one place receives a share of the public patron-
age, we are apt to say we do not see why one
place should not receive it as much as another.
Now, if we are prepared for a scramble for the
public money, to be expended in one place because
it has been expended in another, it will take less
time to exhaust it than at the rate we are now re-
ducing it; for, although the amount of income is
great, the expenditure has become alarming, and
though 1 have no spirit of prophecy, yet, judging
from the past, I can readily see that there will be
a rigid accountability somewhere^in the future for
this most enormous expenditure of the public
money.
Wow, as it respects expenditures for such a pur-
pose as is asked for here, I have no safe rule for
myself but to inquire whether the departments
have recommended it. Congress have been ex-
ceedingly liberal in making appropriations, as well
as the departments in recommending them, and
there is safety nowhere else than in the guides we
have in such recommendations. If you cutadrift,
and expend the public money for one purpose, in
one place, because it has been expended for a
similar purpose in another, you will be at sea upon
a shoreless ocean, without a rudder or compass,
or even such a light as has been the subject of dis-
cussion here this morning, or any other, to keep
us from going upon roeks and being destroyed. I
shall oppose briefly, but pointedly, everything
which does not come from a committee, or with
regard to which there is not some obvious neces-
sity. We* cannot accommodate the feelings and
wishes of any section of the country, in their de-
sire to have the public money. There must be a
stopping-place somewhere. If this had received
the approbation of a committee I would not resist
it—and I will resist it no further now. If the
Senate choose to grant it, it is for the?,Senate to do
so. I have no personal feeling about it. On the
contrary, it is much easier for me to say yes than
no; but I have learned to say no, and I recommend
it to others.
, Mr. FOOTE. We have received several excel-
lent lectures from the Senator from New York on
the subject of much talking at this late period of
the session. When he shook his rod over me, I
assure you I felt in a proper degree the rebuke,
and I have observed during the recent discussion
hvre, contrary to my usual custom, almost abso-
lute silence. We have also received many lec-
tures from the Senator from New York with re-
gard to saving the public money, as if we were
not equally as anxious as himself to do our duty
in that respect. Now, I really beseech Senators,
not the Senator from New York alone—though I
certainly wish to have him included—that we may
not consume any more of our time in remarks
which are not directly applicable to the question
before us. I had five or six little amendments
which I wished to offer, and one of them has been
voted down, in consequence of too much speaking
on the other side, though i declined saying any-
thing myself.
Mr. HAMLIN. There have been several
memorials presented to the Committee on Com-
merce in relation to the construction of marine
hospitals. They have generally, I believe, come
from the Western cities. They were considered in
that committee when the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia was not present. Taking into account the
state of the finances, and believing that the num-
ber of hospitals already existing m the Western
country is large—I think they will be found to
bear a pioportion of four to one on the Atlantic,
when the relative number of seamen is taken into
the comparison—it was deemed advisable by the
Committee on" Commerce that the whole system
should undergo a revision, and that all cases
should be embraced in one bill. We have a very
meritorious case presented by the Senator from
Louisiana, as well as that presented by the Sena-
tor from Ohio. But there are cases in other places
equally meritorious, if not more so. Let them all
be embraced in one bill, and do not encumber this
appropriation bill with any-of them.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was not adopted.
The question then recurred on 'the original
amendment offered by the Senator from Louisiana,
and if was also rejected.
Mr. FOOTE offered the following amendment;
" For compensation to Henry La R inme, late secretary
to Commodore Shubriek, for his services a< secretary to ihe
legation of the United Slates near the Government ot Chili,
fiom the 6fh of January to the 28th of April, 1849, and for
| In- services as bearer ot dispatches, five hundred and ninety
j dollars and forty cents."
j Mr. FOOTE. To limit discussion, i will call
I the attention of the Senate to the report of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of
Representatives:
The petitioner, Henry La Reintrie, w-as secretary to Com-
modore Shubriek, of the United States Navy, and, while at-
tached in that capacity to the United States ship Independ-
ence, at Valparaiso, upon the urgent request of the Hon.
j Seth Barton, Chaig6 d'Affaires near the Government of
i Chili, was ordered by Commodore Shubuck to repair with-
! out delay to ihe city of Santiago, and there await the com-
I mands of Mr. Barton. Tins order was unauthorized by the
. leaal i elation and dutiesof Mr, La Reintrie as commodore's
• secretary; nevertheless, he promptly obeved it, and con-
j tinned in the service of the United Slates legation at San-
i tiago, Chili, assecieiar} of legation, from the 6ih of January
| to the 28th ot April, 1849, and tor twenty-eight days there-
! after as bearer of dispatches to the Government of the Uiu-
' ted States. For this service Mr. La Remtrie claims, in ad-
dition to the compensation he hasalready received as com- •'
rriodorti's secretary, and for his per.-onal and incidental ex- .
penses as bearer ot dispatches, $6 per day, or $&58 in ail. --
Mr. La Reintrie states, udou his honor, that b« was em-
ployed from twelve to sixteen hours daily in recording,
translating, interpreting, or copying, during his service as
secretary of legation. This arduous public service, as well
as the exigency which required it, are amply verified by.
satisfactory proofs. Mr. Barton, in his letter of January 3, -
1849, to Commodore Shubriek, says:
" Admonished as I have been t>y circumstances which
have given rise to the strongest suspicions that, my trust in'
othefs, in seasons past, has been abused and betrayed,'and
ihat in more in&tances than one the affaits of the legation,.
when communicated in confidence, and under injunctions
of secrecy, have been indiscreetly, and I fear corruptly di-
vulged, and not knowing at this time a single per&on in Chili,
who, to a willingness to perform the service at any rate of
compensation within my means to offer, unites the requi-
site industry, steadiness, capacity, and tiustwortlnness for .
the urgent and important functions now needed, I ieel my-
self under such a necessity as to authorize and justify this
application to you tor the services of Mr. La Remtrie at the
legation."
In answer to the letter of which the above is an extract,
Commodore Shubriek write?, January. 5, 3849, that "the
reasons assigned by you (Mr. Barton) for asking tor this ar-
rangement are so atrong, that I have this day written to the
commanding officer ot the Independence to send Mr. La
Reintrie with as little delay as possible to this place."
Mr. Barton bears further testimony to the urgency ;which
required Mr. La Remtrie's service, in his letter to the Hon.
John M. Clayton, Secretary of State, bearing date April 29,
1849 He says:
"It would not be proper,in an occasional note of t bis
nature, to trouble you with the details of the invaluable aid
[ have derived from the service of Mr. La Relntr.e, in the
yast accumulation of business and duties incideui to and de-
volving upon this legation, in consequence of the menacing
posture of affairs tor some consideiable tnne past. You
know, as well a^ I do, that Commodore Shubriek could not
have compelled him to have abandoned the duties to which
alone he had pledged himself, to enter upon the overwhelm
ing duties he had to encounter here. Upon Commodore
Shtibriek's part, as well as Mr. La Reintrie's, it was all vol-
untary, all patriotic, and, to my certain knowledge, a great
sacrifice on the pait ot the laiter.'* Whether the Government
will be able to compensate Mr. La Remtrie pioperly for his
services and sacrifices I know not; but if it can, I will bear
testimony that the services he has rendered fully entitle him
to «uch salary, for the time of his employment, us the Gov-
ernment awards to a secretary of legation in the seivice of
a full minister; and in that event I hope, as I am ture he
will receive it."
In view of the whole subject, the committee are con-
vinced that Mr. Barton found himself unable to perform the
great amount ot labor which had accumulated upon bis
hands a  Charge d'Affaires, and that he found u absolutely
necessaryto employ assistance to enable him to perform it
advantageously and seasonably. They further believe that
Mr. La Remtne is equitably and ju>tly entitled to the pay of
a secretary of legation for the tune he performed that ser-
vice, and was employed as bearer of di.-patches, deducting
therefrom the pay he has received as commodore's secre-
tary for the same time. This balance is #593 42. Aud in
this view the committee aie corroborated by the authority of
the Secretary of State, who, in answer to certain interrog-
atories, states, in his letter of the 25th of February, 1850, to
the chairman ot this committee, that he is " of the opinion
tint Mr. La Reintrie is equitably entitled to the difference
of compensation between the pay winch h*? was then re-
ceiving, viz : ,$800 a year, and that of secretary of lega-
tion, viz: $2,G0J a year, tor the period during which he was
so employed by Mr. Barton." The committee, for the&e
reasons, report a Dill.
Mr. HALE. This appears to me to be a most
extravagant claim. What! are your commodores
to appoint your foreign diplomatic agents ? Com-
modore Shubriek appointed this man, and he per-
formed the dudes of secretary of legation for
some one hundred and twenty-eight days; and
upon that appointment we are asked to grant this
allowance for his services. Why, sir, if you do
that, you will soon have diplomatic agents enough
all over the world". If we are to do that, we may
just as well disband Congress and go home, and
eive up all idea of having any contiol over the
Treasury in regard to our foreign expenses.
Mr. FOOTE. I am not surprised that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire should manifest hos-
tility to this amendment, and to those who are en-
gaged in the naval service of the country. We all
know that he goes out of his way to treat with
disrespect that arm of the national service. There
is not a word in the report which authorizes the
Senator from New Hampshire to say that this
man was appointed by Commodoie Sltubrick.
Mr. Barton, being unable to perform the service,
required this individual to perfoim H. He did
perform it; and the Department of State and the
Committees on Foreign Relations of the two
Houses recommend this appropriation; and yet
the Senator from New Hampshire is modest
enough to assert that this is the most immodest
demand that ever was introduced here.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 11, noes 24.
Mr. FOOTE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
« For the balance due and unpaid to Peter Parker, for his
services, according to the intent and spirit of the appropria-
