1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28i
beyond my advertisement. But I wish to make
an inquiry which cannot very well be answered
without refuting some assertions that have been
made here. For what did Mr. King go to Cali-
fornia? Who paid him? I wish to say nothing
else on this point. But a word- with regard to the
representatives of New Mexico coming here and
asking for compensation for a flagrant usurpation.
Gentlemen call this " honest!" It is said this gen-
tleman came here as honestly as the gentlemen
from California. Perhaps I might differ with the
Senator on this point. I do not intend to bring
about any debate. But I do think to allow this
claim of a supposed Senator from New Mexico
would be making States as cheap as whetstones.
Mr. DAWSON. The published instructions
of Mr. King tell what he went for. The chargo
was that he had secret instructions, which were
brought to bear upon California. This insinua-
tion has gone out to the country. It has been de-
nied on this floor by the honorable Senator from
California. It has been denied by General Riley,
late Governor of that State. And I am gratified,
I repeat, that,Mr. King stands before the country
freed from that imputation.
Mr. HALE. If this discussion is to be pursued,
I think I shall move an inquiry to ascertain for
what purpose the Turkish Envoy came here. It
would have as much bearing upon the question as
the discussion of the purpose for which Mr. King
went to California. The honorable Senator from
Georgia thinks this case is entirely analogous to
the case of California. Why, there is all the dif-
ference in the world.- California got in: New
Mexico was kept out. That makes a very great
difference here.
Mr. FOOTE. I regret very much that all this
appears impertinent and irrelevant to the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire. He is struck
with surprise at this debate. Why, I think it is
all involved in this proposition to appropriate
money to pay for the expenses of the Senator elect
from New Mexico. I shall not go into California
affairs. They have already been sufficiently in-
vestigated. But I feel bound to say that I enter-
tain such high peisonal respect and warm senti-
. ments for the Senator elect from New Mexico, who
is present, that it would afford me the highest
gratification to vote for this appropriation, if I
could reconcile it to my sense of duty and pro-
priety. But I must say that I consider this very
different from the California case, although I do
not by any means approve all that took place in
California antecedent to the formation of a State
government. I must consider the case of New
Mexico as being very different in some of its lead-
ing features from the case of the admission of Cal-
ifornia, and the election of her Senators, who now
hold their seats on this floor.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Georgia well
knows that this proceeding in New Mexico was
undertaken under instructions from the Govern-
ment. And this makes it much more flagrant, much
more unpardonable. Under such circumstances,
if those instructions had been carried into effect,
this country would have, been inevitably involved
in civil war. It was first hinted at here, first rec-
ommended and urged upon us heie. When this
idea was first broached here, I denounced it as a
proposition fraught with iniquity, and pregnant
with the utmost mischief. I repeat, the sugges-
tion was first made here, and received sanction
elsewhere. It was acted upon in New Mexico,
and acted upon with the full knowledge of all the
circumstances connected with the transaction; with
a full prescience of the consequences which would
inevitably ensue in the event of such a measure
being consummated. Can any man doubt, that if
New Mexico had been recognized as a State of this
Confederacy, civil war would have occurred, out
of which civil war this blessed Union itself would
have been destroyed? No man can doubt it. I
therefore feel bound, in a spirit of frankness, to
state my opinion. I think that the recommenda-
tion—the unreasonable, injurious, unwise, recom-
mendation which emanated from this Government
to the people of New Mexico, which deluded
them, which fatally misled them, almost precipi-
tated this country in civil war, with all its dire
consequences, amongst which would have been
the destruction of this Union, which we all prize
so highly. It was persisted in in the face of aii
the monitions emanating from this Chamber, in
the face of the most solemn and emphatic declare*
tions of honorable Senators here, of leading influ-
ence in the country, as to its impropriety, and as
to the mischievous consequences likely to ensue
from an attempt to execute this scheme. A worse
act has never marked our national history—a more
reprehensible contrivance has never left its stain
upon the history of any country. It was bad m
itself, and bad in its execution. It deserves lan-
guage of denunciation; and I doubt not the future
historian will record it in language of contempt-
uous disrespect, and consign all v/ho are connected
with it to that infamy which, in my judgment,
they deserve.
As to the people of New Mexico, I do not blame
them at all. They were misled; they were de-
luded. I have sympathized with that deluded peo-
ple from the beginning of this matter up to the
present moment. But yet I cannot think it proper
to impart the least possible sanction to any part of
this proceeding. I therefore shall feel bound to
vote against the amendment.
Mr. EWING. The remarks of the Senator
from Mississippi were out of order. They neither
merit nor do they require an answer. I will then
simply reply to a suggestion made by the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr." Dawson.] He made the in-
quiry, " what difference is there between Califor-
nia and New Mexico?" I can answer his ques-
tion in a very few words. The difference is that
California has representatives on this floor to re-
ply to and refute the calumnies which are uttered
here and elsewhere against the la'e Executive and
against his fellow-citizens. New Mexico has none.
Mr. FOOTE. The honorable Senator from
Ohio says he did not conceive that my remarks
either merited or required an answer, it was very
well for him to say that, since what I said was
unanswerable. If he declines the defence of that
which no man can approve, but every honest pa-
triot out of this Senate of course does and must
condemn, it was very convenient for the honorable
Senator to say that; it was very polite, and per-
haps very courteous; but about that I will not dis-
pute with the honorable Senator.
I did not intend by any means to disturb the
ashes of the illustrious dead, or to allude in lan-
guage of unkindness or disrespect to the late Pres-
ident of the United States, i never did so when
he was living, and I shall not do so now that lie is
entombed. I stated distinctly that the proposition
to make New Mcxico a State originated here. It
originated in a quarter that has not had the least
political respect from me at any time. [Pointing
to Mr. Seward.] I stated that evil counsels,else-
where than the Executive mansion, had received
sanction to a certain extent; that they had been
acted upon with a full knowledge of the concomi-
tant circumstances, with a prescience of the dan-
gers likely to arise from an attempt to carry this
scheme into execution. No man can deny that
the object of which i speak was a bad one. I be-
lieve there is no member of this Senate who is not
personally interested in the matter, on the score of
reputation, that does not agree with me on this
point. I only spoke what distinguished members
of the Whig party, who are members of this Sen-
ate, have spoken before. I only reiterated lan-
guage which I heard with delight and admiration
from distinguished Whig statesmen in this Cham-
ber. I only repeated what the enlightened press
of the country, of both parties, has already de-
clared. And, if what I have said is unworthy of
reply from the honorable Senator from Ohio; if
what I have said does not require reply from the
honorable Senator from Ohio, it is because the
matter is res adjudicata. The culprits have been
scrutinized; their conduct has been examined into;
the brand of infamy, eternal infamy, has been af-
fixed to them. 1 have not alluded to the honorable
Senator from Ohio. God forbid that I should sup-
pose him thus guilty. I trust he may be enabled
hereafter to clear himself of all suspicion and dis-
credit in relation to this matter. This opinion of
mine was expressed two or three months ago. I
have often repeated it since; and I felt bound to
present this argument on the present occasion, and
I believe nothing can be adduced against it even by
the honorable Senator from Ohio.
Mr. DICKINSON. I beg Senators who mean
to get through these appropriation bills to turn
their attention to the matter. 1 hope my friend
from Georgia will withdraw this proposition; I
have no idea that it can prevail.
Mr. DAWSON. X haveno desire to withdraw it.
Mr. DECKINSON. It is not my province to
lecture the Senate; but it is my duty to state facts.
And I would state that I think we shall find our-
selves in great trouble if we do not proceed with
our proper business. We have not time for polit-
ical discussion. I hope no one will launch upon
it, because a reply will be made, and so it will go
on.
Mr. RUSK. I do not intend to prolong this de-
bate. I do not intend to say anything reflecting
on the past Administration or the people of Santa
Fe; but I regret that this subject has been thrown
in upon this discussion at this time. This is a
matter in which the Executive Government of the
United States bore its part, and in which the State
of Texas bore its part. Their conduct must go
down to history, i do not intend to discuss it
now. The action of the Executive Government
of the United States and the action of Texas were
diametrically opposite. One of them was right
and the other was wrong. One was within the
pale of the Constitution and the other was clearly -
out of it. Whenever the subject comes legitimately
up, I am confident that I can show that the State
of Texas was acting within the pale of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will vote for this
amendment upon this ground. The Congress of
the United States failed to give a government to
these people, according to the treaty, two years
ago. You threw upon them the necessity of gov-
erning themselves. And when they resorted to
this mode of doing it—the establishment of a State
Gov ernment—it was in consequence of your wrong.
And I hold that you have no right to do that and
then refuse compensation to the agents whom they
may send here.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to detain the
Senate in the transaction of business, but as I in-
tend to vote against this amendment, 1 wish to state
briefly the reasons for my vote. In the first place,
there is no Senator in attendance here from New
Mexico. There was no competent body to elect
a Senator there. When the so-called Legislature
of New Mexico met for that purpose, they deposed
a large portion of tha representatives of the people,
and appointed new ones in their place. It was a
self-created body, and it did not emanate from the
people. That is one reason, I think, why we ought
not to encourage such transactions. In the next
place, it appears that this gentleman was an officer
of the army; and when he was discharged from
the service, he was entitled to mileage for travel-
ing to his place of residence, which was Washing-
ton city. He would be recompensed for traveling
as a disbanded officer from New Mexico to this
place; and this appropriation would be additional
to the contract that was made between the Gov-
ernment and him when he went to New Mexico.
1 can see no reason in favor of this amendment,
but every possible reason against it. If we wish
to encourage irregularities, and the payment of
self-created officers and emissaries, we wj 1 never
terminate, but wifl continually advance the claims
against the Government. For these reasons I shall
vote against the amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I am informed that the two
grounds upon which the Senator proceeds are
both without foundation. The person elected a
Senator in New Mexico has not been in the Uni-
ted States army for twelve months. As to what
the Senator has said in relation to the Legislature
there, I am authorized to say that it is a mistaken
apprehension, arising out of an improper publica-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware that this gentle-
man has not been in the service within twelve
months. It is not material at what time he left
the army. He was entitled to transportation to
his usual place of residence; and he was not dis-
charged until he had time to reach that place.
Unless this gentleman is a Senator, or unless there
is some prospect of his being inducted as one, I
cannot see any propriety m advancing him this
amount of money.
Mr. BUTLER. When new subjects are intro-
duced, not altogether germane to the subject under
consideration, 1 beg, so far as history can be cor-
rected by facts upon the occasion, that I may be
permitted to make my contribution. Now, what
did Mr. Semple, President of the California Coo-
vention, say m regard to Thomas Butler King?
