1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
before him, but only the tables reported by the
House committee; and if there was nolan inquiry
into that subject, he had been misled. He asked
the gentleman if there was not an inquiry how
many children a woman had borne?
Mr. THOMPSON. There is none
Mr. STRONG. There is in regard to slaves.
Mr. THOMPSON. I beg my colleague's par-
don; there is no such inquiry. There is such a
provision in the Senate bill.
Mr. WOODWARD. Then let this part of my
speech go for the Senate; they have quite as much
need of it there as here, in relation to this subject.
• There was a delicacy (Mr. W. continued) in
every refined mind that revo ted from having
everything made known in regard to private
family relations, even where there was no guilt or
scandal. What fami ies did not conceal from one
another, or from friends? They were unwilltng
to have proclaimed in the market, or spread upon
public archives. How old a person was, how
much property he had, how many children his
wife had lost, were questions annoying to a sensi-
tive mind, even when put by a private person,
and much more so when demanded with a penalty
by a censor of Government for publication.
Having gone thus far, who knew where they
would stop? Go read the history of the Roman
censorship; see, from a modest beginning, what
an odious tyranny it became in process of time—
the most odious with which the Roman people
was oppressed. Compare its progress, from its
beginning to its ending, with the progress you
have made thus far, and see in how short a time
you will reach the greatest excess. Next you
will inquire into all church matters—who go to
church, how often, &c.
The policy of this bill was to lay the foundation
for a system of direct taxation. Mr. W. then pro-
ceeded to show that the resources of the country
by imposts were gradually diminishing. Imposts
(he said) were a tax not upon wealth, but upon
the difference between domestic and foieign cost
of production. This difference was continually
^diminishing in the United Stales, and would pres
ently banish, and with it the foundation of imposts.
What was now a revenue duty, would presently
be a prohibitory duty. To raise revenue, therefore,
all duties must be progressively reduced. But
the manufacturing interests could not submit to
this reduction. They must, therefore, look out for
other sources of revenue; they must look to direct
taxes.
He would beg gentlemen to look at one feature,
in our commercial relations, and industrial and ag-
ricultural pursuits at home. We had a climate
comprehending every climate of Europe—a soil ca-
pable of producing everything that belonged to the
soil .of Europe, and at a cheaper rate than any
other country in the world. Look at the arncie
of sugar. Twenty years ago sugar would have
borne an impost duty of one hundred per cent.
What was the state of the case now ? Half of that
sum would amountto an absolute prohibition; and
in five years hence, sugar might be exported from
the United States, and would be incapable of bear-
ing any duty. In Louisiana, Texas, and the south-
western portion of the country, owing to the soil,
the climate, and the African slave labor, sugar
would then be made twenty per cent, cheaper than
in any other portion of the world.
Mr. BAYLY (in his seat) and exported to 
Mr. WOODWARD,(continuing.) Exported—
yes, exported to the end of the world in ten
years from this time. And if in ten years hence,
any duty at all should be laid upon that ar-
ticle, it must be an export duty. Had Congress
the right to lay such a duty? But he would not
dwell on this particu'ar branch of the subject
What he contended for was, that this information
was not desired with a view tojmpose taxes,
and that we could not, from the power to enumer-
ate tfe people, derive t'he power to enumerate the
property—one being expressed in order to he cre-
ated, the other should have been expressed if it
was designed to be created. But admitting the
pnncipfe that we could take the value of property,
there was no authority to go beyond it. Under
the Constitution of the United States, the word
" census" was defined. So was the word "trea-
son." (t left everything else to be defined by po~
hticalscience. It defined •' census" and "treason"
in order to limit them. The word " census" it
defined in the first instance, and then, in a subse-
rjuent clause, it said t( census*' or (( enumeration.**
That was a special census. A census literally de-
fined, comprehended more than an enumeration;
but our census was a mere enumeration, and this
particular census which was mentioned in the
Constitution, was defined to be an enumeration.
And well might the frameis of the Constitution
have been careful in defining the extent of the
power—remembering, as they did, ail fiesh from
| the study of Roman history and of political his-
1 tory everywhere—well might they be cautious,
when they remembered the chaiacter under the
Roman government of that censorship which was
commenced and half developed in the bill under
consideration. If gentlemen limited themselves
to an enumeration of the value of properly, the
bill would not be so objectionable. If they went
beyond that, they would disappoint themselves
He made no threats. But thete were hundreds of
thousands of persons in the United Stales, who
would not answer the questions which this in-
solent censorship might put to them. He would
not answer them. No obtrusive officer should
come into his house and ask for this informa-
tion. He would not answer, and hundreds of
thousands of others would not. He would go
! to the extent of fixing property and its value;
j but ail this insolence, ail this curiosity should
receive no indulgence frotft him. If the people
should be called upon simply to give this in-
information, of their own free will, u was proba-
ble they might do so. But when it came upon
them m the form of a demand—when fines were
to be levied upon them if they did not tell how they
got sick, how they d led, and how they got cured—
if they would not leii all about their marriages, all
about the birth of their children—and when they
were told that unless they answered all these
things, they would go to jai1, the case assumed an
entirely different aspect. Tms was one objection
to the bill—that the information sought form these
particulars would be unreliable; it would not be
full and perfcct. There was once a member here
who refused to vote, it was attempted to make
him vote. Did the attempt succeed ? And was it
less clear that the right existed to make that mem-
ber vote, than to make a woman tell how old she
was? Which was the clearest right ? And if, i*i the
former case, there was a failure, how was it to be
expected that in the latter the attempt should be
successful? If the point was yielded in this
House, would gentlemen contend for it with a
woman? These things were all odious. The in-
quisitorial officer was, of all others, and under every
Government, the most odious. It was a bore to be
catechised by anybody—but for a family to be in-
truded upon by a Government offi ;er and asked a
thousand questions was insufferable; and the
county would resist it. it was this which made the
Roman Empire odious—and it was this which
would make this Government odious. And he had
made these remaiks to show that infoimatiori
thuscollected would be unreliable, because it would
not contain the whole tiuth.
Mr. CARTTER said he saw no particular pro-
priety or impropriety in the introduction of the
church statistics into the census bill: statistics re-
lating to the various denominations are periodi-
cally ascertained and published by the religious |
bodies themselves, and nothing can be added to '
the information already possessed by means of I
the census. As no information is to be derived j
that we do not already possess, the less the Gov- J
ernment has to do with religion the better: with !
this view I am not disposed to support this branch i
of the bill. Nor am I disposed to vote for any j
question in the schedule that is u necessary to j
elicit information or that would offend delicacy. 1
I am compelled however, to differ from the gentle- i
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,] m j
the assumption that an inquiry as to the name of \
a man, woman, or child is impertinent or impu- ,
dent. A name is given to a person for the purpose |
of entitling the person, and none aie reluctant to i
be recognized by it but those who have d >ne some-
thing to disgrace it. But over ihe etiquette of the
matter there can be no great difference of opinion.
There is no gentleman upon this floor who is dis-
posed to insult his constituents; and I apprehend
these objections are taken, not because the matter
in itself ts objectionable, but wiih the view of de-
featingoneof the objects of the bill. Whatever may
be my vote upon the immaterial details of the bill,
I am willing and anxious to vote for all its sub-
stantial inquiries, and forward as far as, I am. able
its principal objects.
The tables embrace a call for information of a
substantial character. A proper answer to them
will fnrnis^knowledge necessary to a proper-un-
derstanding of the rapidly-unfolding resources and
diverse interests of the country—information im-
portant to. the citizens of the nation in their daily
business relations, and indispensable to a correct
discharge of our duty as Representatives of the
people. We enact no law that does not affect the
interests of some poriior of the country, especially
appiopriatioos affecting the Treasury, it is ob-
vious to every member here, that the coriect dis-
charge of legislative duty must depend upon a
full understanding of these varied inteiests of the
country.
The constitutional doubts which have been ex-
pressed by several gentlemen as to ihe power of
Congress in providing a law for the enumeration
of the inhabitants of the United States, to also
provide for ascertaining iis wealth, have preset ted
no difficulty to my mind. The course of argu-
ment which they have found it necessarv'to
pursue in resisting the passage of this bill", ac-
knowledges indirectly the power, h is acknowl-
eged by all, that if we were engaged in the woik of
creating a law by the' force of which direct taxes
weie to be imposed, it would be constitutional to
inquire info the value of the property, and the
character of the interests to be taxed, in a word,
the power to tax involved- the power, and en-
joined the duty, of ascertaining and unden-tariding
the subject of taxation. This argument, although
designed to explain away the constitutional power
to call for statistical information in this connec-
tion, in my judgment, confirms it. If the power
to levy direct taxes, imposts and excise duties—
powerexpresslygiven in the Constitution-— implies
the nectssity and authorny to inquire into'the
subject of tax, impost, and excise, the same reason
and auihoiiiy will justify the inquiry insubordi-
nate to the legislative enforcement of indirect
taxation through customs. This Government is
exercising the highest'power of sovereignty in
taxing and collecting from ti.e industry of ih<8
country, or some other, annually, the sum of fom
thuty-five to forty-five millions of dollars, i am
aware ihat there is a school of political econo-
mists, who have endeavored to inculcate the doc- «
tiine that Ihis sutp, the product of revenue and
protective imposts, is not a tax upon the con-
sumer, and does not reach the people in the form
of taxation. That it is created out of nothing,
and felt nowhere.
I arryiot a disciple of this faith. 1 b.elieve th.'s
sum to be a tax, and a tax upon the consuming-
portion of our people, and especially that portii n '
not etigaged in the fabrication of the merchand.se
protected by the economy of the tariff. If correct
in this view of the subject, and I have no doubt
the sentiment is the judgment of a majority of the
House, we are exeicising the power of taxation
eveiy session of Congress; and as an incident to
us exercise, have the i ight and obligations of duty
to requite that we should be informed of the
various interests affected by tariff imposts, and
their relations with each other. Sir, U there are
reasons in the process of diiect taxation for
ascertaining the condition of the mteiests af-
fected—a proposition conceded—there are double
reasons for acquiring the same knowledge m the
imposition of indirect taxation through a tariff.
In ihe first instance, the tax payer is admonish*d
by a direct demand for money, thai lie is paying
trioute to the Government, and that admonition is
tiansferred from him to his representative, the
result of which could not be otherwise than a
watchful guardianship ov« r the public treasure
andfuithtul economy in its disbursement. In the
latter case, the tax is drawn from the consumer
insidiously and insensibly by way of meat, drink
and clothing, daily, from the first day of January
to the last day of December, morning, noon and
night. The fund ihus imperceptibly txtiacted is
irresponsibly expended.
There is a method of ascertainingtan^ibly where
this taxation falls, and when ascertained, equaliz-
ing its burdens. An important item in the process
is a full disclosure of the various resources and
wealth of the Republic, which is the fiist step to a
correct knowledge of the wants of the people rep-
resenting these various interests. For instance, it
is a part of the current business history of this
