1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
The PRESIDENT, (Mr. Bell occupying the
chair.) The Chair feels constrained to say that
this is not in order.
Mr- BUTLER. I am merely following in the
footsteps of other gentlemen.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is only desir-
ous to keep the debate within proper limits. He
merely made the suggestion. He will not inter-
fere with the Senator, however.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall occupy but a moment.
Here is what Mr. Semple, President of the Cali-
fornia Convention, said upon the subject:
"I fee! under some obligation to repeat a conversation
which lias a direct bearing upon this matter. There is a
distinguished member of Congress, who holds his seat from
one of the States of the Union, now in California. With a
desire to obnun all the Information possible in relation to
the state of things on the other side of the mountains, I
asked him what was the desire of the people in Congress?
I obseived to him that it was not th'e desire of the people of
California to Jake a larger boundary than the Sierra Nevada,
and that we would prefer not embracing within our limit*
this desert waste to the East. His reply was: £ For God's
sake, I-ave us no territory to legislate upon in -Congress.'
He went on to state then that the great object in our forma-
tion of a State government was to avoid further legislation;
there would be iio question as to our admi^ion by adopting
this course; and tint all subjects of minor importance could
afterwards be settled. I think it my duty to impart this in-
formation to the Convention. The conversation took place
between Mr. Thomas Butler King and myself."
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President 
Mr. CA'SS. I would submit to the honorable
Senator from California whether there is any use
in saying anything on this matter? It has been
discussed here for ten months; and no one could
tell us anything more about it than we have heard
already.
Mr. GWIN. I think great injustice has been
done Mr. Kins: in this matter. I was present
when that statement was made by the President
of the Convention. The very moment it was
made the fact that his authority was even quoted
in.that Convention, it was denounced. It was
asked who was Thomas Butler King, and what
right had he to dictate to that Convention? If it
were not for the statement ihat Mr. King had
wished a certain boundary, it would have been
different from what it was. But when it was sug-
gested that he desired a certain boundary, the Con-
vention turned round and voted a different bound-
ary. But Mr. King had no influence, and at-
tempted to exercise none, in the Convention, so
far as I saw. At the time it was held he was
lying on what we supposed to be his death-bed,
one hundred and twenty miles from where the
Convention was sitting. I think great injustice
has been done to Mr. King by charging him with
interfering in this matter, and still greater injustice
to the people of California, to suppose they would
have permitted such interference.
The question was then taken and resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Chase,
Clarko, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Jowa, Ewing, Greene, Gwin,
Hamlin, Seward, Shield-*, Smith, Spruance, Undenvood,
Wales and Winthrop—23.
NAYS—Me-srs. Barnwell, Bright, Butler. Cass, Clay,
Dickm?nn, Downs, Fetch, Fonte, Houston, Hunter, Jone«,
King, Masson, Moifon, Norris, Piatt. Ru«;k, Sebastian, SouIp,
Turaey, Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee—24.
^.-"So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARKE. I am instructed by the Com-
mute on Public Buildings to offer the following
amendment:
"For compensation of the architect and superintendent of
public buildings in the District of Columbia, $1,800.
I will make a brief statement of the reasons
which governed the committee in recommending
the appropriation. The present superintendent of
public buildings has a salary of but a thousand
dollars a year. He has rendered very useful
service in preparing draughts of various projects
that have been formed within the past year and
during the last session of Congress in relation to
the public buildings. He has displayed much
architectural skill. The gentleman who now
holds this office has not only performed the duties
attached to the office, but has also performed a
great amount of service as architect. The com-
mittee have therefore unanimously recommended
the amendment which I have now proposed.
Mr. DICKINSON". I trust the amendment
will not prevail. I cannot believe it necessary.
The amendment was adopted as follows—ayes
19, noes 17.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I move to amend the bill
by adding after the appropriation for the Bureau
of Indian Affairs the following:
"For the'salary of the assistant messenger $500, to be
computed from the 1st day of July last."
1 desire merely to say that $500 was formerly
the compensation of that officer. But some years
ago the salaries in that bureau were generally di-
minishedjand this among them was diminished to
$400. The individual who holds the office asks
that his salary may be made $500, to correspond
with the increased salaries in the bureau, and the
salaries of other assistant messengers.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. BADGER. I have been waiting very qui-
etly and patiently to offer two or three small
amendments. I will now offer the first amend-
ment. 1 would mention to the chairman of the-
Pinance Committee that the amendment does not
make a new appropriation. It merely makes
clear and distinct an appropriation already in the
bill. I move to strike out the words "south of
the Capitol" in this clause: "For like improve-
ments on New Jersey avenue, [south of the Cap-
itol,] $2,000, to be expended under the direction
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,"and in-
sert in lieu thereof, "from Capitol square to public
reservation number 17, according to such grade as
the Corporation of Washington may hereafter es-
tablish."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to the next amendment, which I am
about to offer. On page forty-eight of the bill
there occurs this appropriation:
" For the payment of Richard Rush of a balance ascer-
tained to be due by the accounting officeis of the Treasury,
for bi  salary as Attorney General of the United Slates, and
for the satisfaction of which there is no appropmtnn,
$259 59: Prowled, hoever, That hereafter the prop< r ac-
counting ofheers of the Tiea-ury, or other pay officers of the
United States, shall in no ca^e allow nny-,pay lo one indi-
vidual the salaties of two different offices on account of
having performed the duues thereof at the same time."
I did not know that this proviso would be held
to exclude, and perhaps it was not intended to ex-
clude a certain class of officers, three or four m
number, which are known to tne Senate to exist.
We have appropriations in this bill for a class of
officers called " superintendents of the Executive
buildings," who receive a compensation of §250.
It has always heretofore been found best that the
heads of departments should select some one in
the departments connected with the public build-
ings to discharge this duty, two hundred and fifty
dollars being entirely inadequate to procure the
services of a competent person to devote his whole
time to the matter. I propose, therefore, to insert
the following at the end of that proviso:
" But this prohibition shall not extend to the superintend-
ents ot the executive buildings"
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I move to amend the bill by
inserting at the end of the first section the follow-
ing:
(i £nd for the purpose of enabling the Clerk of the Houce
of R presentatives to pav for publishing the debates and pro-
ceedings of the House of Representatives during the fiist
ses.-ion of the 30th Congress, and ihe first -e :?ion of the 3lst
Consress, in the < (Jnion' and < fntPliisreneer' the sum of
$7 50 per column for each column of said proceedings pub-
lished in said papers, or either of them, is hereby appio-
pnated ; and ihe Clerk of the House of Representatives is,
hereby authorized and duected to pay the ^atne accordingly:
Provided, That the Cleik shall have first ascertained accu-
rately the number ot columns of said proceedings published
in each of said papers."
I offer this amendment on the authority of sev-
eral members of the Hou^e of Representatives,
upon their statement that there was an under-
standing in that House for the reporting of those
debates and proceedings the editors of those pa-
pers were to have a suitable compensation. The
amendment which I now offer was in charge of
a Democratic member of that House, who in-
tended to have proposed it. But while the House j
was in committee on this bill that gentleman was i
called out of his place. During his absence a ,
motion was made that the committee rise, which |
prevailed, and the bill was reported to the House.
By the rules of the House it was then too late to
offer the amendment. I offer it here, not by way
of determining whether it is right, but that the
House may have an opportunity to pass judg-
ment on the matter. They know their under-
standings about their reports. If we adopt this
amendment it will give the House an opportunity
of determining whether it is their sense and judg-
ment that this appropriation should be made for
payment for the publication of their debates.and
proceedings. I offer it in consequence of the cir-
cumstance I have mentioned, by which a vote
could, not be taken on it. If the House should
not concur in this amendment, after we adopt it,
of course it will fail.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that we have
quite enough to do to attend to our own matters
in relation to the business of printing. We ought
not to interfere with the House of Representa-
tives. If they do not choose to make' the appro-
priation, why should we interfere to aid them?
They have a contingent fund. Let them pay for
this out of their contingent fund. Why shoulu we
come in and naake appropriations for their print-
ing? I am utterly opposed to this system of le-
gislating in regard to what properly belongs to
the contingent fund of the other House. I hope
the amendment will not be adopted; and before
sitting down I wish the Senator from North Car-
olina would tell us what this will cost. How
much will it take to pay for this service?
Mr. BADGER. 1 think that my friend from
Virginia has fallen into a strange' error in saying
that he is not for undertaking the supeiintendence
of the affairs of the House. Why, the Senator
must surely know that the House had very kindly
taken the superintendence of the Senate. The
House have, in this very appropriation bill, sent
here a proposition by which they undertake to take
charge of the concerns of the Senate m a matter
which is supposed most nearly to touch 'the
Senate, because it touches their compensation.
And this Senate, on Saturday last, voted that the
House was right in undertaking that superintend-
ence, and that we ought to be grateful to them for
it, and accept the restrictive provision they thought
necessary to impose on us.
Now, I wish to take a Christian man'-s revenge
of the House—not to undertake the superintend-
ence of any of their proceedings for the purpose
of offering reproach; not to indicate that they are
£oing wrong, and need our restraint and control;
but for the purpose of giving the House an oppor-
tunity of passing upon this question, which pecu-
liarly concerns them, and which, as I learn from
several members of the House, they were pre-
vented from passing upon by the accidental cir-
cumstance which I have mentioned.
In regard to the contingent fund of the House,
my friend from Virginia forgets entirely that this
bill ends the contingent fund of the House for the
present session. If we do not put this appropria-
tion here, they will not be able to pay this out of
their contingent fund. • If my friend prefers it, I
will modify this amendment so as to make this an
addition to the contingent fund of the House. But
my friend wilt recollect that this very bill contains
an appropriation, in similar language, for the
" Globe" newspaper. I know nothing about the
merits of this proposition. 1 only know that it is
for the House to determine, exactly as we deter-
mine, whether they understood that they were to
pay for publishing their debates and proceedings.
I wish to put this in this appropriation bill, not to
coerce the House, but to give the House an oppor-
tunity of determining whether or not they will pay
for this service. If they shall decline to accede to
the amendment, of course it will fall. I merely
wish to give the House an opportunity of doing,
what i am assured they deem to be right, and
which they were prevented from doing by the ac-
cidental circumstance 1 have before mentioned. I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am opposed to inviting the
House to make expenditures, which they do not
choose to make for themselves, if the House de-
sired to make this expenditure, why did not some
committee of the House ask the Committee on
Finance for an amendment for the purpose ? In
every instance where a committee of the House
recommended an amendment, the Committee on
Finance offer one for them. But on the present
occasion no such request w^s made, no such evi-
dence has been produced; we have no evidence
that any committee of the House desires to make
this appropriation.
But my friend from North Carolina says that
the House has interfered with the concerns of the
Senate in relation to constructive mileage for extra
sessions. Does he not remember that that grows
out of a law passed by both Houses and approved
by the President ? And what exists by law, can
