GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1850.
New Series No, 122.
<sf the committee read; and if we are to compen-
sate this printer now, over and above what the
contract entitles him to, I think at least we should
retain whatever would be equitable and right,
where he has obtained fourfold* what his work
■Was worth, and what Icsnsider he was not author-
ized to receive under any contract.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to make a few remarks
in reply to one point presented by the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr Tcrney]—that which re-
lates to the extraordinary price paid to the con-
tractor for printing the Opinions of the Supreme
Court in certain cases. No censure ought to at-
tach to the contractor for the amount paid in that
case. He did not himself decide on the amount
which he should receive. The law required that
it should be fixed by the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and the-Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives. They do not pretend, nor does any one
else, that the contractor in that case set up a claim
to any particular amount. He only received
what they—as they wete under the law required
to do—decided that he was entitled to; and he has
very generously, in the memorial which has been
laid upon our tables, proposed that if he be re-
lieved from this onerous contract, the extraordi-
nary amount paid for the printing of that docu-
ment shall go into the general calculation, and be
paid for, not under the contract, but under the law
of 1819, with 45 per cent, off, being 15 per cent,
less than has" ever been paid. The printer pre-
sents us with evidence which shows conclusively
that he is not to make a farthing profit; and the
presumption is that he will be a large loser; but
he is willing to run that risk for the purpose of
being relieved from this contract, which every one
who has looked into it must admit is ruinous in
its effects.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Indiana if 1 understood him to say that,
under the proposition now made, if accepted by
the Senate, the work would be done fifteen per
cent, lower than it was ever done for before ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I stated that the printing al-
ready done was to be paid for forty-five per cent,
less than the rates fixed by the law of 1819, and
that there has been no printing, as I am informed,
for less than thirty-three, per cent, under the rates
fixed.bythe resolutions of 1819. At one period,
I am told, a contract was taken for thirty-three per
eent. below that law.
Mr. DAWSON. This, then, will reduce it the
difference between thirty-three and forty-five ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I think the Senator from Geor-
gia does not understand the exact provisions of the
amendment. I will endeavor to explain them.
For the printing done from the time the contract
was taken up to the present time, the contractor
proposes to take forty-five per cent, less than the
law of 1819.
Mr. DAWSON. I understand that.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House are to get the work
done which has to be done after the present printer
is relieved of his contract, wherever it can be done
best, at a cost of thirty per cent, under the law of
1819.' • .
Mr. DAWSON. Then it will be done cheaper
than it ever has been done before ?
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes. «
Mr. DAWSON. I am satisfied.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have stated my views in
regard to legislating on extraordinary matters in
the appropriation bill too often to need to repeat
them now. So far as regards the queslion of pub-
lic printing, it is always a subject of controversy,
and a fruitful source of discussion and embarrass-
ment to legislative bodies. I hoped we had got
rid of it here when we entered into the contract
system; but, for reasons which 1 will not state at
length, because there is not time, though I believe
I understand most of the questions involved in it,
it has failed. 1 know nothing about the public
printing now, except that I understand it is a
source of great embarrassment, not only to Con-
gress, but to the individuals engaged in it. My
thoughts have been drawn in different directions,
122
and I have not had time and thought enough—
though I employ both constantly in theduties that
appertain to my position—to examine into the
matter. I regret exceedingly that it has been
thought necessary to bring in this amendment to
this bill, because I would rather lay aside this bill
and everything else, and take up the subject-sepa-
rately, if it is necessary, in order to do the indi-
vidual justice, and to relieve the public necessities;
and I cannot be induced to depart from the ideas I
have formed in regard to it for any other purpose
or reason than to meet a public exigency for pub-
lic purposesf If, in the opinion of those who have
looked into the matter, some legislation is neces-
sary to do justice to the individual concerned, and
to execute the public business, I will not raise any
objection as to manner or form. If it is necessary
that it should be done now, it can be done in no
other way than this. If it can be postponed, I
should greatly prefer it. I departed last year, at
theclose of the session, from the rule which I deem
most salutary, and undertook to organize govern-
ments for the Territories in the appropriation bill.
1 did so from a high necessity. I can depart from
the usual routine when I am giver* to understand
by those who have paid attention to the subject
that there is a high public necessity. I have paid
no particuJar attention to this matter, and I there-
fore leave the question in other hands.
Mr. BADGER. I am very much obliged to
my honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,]
for having brought forward this proposition. I am
entirely in favor of it. 1 hope that it will receive
the sanction of the Senate, and meet with that of
the House of Representatives. In the first place,
sir, my honorable friend from New York [Mr.
Dickinson] intimates, as the objection he has to
it, that it is not proper to be brought forward as a
proposition upon an appropriation bill. With him
I ordinarily think it a very strong and almost fatal
objection "to any proposition of this kind, inde-
pendently entirely of its intrinsic merits. But,
Mr. President, this whole session has been an
anomaly in the history of American legislation.
From causes not necessary now to be adverted to,
we know that many months of this session were
passed without any application, on the part of
either House of Congress, to the regular and or-
dinary business of the two Houses; and therefore
we are obliged to yield matters of form to matters
of substance, and consider rather what is neces-
sary and proper to be done, than the particular
place and manner in which, under ordinary cir-
cumstances, it ought to be done. This is a suffi-
cient reason with me for treating this measure with
consideration, although proposed a3 an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill.
Then, Mr. President, as to the intrinsic merits
of the proposition itself. When I first came into
the Senate of the United States, towards the close
of the first session in which f served here, an ap-
plication was brought forward for the purpose of
allowing—it came to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives, 1 believe—as part of the appropriation
bill, a large addition to what was due to the public
printer, according to the strict terms of the con-
tract into which he had entered. That addition
was voted by the Senate. I opposed it. I voted
against it. I voted against it upon the ground that
it was not pretended, either by the printer or by
the gentlemen who supported that measure upon
this floor, that the contract or bargain which he
had made had resulted in a loss to him; and I pro-
fessed my entire willingness, the moment that such
a state of facts should be made to appear, or should
be plausibly suggested, to give my hearty appro-
bation and support to the proposal. I deemed it
unbecoming that the American people should re-
ceive from one who had made a contract with
them the performance of services resulting in a
loss to him, when the nation was amply able to
pay for whatever services were rendered at the in-
stance of their representatives. I then stated, as
an objection to the particular allowance, that at
the next Congress we should have a like applica-
tion to make a large addition for the benefitof
those contractors as the lowest bidders: to which
it was answered, that they having become con-
tractors at the lowest bid, no such application
would be made, or if made, it could receive no
sanction or favor. I stand now upon precisely
the principle I then assumed.
In the first place, it is evident that the contract
which has been made for doing the public print-
ing, has been made upon terms injurious, if not
ruinous, to the contractors. # I will not stop to in-
quire whether the contract which was made by
them was made upon one set of calculations or
another. It is sufficient for me to understand, and
to believe, that by enforcing the strict performance
of that contract a great loss will be sustained by
the contractors, and I think that that loss the Gov-
ernment should not compel them to bear. In the
next place, Mr. President, 1 have been always op-
posed to the system by which the public printing
of Congress has been put up in the market to the
lowest bidder; a competition invited by which,
men, for the purpose of gaining public employ-
ment, should pledge themselves to discharge duties
for less than a remunerating price, and which
must, in my view, necessarily and inevitably re-
sult either in an entire failure to discharge faithfully
and promptly the contract, or in an unjust accumu-
lation of loss upon the parties bound to discharge
it. 1 know it may be said that those who bid at
such auctions—Dutch Auctions—a thing to be given
to him who will take it for the lowest price—are
men of competent understanding, and therefore all
is fair. But no man who has ever attended an
auction, who has ever brought himself under the
influence of such exciting competition, or who has
observed the influence of that competition upon oth-
ers, can have failed to perceive how even prudent,
and intelligent men, under ordinary circumstances,
aie carried away into incautious, imprudent, and
mischievous purchases.
Now, Mr. President, that being the state of
things here, I am disposed freely and willingly to
vote for the proposition made by my friend from
Indiana, [Mr. Bright.] I am willing to re-
lieve the persons who have made this contract by
paying to them a just and reasonable compensation
for what has been done, and to make provision by
which the future printing of Congress shall be
done well, done faithfully, and done promptly.
What have we experienced during this session of
Congress ? The difficulty and delay in procuring
any of our printing to .be done; the temptation and
almost necessity forced upon the contractors
of resorting to some means by which to make
a formal compliance with the contract, and save
themselves from a ruinous loss—forcing upon
our committee the necessity of rejecting and re-
quiring the reprinting, at great expense to the
contractor, of what has been printed under the
orders of the Senate; and, finally, exposing us to
delay and the country to the inconvenience of hav-
ing documents not fit for preservation* Sir, I am
for putting an end to this state of things, and re-
turning, in substance, to that respectable position
in which Congress was placed when each House
had its own printers, and when the printing was
done well and promptly, and the printers were re-
munerated fairly and reasonably; when, in a word,
neither the public nor the printers had, as a gen-
eral rule, any right to complain.
Now, sir, one word as to the particular publi-
cation which has been referred to here, the publi-
cation of the Opinions of the Judges of the Su-
preme Court in a certain important case, ordered
to be printed by the Senate of the United States.
Sir, I not only agree in what has been stated by
the Senator from Indiana, that the contractor was
in no way to blame in regard to the charge-made
for the publication of that document, because of
the reason assigned—that the price was estimated
by the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, who, under the law
and the contract, were to decide upon it—but, be-
cause, further, the decision made by the Secretary
of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives was a right and proper decision. I
have heard a good deal said upon that subject.
Many observations have b«ea made in this cham-
