1938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 2S,
ber. Gentlemen have chosen, as I most charita-
bly suppose, without an examination of this sub-
ject, to denounce and condemn the payment made
for that publication. I have examined it*, I have
looked into the contract; I have examined' it with
a lawyer's eye; I have carefully scanned it; and
I say upon my responsibility as a professional
man and as. a member of this body, that the ex-
position given to that contract by the officers of
the Senate and the House as to that publication,
was the true exposition. There was no outrage in
it, there was no fraud, there was no unjust charge
against the Government. Now, sir, whether the
contract was so arranged as though, if this matter
• had been foreseen, such a rate of compensation
would have been giveyi, is not the question. We
must stand or fall in that respect by the contract.
We can neither seek nor desire an escape fr6m it
upon the ground that it gave a larger rate of com-
pensation than was foreseen. The contract was
fairly made and well understood at the time; the
sum estimated by the t.wo officers appointed for
that purpose was, in my judgment, after a careful
examination'of the whole matter, fairly, justly,
and legally ascertained under the terms of the
contract. Then, sir, what was the effect? Why,
the printer entitled to this amount of compensa-
tion voluntarily relinquished a large portion of
what, according to the strict terms of the contract
between him and the House, he was entitled to
receive. Now, sir, with the explanation made by
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] that this
proposition is that that particular branch of the
public printing should be accounted and settled for
upon the terms of the resolution of 1819, with the
reduction proposed in this- bill, it seems to me
that there is nothing unreasonable or unjust in any
part of the arrangement. I believe myself that it
•will very materially facilitate "the progress of fu-
ture printing, and enable us to have decent docu-
ments upon good paper, well executed, fit for circu-
lation, and proper to be preserved; and, above all,
as my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] says
delivered to us in proper time—received and cir-
culated before they get stale arid the public cease
to feel any interest in them. Therefore, sir, I am
ready to vote for the proposition.
Mr. FRATT. I have not reflected much upon
this subject, but if 1 understand the amendment
from hearing it read, it containstwo propositions—
the one in reference to the printing already done,
retrospective in its action, the other in reference to
printing to be done, and consequently prospective
so far as that is concerned. Now, I ask the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] or any
other gentleman, to tell me, in reference to the
printing already done under a contract between
the Government and the printer, upon what prin-
ciple it is that the Government is to enter into
another contract in reference to it? This printing
has been done; the work has been performed and
delivered at the price stipulated and agreed upon
by the contract entered into before the work was
done. Now the proposition is, that, in addition
to the sum paid for the work under the contract,
you are to pay under some new contract at the
rates established by the resolutions of 1819, minus
forty-five ppr cent. 
Mr. BADGER.. Shall I answer your question ?
Mr. PRATT. I have no objection to your
doing so.
Mr. BADGER. Why, my answer is this, and
I thought I had intimated it before: I stated that
the printer had no such right as this—none at all.
But I would have the Government act as a private
individual would act under similar circumstances.
The Senator from Maryland, 1 take it, if he had
made a contract with a person to discharge certain
duties and perform certain work, and found that
the individual could not do it, and would be a loser
by it, would alter the contract.
Mr. PRATT. That is the only principle I sup-
posed the Senator could act upon.
Mr. BADGER. I thought I stated it before.
Mr. PRATT. Now J admit that if I had em-
ployed an individual to do work for me, and had
discovered afterwards that our contract was ruin-
•ous to the party with whom I had contracted, I
should deem myself obliged to place the party
who had made the ruinous contract with me in a
position to prevent the ruin of which he would
have a right to complain——-
Mr. BADGER. And to make a fair profit of
course,
Mr. PRATT. And the Senator says, to make
a fair profit. Well, suppose that to be .'the case.
Have we any report from a committee of the Sen-
ate, or any information before us to show what
the profits of this contractor will be, taking the rate
of the resolution of 1819, with a deduction of 45
per eent. as the hasis of payment? I am informed
that this matter has been fully investigated in the
other branch of Congress, and I have just this mo-
ment been told by a brother Senator that the chair-
man of the Committee on Printing is confident that
if you adopt this amendment to pay at the rate
proposed in it, for the printing which has been al-
ready-done, that the Patent Office Reportalone,
which has been already prirfted, would give to the
printers a profit of $50,000. Now, I do not know
who the chairman of the committee is; I know
nothing about it; but that report having been made
to-day, I think it due to the Government that we
should examine into the subject. 1 -desire those
Senators who have spoken in favor of this propo-
sition to point me to the report of a committee of
the Senate, or to any specific information by which
we may know or be able to tell to the people of
our respective States what is the precise profit
which these contractors are to make upon work
already done, and already paid for, if we adopt
this amendment. If this has been an unprofitable
contract to the contractors, I have not the slightest
objection to refund to them whatever it has cost
them beyond what they have received, and 1 will
go further, and say they shall receive some profit;
but when it is proposed that the contract shall be
abandoned, in reference to work already done, I
want to know what is the amount of profit they
are to receive for that work; and when I am told
by a brother Senator that upon one particular book
already printed they will make $50,000 profit, I
want further information before I can vote.
Mr. FOOTE. Has the Senator from Maryland
any objection to state who was the brother Sen*
ator from whom he derived that information ?
Mr. PRATT. It was from the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Wales.]
Mr. FOOTE. 1 shall not now enter into a long
speech. 1 know it is unnecessary. But a charge
of " fraud" has been brought against one of the
most honorable, high-minded, pure-spinted men in
this Republic, which charge I shall for a moment
notice. I shall not undertake to go into an inves-
tigation at all of the foundation upon which this
charge purports to be based. The individual im-
plicated in this accusation has already defended
himself most triumphantly against this accusation,
preferred as it was by some of the most unprinci-
pled men who ever assailed the character of an
honorable man in this or any country under the
sun; and I doubt not, sir, that every intelligent
man in the Republic, who has read Mr. Ritchie's
defence, (with the exception of certain members
of Congress,) is already entirely satisfied of the
injustice of all such imputations as have been cast
upon him.
Sir, with regard to the actual profits which are
likely to accrue to the contractor, if the amend-
ment should be adopted, I confess that J am not
prepared to decide. I suppose the point to be one
of some doubt. 1 understand it, though, to be
true, and 1 do not question st at all, that the most
experienced practical printer in the country, the
man who has been most extensively engaged
in the execution of work of this sort, Mr. Ilives,
has testified before a committee of the other House,
that the most moderate terms on which this work
could be executed with safety to the printer him-
self, were terms far more liberal and advantageous
to the contractor than thoseembraced in theamend-
ment. I understand that Mr. Rives testified 
Mr. WALES. Will the Senator from Missis-
sippi allow me to state that I had it from Mr.
Rives himself, while this debate has been going
on, that he never testified as the gentleman has just
staled.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, I was told that he did so.
Mr. WALES. 1 have it from Mr. Rives him-
self that he did not.
Mr. FOOTE. At all events, Mr. Rives has not
testified, nor will any other man in the country tes-
tify, that there is any probability that the contractor
can make much money under the contract pro-
posed here. One thing is certain, that unless we
now adopt the amendment, or some other measure,
of relief, ruin, inevitable ruin, will fall upon the
contractor. Nobody can doubt this result, for it
has been satisfactorily proved before us, in atman-
ner that could not but haVe deeply enlisted tfre
sensibilities of all of us. Sir, the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] does not seem
to be aware £f the fact, that earrly.in the present
session of Congress, the contractor asked to be
released from his contract; Chat,he did so as soon
as he found it impracticable to execute it; that he
is not at all to blame for the delay which has oc-
curred, but has been constantly desirous of relin-
quishing his contract with us ever since he ascer-
tained that, owiftg to causes beyond his control,
and for the operation of yhich he was in no way
responsible, it would be wholly impossible for him
to comply with his engagements to us. in his
behalf, sir, I long since announced this state of
things, and urged the Senate to prompt action
upon the subject; but, much to my chagrin, I.
found the Senate, from certain causes unnecessary
to be specified, entirely averse to do anything in
the affair.
I will not detain the Senate very long;but as a
committee of the other House has been referred
to, i beg leave to bring to the notice of the Senate
some facts which were, as I understand, proved,
before that committee. I should not have occu-
picd the attention of the Senate at all with this evi-
dence, but for the extraordinary course which
this discussion has assumed, i understand what
the evidence before the committee of the other
House proves, (and I obtain my information from
as high an authority as any in the country, such,
at least, as I rely upon absolutely.) The evi-
dence was substantially as follows:
That the material and press power at the " Union office"
was amply sufficient for the usual amount of printing;
That double the amount of printing heretofore ordered
has been ordered by this Congress;
That every exertion has been made to expedite the work ;
That mote has been done in the same tune than ever be- ,
fore;
That great delay has been occasioned in the extra num-
bers by the law requiring them to be bound ;
That at the time that law was passed there was no estab-
lishment in Washington capable of doing it, and one had lo
be fitted up;
That the printer delivers extra numbers to the binder, and
.not to Congiess;
That the regular numbers were delayed for want of plates
furnished by persons over whom the printer had no con-
trol ;
That from this cause and delay atowing out of binding
printed matter accumulated in [he Union Buildings to -such
an extent that they were in danger of being crushed by'the-
weight, and other buildings were erected to receive it;
That since the establishment of the bindery it has been
fully supplied with the printed matter;
That the work has been as well done, if not better, than
ever before; and with all possible promptness.
Now, these are facts which have all been proved,
and the printer has simply applied to Ypu, under
all these circumstances, to do what? To do that
which we ought to have done last January—to re-
lieve him from the onerous and oppressive weight
of a contract which he finds it impossible for him
to execute, owing to circumstances too potential to
be resisted by him successfully, and in the gener-
ation of which he was not at all a participant.
Gentlemen say that he is not to be relieved—that
they are to hold him to the strict letter of the con-
tract. Is this just? Is it humane? Is it honora-
ble? I entertain no doubt that, if this amendment
j is adopted, the persons interested in this contract
j1 for printing will make only a very moderate profit
11 indeed, if they make any profit at all. My desire
i i is simply that the connection heretofore subsisting
h between the Union press, under the direction of
Mr. Ritchie, and Congress, may so terminate as,
ij at the same time, to save him fro^i rum, and save
11 us from the dishonor of inflicting such oppression
ji upon a worthy and patriotic man, who, unfortu-
;) natelj^has made some enemies—some in Congress
and some elsewhere—by a constant exhibition of
, j that fervid, pure-minded, elevated patriotism which
11 belongs to his character. If we refuse to release
'j him, the public will understand—the woild will
! understand—posterity will understand that illtb-
j; eral and heartless men have pursued him to his
ruin.
! The PRESIDENT. Order!
;! Mr. POOTE. -I do not speak of members of'
■1 Congress. He has been assailed m certain news-
: | papers, edited in a manner so unscrupulous as to
>1 have disgusted every man of sound feeling in the
Republic; and by letter-writers, still less worthy of
respect. This whole transaction, sir, will be un-
derstood and appreciated by the whole people of
the Republic, whose indignation will award to the
ignoble and heartless persecutors of the venerable
