844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
for his services as an Fndian interpreter; which
wa<5 refrrmi to the C>mmittee on1 Indian Affairs.
Mr, YULEE presented the petition of Coombs
GreenivW!,-asking compensation for^n injury re- !
cetved while in the performance of his duty as a
machinist at the Navy Yard at Washington; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, documents relating to the expediencyof
erecting a light house at Sea-Horse Key, on the
coast of Florida; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On motion hy Mr. DOWNS,
Ordered, Tim Joseph Walker have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
Mr, BRADBURY submitted documents rela-
ting to the claims of the States of Maine and Mas-
gdchiiHf its to compensation for the lands conveyed
by those Stives to the sellers at Madawaska, to
enable the United States to execute the4ih article
of the treaty <>f Ausrust 9, 3842, with the Govern-
ment of Great Britain.
The flection of the treaty of Washington under
which the case arose, the honorable gentleman
read as follows:
" Ml grants of land hertofoYo made hy either party, with-
in ihp limas of the. feiritorv winch, by tin- treaty, falls with-
in the dominion- of the other party, be held valid,
ratified and confirm'd to the per-ons in po-v-ession under
gueh grant-, to the same extent a* if such territory had hy
th?^ treaty f'lllen wiihm the dominions of die p my hy wb"m
such L'ra it< weremarie; .md all equitable po-sessoiy claims
ari-ing fmin a po-^e-fion and improvement of any lot or
parcel of land hytheper-oii actually in p issessinn, or by
tho-« under whom sue - peYson chum-, for more than si*
yea-s before ihe dare of tin's tr« atv, shall, in like manner, be
dei til- d valid, ami he confirmed and granted hy a rejea-e to
the p>T-on entitled thereto, if liie rule to such |r>t or parcel
of land, o dev. nhed he-t to include the improvements
made thereon; and in all other respects, the two contract-
ing p irtie*.aj tee to deal upon the must liberal principles of
equity with the Pettier-, actna-lv dw llum upon Hie territory
faMmtMo tln-m respectively, whit h has herotoioie been in'
dispute between them."
The documents were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, fiom the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of
E' zabeth L. Blackburn, relict of the late Felix G.
B -sworth, a paymaster in the United States army,
asking to he relieved from a certain judgment ren-
dered against her as one of his sureties, submitted
a report, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of Elizabeth L
Blackburn; which was read and passed to a second
reading:
Mr. f>ORLAND, from the Committee on the
Public Fvinds, to which was referred the petition
of Murk Bean and others, asking to be allowed
indemnity for certain losses sustained by them in
their removal tinder the 3d article of the treaty
v ith the Cherokees of the (iih of May, 1828, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill fhr the relief
of Mai k D< an and Richard H. Bean, of Arkansas;
which was lead and passed to a second reading.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following1 resolu-
tion, whti h lies over one day under the rule:
Risdifti. Tnat in all case-* in winch the printers to the
Senate tur the pre < nt Con re«s have fail. <1, or shah here-
after tail, to ex (lite anv pi inting mi the Senate in due time
and m proper order, aecoid im to their en tract, then, ami m
eviv -ii< h ea-e, pa-t or future, it -had he the dutv of the.
Secretary ol the Senate to proemf- snrh printim; to be done
immediately by some other printer or printer-, and to allow !
such printer or printer* the price* allowed tiy the resolution '
of 1819, with a d dnction ol twenty per centum un !
price-, ,I||(I to lequire the work to bo done by oiher printer
or prin teito he ex'MMiti'd m th-«ame «tjle of workman-hip i
and mat' ri.it which i* required by the contract with the !
piesent printers to the Senate. j
HOUSE BILLS.
The following bills from the House of Repre- '
sentatives were icad a fiistarid second time by their i
titles, and referred to the Committee on the Post '
Office nnd Post Roads: |
An act for the relief of James S. Graham and I
Wal'er H Finnall; !
An act for the relief of Brown &, Tarbox. I
THE SIR JOHN FRANKLIN EXPEDITION. J
The joint resolution of the Mouse of Represent- |
ntives authorizing: the President of the United I
States to accept and attach to the navy two ves- j
seis offered by Henry Grinneil, Esq , of New !
York, to he sent to the Arctic seas in search of
Sir John Franklin and his companions, was read
a ntst time hy us title.
Mr. MILLER. I think, Mr. President, that
it will hardly be necessary to refer that resolution.
If it be agreeable to the Senate, i would like to
have it acted upon at once. I may state that the
Committee on Naval Affairs have had this matter
under their consideration, and at their last meet-
ing determined to report a resolution to tfie Senate
to-day similar to the one which has been sent
from the House of Representatives. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will unanimously con-
sent to the consideration of this resolution at the
present time.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is true that the Committee
on Naval Affairs have had this subject under their
charge.; but I believe that they have been unable
to agree. To carry into effect this resolution will
involve the expenditure of a considerable sum of
money, and that too in pursuit of an object which
is not national m its character; riot national, at
any rate, so far as this Government is concerned.
I doubt very much the propriety of passing this
resolution at all—especially I doubt the propriety
of passing it now. I am myself opposed to the
measure, and I do think it would be better that it
should Ue committed; or, at all events, that we
should have a fuller Senate before tt is acted upon.
I move, therefore, that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MILLER. I do not know whether the
Senator was present at the last meeting of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, but it was then de-
cided to report a resolution to-day similar to the
one which has just been read. I therefore see no
necessity for sending it back to the committee un-
less the Senator anxiously wishes it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no very particular anx-
iety about it. J was not awaie that the committee
had come to any conclusion on the matter. If that
is so, it is all proper. At the time that I refer to,
the committee were unable to agree. I will not,
therefore, insist upon giving that direction to this
resolution; but I object to its being considered here
until inor< Senators are present.
The VICE PRES1 DENT. The motion to re-
fer is withdrawn There being no objection, this
resolution will now have its second reading.
The resolution was then read a second time, and,
on motion of iVlr. Bright, it was laid upon the
table.
INDIAN TREATIES.
Mr. ATCHISON moved to postpone the prior
orders, with a view to take up bill No. 157 on the
calendar, to enable the Piesident to negotiate with
the Indians of the prairies south and west of the
iVii.-,souii liver to the northern line of the State of
Texas, embiaciriif the Indians of the mountains,
and including those of New Mexico.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole; arid no
amendment having been offered, it was ordered to
be engrossed for a third leading, and, after having
been engrossed, was read a third time by unani-
mous consent, and passed.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD.
Mr. DOUGHS moved that the Senate take up
bill No. 2'2, granting the right of way and making
a donation of land to the Siate of Illinois in aid of
the construction of the Central Railroad; which
motion was agreed to.
The bill was read a second time, as follows:
A DILL granting the right of way, and making a donation
01 land lo ihe State ol lilmois, lit aid of the construction
of the Central ttadroad
lie )( enactcrl by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Un>t r.t State* of Jlmcricu m Cof° > ess i.siunhted, I'jiat
tin rijit ot way thioiiun thepuhiu- lan.i-> oe and the one
hereby granted to the State ol Illinois tor the consti notion of
a iaihoad from the somin rn terminus ot the illume and
Michigan canal to a p..mi a' or near the jinn lion of the O.no
and M's-i-sippi riv* i-, with a branch of the vame to Chi-
cago, on Like Michigan ; with the nglif al-o to tak  neces-
sity material- « i eartli, -tones, inuher, &<-.,for liteconstiac-
tion tin rent: Provhktl. That the rnjht ui w.iv .-hall not ex
ceed one hundred feet on . ach Mde of the Wriii thereof •
and atopy or the suivey ot said load and Ina-ich, made
under The dire tion of the Legi-la ure, :>hail he forward* d to
the proper Jo( al I md office-. re.-ptctivHy, and t<> the G m-i d
L tru! Office at Washington city, vvilliin ninety days alter ulc
eomph lion of the -anie.
S c.-2. Jltvl lc. -J, fin the- Tnrtt -i qiMnrilv nf land,
equal to allern.ite sections six utiles wide on each-nle of
.-aid road and branch |„r the length thereof, ,s hereby
framed to the bt.uc ol Jllinoi-, 10 he applied, under tile di-
rection of the Lesi.-lature, in the tontti m-tion ol il,e same ;
and the G ivernoi of .-aid State s-hall select and report said
land, hy then deM-nptlve number- to Ihe proper local land
ofhees respectively, and to the General Land Office at
Washington city     to and within hk month, alter
Hie completion of said surveys: Provided, The, construction
of said road sii^ll be commenced at its southern terminus
nt or near the junction of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers,
and its northern terminus upon the Illinois arjJ Miehiian
canal Mmultniienu-h , mid continued fmm ea< h w said points
until completed, when >ai.l hr.meh road shall he constructed
according to the •survey and location th< reof; Provh'ed«
further, That the lands h rehv granted >hall be applied in
the eon-iruction of t-aid road and branch respectively, in
quantities corresponding with the gram for each, and fhali
be disposed of only as the work proposes, and shall be
applied to no other purpose wh t>oever.
Sec. 3. kindle it further enacted, That the United States
shall have the right to transport their troops and munitions
of war over said road and branch free of all ohiu«<->; and
their mails *ha!I he iran-ported over the same lor the u-ual
coinpf n^cition paid for like railroad service : Provided. That
tiie right of way and lands remaining undisposed of, hen hy
granted, s-hall revert to the United State.-, unless -aid road
shall he commenced within two and finished within ten
> ears from the passage of this dct.
The bill was then considered as in Committee
of the Whole, ihe pending question being on (he
following substitute reported from the Committee
on Public Lands:
Strike out ail after the enacting clause, and insert the
fol owing:
Thai the right of way through the public Jand< be and the
same is hereby granted to the State of Illinois lor the cmi-
stiuetinn of a railroad from the southern U imnius ot the
Illinois and Michigan canal to a point at or near ihe junc-
tion of the Ohio and Mi->i-nppi rivers, with a branch • t the
same to Chicago, on Lake Mid jgin, and another to the
town of Galena, in said cUate, w im the right aho to lake
netes-ary matt rials of eniih, ^-t'.nes, limber, &e , lor the
coijstHK iion thereof: Provided, Thai the right ot way t-hall
not exceed one hundred teet on each -ide of the "lengih
thereof, and a opv of the -urvey of -aid road and nrancl.es
made und«*r the direction of the Legislature, .-hall he lor-
warded to the proper local laud offices re.-pectiv l\,andto
the General Land Offic at Was-hingtori city, wiilnn ninety
d tv- a t«'r the coiftpl-tion ol tl e >anie.
Sec. '2 Jlnd be U fuithar enacted, That there be and is
hereby granted to tiie State of ilhnoi-, lor the purpose of
aiding m making the railroad ami branches- afores-a d, every
alternate section ot land de-igntfnd by ivhi number*, (or
>ix sections in width on each a>ide of i-a d road and branch-
es; b t in ca^e H.-hall appear that the United States have,
when the line or rouU of -aid load and branches is di finitely
fixed by the atnh uiiy alori said, sold any partol auyM^-tion
hert In gr.mted, orthat the lightof prt emption ha- atiached
to the same, then it-hall be lawful tor any agent or agents
to be appointed by the Governor of said" Mate, to select,
-ubject to the approbation of the Secretary of the Interior,
fot the purpose atore-aid, of the land- refnaming to the
United States in paid .-eetious, one-luth thereof hi alternate
part-, so far as may be practicable. And said agent or
agent- may, ^uhject to tiie approval aforesaid, select from
the land- of the Uniied States most connguou- to the tier of
section.- above specified, so much land in alternate >ection 
or part- of sections as shall be equal to such land- a- the
United State-, have sold, or to whien the right of pr £mpiion
Ims attached a4- aforesaid, wine h lands, being equal in quan-
tity to one-half of six -eefions in width o« each .«id« ol r-aid
road and branches, the State of Illinois shall iiave and hold
to and for ihe use and puip.ise atore«aid: Profiled, 'J'he
consitiK'tion ot said road t-ball be commenced at its soinh-
ein terininu-, at or near the jiinclion ot he O ,io and Aiis-
sis^rppi uv r-, and its noithein fernjinii-< upon the Illinois
and M'Chtgan c.mal sunultaneou-iy, and con inued from
each of said points until completed, when raid hrnnch n . ds
shrill be constrm red according to the sui vey and location
thpreot: Ptovided fmther, That the land- her* by granted
-hall he applied in the construction o .said road ami brandi-
es respective ly, in qiiantit es corresp nding with the grant
lor each, and -hall be disposed of oidy as the tvmk pro-
gre-s~s., and shall he applied to no other purpose whatsoever.
Sec.y. J3n<U,p tt fmther enacted, That the sections and
part-j of seciion* of land which, by such grant, shall remain
to the United States, within six miles on each side ol said
rotd and branches, shall nor be sold (or le-s than double the
minimum price of the public land- when sold.
See. 4. Jind be it juither enacted, That the said lands
hereb) granted lo the said Siale shall be subject to the dis-
po-ai of the Lpgi-laiure liferent, lot the putpo<es aforoaui
and no other; and ihe said raihoad arid branches shall be and
remain a puhlicht«hway, for the u-e of the Government of
the United States, free fiom toll or other ch.uge, upon the
tran-port ition of any property or noops of°the Utnttd
Stares.
flee. 5. vSntf be it further enacted, That if the said railroad
Shall not be completed within years, the said tHate of
Illinois shall b( bound to pay to the: United c-utes the
anionnt which may be received upon the sale ol any part of
said lands by-aid State, the rule to ihe ptircha-ers under
-aid State n maii.mg valid ; and the ntle io the rrxdue of
said ands -hail i emvesi in the United Stares-, to ha\e and
hold the same in the  ame niannei as if tin.-, act had nut
been pa^-ed.
Sec 6 Jind he if further evaclcd, That the United States
mail shall at all time- be transported on -aid railroad under
the direction o' the P«-t Office Department, at a reasonable
pric ; and ni oa-o of a di-agieemeni between the State and
The Pn-t Office Departinent,the marref in diff. rente sffcll be
re'ened to the United States di-tiictjudge for tiie di-trictof
Ilhnoj>.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not rise with any expect-
ation that my opposition to this bill will he avail-
able; hut 1 wish to inquire of the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois how many such bills, or bills
similar to the one under consideration, have been
presented to the committee? I hear of many bills
of a similar character, and J presume the gentle-
man can give me the information as to the num-
ber of bills of this kind.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I am really
