1850,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
man whose claims to justice we are now consid-
ering, that moral punishment which they deserve
to receive.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me to
offer an amen Iment?
Mr. TURNEY. Will the Senater from New
Hampshire allow me to say a few words?
Mr. HALE. The Senator can say them just as
well after 1 get through.
Mr. TURNEY. Go on, sir, I only regret that
I made the appeal to you.
Mr. HALE. My desire is to call the attention
of the Senator, who seems to understand so fully
what has been proven on this subject, to this un-
derstood fact, viz : that the original contractors
for this printing have admitted in their communi-
cation, addressed either to this House or the other,
that they took this contract at prices at which
they knew they could not execute it, with the in-
tention of trusting to the magnanimity of Congress
to make up the loss to them.
Mr. FOOTE. Have you seen that testimony ?
Mr. HALE. 1 think I haveseen it under their
•own hands, addressed as a communication to a
committee. I do not think I can be mistaken
•about it. And after the original contractors—for
it must be remembefed that Mr. Ritchie was not
the original contractor—had entered into this spec-
ulation on our magnanimity, Mr. Ritchie came in
at second-hand. He then is a second-hand dealer
in Congressional magnanimity. It is not the case
of an original contractor entering into an unfortu-
nate contract, but he steps into the shoes of those
parties, and now comes forward to speculate on
our magnanimity, as their assignee.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator will permit me to
interrupt him for a moment. I am authorized by
one familiar with the matter to say that it is a
gross mistake, and that no such'declaration has
feeen made. But if it had, the Senator will allow
me to say, that 1 trust tbe American Senate, if its
magnanimity has thus been confided in, will not
so far disregard that confidence as to insist upon
the enforcement of a ruinous contract.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator is laboring under
a misapprehension, for he can find no such state-
, ment or committal on the paiLof the piesent con-
tractors. He will find, that after they had taken
the contract and entered upon the execution of the
work, they found that they had taken it at most
ruinous rates, but still they intended to execute
the work. But they never took it knowing that
they could not afford to do it, and intending to
trust to the magnanimity of Congress to relieve
.them.
Mr. HALE. I must still think, sir, that 1 am
right in my impression. But, however that may
-be, I am willing to do justice to this contractor;
and what would be justice to him ? Why, "to refer
the matter to a committee to report what he has
suffered, and not undertake to grope in the dark in
this way, and allow him the pricfes that a deduc-
tion of 45 per cent, on the prices of 1819 would
•amount to. If the friends of Mr. Ritchie here
will move to appoint a special committee, and re-
fer this matter to it, to inquire and report to the
Seriate how much he has lost by-the contract for
the printing of Congress which he has entered
into, I will give the motion my vote, and vote also
'to make an appropriation from the Treasury to
make him whole. So that he shall not suffer to
the extent of a dollar. But I will not vote in the
dark to pay him a sum on which he may realize
so large a profit; and I would have the committee
thus appointed to look into this fact,, which the
Senate ought to know, and which I state as a fact,
for I do know it from my own examination, that
the documents which have been printed and sent
to the folding-room for distribution to our constit-
uents, have been printed on an inferior quality of
paper from those which have been laid on our
desks. Of that, sir, any Senator can be satisfied
by taking the original copies laid upon our tables
at the commencement of the session, and goins;
into the folding-room and comparing them wiih
those furni-hed to us to be sent to our constituents.
They are printed on paper which t think is at
least 25 per cent, less in value. This, and many
other facts of a similar nature, should be examined
and looked into by a committee. And when that
has been done and reported upon, I shall be will-
ing to go as far as any man to place Mr. Ritchie
whole. But I will not go to place $50,000 or
$100,000 in his hands merely as an answer to an
appeal to our magnanimity.
Mr. TURNEY. I, sir, I doubt not, called
forth these remarks, by my allusion to this amend-
ment as a fraud upon the Senate. Sir, it is a
fraud upon the Treasury. I reiterate what I
said; and when I spoke of •a.fraud, I spoke of
it in the common, ordinary acceptation of the
term, and not in the sense in which the word
is used by the Senator from Mississippi, who
seems to regard it as inhumane to require an
individual to comply with his contract. Every-
thing requires you to relieve him from his con-
tract, and it is dishonest not to do it, according
to the argument of that Senator. Sir, that is not
the view which I take of the transaction. 1 say
it is a fraud. And upon what do I base that
assertion? You establish a general policy of the
country, or you intend to do so, in regard to this
matter of printing You say that, for the purpose
of economy, you will submit the public printing
to the lowest bidder, prescribing the character and
description af the printing you require, the qual-
ity of the paper, and the materials generally, and
then you leave it for competition, among the print-
ers of the United States, to the lowest bidder. You
adopt this general system. Your officers, under
that system, proceed to make contracts with the
printers. A man comes forward and bids. He
knows, for he is a printer, perhaps one engaged
in the business for the last fifty"years, for what he
can afford to do^this work far better than any
member of Congress. He knows at what price he
can make a fair profit, and at what price also he
can make an extreme profit. Knowing this, he
knows how low an honest man can bid, and below
which he knows they cannot bid; and yet, in order
to secure the contract, he puts in a bid less than that
for which any honest man can afford to do the print-
ing. I do not deny that this is a ruinous contract,
that is to say, a losing contract, for I know that
this contractor must lose money if he performs
his contract. But how was it that he became a
party to it? Not because he was mistaken as to
what it would cost to comply with it on his part;
not that he was deceived as to the cost of mate- j
rials. No, sir; but his object was to secure the
job, or, in other words, to break down the system
of policy adopted by Congress for the execution
of the public printing. It is to say to Congress,
you may adopt your policy of committing the
printing to the lowest bidder, but I will thwart and
defeat that policy. I will break it down. I will
undertake to bid so low that no honest man can un-
derbid me, and after 1 have taken it at such prices,
I will come forward to Congress and plead that
this is a ruinous contract, and appeal to your gen-
erosity and magnanimity to allow me so much
more than I agreed to receive. In this way I will
break down the policy you have established in re-
gard to this public printing. This, sir, is what I
call a fraud upon the Government, The contractor
has not been deceived or misled. His object at
the time was not to comply with his contract. It
was to break down the policy of Congress, and to
procure a larger compensation than was then
agreed upon. I did not advocate or vote for the
law putting out the printing; to the lowest bidder.
I opposed it originally, hut as it has been adopted,
I desire to see it carried out faithfully. But if you
are to permit the printers thus to stultify them-
selves, by pleading ignorance of what it costs to
peq^rm duties of this description, you had better
abandon this policy forever,and adopt some stated
price for the work., elect your printer, and 'place all
men on an equality, leaving Congress to select
whom they may chose to do the work, with a
knowledge of the compensation which is to be
given him.
Sir, this is a fraud in another point of view.
We are told that a much larger number of docu-
ments have been ordered to be printed this session
than was ever ordered before. And why is this >
It is because we have had these contracts, and
members had in view the cost of printing under
them, when they directed the unusually large
amount of printing. They felt that they could af-
ford to give their constituents a larger amount of
printing than usual, because they were getting the
work done at rates so much cheaper than were
paid heretofore. But now, sir, after Congress has
been thus seduced, or, as 1 would allege, de-
frauded, into the publication of this unusaiiy large
.number of documents, we are told that we must
pay the highest rates for them, and that tb« con-
tract, in view of which the large amount Was or-
dered, is not to be fulfilled. Why, we must act
in the dark when we order the publication of the
documents and when we are making contracts, and
then, when we find ourselves deceived, we are
simply told that we must relieve the contractor,
that honesty, humanity, and patriotism alike de-
mand it. Nay, sir, we are told that we cannot
face an intelligent and independent constituency,
because of the high character of this man, if we
do not release him frora*his contract, and give him
whatever sum of money he may demand ! I can
only speak for one constituency, and that is,the
people of Tennessee. Their habits have been to
comply with their contracts, and you will find
when you go into the courts of justice that the
contract is the law between two parties. And is
not that thf rule of law which should prevail here?
When the Government has made a bad or ruinous
contract, do you find the contractor ever abandon-
ing the contract and remunerating the Government
for the loss sustained r Sir, I will put the case of
printing documents by way of illustration, because
I know it to be identical in some points. I under-
stand that, in the printing of the single document
of the Patent Office Report alone, this amendment
will give the printer $68,000 additional compensa-
tion than he would otherwise receive. And wilL
any Senator pretend that this man, imbued with
such high patriotism, and whose character and
standing is claimed to be so distinguished through-
out the country, did not know that he was bidding
off* the contract far too low? Or was it his love of
country, and his desire to save money to the Treas-
ury, that induced him to underbid others? Was
that, indeed, his object in bidding off this public
printing at a sum at which he could not afford to
comply with his contract? or was it the motive
which I attributed to him—a desire to secure the
contract, in the belief that he could make an ap-
peal to the magnanimity of Congress, to his parti-
san friends, and such other friends as he might be
enabled to enlist, and induce them, in order to
sustain a leading and prominent partisan paper, to
vote him a large profit afterwards?
The Senator from Mississippi tells us a great
deal of what has been proven before the committee
of the other House. I have not examined their
proceedings, and do not know what has been
proven there; baton looking at the report of .our
own committee, the matter appears in a very
different light. I desired to refer to that report,
but I am unable at this moment to lay my hands
upon it, this debate having been sprung upon us
so suddenly. And, sir, it has sprung up as we
may expect claims of this character to spring up.
They cannot stand the ordeal of an investigation;
they cannot go through on their own merits; and
they must be tacked on to some bill which has to
be dragged through. They must be brought up,
furthermore, at a very late hour of the session, as
at present, w'hen everybody is disinclined to listen
to long speeches; when, indeed, we have no time
for^speeches, and when we are forced to give a
quiet vote or hazard the failure of our appropriation
bills. Yes, it is such claims as this that are brought
up at such peiiods, when there is no time for dis-
cussion or investigation,or they would never receive
a majority in either House. If we could turn to
the report of our own committee on this subject,
we should find many of the facts referred to by
the Senator from New Hampshire in relation to
this matter. We should find that these contractors
have not pleaded ignorance of their business, and
they could not plead ignorance of it. What, sir,
public printers coming to the Senate of the United
States and telling us that they did not understand
what it was worth to do our printing! Did they
BOt understand the business in which they had
been engaged for the last half of a century? Are
we expected to listen—still less to believe—such
tales? If -we did, well might the people of the
country say that we are scarcely fit to be here.
But when we look at the report of the Committee
on Printing of our own body, we find that an enor-
mous sum was paid for the printing of a certain
opinion of the Supreme Court, a sum much larger
than anybody expected, and not, as supposed by
the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badg&r,]
founded on any correct principles of law. My
understanding is, that the sum first demanded was
upwards §30,000.
Mr. FOOTE. Will tHe Senator bear with me
