1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84l 
unable to answer the question of the honorable
Senator as to the number of bills of this kind. I
hav^ inti oduced one other, not relating to my own
State, but to the Territory of Minnesota, and that
is the oniy one of this character of which I know
anything. There have been several bills intro-
duced at different times; this bill was introduced
two years ago, and argued at length here m the
Senate. The Senate amended it by putting on a
cross-road, to cross the State in another diiection,
and making the road nearly double its length.
This bill has once passed the Senate by a vote of
thirty-four to eleven; but st faded in the other
house, on the last night of the last session, by
one or two votes oniy. I have now lenewed the
hill, with a proposition for one road, as it was
originally, from the north to the south, granting
alternate sections of land, and doubling the price
of the other alternate sections. 1 do not wish 10
put any additions to it; for I do not wish to ask
for hut one road, and the proposition is lai^e
the pi ice of th alternate secuons not granted to
the Siate; so that the treasuiy will lose nothing
by the giant 1 do not deem it necessary ro aigue
this question, as it was most fully argued two
years a^o, and was passed after full debate.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 should like to be informed,
as u is the fiist bill of the kind that has come up
dunng my term of congressional service, what
number of miles in length this road is to be, and
the number of acres of land which it is contem-
plated to appropriate by this bill, in order that 1
may act understanding^ on the subject. I can-
not but consider it equivalent to an appropriation
of the public money tor purposes of internal im-
provement, for the benefit of a State; and hence it
xs, in my judgment, entering upon an important
question, which 1 desire thoroughly to understand
before I commit myself for oi against the meas-
ure. The amendment i have not seen, and have
only heaid it read at the desk this morning. At
a proper time, when this subject shall come up
-for a final vote, 1 may desire to be heard more
fully upon it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state that the road is
the en me length of the State from north to south,
fiom Cairo to Galena, which is not far from four
hundred miles, though rather under, i think? The
bil. proposes to grant the land- in alternate sections,
increasing the price of the oiher sections to doubly
the minimum price. It is following thesame sys-
tem that was adopted m refeienceto improvements
of a similar character in Ohio, Indiana, Alabama,
Iowa, YV isconsm, and Illinois in reference to her
c-trml. it is Simply carrying out a principle which
has been acted upon for thirty years, by which
you cede each alternate section of land, and double
the price of the alternate sections not ceded, so
that the same price is received for the whole.
These lands have been in the market fiom fifteen
to thirty years; the average time is about twenty-
thiee years; but they will not seil at the usual
price of one dollar ai-d a quarter per acre, because
they are distant from any navigable stieam or a
mat kct for produce. A railroad will make the
lands saleable at double the usual puce, because
the improvement made by the State will make
them valuable. It is an old practice, long sanc-
tioned by the Government.
Mr. DAWSON. My question has not .been
answeied a? to the number of acres.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have not made the calcula-
tion, but any one can estimate it easily.
Mr. DAWSON. If six miles ate to be given
on each Svde m alternate sections, we shall have a
stup of land, or what is equal to a strip of land,
six miles wide and four hundred miles long. I his
will amount to a very large number of acres.
What we want to settle now is, whether Congress
will take upon itself the business of levying a tax
of a hundied per cent., jn this indirect manner,
upon ail this land, meiely for the purpjse of
carryi t on a work of internal improvement in a
particular State. Or, in other words, the question
i-s, shall the settler on the public lands be taxed
double the usual price of the lands befoie he shall
be peimuted to settle upon them, in order that he
may be made to pay the expense of building this
railroad? That will be the question when we
come to discuss this bill finally, and 1 am not now
prepared to enter upon it. *
Mr KING. 1 am not now going to enter into
any discussion with respect to the granting of land
for works of internal improvement. When that
subject comes up, I shall be prepared to give my
views—differing, as I suppose i do, fiom the gen-
tleman from Georgia upon this subject. 1 am
desirous of giving every facility that can appro-
priately be afFoided io these new States in making
works of internal improvement, to give value to
the public lands, and, afford facilities to carry Lhe
produce of the States to a market. This road ter-
minates at Cairo, on the Ohio river. A charter
was granted by the States of Mississippi and Ala-
bama to a railroad company to construct a railroad
from the city of Mobile, to teiminat# at this fcame
point; so that, if the railroad is completed, theie jj
will he a continuous railroad communication from j
the Gulf to the extieme limit of the State of lib- !
nois. Of the great advantages of such a commu-
nication it is not now necessaiy to speak. Eveiy
gentleman who knows anything of the States of
Tennessee and Kentucky, can estimate for himself
the immense advantages of such a railroad. The
poi tion of country in Lhe States of Mississippi and
Alabama, through which the road is to pas*, is,
generally speaking, bairen and unproductive. The
lands throughout these states have been in the
market fiom fifteen to thirty years, and some of
them considerably more. Owing to the nature of
the lands they are of no value, and can never be
of any value at the piesent piices, unless some
direct communication by raihoad, or some other
way, is made. That will give value to the land,
without which it is of no value. My object, how-
ever, in rising is, befoie the question is taken upon
the amendment, to piopose an amendment, as an
additional section, so as to include that portion of
the road from the Ohio river, extending the same
grants and piivileges as are granted m the bill of
the Senator from Illinois. The amendment 1 pio-
pose is as follows:
See. 7. Jind be it cnncted, A*c., That, in order to aid in tlie
coiiiinuituoii oi *aid Central railroad nom iltr mouth <>l the
Ohio m-t r to ih<- cit> of Mobile, ail the jiylu*, j>ri
and liabilities* In'remhUore coiitermi on tin iMarn m Itiinoi*,
>hall be granted to th« Slates, of Alabama and Mi-siifippi
res^a-cuv. ly, toi lilt; purpose of aiding hi UieconMiuciion oi
a la Imad loan lhe s .nd eiiy ol Mobile t<> a poim in <ti the
in>.utli ot the Ohio river; and that the public ia..d-> of the
United Stale*, to the -am** xtent in propoi tion to the length
of thi* road, on tit** same term*, limiuiion*, and re>uictiOuSj ;
in every re*|iei t, shall lie and is In n by "ranted tu t aid 1
i Slates of Alabama and Mu-si.*hippi, respeuiv. ly.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Illinois whether u is proposed that this road
shall beconsiructed by companies or by the State?
Mr. DOUGLAS. That can be answered in
three sentences. This mad was begun by the
State of Illinois in Js36, and about a million of
dollars were expended upon it by the State. Sub-
sequently, the ^.tate let it to a company. The com-
pany failed to go on with the work,and executed a
release of \heir charier back to the State again; so
that it has now become a State work again. Tins
grant is to be made to th% JState of Illinois, as a
State work, disconnected with any company what-
ever.
Mr. WALKER. I am not opposed to the
grant which the bill proposes/but 1 am opposed
to the foim in which it is proposed to make it. i
cannot now submit the motion which i bhall sub-
mit, for the reason that theie is an amendment to
an amendment pending, i shall, however, move
to sti ike out all that part of the bill which proposes
to increase the puce of the alternate sections to
two dollais and a half per acre, because i deem it
unjust that this principle should be enacted by
Congtess.
Tne route, it is said, will be about four hundred
miles in length, and the grant will be equivalent
to u strip of land six milts wide throughout the
whole length, or - ne million five hundied and
thirty-six thousand acres of land. On an equal
amount of land u is proposed to mciease the puce
to double the usual Government pi ice. It amounts,
then, to a t-X upon the actual settlers to that
! amount, in order to build tins toad. This is one
of the gieatest embarrassments to the settlement
of the new States. I know ot nothing that would
embanass the settlement of theseStates more than
increasing the puce of the public lands. We know
that it is almost univeisally said now that the price
is too high; and yet wc propose to double that
price, and ihus double the embarrassment of set-
tlement. If Government is going to be generous,
let it be generous; but let it not speculate upon us
own lands ht the expense of those who are to settle
upon them.
I am in favor of granting the whole of this land
to the StatcSj to be given to sfttial setflers at the
cost only of surveying it, and 1 have brought in a
( bill to that effect. The Senator from Massachu-
; setts also [Mr. Webster] has offered a resolution
! of a similar character, and the Senator from Illinois-
j [Mr. Douglas] has introduced a bill to grant iheefe
! lands in hunted quantities to actual settlers. There
| is a feeling in favor of this throughout the coun-
j try, and this reform seems to be demanded. JNow,
I if we grant this amount of land, instead of selling
| the remaining land at the usual price, it is proposed
to increase the price to double what it was before.
I am opposed to it. J am willing to vote for this
bill, if that provision is stricken out. JVJy honor-
able colleague has introduced a similar bill for a
grant of land in Wisconsin, and his bill likewise
pioposes an increase of the price of the land not
ceded.
i shall make a sjmilar motion when that bill
comes up, and shall do it with the assuied feeling
that my constituents will sustain my action; for I
am pretty confident that, after the experience they
have had with regard to the Rock river and Lake
Michigan canal, they will 'not be willing to be
taxed a hundred per cent, more than the present
pi ice of the lands tor the purpose of building- this
road. I know the character of the country ihiough
which this road is to pass m 111 nois The lands
have been a long time in the market; but, if a
giant of alternate sections is made to the State,
1 have no doubt the road will be made, and the
lands reserved for the Government will be rapidly
sold for a dollar and a quarter an acre, and the
funds will come into your treasury. But, if the
puce is increased, the same difficulties will aiise,
| and the advantages will not be sufficient to bring
i the land into the maiket at the incieased price.
[ I believe it is the policy of the United States, that
i this should be stricken out. I know it is the pol-
1 icy of the S'ate of l.hnois, and 1 know that u is
I m consonance with the views of the people of the
j United States, who are settling the western lands.
| I shall therefoie move that as an amendment, as
j soon as this amendment is disposed of.
j Mr. BUTL&R. Do I understand the Senator
from Illinois as desiring to press a vote.upon this
bill to-day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose the vote had better
be taken to-d<iy. It is a bill that has been pend-
ing for two years, and has undergone a very thor-
ough discussion, and I conceive that immediate
action upon it will not be out oi place.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 do not propose to go into a
discussion of the many questions involved in.the
hill; for, after the prolonged debates we have had
heretofore upon the, principle upon which it is
based, such a course on my part would perhaps
be a woik of supererogation. This bill, however,
has not been examined by any one, as far as I
know, except by the committee of the honorable
Senator, who isa friend to the bill;and, of course,
if he thinks it right, it is his duty to advocate it.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker]
goes upon the ground that by this bill we should
make a donation of the public lands to the Siate
of Illinois—an open donation, unembarrassed by
any resniction. The Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] regards the United States somewhat as
a proprietor that may give away one section pio-
vided that will raise the vulue of' the remainder,
making the United States a proprietor in one point
of \iew. The Senator from Wisconsin is in favor
of an open grant, withoutany restrictions. In one
point of view these two propositions amount to the
same thing. They each propose, in dfect, to give
between one and two millions of dollais to the State
of Illinois, for the purpose of aiding in the sug-
■ gested impiovement. The pottion oi land comem-
; plated in this cession is six miles wide and some
■ four hundred miles m length, which uill amount
i to tweniy«four hundred square miles; and that
I amount, multiplied by six hundred and foity, will
\ aive & total of aboat one million five hundred^ thou-
i sand acies, being equivalent to a donation of nearly
1 two millions of dollars, which amount would ac-
f erne from the sale of the land.
I The Senator from Wisconsin frankly says he
prefers that this should be a tifi; that the United
States should not continue in the relation of a pro-
prietor, but thai it should be an open grant, giving
| Jl} effect two or three millions to the State of I Ihnois
! to make internal improvements. Well, sir, I most
say that it does appear very strange'to me that the
j very class of politicians who rise up and denounce,
