1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 21,
w'nil<51 state a fact of which I have a personal
knowifidge? 1 assure him that the statement is
not true in fact. I have the most reliable informa-
tion that the contrary is the fact, and that Mr.
Ritchie made no specific demand at all on that oc-
casion.
Mr. TURNEY. I did not give way for a
speech.
Mi\ FOOTE. I have no speech to make, but
simply to tell the Senator that it is not true, in
point of fact, that any such demand was made;
and the reduction to $12,500 was the voluntary
act of Mr. Ritchie himself. That I state on my
Bwn personal knowledge.
Mr. TURNEY. The voluntary act of Mr.
Ritchie himself?
Mr. FOOTE. Yes, sir.
Mr. TURNEY. He first demanded a compen-
sation, as I understand from the report of the
PrintingCommittee, upon some rule, arising either
under the contract or under some law, showing
that the matter was not embraced by the contract,
that would entitle him to some $30,000.
Mr. FOOTE. He never demanded that amount.
Mr. TURNEY. We could tell better, sir, if
we had time to look into the report. The Senator
has looked into what was proven before the com-
mittee of he House; but he has not examined, I
suspect, the report of the committee of the Senate.
My recollection is that the report of the committee
Of the Senate shows the fact to be as I have stated
it. But the Senator now cannot inform us upon
what principle Mr. Ritchie so magnanimously
yielded up to the Government some §15,000 or
$20,000. Did he do it as an act of charity? or, if
not, upon what principle, I ask, did Mr. Ritchie
voluntarily reduce the demand from $30,000 to the
sum of $12,500 ? Sir, the Senator does not inform
me.
Mr. FOOTE. I can inform you, sir.
Mr. TURNEY. I should like to hear you,
then.
Mr. FOOTE. I will tell the Senator upon what
principle it was done. Mr. Ritchie believed that
he was fairly entitled, according to the proper in-
terpretation of the law upon this subject, and the
contract between himself and the Government, to
the amount as stated by the Senator, of some
'#36,000; and that was the opinion of the legal gen-
tleman with whom he advised. It was the opin-
ion also of the Secretary of the Senate and of the
Clerk of the House; but Mr. Ritchie was so much
struck with the disproportion between that amount
and the actual expense he had to incur in printing
the document, that he deemed himself bound, as
an honest man, to relinquish all over $12,500. It
is upon such principles of honesty and magnanim-
ity as this that Mr. Ritchie acted, and upon that
same principle I claim relief for him. And I think
that those who have a proper appreciation of such
principles, will, in general at least, be inclined to
cooperate with myself and others in-releasing him
from the ruinous contract in which he has engaged.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Tennessee
will permit me to coTrect him as to the fact. The
question as to the right of Mr. Ritchie to receive
the amount which he did receive for the printing
of that document was referred to the District At-
torney of this city, Mr. Fendall, and to the Audi-
tor of the Treasury, Mr. McCulloh, and they
gave the contract an interpretation which entitled
him to receive that amount.
Mr. TURNEY. That is new information,
which certainly was not before the Senate Com-
mittee on Printing; for in their report, if I am not
mistaken, and I read it with a good deal of care,
they could not account for this deduction from
$36,000 to $12,000. They could find in the first
instance no rule or principle which authorized the
demand of $36,000, still less could they find any
which would justify its reduction to $12,500.
None was ever offered them, and this is the first
time I ever heard of the reason for it expressed by
the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator will bear with me
while I state the facts. It iswithin my own personal
knowledge, for I had something to do with the
matter. Mr. Ritchie was well assured, from ex-
amination and consultation, that he could afford to
reduce the amount to $12,500, and he at once vol-
untarily relinquished the overplus.
Mr. TURNEY. These accounts conflict. The
Senator from Indiana says that the amount was
awarded upon the decision of the District Attorney,
and the Auditor of the Treasury, establishing a
principle which allowed Mr. R tchie $12,500.
The Senator from Mississippi says no; "that was
not the principle upon which the reduction was
made. It was that Mr. Ritchie's conscience told
him that $36,000 yras too much. Although it
seems at first he did demand or exact it, still
his conscience told him that was too much,
and without resorting to any principle whatever,
or any data, or calculation, he agreed to strike
off all above $12,500. Well, now, according to
any rule that I am aware of, I do not see how
this demand could have been made. It will be re-
membered that the report of the Senate committee
was made by a Senator who is also a practical
printer, who knows very well what work can b^
done for; and in that report, if I am not mistaken,
it is proved and demonstrated that some three or
four times greater reduction should have been
made. If Mr. Ritchie's contract was not a profit-
able one to him, it would be a sufficient reason
with me for its abrogation, were it not for the cir-
cumstances under which it was obtained. But if
we are to act upon it in this hurried and confused
mode of doing business, it is sufficient evidence to
me that his claim will not stand the investigation
of the Senate, when fresh from the people at home,
with months before them to remain here to exam-
ine and perfect a measure of relief. No, sir, it
must be brought up in the last hours of the session,
when all is hurry and confusion, when investiga-
tion is impossible I hope the Senate will not
press through a claim of this description in this
manner, and in violation of all the rules of parlia-
mentary law and propriety, by tacking it on to an
appropriation bill.
Mr CASS. It is obvious that we cannot get
through with this bill to-day, and therefore I am
going to move that the Senate take a recess until
seven o'clock, and devote an evening session to the
consideration of Executive business.
Mr. DICKINSON. I trust not. I hope that
we shall have an explanation from the chairman
of the Committee on Printing, and then proceed
to vote on the amendment. 1 shall vote according
to his views pretty much.
Mr. CASS. If Senators would submit their
propositions, and would believe that the rest of the
Senate knew something about them as well as
themselves, we should get on much more speedily.
But the most elaborate explanations are indulged
in, on the most simple and unimportant proposi-
tisn3; discussion is elicited on abstract points, and
thus the time of the Senate is consumed. I hope
Senators will recollect the immensity of important
business that is pressing upon us for our consider-
ation.
Mr HAMLIN. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment, as follows: Strikeout the words " that the
Committee on Printing of the Senate and House
of Representatives, respectively, be and they are
hereby authorized and directed to audit and pass
on the accounts," &c.,and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
" The clerk of the Committee on Printing of the Senate
with the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House
of Representatives be, and the same are hereby, authorized
and directed to audit and pass upon the accounts for print-
ing for the present session of Congress."
By the present law it is made the duty of the
Committee on Printing on the part of the House
and Senate to audit and allow all accounts for
printing. It is known that there are a vast num-
ber of documents and other matters which ar£not
printed and will not be while we remain here this
session, and consequently it becomes the duty of
the committees to remain here during the recess of
Congress for the purpose of auditing and allowing
these accounts. I propose to do away with the
necessity for this, and this amendment simply
provides that it shall be the duty of the Clerk of
the House and the Secretary of the Senate, to-
gether with the clerk of the Senate Committee on
Printing, to discharge this duty, and thus relieve
the committee.
Mr. BRIGHT. I accept the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Maine, as I have a right
to do, antl will take heed of what my friend from
Michigan has said, promising to make my remarks
very brief; but strll I must be indulged long enough
to explain an error into which the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland has fallen, passing over, for
the want of time, alt that has been said by the
Senatorfrom Tennessee. The Senatorfrom Mary-
land [Mr. Pratt] has difficulty in voting for this
amendment, he says, on the ground that it is voting
in the dark. He is informed, and is inclined to
believe, that there will be a large profit, perhaps
of $60,000, given to the present contractor, if this
amendment prevails. Now, sir, I will say to the
Senate that my earnest desire is, first, to do the
country justice, and, secondly, the individual who
has made this contract. With no other view have
I examined into this matter. The Committee on
Printing of the Senate and of the House having
failed to come to any result thatth^y could recom-
mend to either body for adoption,! took .it upon
myself to give a very thorough examination to
this subject; and the result of my inquiry has led
me to the conclusion, that if the present contractor
be paid at the rate of forty-five per cent, lower
than the law of 1819, he will realize no profit for
what he has done.
Here we have the opinion of a gentleman whose
intimate acquaintance with this subject enables
him to speak from the most reliable data. He
would not undertake to perform the printing for
the 27th Congress at a price 20 per cent, below the
law I have referred to. Now, what great change
has taken place in this branch of business, and in
the state of things generally around us, that justi-
fies the belief that a job then* which eouM not be
performed at a reduction of only 20 per centum on
the law of 1819, can be done now at a reduction
of 45 per centum on that law, and yet afford an
exorbitant profit?—for this is the argument of
the honorable Senator from Maryland. He says *
$60,000 profit. Sir, this is an entire mistake. I
will now make a motion that 1 think will free the
amendment from another objection that has been
urged. I will add the word Jive after the word
thirty, so as to provide for paying 35 per cent. less
than the law of 1819 on the work to be done-for
the present Congress; and now, with this amend-
ment, I ask the chairman of the Committee on
Printing to say whether he does not believe this is
as low as the work -can be done for, and yield a
living profit to the contractor?
Mr. SOULE. The great difficulty in this mat-
ter seems to be the ascertainment of the amount,
which, under the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, we will have to pay, over and
beside the amount due under the existing contract. v
Upon the one hand it is asserted that immense
profits, gigantic profits indeed, would be realized
at the rates stated in the amendment, while on the
other, and on behalf the contractor, it is asserted
that he will hardly realize his expenses. I hold
the opinion, that although, as a general rule, every
one should be responsible for his acts, and be re-
quired strictly to perform his obligations, still il
does not behoove a Government like ours to per-
mit any individual to be a sufferer, and a sufferer
to his«utter ruin, through the performance of any
engagement which he may have formed with it.
I, for one, could not be induced to resist a meas-
ure intended for the redemption of an unfortunate
contractor who has faithfully performed h-is obli-
gations and asks to be relieved. Yet I do not
wish to vote in the dark, if I may use an expres-
sion of my friend from Georgia; and in order that
, the Senate may not be led into any error on the
i subject, I have, after consultation with some of my
| friends, drawn up an amendment which I am sure
j will meet approbation. Indeed, unless this sub-
j stitute is approved, we cannot give a vote for the
I amendment proposed by the Senator from Indiana,
j The substitute is as follows:
! Be it further enacted, That upon full proof being exhibited
to the Secretary of the Treasury of any actual loss which
the present contractor for the printing ol Congress may-
have suffered in consequence of the execution oi so much
of the same as has already been performed, the said Secre-
tary shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to reimburse him
for such actual lo-ss, and to allow him, moreover, m tiie
shape of profit, ten per cent, on the amount of the work al-
ready performed.
Jh\d be it further enacted, That so much of the printing of
this session as remains unexecuted shall he adjusted and
settled upon the basis laid down in the foregoing section.
JSnd be it further enacted, That the said contractor be, and
he is hert-by, relieved from his contract, and that new pro-
posals be received for the printing of the next session, in
conformity with the provisions of the resolution approved
23d July, 1846, entitled <SA resolution legulattng the print-
ing of Congress and establishing the compensation for the
same."
This, in my opinion, will do away "with such
doubts as might be eiltertained by Senators as to
the working of the amendment before them; while
at the same time it will meet the contractor on his
own ground, and with fairer conditions than those
