1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Sept. 20,
Senator refers as the collection of curiosities
brought back by the Exploring Expedition, may
perhaps contribute to the knowledge of the inven-
tor. They are there, however, by the operation
of law, which must be repealed before they can
be removed.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WALKER. I now move to strike out the
following words; " to be paid out of the patent
fund.'5 The clause now reads—
"For the collection of aaricimural statistics$4,500, '<>
paid out Of the patent fund."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Oh, move to strike
it all out.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WALKER. I move to strike out the same
words in the next clause, which reads as follows:
" For defraying the expenses of the chemical analysis of
vesretabe substances-produced arid used for the food of man
and animals in the United States, to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of Patents, $1}00U> to be paid
for out of the patent fund."
Mr. WALKER. I know that Senators are im-
patient of debate, but I propose to address a few
words to them in defence of the interests of men
who are not often here to defend themslves. This
fund has been accumulated from a tax levied upon
the mechanics and inventors of the country, and
what reason is there, I ask, that it should be di-
verted to purposes which will not afford them the
least advantage ? Why, rather, should we not ap-
propriate from the fund for the establishment of
a board of dfaftsmen and inodelists, instead of
compelling the inventor, as is now the case, to pay
from twenty-five to one hundred dollars to get his
model ? Nothing of that kind is ever done, but, on
the contrary, it is devoted to every other possible
purpose than those from which the persons who are
thus taxed can derive any benefit These men are
notoften heard here, but they are beginning to wake
up a little; and from what they have said to me,
I believe they will soon make themselves felt in
this matter.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASS. The amendment which I desire to
submit, is one to which no Senator and no man in
the nation will object. It is to provide for the de-
frayal of expenditures incurred for the funeral ob-
sequies of General Taylor. It is as follows:
« To defray the expenses incut red under the authority of
the committee of airangement^ for the funeral of General
Z. Taylor, deceased, late President of the United Slates,
$14,929 46."
I have the accounts in detail on my table, as
certified to by the committees of both Houses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. I haveanother amendment, which
will meet with a response, I am sure, in the heart
of every man in the country. It is as follows:
"To defray the expenses of transposing the remains of
General Taylor from the cemetery in Washington to Ken-
tucky, to be expended under the direction of the President
of the United States, 
I have not put in the sum, but I am inclined to
think it should be at least $2,0U0.
Mr. RCJSK. There is, 1 understand, a com-
munication from the President of the United Slates
on this same subject, which 1 hope may be read.
[The message was read, setting forth that it is
the wish of the family and relatives of the late
lamented President of the United Slates that his
retrains should be moved to the State of Kentucky;
and, being desirous of manifesting the most sin-
cere and profound respect for the character of the
deceased, in which the President expresses his
conviction that Congress will fully concur, he felt
it to be his .duty to make known the wishes of the
family to Congress, so that, previous to adjourn-
ment, they might adopt such proceedings and take
such order on the subject asm their wisdom might
seem meet and proper.]
Mr. CASS. I am highly gratified, sir, with
that message. It is a just tribute to the worth of
the deceased hero and patriot, who, after spending
a lifetime m the service of his country, was taken
away in the midst of his labors, whilst filling
the office of Chief Magistrate of the Republic. 1
' stated to the Senate before that I did not know
with what amount to fill the blank. A letter which
I have here from the Marshal of the District sug-
gests $4,000; and another estimate puts it at that
also. The committee of the House also are will-
ing to accede to that proposition. This is not a
question of dollars; it is a tribute of national grati-
tude; and I have not the least doubt, therefore,
that the Senate will fix it at $4,000, to be expended
under the direction of the committee of the Senate.
I have also a letter from Colonel Bliss, signify-
ing the intention of the family to have the remains
of the deceased transferred to Kentucky* It is
merely in response to the question put as to the
intention of the family on the subject, and is
couched in terms of. the utmost delicacy and pro-
priety, referring to nor suggesting nothing that is
here proposed'at all. This is entirely gratuitous
on the ..part of th£ nation, and is a free-will testi-
monial of respect and gratitude.
, The blank was filled with the sum of $4,000,
and the amendment agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to strike
out the following clause:
" For the collection of agricultural statistics, $4,500, to be
paid out of the patent fund."
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Several Senators.. "Oh, no; it will take up
too much time.''
Mr. PRATT. I withdraw the call, then.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
" For defraying the expenses of the chemical analysis of
vegetable substances produced and used for the food of man
and animals in the United State*, to be expended under the
direction of the Commissioner of Patents, $1,000, to be paid
out of the patent fund."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to strike out
the word " five" and insert " six," in the 141st ;
line of the bill; so that we may pay the messenger >
in the Third Auditor's office the same compensa- 1
tion that we pay the same officer in the Second
Auditor's office. I understand that there are very
onerous duties devolved on him, and that this is ;
but a just compensation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to offer the following
- amendment:
" For compensation to the late and present agents for
transmitting passports and sealed letters from the Treasury
Department to the collectors of the cu.-toms since the 1st of
January, J842,$l,44d.:"
I will make a brief explanation of this amend-
| ment. The appropriation is recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and is for services ren-
dered by the late chief clerk of the Treasury, Mr.
Young, without any compensation at all. For |
forty years, up to 1842, these services were paid j
for under the act of Congress, but at that time the |
officer was cutoff from receiving anything. This 1
is owing to the law of 1842, which requires that I
nothing shall be paid to officers^who receive the j
amount of their salary. He has faithfully per- i
formed these services, and I hope that the amend- 1
ment will pass. . ^ |
The amendment was rejected - !
Mr. WALKER. I wish to offer the following
amendment:
u For balance due to David Trwin, as associate judge of
Wisconsin Territory, as audited and allowed by the proper
accounting officer* ol the Treasury, the sum of $571 65."
I have only to say that the demand was audited
and allowed by the proper officers of the Treasury
Depaitment; and that, so far as the appropriation
went, it was paid. The estimate for it was re-
ceived too late, or from some other cause was
not acted upon by the Committee on Finance. •
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON". On Satuiday I asked, in behalf
of the District of Columbia, for an appropriation
of $5,000 for an examination and survey to be
made by the War Department for the introduc-
tion of water into the city of Washington. It was
rejected.
Mr. HALE. Try it again.
Mr. MASON. I am now informed by th© au-
thorities of Washington that their only desire is to
have the benefit of the science under the War De-
partment for this examination; and therefore I
have reduced the appropriation to $500. The city
of Washington will endeavor to bear the expense,
but they want this science to aid them.
The amendment was agreed to, and is as fol-
: lows:
1 « To enablt? the War Department to make sueh examina-
tion and survey as may he necessary to determine upon the
best and most available mode ot supplying the city ot Wa h-
inj^tor. with pure water, and to piepare a plan and estimate
ot toe piobable cost of the same, to be reported to this Con-
gress at na next session, five hundred dollars."
Mr. DICKINSON. I hope that^will be the last.
Mr. SMITH. 1 have an amendment to pro-
pose, which I trust will receive the favorable con-
sideration of the Senate, inasmuch as it does not
contemplate the taking of any money out of the
Treasury, but the putting of some in. It is as fol-
lows :
" Sec. — Beit farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for
the Secretary ot the Treasury ta cause the revenue steamer
Dallas, now lying in the poit of New York, together with
the machinery placed thereon, under and by virtue of a con-
tract by and between R. J. Walker, late Secretary of the
Treasury, and Ethan Campbell, dated August 25th, 1848j to
he. appraised by one or more good and sufficient appraisers,
and to sell, (if tnft said Secretary shall think the public in-
terests will thereby be promoted,) the said steamer and ma-
chinery to said Campbell at ?aid appraised value, and to an-
nul by and with his assent,said contract: Provided,That the
said Secretary shall, in selling said steamer and machinery
to said,Campbell, take from him a release or discharge of
the United States from aTl claims and demands under and
by virtue of said contract."
Mr. DICKINSON. I believe that,although it
is a very long amendment, it is all right. Its ne-
cessity arises out of one of those miserable trans-
actions in which the Government undertook to
furnish the means for individuals to experiment
with. The Secretary of the Treasury, and every-
body else, now agree that the best thing that can
be done is to sell the vessel.
The amendment was agreed to.
There being no further amendment proposed,
the bill was reported to the Senate. ,
The PRESIDENT. Shall the question be taken «
on the amendments separately or altogether?
Mr. HALE. They cannot be taken altogether,
Mr. DICKINSON, i would suggest that gen-
tlemen designate the particular amendments or*
which they wish a separate vote to be taken, For
myself, I value time more than the carrying out of
my peculiar views.
Mr. PEARCE. Theie is one amendment on
which I desire the question to be taken separately*
an-d that is the one repealing the law by which
Congress authorized certain national exchanges.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that gentlemer*
specify the amendments which they desire to ex-
cept, and that the question be taken generally on
the others.
The suggestion was assented to.
Mr. EW1NG. I would except from the gen-
eral vote the amendment striking out theappropri-
ation for the library for the Department of the In-
terior.
Mr. COOPER. I would except the amendment
reducing the rent paid for Winder's1 building.
Mr. SOULE. With respect to the suggestion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, I have to state
that the Senate will remember, that when the vote
was taken on that question on Monday, it was af-
ter the answer made to the demand whether or not
Mr. Winder was at liberty to rent the unoccupied
rooms. And upon the affirmative answer to that
\ inquiry the Senate adopted the amendmentcoming
! from the Committee on Finance. I now have 
1, The PRESIDENT. The amendment is notnow
i under consideration, having been excepted.
Mr. SOULE. Ah I very well.
Mr. YULEE. 1 wish an opportunity to record
my vote and place it on the Journals against all
appropriations made either for works or surveys
of works for the improvement of rivers and lakes,,
and I should like also to see the votes of some
other gentlemen on record on the same subjects.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator indicate
the specific clause he desires excepted ?
Several Senators. Oh no ! it will take up too
much time.
Mr. YULEE. Well, I will be satisfied then by
simply declaring to the Senate my opposition; to
all such appropriations.
Mr. HALE. The exception I make is to the
amendment making a donation to the public print-
ers of ten per cent, on the work they have finished.
I desire a vote on that.
Mr HAMLIN, I desire to except the amend-
ment which makes an appropriation to the Cum-
berland dam.
Several Senators. There is no such amend-
ment.
jt Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to except the amend-
jj ment making an appropriation for the survey of
i. the Ohio river, with a view of making dams for
l| the supply of that stream with water.
; Mr. BADGER. I should like to have all the
jj amendments excepted which have been voted in
i! against my vote, [Laughter,]
