THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB1.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS'SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Se«#o.\*.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 1, 1850.
New Series No, 54.
sissippi apd to the State of Alabama the case is i
different; there you go immediately upon the '
coast, through thf pine barrens, and there the ■
public lands are not settled; thesp, then, are of no '
value; there the appropriation will amount to little !
or nothing. Hut, sir, this is not the ground upon i
whicn I desire to place the question. Before we !
act upon the question, I want it to be ascertained ,
and decided whether it be constitutional or not.
The distinguished Senator from Michigan [Mi. \
Cass] tells us that the question has been settled !
beyond all controversy. The Sen^toi from Ala- i
bama [Mr. Kijcg] tells us that the late President
of the United States mistook the constitutional
question in tfie view which he took of it, and
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] has
been convinced by the arguments of the distin-
guished Senator from Michigan. Now, sir, how
do they establish this principle? I am an internal
improvement msn to the extent of the pov.er
vested in me as a representative under the Con-
stitution. I will go to the extent of those powers,
and I shall only be limited by my construction
and conscientious principles on this subject. Now,
my view upon this subject is this, and I will re-
duce it to a principle, and show its application.
The Government of the United States is the mere
trustee of the public property, either for the ben-
efit of the States, as the old Republican party
would say, or for the benefit of the people at
large, as the old Federal party would say; the
Government is either a trustee for the people at
lar^e or for the States. Now. I desire to know,
under the compact under which we are acting, and
under which I am about for the first time to give
a vote, on what principle it is that you dccidc that
the trustee—the General Government—has a right
to make a donation of any part of the trust to any
portion of the cestui que "trusts to the exclusion of
the other; in other words, if you, Mr. President,
or any other individual person represented the
people of these United States as the Government,
and you were making a disposition of the prop-
erty belonging to those people or States, you
would ask yourself the question, when about to
make a donation to Miy portion of the States or
people, upon what principle and by what authority
you did it?
Now, sir, I would thank any Senator in the
course of this argument to convince me that we
have such authority. I desire to improve this
country, and, as I stated before, to the extent
limited by my convictions. Can Congress give
to Illinois under the cestui que trust, a million and
a half of*acres of land, and then turn round and
tell the other States in the cestui que trust, we do
it in order to benefit the whole of you? The
question is, have we any such power? in my
judgment, we have it not at all. The public
property belongs to the entire people, and when
we dispose of it we must dispose of it on that
principle. Well, then, the principle comes back
on us again, can the trustee dispose of a part
of the property of the cestui que trust for the ben-
efit of a portion of the cestui que trust to the ex-
clusion of the rest? In my judgment, not at all.
It is not a principle of equity or justice, and in
my opinion it is not constitutional. Now, sir, let
us go a little further. Suppose that the Senator
from Illinois had presented a petition setting forth
that there are large tracts of land belonging to the
General Government in the State of Illinois, which
cannot be disposed of until they are occupied and
settled, and asking Congress to appropriate a
million and a ba'f of that land for the erection
of manufacturing establishments to increase the
value of the public property which is all around.
Where is the authority for such an act, and what
constitutes the difference between a railroad es-
tablished and erccted by the State, and a manu-
facturing establishment? None whatever. You
may carry the principle into every power that be-
longs to this Government, into every question
which involves our prosperity and our happiness.
It is a principle which will not bear investigation,
and one which a member having conscientious
scruples as to the powers which he has under
54
the Constitution in acting here, may well doubt
about carrying out. Now, here is a limitation
on a power, or there is no power at ail. How
can 1 exercise it? I cannot do it. But you say,
you advance the prosperity of the country; you
increase the value of the public lands. Well, if
you adopt the principle that Congress can do any-
thing to increase the value of the public, prop-
erty, all controversy in relation to the Cumber-
land road will have ceased; all controversy about
internal improvements will have ceased, because
you make the discretion, the judgment of the rep-
resentatives the limitation of the power under
which they are acting. It is remarkable, that if a
citizen and politician goes from ony part of the
Union to the western States, he forgetsall that he
may have learned in early life of the powers of the
Government in relation to internal improvements,
and comes back here a thorough internal-improve-
ment man, believing in the unlimited powerof the
Government in such matters. This is not the effect
of reasoning upon the mind, but it is the result of
the interests by which he is surrounded and con-
trolled. i do not blame him; but, being myself
uninfluenced by any such circumstances and con-
siderations, I can reflect upon the subject; and I
am constrained—although going against my in-
clination, which is, that the country should be
improved as rapidly as possible—to act according
to my own conscientious convictions.
It is true, as stated by the Senator from Ala-
bama, that the public lands there are of no value;
it is true that they belong to the Government. But
what is to be done with them9 How can the Gov-
ernment dispose of them ? Wheie is the power
to do so? It is believed by many that there is
none. We hava-*never made a donation in this
country that has not been controverted, even in
cases of donations to individuals. In a ease of a
donation to an individual, in which the Senator
from Kentucky and other gentlemen interested
themselves, it was put upon the principle of com-
pensation for services rendered m the revolution-
ary war. Yet we are called upon to-day to make
a donation of a million and a half of acres of land,
and to justify ourselves on the ground that we are
promoting the public interests thereby, by increas-
ing the value of the adjacent land. Why, sir,
where is the power in this Government to make a
donation to A in a manner that presses B into pay-
ins: double price? How is it that A became a
beneficiary under the Constitution, whilst you put
a penalty upon B? But it is said that both will
be benefited. Well, the principle is the same.
Where is the power under the constitution that
we have to benefit one that another may be bene-
fited also? The Government is not founded upon
such a principle, and when we carry it out on such
principles, we are carrying it out erroneously; we j
are making the limitation of the power under 1
which we act depend upon the discretion of men. '
1 repeat that I am anxious to vote upon these i
questions in such a manner as will improve our I
country, give ease and comfort to our people, and !
facilitate the access to markets; but when my judg-
ment comes in conflict with my inclinations on
constitutional grounds, every Senator must know
that I must abide by what I conscientiously be-
lieve to be an objection.
Mr. DOUGLAS. One word, sir, in answer to
the questions propounded by the Senator fiom
Georgia. In reply to the honorable Senator's
question, where is this power to be found, I refer
him to the clause of the Constitution of the United
States which says that Congress may prescribe
rules for the disposition of the public lands, terri-
tories, and other property of the United States.
The power to dispose of the public lands is given
in so many words, and where a power is express-
ly given without any limitation,*1 apprehend that
it is our duty to judge of the terms of sate. We
have a right to sell upon credit or to sell for cash.
We have a right to make any other disposition of
the public lands which we may think proper, pro-
vided that disposition is in accordance with the
nature of the trust. In other words, we may make
any disposition of these publio lands which tends
to increase the trust fund. I do not argue the
question of our right to donate, as we do not pro-
pose to donate. I do not deem it necessary, there-
fore, to answer that question. We propose.to
make a proper constitutional and legal disposition
of the bbd*", in a mode that will benefit and in-
crease the tiust fund under our charge. The
povvcr is expressly given; there is no limitation
upon it; hut [ confess thdt we are bound to exer-
cise thet power in a manner th<\t is ccriN'Stcnt with
the trun placed in our hands. We must not
diminish, hut we should increase and impiove that
trust fund, and make it bring the largest amount
that we can. Now, sir, suppose tlu«t you had a
large section of the pirbhc lands en t i el v inundated,
so that they were not worth a farthing per acre.
Suppose the giving away of one-tenth portion of
these lands wou'd render the whole of them avail-
able and saleable; if you have not the power to
give away the one-tenth on condition that the other
shall be rendered available, {he whole is worth
nothing—it is waste, entirely valueless: but by
giving away a portion you render the remainder
valuable, arid thus gain con&ideiab'y by it; would
any one spy that it was not wise, if it was his
own individual property, to make that disposition,
or a portion of it, in order to render the other
available ? And if wise m his own case, is it not
wise and proper in our case, also, provided we are
the trustees, as the Senator alleges? Clearly I
tlrnk so. I think, therefore, th'-n is a constitu-
tional disposition of them, a leK-al disposition of
them, which proposes to improve the trust fund
and increase its value by this mode of disposing
of the property.
But the Senator from Georgia asks me, where
is the power to make the purchaser pay double
price for the land? Sir, we do not propose to
make him pay double price for the land. We
have land that is comparatively valueless, if not
entirely so, that will not sell at the present price,
because, as at present situated, it is not worth
it. You cannot get a dollar and a quarter per acre
for it, because it is not worth a dollar and a quar-
ter. But we propose now to give away half of it,
on condition that the other half shall be rendered
worth two and a half dollars per acre. And, after
th's improvement is made, the land being worth
two and a half dollars per acre, the purchaser
buys it for what-it is worth. Is it any hardship on
him to sell him land worth two and a half dollar
per acre for two and a half dollars, in preference
to compelling him to give one and a half dollars
for land that is not worth it? It is no tax on the
purchaser. If we compel him to pay more money,
we tiive him better land; he gets an equivalent for
his money, and therefore it is no tax. It is no
more a tax to give ten dollars per acre for land
worth that amount, than to give one dollar and a
quarter per acre for land only worth one dollar
and a quarter. Hence that objection vanishes in
a moment. And i must remind the Senator that
this point of hardship on the settler, compelling
him to pay a double price for the land in question,
is done at our own consent; and being so, is it
not reasonable to suppose that we have been more
likely to look into this question carefully and
practically than those go far removed from the
s^cne of cction that they cannot have that per-
sonal knowledge? Is it probable that I or my
collesgue would be willing to impose such hard-
ships on the people of our own Stater We have
put in this orovision because we believe it is just
t-> the Government to put it there; because we be-
lieve it is jus; to our own people to [tut it there.
We know that the land is not now worth the
Government price. We believe it will be %vor<h
double, if not treble, the Government price by the
construction of this road. Thai being the case, it
will be for the advantage of the sftt'ers and pur-
chasers, as well as for the advantage of the Gov-
ernment, that the velue of the land should be in-
creased, and the price increased also. I will not
occupy any more of the lime of the Senate, as
the subject hos been already thoroughly discussed.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I had no idea
of entering this discussion, nr.r do I propose
