1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
The PRESIDENT. Senators must specify the
particular amendments they wish excepted. The
Chair cannot tell how the Senator voted.
Mr. BADGER. I do not insist on my motion.
Mr. CHASE. I ask a separate vote on the
amendment which appropriates $200,000 for the
enlargement of the Capitol.
There being no further exceptions taken, the
remaining amendments made in committee were
agreed to. >
Mr. PEARCE. I now move that the Senate
non-concur in the amendment added to the fifty-
third line repealing the law authorizing the system
of international exchange. It is one with which
Senators are all familiar, and if concurred in, then
is Mons. Vattemare's occupation gone.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. EWING. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment striking out the follow-
ing clause from the items for the Department of
the Interior:
f* For library, maps, &c., $5,600."
I hope the appropriation will be suffered to re-
main; it is but a small one.
Mr. HALE. That is sufficient.
The motion was declared to be carried.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not think the vote
was understood, and I hope it will be taken again.
All I desire is the sense of the Senate on this ques-
tion, and if it shall be decided that this sum shall
0 be given for a library, then I have nothing further
to say.
A division being had, the amendment was not
concurred in—ayes 15, noes 24.
Mr. COOPER. I move that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment striking; out, in line 405,
the words, " twenty-one thousand eight hundred
and seventy-five dollars," and inserting " sixteen
thousand three hundred and sixty-two dollars and
fifty cents."
Since the vote was taken on Saturday, reducing
the sum originally inserted in the bill, some new
light has been derived, by which the Senate will
be able to act more understandingly. The agree-
ment between the parties was that Mr. Winder
should have no power to rent any of the rooms
for any other purpose. The Government, there-
fore, virtually took the whole building. I believe
that my friend from Louisiana is prepared to ex-
plain it by a letter from the Secretary, addressed
to the party who owns the building.
Mr. SOULE. When this question came before
the Senate on Saturday, it was decided upon the
assurance that the lessor was at liberty to rent
whatsoever unoccupied rooms were to be found in
the building; and upon that misapprehension the
amendment proposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, who himself was not aware of
the existing state of faets, was adopted by the
Senate. Since then I have been furnished with a
letter written to the lessor by the Secretary of
War, denying him the right of disposing of the
unoccupied rooms; so that we are in duty bound
to let the allowance granted by the House of Rep-
resentatives remain in the bill; and my motion,
therefore, will be, that the Senat_e do not concur in
the amendment adopted in committee on Satur-
day.
Several Senators. Read the letter.
Mr. SOULE. The letter is as follows:
«I decline to address to the Committee of Ways and
Means the note requested in your letter of the 18th instant,
stating your desire to let the vacant rooms in your building,
and the objections entertained by this department to that
course. Should, however, the committee ask my views on
the subject, I would have no hesitation in saying, that so
long as anv considerable portion of the building is occupied
by the public offices, the whole should be undei the exclu-
sive control of the public agents, and that to have the ronms
of piivate individual*, whether occupied as lodging rooms
or as places of puhhe bu-iness, intermingled with the pub-
lic offices, would be highly objectionable, because very am-
&afe."
Mr. DICKINSON. It is due to all parties con-
cerned, as well as to tnyself and the Senate, that I
should state that these facts came to my knowl-
edge since the action of the Seriate on Saturday.
I had previously examined very carefully into this
matter. I was unable to see the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, who was very much en-
gaged as well as myself, but I sent to him, and
was informed that all the papers were sent to me.
I could not find, after all the examination I gave
it; that there were more than ninety-three and a
half rooms occupied. After going to every De-
partment or sending the clerk of the committee
there, this was all we could ascertain. These
facts I communicated to the Senate, and then, in
answer to a question from a Senator, I stated that
so far as I knew the lessor had a perfect right to
rent the vacant rooms to whomsoever he chose.
That was my understanding of the matter,.and
is yet, though this letter seems to give a different
complexion to it. This letter k? dated " War De-
partment, Washington, May 20, 1850," and was
directed to Mr. Windsor, and in it the Secretary
of War then administering the Wat^ Department,
declined to answer the committee, but says to Mr.
Winder that it would be very objectionable to al-
low the rooms to be rented for other than Govern-
ment purposes. I have no doubt that it would be
very objectionable, and that is a matter for the
consideration of the Senate, but I wish to add
that this letter was in the hands of the proprietor
himself, and with all my vigilance was not
brought to me until since our action on Saturday.
Then I learned that such a letter had been written
to a private individual, instead of to the commit-
tee. I blame no one especially for this, unless I
may be allowed to censure the conduct of a cabi-
net officer, ai*d of whom I will say nothing, inas-
much as he has gone out of office. I say that the
course I have pursued, and its results, is a vindi-
cation in my judgment of the policy I established,
of refusing to act upon any of these questions
without a recommendation from some responsible
cabinet officer, and 1 hope that hereafter letters of
this character will be addressed to the committee.
General Bayly had the letter at one time in his
possession, but as it was private property he de-
livered it up to the individual who asked for it.
He forgot to put it with his papers again, and for
that reason it did not come under the notice of the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. I can bear testimony to the
vigilance which the Senator from New York, the
chairman of the Finance Committee, evinced in
this matter. I believe that, upon this occasion, he
was perfectly right in the first instance; but with
the testimony which has been adduced since, I
am compelled to believe that we ought to restore
the amount of rent to what it was in the bill as it
came from the House. I infer from what he says
that he is of the same opinion; and therefore I
hope that, without further debate, we may reject
the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was of the same opinion on
Saturday as was entertained by the Senator from
Virginia, and the difference between him and my-
self is, that he has changed his opinion and I have
not. I have heard nothing as yet which induces
me to believe that the amount of rent charged here
ought to be paid; and if this gentleman had evi-
dence to the contrary he ought to have presented
it elsewhere and in season. I think it is in bad
taste, to say the least, after the Senate has decided
on a question, to present additional testimony*.
However that may be, as 1 stated on a former oc-
casion, this Government agreed to pny $175 per
room for the number actually occupied, and it was
not anticipated that it would be called upon to pay
that rent for every room in the building. We pay
that rent for rooms mostly on the first and second,
stories, though there are some I believe in the third
story. Now, are we, I ask, to pay such a rent for
rooms which we do not occupy? CJpon what prin-
ciple of justice can such a demand be made on the
Treasury? This question of rent is one which is
to be referred to hereafter, upon which to base a
price for the building when it shall be offered for
sale to the Government. Indeed, I should prefer
to buy it at once, as no doubt we shall have to do
in the end; but I do not wish to pay for it at a price
based on the large rent which is sought to be ob-
tained for it, especially in this way of tacking it at
the last moment to an appropriation bill. Here is
a rent of §20,000 proposed to be given for a build
ing which, at the utmost, never cost more than
$100,000. I anticipated that there would be an
effort to reverse the vote of Saturday, and I en-
deavored to ascertain the original cost of the build-
ing, and am informed that it cost but some $95,000
And is there any one who will say that an annual
rent of $20 000 is not a most exorbitant one for a
building which only cost that sum ? Sir, I would
prefer that Congress should make an appropriation
for its purchase at once. The Secretary of War,
under a former Administration, hesitated before
paying $150 per room; and yet we pay $175 per
room, and it is asked now that the same price shall
be paid for rooms which we have not occupied, i
think, sir, that even $16,600 is far more rent than
the building is worth, whether we shall continue
to act on the principle of renting public offices or
not; and I feel bound, therefore, to insist oh the,
former vote of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. So far as I am concerned I
should be very much opposed to buying this
building, for reasons which it is not necessary- for^
me now to give, as there is no proposition for the
purchase of the building*by the Government pend-
ing. The criticism of the Senator from Indiana is
perhaps right to this extent, that we probably ought
not to give as much for those rooms we do not usa
as we clo for others; but certainly weought to give
something, as the owner is prevented from renting
them for other purposes. I voted with the Sen-
otors from New York and Indiana the other day,
but I was not aware at the time that the Secretary
of War had written this letter in relation to the
matter. Upon hearing that, it seems to me that
we have done wrong, and that we ought to maVe
some allowance for these unoccupied rooms, al-
though not so much perhaps as has been pro-
posed. But at this late period of the session,
where there is no time to do as we would, I was
willing to allow the appropriation as it came from
the House. However, if the Senator from In-
diana chooses to reduce the appropriation so as to
allow something less for rooms in the upper story
of the building which we do not occupy, I will
agree to it; but I believe, on the whole, we had
better let it pass as it is.
Mr. DICKINSON. In regard to this question
of $175 per room, itcertainly cannot be contended
that the unoccupied rooms are worth as much as
those occupied. This part of it is a question
; which the committee perhaps did not fully exam-
ine, supposing as they did that there was no rea-
son to demand any rent at all for the unoccupied
rooms. I supposed the original sum was al-
lowed upon some plan which I did not approve,
and therefore struck it out, and supposed so all
along until I saw this private letter written by the
Secretary of War. It is, however, now for the
Senate to say whether they do or do not think this
rent too high.
Mr. SOULE. There was no accession on the
part of the lessor to come here with his proof
until the question was raised as to his right of
receiving rent for all the rooms in the house. He
could not be expected to furnish the evidence
until'hewas made aware of the difficulty. And
I now I ask the Senator where he finds the power
1 to discriminate between these rooms, when he
| finds Mr. Winder writing to the Secretary of War
i and asking the liberty of disposing of these rooms,
j and when in the answer of the Secretary he is
| told that he cannot so dispose of them ? Why
certainly we cannot refuse the allowance made by
the House; and I hope, therefore, that the
i amendment made in Committee of the Whole
j will be non-concurred in.
| Mr. BRIGHT demanded the yeas and nays on
; the motion to non-concur, and they were ordered,
j Mr. YULEE. I desire to say that I shall vote
for concurring in the amendment, for this, among
other reasons': We have heretofore paid but $150
a room, which I consider a full and liberal ^ent;
and this appropriation from the House proposes to
increase it to $175 per room, which I consider far
too high.
Mr. HALE. We paid $175 last year, if I am
not mistaken.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; but $150.
Mr. DICKINSON. ■ I have stated that this pri-
vate letter put an entirely different complexion on
this matter, and in one rdspect it does. It shows
that the department refused the lessor permission
to rent these unoccupied rooms, which was a mat-
ter in relation to which I could get no information,
after the most careful search, until this private
letter was produced. However, I believe that
$16,500, or about that sum, is a sufficiently high
rent under all the circumstances; and therefore I
shall vote to retain it as it is.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment, and it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Benton
Bright, Chase, Clarke, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fetch'
Hamlin. Noma, Rusk, Spruance, Walker, Whitcomb, aud
YUIPP—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Bradbury, Cass, Cooper,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Misstebippi, Dawson
