850
Ji
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
to go further into than to submit to the
Senate one or two propositions to show the fallacy
of some of the grounds which have been assumed.
It is said that you are to take alternate sections six
miles each side of the road; and if you cannot
find it within the six miles, you are to take it
where you can find it, provided you take it contig-
uously. If you cannot find it contiguously twenty
miles off, you may go fifty miles. Very well; can
we by a mere statutory fiat, make the alternate
section fifty miles off worth $2 50, because they
have taken one worth $1 25 by this grant? I do
not see how this effect is to be produced.
Mr. SHIELDS, (interposing.) Will the hon-
orable Senator yield the floor for a moment? I
will state upon that point, that the land selected at
a distance from the road is merely the alternate
section to be granted.
Mr. BUTLER. Then there is no increase in
price in any another section to correspond to it.
Mr. SH.1ELDS. It may be that the land thus
selected will not be more than fifty thousand acres.
But it would be unjust for the alternate section in
that case to be enhanced in price; and I will say,
in that particular case, the Government must suffer
a loss in consequence of the selection of land at
that distance.
Mr. BUTLER resumed. That is a fair state-
ment. Sir, I had not read the bill, and did not
see how this was to be balanced. Not to dwell
upon that point, I presume that, if the Senator
from Illinois is correct, the road wilt at least run
for fifty or one hundred miles through settled land.
I suppose it is not an extravagant proposition, that
it may run one hundred miles over contiguous cul-
tivated lan^jL Then wherfe are they to go for their
land? I will answer for it that, with four hun-
dred miles from which to choose*, they will find
where the best lands are, and they will find them
" contiguous," too. I should not want a better
Jacob's staff to show me where the best lands are.
They would find their contiguous lands, 1 will an-
swer for it, among the best unoccupied lands upon
the Tomhtgbee, or somewhere else upon the route.
It is nothing more nor less than, under this pretext,
to select good lands to puy for the public roads
through the State of Illinois, to be connected with
Mobile. Now, how will you get through Ken-
tucky and Tennessee ? You make a road, and re-
ceive lands—some in Alabama, some in Missis-
sippi, some in Illinois—and with these lands you
construct a road through Kentucky and Tennes-
see. I suppose they are to get a chartcr, which is
intended to supersede or to evade that clause of the
Constitution which provides tnat the consent of
Congress shall be obtained before any two or more
States siiail form a compact or agreement.
Now, sir, if one of these great national thorough-
fares is to be formed, I would indicate a very dif-
ferent route. I think there might be found in the
neighborhood of Charleston one hundred and fifty
miles of public, lands; and the road might he laid off
through Georgia, Alabama,Tennessee,and Illinois.
There would be no difficulty at all. I heard the Sena-
tor from Missouri [Mr. Benton] say something1 the
of her day about " tacking bills," but this system
of taking alternate sections to make a road is
giving to the different States, the power to regulate
a thing, which above all others should be publici
juris—the public highways. I agree with the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] that I can-
not consent that the Congress of the United States,
as a fiduciary proprietor, has any right to sell or
dispose of the public lands otherwise than to sub-
serve the ends of the trust. It has no right to give
them away, even to Hungarian heroes." I know
you have done it; you have done a greatdeal. It
introduces a system of partiality of all others most
fatal, introducing elements of local jealousy m the
United States. I, sir, should much prefer the sys-
tem of the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay;] for I think it is not only more liberal,
but more correct.
I, for one, would much prefer to-morrow that
the public lands should he sold for what they
would bring, and the proceeds thereof distributed
among the soldiers and officers of the war of 1812
and of the recent Mexican war, and thus withdraw
them entirely from the field of political influences
and party warfare, i would decidedly prefer it.
I shall never have a dollar of interest m the
matter. As far as my State is concerned, I stand
somewhat- in the condition which is called (in
; af a jury) a state of indffirency, and am
enabled, I think, to look upon the subject fairly
with reference to the interests of the whole United
States. For the Government of the United States to
assume to be a speculator in the public lands, upon
the ground of being a fiduciary proprietor in them,
is an undertaking to which I never have and never
shall give my consent. I do not believe that as a
simple trustee it has the right to enter into any
such speculation. Such measures are advocated
on the ground of the public good of the whole
country*, but I find that there is usually some
strong local interest at the bottom. Selfishness
►is a powerful stimulus, and "is very apt to lead
those who advocate measures of this kind to talk
largely of the welfare of the poor settlers who are
subjected to the hazards of pioneers going into
those lands, not encouraged by the Government,
(fee., &c. Now, sir, I am very much inclined to
think that the people who settle in Iowa, Wiscon-
sin,Michigan,and those other States in the West,
have gone there under the most favorable circum-
stances, to settle on the richest lands, and to avail
themselves of th8 richest part of the globe. It is
very well to talk about the neglect and indifference
of the Government to the welfare of new settlers;
but, in point of fact, ^o people were ever so favor-
ably dealt with both by nature and by the laws.
They take possession of the richest portion of the
globe at a price which is hardiy more than a
nominal one; and they will have the sceptre, in-
deed they have already the sceptre, of Govern-
ment in their hands in this country, and they
receive freely of the treasure and resources of the
common eountry to improve that which is of itself
so preeminently valuable. They will have what
they ask for now, sir. This bill will pass, as I
have said, it is linked on to a great many bills to
provide great public highways through influential
States, and I am well assured that the plan will be
accomplished; but I am not very willing that the
Congress of the United States should be made
the instrument of diverting the natural currents of
trade and travel in favor of certain localities, by
virtue of a merely incidental circumstance, such
as that the public lands of the country lie exclu-
sively in certain States. I shall vote against it in
every shape into which you may put it. But still
it will pass. I am now speaking against the
wind. You are proposing to give this privilege
for a distance of four hundred miles through the
body of a State, and to allow, when the lands
have been sold in the vicinity of the route, that
others shall be selected twenty, thirty, or perhaps
fifty miles distant. It is not an equitable distribu-
tion of the common property of the States of which
the Government of the United States 13 a mere
trustee, and for whose benefit we are bound to ad-
minister them. It would be far better to distribute
the assets equally among the different States ac-
cording to the policy of the distinguished Senator
from Kentucky, or else to sell them out at the
very lowest prices to the actual settler.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I rise to do noth-
ing more than to express an opinion or two, and
not to enter into the general discussion. I am very
glad to learn that such a great measure of public
justice as I deem it—as the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands—commends itself to the
approbation of my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler,] and that he now deems that an ac-
ceptable measure which 
Mr. BUTLER, (interposing.) Ah ! I am sure
that my friend from Kentucky will allow me to say
that I was looking at alternatives; and, doin^ so,
I had a right to say which of two events I would
deprecate least, without being understood to desire
either.
Mr. CLAY. Well, sir, it is exceedingly agree-
able to me to hear the honorable Senator express
an opinion—either with or without the modifica-
tion he has now made—at all favorable to a great
national measure of justice which would have re-
dounded greatly to the benefit of posterity; and I
cannot but hope that his fear of the entire "waste of
the public lands will induce him, if boine similar
project is brought forward, to go for it.
Sir, with reference to the particular question he-
fore the Senate, 1 have arisen merely to say, in the
first place, that I entertain no doubt about the gen-
eral power, under proper guards and appropriate
restrictions, to make the species of appropriations
of the public lands which is here contemplated; and
1 hope to see a portion of that power extended to
our lakes, and our rivers, and our harbors. I am
ready, for one, to concur in any cautious, but lib-
eral measures for the improvement of those lakes,
and rivers, and harbors. The Ohio river—the
greatest thoroughfare in this'country, with the ex-
ception of the Mississippi—has depended almost
for the possibility of Hfivigating it upon the exer-
cise of this same general power, which I believe
the Government possesses. I have no doubt, I can
entertain no doubt, of the right of the General Gov-
ernment's one of the greatest—the very greatest—
of landholding proprietors, to appropriate a por-
tion of that land for the purpose of making the re-
mainder more valuahle and available.
A great deal has been said about the trusteeship
of the Government It is true that all government
is a matter of trust. Individual men are trustees
created by Providence, bound to administer their
faculties to the best advantage, not merely for
themselves, but for their fellow men. But if, by
the use of the term trustee, it is proposed to quali-
fy, limit, or restrain the trust so as to resemble
the ordinary trusts that are created in the course
of human transactions, I do not concur at all in
that idea. The Government is a trustee for the
purpose of administering the affairs of the nation
according to its best judgment for the good of the
whole, and all the parts of the whole. With re-
spect to the State of Illinois—and I believe the
same is true to a considerable extent with reference
to Mississippi and Alabama, but I happen to know
something personally of the irvterior of the State of
Illinois—that portion of the Slate through which
this road will run js a succession of prairies, the
principal of which is denominated the Grand
Prairie. I do not recollect its exact extent: but it
is, I believe, about three hundred miles in length,
and but one hundred in breadth. Now, this road
will pass directly through that Grand Prairie
lengthwise, and there is nobody who knows any-
thing of that Grand Prairie, who does not know
that the land in it is utterly worthless for any
present purpose—not because it is not fertile, but
for the want of wood, and water, and from the
fact that it is inaccessible, wanting all facilities for
reaching a market, or for transporting timber, so
that nobody will go there and settle while it is so
destitute of all the advantages of society, and the-
conveniences which arise from asocial state. And
now, by constructing this road thiough the prairie,
through the centre of the State of Illinois, you
will bring millions of acres of land immediately
into market, which will otherwise remain for years
and years entirely unsaleahte.
Well, so with regard to Alabama and Missis-
sippi: the road which is proposed will pass through
what is called the Pine Barrens. The soil there,
except in occasional spots, is entirely valueless,
though it is covered with timber which is intrin-
sically very valuable, but now worthless, because
it is unapproachable, and not available for the
want of some means of transport to a market.
Well, by running this road through those^iortions
of Mississippi and Alabama, you will again brinf
into market an immense amount of lands, increas^
ing their value to the benefit of the treasury of the
United States.
Nov/, is it possible that the Government, trustee,
or whatever you may choose to call it—an intel-
ligent being, at any rate—is not bound to manage
the property belongingorintrusted to it in such"a
manner as shall, in its own judgment, redound
most to the benefit of the whole country ? And
in promoting the good of the parts, you promote
the good of the whole. Is there a man even in
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee, Ken-
tucky, Illinois, or the adjoining States, who will
not, m one way or another, avail himself of the
advantages of such a road in the facilities for travel
or transportation' It will furnish a continuous
route from Chicago to Mobile. And Georgia has
already her iron arms stretching out in the same
direction, and will readily form junctions with the
Alabama road.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Butler] has anticipated some difficulty in
relation to Tennessee and Kentucky. Why, sir,
the project is to oairy the road from Mobile to the
mouth of the Ohio livei, or to some place in that
vicinity, perhaps to Columbus, a town a lew miles
below the mouth of the Ohio—thus making one
grand line from Mobile to Chicago, or wherever
the northern terminus may be, passing through
Kentucky at that part of the State where it is ex-
tremely narrow; and I cannot think there will be
