194,4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept;
Dayton, Dodge of Towa, Downs, Ewing, Foote, Greene,
Hale, Houston, Hunter, Jones, Mason,'Morton, Pearee,
Pratt, Seward, Smith. Soul£, Underwood, Wales, and
Winthrop—28.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. CHASE. I move now that the Senate non-
concur in the amendment making an appropriation
for the extension of the Capitol building.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to strike out the word
"wing" and insert the word "addition," for the
purpose of leaving the question open as to whether
we shall make an addition or put on wifigs to the
building:. #
Mr. DAVIS,of Mississippi. There is no need of
' the word " addition" at all; for the striking out of
the word "wing" will accomplish the Senator's ob-
ject. I have no objection to this amendment at all,
and the only effect it will have will be to enlarge
the sphere of inquiry of the committee when they
come into joint action. I would say that plans
for extendnig the wings only were submitted to the
chairman of the committee, but understanding that
different plans have been suggested, I am willing
to leave out the word u wings," in order to leave
it-optional whether we shall adopt the proposition
for another building or for the extension of wings.
Mr. CASS. I would suggest to the Senator
from Virginia that he move to strike out all except
the mere appropriation of $200,000 for the exten-
sion of the Capitol.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have a motion to make which
will cover the whole, and that is to strike out the
whole clause.
The amendment of Mr. Hunter was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE asked for the yeas and nays on the
question of concurring, and they were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to voting
$1,500,000 for the enlargement ©f the Capitol; but
I desire to know, first, in what manner, in what j
place, and under whose direction it is to be ex-
pended. We are making an appropriation for a
matter here which will cost ten times the amount
appropriated, I have now doubt.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have but a single remark to
make before I vote. I voted some two years ago
for an appropriation of $50,000 to aid in the con-
struction of the Patent Office, then estimated to
cost some $300,000. It is admitted now, although
the work has scarcely progressed eleven months,
that it will cost some $1,100,000. Now, I do not in-
tend to vote, as was said by the Senator from Texas,
fbr the erection of further public buildings (ft.it of
the public Treasury until I know something of the
plan, and what is to be the cost of carrying out the
measure. And if this appropriation shall be made,
I will make this prophecy—that before the work
is finished it will cost the Government a million
and a half or two millions of dollars, unless it is
differeritly managed from the other public build-
ings which have been put up here.
Mr. DICKINSON. I believe the Senator is
mistaken in regard to the Patent Office. I under-
stood the whole matter once, but it has passed out
of my mind. I believe, however, that $150,000
was the estimate of the whole cost, though we
shall not get off with that sum.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think I am not mistaken-. I
always double the estimates in these cases in my
own mind. [Laughter.] When the cost was es-
timated at §150,000 I thought it safe to double the
amount, and hence I made it in my own mind
$300 000; and I am told now that it wiil cost
$1,100,000.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Committee on
the Library have examined this matter, at various
times and in various plans, and we thought*We had
finally agreed on one which would enable us to
make something like an estimate of the cost. The
amount asked for was an estimate for the exterior
of the building, as I stated when I introduced it.
The cost oflhe interior was not discussed, still less
decided upon, and it must vary as the interior
shall be built. We thought, however, that to put
up the building and covering, we had asked for as
little as was necessary. I think the objection
taken by the Senator is sound, so far as the dis-
tinct action of the committee is concerned, and I
am not suie that it is not sound altogether. If we
had been able to get the Committee on Public
Buildings of the House to act jointly with us at
an early period of the session, I think we might
have presented a plan, with an estimate attached;
but that we have been unable to do. The esti-
mate which was made was upon wings which
should furnish additional committee rooms, and
two spacious chambers for the use of the Senate
and House of Representatives, and I do not think,
for the purposes of the estimate, the cost would
be increased. The cost will be limited only by
the degree of extentron. And if this Union con-
tinues together, and this continues to be the seat
of Government, I have no idea that any plan
which may now be suggested will finally answer
all the wants of the-country. A very good archi-
tect, speaking of it a short time ago, said that we
would have yet to cover the whole square with
buildings, and I think it is likely. We see at
least that this magnificent building, certainly very
magnificent at the time it was constructed, has
now become too small, and if it be any object to
preserve the lives of Senators, it is then an object
to commence at an early period the extension of
the Capitol. We have all felt the injurious effects
of breathing the atmosphere infected as that of
this Chamber becomes after a long session; and
since the debates of the Senate have become popu-
lar, everybody has witnessed how inadequate the
present galleries are for the accommodation of vis-
iters. By making an appropriation at this session,
the foundation can be commenced during the
recess, which will make probably a ^difference of
a year in the completion of the work. It is for
the Senate to decide whether they will hazard the
committee adopting an extravagant plan, or the
postponement of the work.
Mr. CASS. I know nothing as to the merits
of the several plans proposed, but I think this to
be the very worst building on the face of the
earth for the purposes to which it is devoted, and I
have no idea of voting for the erection of another
like it. You can scarcely hear in this Chamber,
and in the House you cannot hear at all, while a
large portion of the building is sacrificed and lost
in winding stairways and dark corridors. I re-
peat, I think this to be the very worst building in
the world for its purposes.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say that although
I was heartily in favor of the amendment as origin-
ally adopted, yet I shall vote against it, in the
form in which it has been amended.
The question was then taken on concurring, and
resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Clarke, Cooper,
Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Downs, Ewmg, Foote,
Greene, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Hunter, Norris, Pcarce,
Pratt, St^waid, Smith, Soul4, Winthrop, and Yulee—24.
NAYS—Mfssrs. Atchison, Badger, Bright, Cass, Chase,
Clay, Davis of Massachusetts, Dayton. Dickinson, Dodge of
Iowa, Felch, Hamlin, Jones, M ison, Morton, Ru^k, Sebas-
tian, Spruance, Underwood, Walker, and Whstcomb—21.
So the amendment as amended was concurred in.
Mr. HAMLIN. I had demanded a separate
vote on an amendment relating to the Cumberland
dam. I am informed that no appropriation for
the construction of that work was adopted, and as
I did not mean my motion to apply to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky, in relation to
the survey of the Ohio river, of course there is no
question which I desire to be taken separately.
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 now ask a vote on the
question of concurring with the amendment in
making an appropriation for a survey of the Ohio
river, with a view to make dams to supply it with ,
water. !
Mr. NORRIS demanded the yeas and nays, and j
thev were ordered. '
The question being then taken on concurring, it j
resulted as follows: i
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Bright, Cllase, Clarke,
Clay, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi,
Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Ewing, Foote, Greene, Hale, Joiips, i
King, Morton, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soul^'t
Spruance, Underwood, Wales, and Winthrop—2?. 1
NAYS—Meters. Atchison, Benton, Cass, Dawson, Day- j
ton,*Dickinson, Felch, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Mason, j
Norris, Pratt, Rusk, Walker, and Yulee—16. :
So the amendment was concurred in. !
Mr. HALE. I now ask that the Senate non- ,
concur in the amendment adopted on the motion i
of the Senator from Louisiana, in relation to the j
public nrintu g I'
When I addressed the Senate a short time ago '
in relation to this subject, I made some statements 1
which the Senators from Mississippi and Indiana j
assured me and the Senate I was mistaken in j
making. Since then I have met a member of the !
House, who is on the Printing Committee there, '
and who assures me that the proof before the com-
mittee fully sustained what I then stated,-and that
was, that these individuals who took the contract
for printing declared at the time they took it, that
they knew they could not execute it, and .that they
did it to break down the contract system, and in-
duce the two Houses to choose Mr. Ritchie for.,
their printer.
Mr. CASS. Not very likely.
Mr. HALE. I am told that it was proved by
numerous witnesses before the committee of the,
other House.
Mr. FOOTE. Who told you?
, Mr. HALE. 1 have not the least objection to-
tell the Senator.
Mr. CASS. Who are the witnesses?
Mr. HALE. I do not know. I state the fact,
as it was given to me by a member of the other
House.
Mr. FOOTE. What is his name ?
Mr. HALE. Let me state further, that the ex-
pense of printing ordered at this session will,
at the least calculation, amount to $110,000 or
#120,000. I am informed by the chairman of the
Committee on Printing that it will not be less than
$110,000, and may amount to $120,000. Now,
this amendment proposes to make Mr. Ritchie
entirely whole, to remunerate him for every loss
which he may sustain by coming into this con-
tract, by the means which he did, and then it pro-
poses to go further, and make a direct giftorpres-
ent to him of §11,000 or $12,000! In other words,
after the Secretary of the Treasury has paid every
dollar Mr. Ritchie has lost, and the country saved*
and he has been made entirely whole upon a con-
tract thus entered into, a direct gift is to be made i
to him of $11,000 or §12,000.
A Senator That is but a reasonable profit.
Mr. HA'LE. No, sir, it is to give him $12,000;
outright, for nothing is said about profits, Itis.to
make him a present of ten per cent, upon all the
work he has done. In other words, it is a reward
to an individual for succeeding in his declaration
that he would break down a law of Congress,
twice sanctioned. I am not willing, sir, to do this,
and I want to have the yeas and nays taken on
the question, so that the country may see who ia
willing to squander the public money in this way
upon men who have rendered it no service, and
for no purpose, unless it is to offer a gratuity for
breaking down a law of Congress, ana a system
which has been twice sanctioned.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say a word in re-
ply to the Senator from New Hampshire. I am
going to vote with him against this amendment,
though I shall not trouble the Senate with the
reasons which will induce that vote. I have risen
only to state that, in my opinion, and it is one
formed with some knowledge of printing—I say
nothing in relation to the relinquishment of the
contract, or anything else—that taking into con-
sideration the time and capital, and wear and tear
of material, ten per cent. «n the cost is a most nig-
gardly profit to any man.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to say but a few-
words. 1 wish it to go out to the country that
there are a great many mail contracts, and a great
many contracts to supply everything necessary
and requisite for the army and navy; and then (
want it to go out to the country also that contracts
for printing under open bids are to be especially
favored, while all those other contracts to which I
have referred are to be held strictly to their agree-
ment.
Cries of Question! question !
Mr. FOOTE. Gentlemen may listen or not-as
they choose, but I intend to make this remark, and
to make it distinctly. It is, that if there is any pian
here or elsewhere who intends to insinuate that
any part of Mr. Ritchie's conduct in this matter
has not been entirely fair and honest, I pronounce
him a most unprincipled detractor.
Mr. HALE. I do not know what is meant by
that, nor do I care. I have stated the facts a3 they
came to my knowledge, and leave everybody to
put their own construction upon them. I state
that I am authorized by a member of the House
and the Investigating Committee to say, that the
original parties to this contract stated repeatedly,
that they took it knowing that they could not ex-
ecute the work, but with a determination to break
down the contract system, and induce the two
Houses to elect Mr. Ritchie for their printer.
Mr. RUSK. Who are the witnesses?
Mr. HALE. I have stated ovet and over again
that I do not know.
Mr. RUSK. Then how do you know the fact*?
