1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
any difficulty under the provisions of this bill,
either in that State or in Tennessee, on account of
the want of public lands along the route. It is im-
possible, m the administration of the great inter-
ests of this country, to distribute the advantages of
the administration equally amongst all the States.
Take the collection of the revenue for example.
In the city of New York alone, there are eight
or nine hundred functionaries connected with that
branch of the public service, from all whom that
city derives an advantage in the expenditure of
their salaries and their residence as citizens there,
and from other incidental causes. If we were to
insist upon the principle of a precisely equal dis-
tribution of the benefits arising from such sources,
we should be obliged to have a corps of eight or
nine hundred officers, stationed in every city
throughout the country, with fixed salaries and
with no duties to perform; and so of the other
great interests of the country. But the custom-
house at New York, and the corps of officers
maintained at New York, are not intended for the
benefit of New York. They are for the benefit of
the whole country; and just so this road, proposed
to be built in Illinois, is not for the sake of Illinois,
although she will derive, doubtless, the largest and
most immediate advantage from it. It is for the
sak§, in the first place, of the public lands, and for
the sake of the commerce, and travel, and inter-
course, between the people of this great republic,
which, the more the facilities of intercommunica-
tion are augmented, becomes the more harmonious
and homogeneous m all its parts.
Then, sir, I am in favor of these measures. I
have not had it m my power to look into the bill
with that care that I ought to have bestowed. I
confess I have some hesitation, unless it is put un-
der proper restriction, about going so far from the
road on*either side of it—a distance of six miles.
To go away off where the making of the road will
create no additional value to the land, is doubtful,
especially unless it is phiced under proper re-
strictions. Rut so many of these restrictions are
provided that I cannot entertain a doubt as to the
exercise of this power—a powej* of this Govern-
ment by whatsover name it may be called, of
which 1 can have no doubt as to its right, or of
the propriety of applying a portion of the public
land in order to increase the value of the rest.
These are my views and opinion?. I do not in-
tend to discuss these subjects now, for I have often
discussed them heretofore; but I have thought it
right to express these opinions thus briefly.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no trouble myself, Mr.
President, about the constitutional power of the
Government of the United States to make works
of national improvement—to construct roads of
any kind which shall serve for great national ob-
jects. I can conceive of no public improvements
more obviously adapted to promote the welfare
and prosperity of the country, which are more in-
dispensable to the security of the United States,
than a railroad from Lake Michigan to the junc-
tion of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. Thatbeing
so, I think that the Government of the United
Slates has a discretion as to the manner in which
it will accomplish, or aid in accomplishing, such
an object, and as to the funds which shall be de-
voted to that purpose. Then the question before
us, so far as the principle is concerned, resolves
itself into this: whether, this beins: a work of such
a national character, productive of national bene-
fits, it is one which is entitled to special considera-
tion on the part of Government now. I think it
is entitled to very special consideration, which will
appear from examining the particular condition of
the new States, as contrasted with the old ones.
The old States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, New
York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, the Corolmas, and
Georgia, were all the owners of the public do-
main with their limits. When it was desirable
for them to construct public works, they were al-
ways able to appropriate public lands or funds
arising from the sold lands, or at least the taxes de-
rived from the lands within their limits. The con-
sequence has been that all the old States, having
themselves very considerable resources, have con-
structed, directly or indirectly, verv important
public thoroughfares, useful and beneficial to com-
merce, and particularly to travel, and to the wealth,
prosperity, and advancement of the whole coun-
try. But they have never been mad6 by mere in-
dividual, unassisted enterprise, unless they have
been attended by very great delay and embarrass-
ment. A great and extensive country like this
has need of roads and canals earlier than there is
an accumulation of private capital within the State
to construct them, and so.an examination of the
history of the old States" would show that the
Government of the States has lent orgivenits aid,
directly or indirectly,"to assist individuals or cor-
porations in the construction of these great public
works which are now so productive, either to the
State or to the individuals by whom, in associated
companies, they are owned^
There are many curious Tacts connected with
the history of the internal-improvement system in
the older Slates. "Whoever will look into the
statute-book of the colony of New York, will be
struck with the beginning of the great system of
canals and roads, which are now partially con-
structed, and when completed will connect the port
of New York with the Pacific ocean. He will
find, that in the lime of Queen Anne the assembly
of the colony of New York appropriated $800 to
John Smith, or some other person, for the purpose
of enabling him to construct a public road, leading
from New York to the West; and the appropria-
tion was coupled with the condition, that within
two years from the time of the passage of the act,
the beneficiaries should have constructed a road
wide enough for two carriages to pass from Nyack,
on the Hudson jiver, to Sterling Iron Works, a
distance of about twenty miles; and should have
cut away the limbs of the trees, so high up as to
allow a carriage, with a calash top, to pass. That
was the commencement of the internal-improve-
ment system in the State of New York; which,
after the lapse of more than one hundred and
twenty years, has proceeded no further yet than
lo complete the Erie canal, and to open two rail-
roads—one of which is completed, and th.e other
nearly so—from New York to the mouth of Lake
Erie. I regard this work, which is now under
consideration here, as an extension of that sys-
tem, and the whole as constituting a great national
enterprise—a great national thoroughfare. With
me, then, the question is, whether it is wise and
expedient to devote the public lands for the ac-
complishment of this purpose; and if so, whether
it is necessary for the public interest that this road
should be made earlier than it would otherwise be
by private capital. Nosv, if it he true, as I have
said, that all the old States owning lands within
their borders, and having unlimited power to tax,
havfr still found it difficult and embarrassing to
prosecute these improvements, then it seems to me
the case of netv States is essentially harder, and
more difficult, and more entitled to the considera-
tion of the Government; for it happens that these
new States are founded upon territory belonging
to the United States; the United States own the
lands, and the government of the States cannot ap-
propriate them. The Government of the United
States owns the lands, and ihey cannot be taxed
except so far as they are sold; and these new mem-
bers of the Confederacy are tributaries to the Fed-
eral Government, deprived of the resources which
the older States have enjoyed for the purpose of
completing their public works. I ihink, therefore,
that the Government owes it to itself, and to the
States, to make liberal, and at the same time ju-
dicious appropriations, to extend its net-work of
railroads and canals Over these new regions, where
the people and the government are unable to con-
struct the work themselves. And, if there were
any apparent fallacy in this argument, I think 1
should nevertheless be convinced of its soundness,
by the fact, that all the new States which have
undertaken to construct these necessary thorough- ji
fores—necessary not only for themselves, but for
the whole country—necessary for the welfare and j
prosperity, and even the existence of the Union— j
have all found themselves embarrassed and crip- j
pted, and many of them rendered bankrupt, by j
the attempt to accomplish objects which they were |
unable to accomplish, and which the Federal Gov- j
ernment had ample power to carry into effect. It !
is thus that the character of the States has been
affected. It is thus that the morality of the gov-
ernments of the States has been impeached; and
it has been done in the manner I have indicated,
from the circumstance that it was devolved upon
the governments of the States to make works of
internal improvement, while the resources which
were applicable to that object belonged altogether
to the Federal Government.
Now, I do not know, but I trust that the day is
far distant when we shall have occasion for any
road for the purpose of military defence*, but we can
all see that the time may come, and we know not
how soon it may be,-when this and all our public
roads may be required for military purposes.
And if it be" right in time of peace to prepare for
war, then it is right to make these appropriations,
which are, after all, most, effective securities for
peace by preventing war, and are most indispens-
able works of defence in case of actual waF.
I hear it said that the Government of the United
States is a trustee. I do not find that the United
States are even called by that title, or described as
a trustee in regard to this property. It is indeed
true, that in one sense, a general sense, the Gov-
ernment is a trustee over these public lands; but
in no other sense than that they are trustees of the
exercise of their responsibilities of governing. It
seems to be supposed that they are fiduciary trus-
tees, that they have pecuniary trusts, and that their
trusts consist in holding these lands until they
can sell them at a certain price, and then selling at
this price, and then by some process to make, as
nearly as possible, an equal distribution of the
avails among all the people of the United States,
thus securing an equal individual benefit in the
land to each individual citizen. Now, sir, I find no
such limitation of the general powers of govern-
ment, of the broad powers of the Government over
this domain. It is a power to hold.it, a power to
use it, a power to dispose of it, and to dispose of
it without any limitations prescribed upon our dis-
cretion. And then it is, like every other power of
the Government, to be exercised with judgment,
wisdom, and a due regard to the best interests of
the country. What, then, is the best and highest
interests of the people of the United States m re-
gard to this domain? It is not to derive from it
the highest amount of current revenue; it is not to
accumulate in our coffers the highest and greatest
amount of avails in the sales of the public lands
which is attainable. But it is to bring them into
cultivation and settlement in the shortest space of
time and under the most favorable auspices. And
why is this the best interest of the Government?
It is because the power of the Government is in-
creased just in proportion as population is extended
over what now constitutes the public domain, and
that the wealth of the Government increases m the
same ratio as the increase of population, and that
the taxable abihly of the people for purposes of
peace and war is increased by the extension of the
population and by the increase of wealth. I can
conceive it possible that it is more profitable, more
conducive to the interests of the people of the
United States, even in a fiscal or purely financial
point of view, to make large appropriations from
this domain for the purpose of enhancing their
more speedy settlement, than it would be to retain
them in a miserly grasp for the meie purpose of
revenue. It is therefore upon the ground that the
most expedient and beneficial disposition of this
portion of the public lands is to devote it to the
construction of public roads beneficial to all the
people of the United States, as well as to the States
which are immediately traversed by it, that I am
in favor of the principle of this bill, and of all sim-
ilar bills which are properly guarded m their pro-
visions, and shall give them my most cordial and
effective support. I hope that the bill will be
passed.
Mr. CASS. I hold in my hand, Mr. President,
an act almost like the one we have now before us,
passed in the year 1791, authorizing the location
of two sections in Ohio, upon the condition that
a road should be opened and communication es-
tablished, as this road and ferries were necessary
! to emigration. This act was passed during
! Washington's administration.
i The question being then stated upon the amend-
j ment offered by the Senator from Alabama,
j Mr. CHASE called for tfie reading of the
' amendment; and'it was read accordingly.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was adopted.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the sixth sec-
tion of the amendment just adopted, by striking
out all after the words C4 that ihe United States
mail shall at all times be transported," and insert
44 at such prices as Congress may by law direct.
I wish to make one word of explanation. It
appears to me to be necessary to make some ar-
rangement as to this matter, considering the diffi-
culties we are laboring under at the present mo-
