1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
fen to be an humble member of one branch of her
representatives here, representing an intelligent, an
enterprising, and, I believe, a virtuous people. 1
consequently do not feel it my duty to neglect this
principle which is cherished by that people.
Though I may not intermeddle with local matters,
yet I think that in a national matter of this kind,
I may have a word to say. When we are called
upon to make a grant, it is a national road; but as
soon as we propose to view it in a national light,
and to prescribe the terms upon which it may be
made, then it becomes so local that Senators must
not interfere with it. I certainly say it with no in-
vidious view, but the language of the Senator im-
plied a censure upon me for meddling 'with the
matter. Now, sir, I am for giving the land out-
and-out to Illinois, to help to make the road. I
believe it to be one of the greatest works in the
■country. Perhaps the Senator fiom Illinois may
know that the legislature of my State have ex-
pressed their admiration of the enterprise; and I
look upon it as one of the greatest enterprises in
which this country could engage. I can think of
none greater. Anything that improves the con-
nection between the North and the South is a great
enterprise. To cross parallels of latitude, to ena-
ble the man of commerce to make up his assorted
cargo, is infinitely more important than anything
you can propose within the same parallels of lati-
tude. I look upon it as a great chain to unite the
North and South. It is an enterprise of national
interest. Nothing, I believe, will more advance
its prosperity. I am willing to give this land,
out-and-out, to this great enterprise, not for the
benefit of Illinois merely, but of Wisconsin, of
Maine, of New Hampshire, and of every State
ypon the great line from Maine to Louisiana. I
am willing to show the builders of this road a
magnanimous and a timely generosity, without
levying a tax upon the consumers of the foreign
commerce, upon those who are to pay the revenue
upon which the Government is to be supported.
You ought not to tax them to make this great thor-
oughfare. The lands of the West should be opened
to the agricultural population who are willing
to settle upon them. This will increase immensely
the public, produce of the West. The true way, I
contend, is to dispose of them to this agricultural
population of the country, and thus to increase
the interests of the country, in this broad view
of national policy and national interest, I believe
my motion to be correct, and I should be gratified
if the Senate would concur with me in this view.
Mr. KING. A great deal that has fallen/rom
the honorable Senator has met my entire concur-
rence. I cannot understand, however, precisely,
the view taken by the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Walker,] that the people of the United
States have a right to the public domain, at any
specific price. We, in our wisdom or folly—
whichever it may be—have, upon several occa-
sions, changed the system of the public lands.
We sold upon the credit system—of paying one-
fourth of the price—at two dollars, but finding that
it was ruining the new States, it was changed. It
was sold for what the land was worth; but the
several States ran into debt, by purchasing land at
forty, fifty, and eighty dollars an acre; it accumu-
lated until the system was changed, and they were
released from a debt which they could not by any
possibility have paid. Congress, in its liberality,
made a provision changing it into the cash system,
and reducing the land to a dollar and a quarter an
acre, which is now the price, and by this means
relieved the new States by a transfer of the land,
and got rid of the debt. The Government of the
United States received more money, seiiing their
lands at one dollar and a-quarter an acre than they
had before under the ruinous credit system.
I am in favor of having the country cultivated
and settled by an agricultural population. I am
for giving channels of communication between the
North and South. It will lead to general prosper-
ity, not only in a commercial point of view, but it
will relieve us from any prejudice and unkind
feeling growing up among us; for, intermingling
one section with the other, every uncivil feeling
wilt be supplanted. I hope the honorable Senator
will not persist in his amendment; for these lands—
now of little or no value—are increased in value
by the work which we execute, by giving a por-
tion of the public land for the making of the road.
Is there not some propriety in causing it to be sold
at the minimum price of #2 50, when, if it was
offered at Government sale, it would bring six,
eight, or ten dollars? You give it an intrinsic
value, which it had not before, by throwing open
the channel of communication, by an appropria-
tion of these lands whose produce cannot be easily
taken to market. It would therefore be rather a
favor than anything*else to the actual settler upon
the lands, to authorize him to take at $2 50. If it
is offered at auction, that will be the minimum*, if
it is not offered at auction, but suffered to be sold
by the Government, we giye preemption rights to
the settlers upon the land, to the exclusion of all
others. The same regulations might apply to
these; and they who might wish to take this land
might be authorized to enter upon it, and have a
preemption right. I hope my friend will not insist
upon an amendment which would embarrass the
bill probably.
It is not a simple donation; it is not giving
away the whole of the public land, but retains the
alternate sections, which will be of the same value
with the whole as it now is. The Senator wishes
the road to be made. So do I conceive it
would be of great advantage to the country and
certainly to the States through which it passes;
and if embarrassed at all by making these amend-
ments, as I fear it will be, I hope he will give up
his objections, and that the vote will be taken.
Mr. SHIELDS. I should like, injustice to my
friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] to be per-
mitted to say that I did not intend to cast the
slightest censure upon him; but I will say this,
ihat whatever his intention may be, the effect of
his amendment will be, if he offers this amend-
ment to his own bill, to kill it as dead as a herring.
Mr. WALKER. It is by no means my desire
to destroy the bill of the Senator from Illinois;
but this much I do say, that when the bill for
Wisconsin comes up, I will make every effort be-
fore it shall pass with a provision in it to increase
the price of the public lands in that State. I have
not the slightest idea that this amendment will be
adopted; but I shall vote for the bill, whether it is
adopted or not.
The question being then taken upon the amend-
ment submitted by Mr. Walker, it was rejected.
Mr. BRADBURY moved to strike out of the
second section all after the word " branches," in
the sixth line, and before the word " provided,"
in the twenty-sixth line, and to insert after the
word " land," in the fourth line, u not already
sold." So that the section, when amended, would
grant the alternate section of lands within the six
miles, not already sold. In support of the amend-
ment, Mr. B. said this will present the question,
and I hope that it will be adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the question ? How
will the section read as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the section as amended.
The section was accordingly read.
Mr. DAWSON. Do I understand the amend-
ment to mean that they shall not go beyond the
six miles to procure their land, and that, if it can-
not be procured within that range, it shall not
be granted elsewhere ?
. Mr. BRADBURY. That is the intent of the
amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I hope that
that amendment will not prevail. I believe that if
it passes, it will be equivalent to the destruction
of the objects of the bill. What would remain
would not, m my judgment, be enough to insure
the construction of the road. If the amendment
should pass, I do not know whether I should vote
for the bill myself. I should hardly regard it as
worth contending for. I hope, therefore, that it
will not prevail.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am very glad that the Sena-
tor from Maine [Mr. Bradbury] has made this
motion. I am glad that it has come from a State
which has not so immediate an interest as the
State which I represent has in the public land
system. I fear the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] would have considered it somewhat out
of place for me to have made the motion, and yet
it ought, in my judgment, to be made. I think itis
right in itself. This company, in my opinion,
should have no right to go more than six miles
from the route of their road to search for lands.
If, in the location of this road, there be land un-
sold within six miles of the route, I, for one, will
not object to giving them the alternate section of
the public domain; but to go beyond that would, I
think, be a dangerous experiment. Again, I
would observe that I think it is wrong to add to or
double the price of the land which remains. It
amounts simply to taking two prices out of the
pockets of the man who purchases. I think the
principle wrong, and I am in favor of this amend-
ment, giving each alternate section of land within
six miles, and not, sir, of allowing the company to
travel indiscriminately throughout the State, to
take the best land wherever they could find it.
That they would do so is a necessary inference.
We are giving to this company the pick of the
public domain, when other companies are con-
structing their roads out of their own pockets, and
without any such assistance. I conceive that there
is no justice in any such claim. Upon the same
principle that this land is given to Illinois, other
States similarly situated will come in for similar
grants; and if the lands in Illinois remaining un-
sold are of small value, those of Iowa, Wisconsin,
&c., are extremely valuable.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to state to my
friend 
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator give way to
a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Oh, no; 1 hope that we may
get through with this bill in a few minutes more.
In the first place, I am sorry to hear the senti-
ments expressed by the honorable Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Bright.] He says that he is glad
that the motion to amend came from the State of
Maine, and not from Indiana. He thinks the
principle of this bill is wrong. Sir, the delegation
from Indiana did not think it wrong when I aided
them in obtainingan appropriation of eight hun-
dred thousand acres of land for the purpose of in-
ternal improvements in that State.
Mr. BRIGHT, I was not then in Congress.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I know that; but it was at
the unanimous request of the delegation of that
State that we reported it. I hope there is not to
be any little childish jealousy between the two
States; so that when the one has been served her-
self with what she requires, she should turn round
and use her influence to prevent the other from
being aided in the same way. I know that my
friend can have no such feeling. And now with
regard to another point: My friend from Indiana
is, I think, laboring under a njistake. He seems to
think that this grant is going to the benefit of a
company.
Mr. BRIGHT. The State has, I believe, char-
tered a company.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no such company
now. The company have released to the State all
their right, title, and interest in the charter, and
the State is now alone interested. 1 hope that this
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. SHIELDS. I trust that the vote will be
taken on this amendment, and that it will be de-
cided one way or the other, i have merely to
say to my honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Bright,] that if we get anything, if Congress is
willing to deal liberally by us, it ought to be some-
thing which will enable us to accomplish the object
in view. Now we have no right to any portion
of the public domain. We set up no claim to it.
We do not pretend to say that we have any right.
We simply wish to get what we can as a gift to
aid«us in a specific work, and, as I said, if Con-
gress consents to aid us, it ought to go far enough
to secure the accomplishment of the object.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senators from Illinois
can satisfy me that the State of Illinois would be
and remain the proprietor of this work, I wwuld
withdraw my objection.
Mr. SHIELDS. One word. I will relieve the
Senator upon that point. The State of Illinois 
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, will my col-
league allow me 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator
from Illinois, upon the left of the chair, yield the
floor?
Mr. SHIELDS. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Bright] will go with me to my residence, I
will show him a duplicate release from the com-
pany to the State of Illinois, of all their rights, of
every kind, unconditional and complete. The
road belongs entirely to the State, and not to any
company whatsoever. I made a speech last year
against the charter of that company in my State,
because I was not willing to make any application
to Congress for aid so long as the interest re-
