•1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1949
should in common justice compensate him. Del-
egates from this very country—from Utah at least
-^-senthere, Have been paid by the House, and I
think that the claims of this gentleman on the
Senate are equally as strong as those were on the
House. I am sorry that my friend from" Texas
should be annoyed in regard to this matter, or
should suppose that the possibility of a little mis-
erable per diem allowance to this man could in
ftny'way cause a controversy between Texas and
New Mexico. If I thought it possibly could, I
should vote against it.
Mr. DICKINSON. I really hope that the
Senate will recollect the necessity which exists
for the immediate disposition of this bill, and not
consume further time in the discussion of these
collateral questions. This question of New Mex-
ico and of Texas, and all the questions incidental
thereto, are well understood by every one in the
country, and certainly need no further elaboration
here. I voted against this amendment before,
and 1 shall vote against it now, and I am sure that
we sljall consult our own convenience and the
public business by disposing of it in a very brief
manner.
Mr. RUSK. So far as I am concerned I must
regret that this amendment has been pressed upon
the Senate. I am the last man here that would
withhold from any individual who came herefrom
New Mexico or elsewhere his allowance of mile-
age or per diem, if that was the only question in-
volved. The, questions connected with this matter
had been disposed of in such a manner as I thought
respectful to the State of Texas, and propositions
have been left to her consideration, to accept or
reject. The amendment now pending, I fear, will
be seized upon to raise this question anew, and
thus to increase and protract the irritation which
already exists in Texas. The language of the
amendment is a recognition of the claim of New
Mexico.
Mr. DAWSON. The amendment has been so
modified as to avoid all difficulty on that point. It
reads—
"To Richard H. Weightman, who appeared here and
claimed a seat in the Senate of the United States," &c.
That should waive all objection.
Mr. RUSK. He comes here in utter disrespect
of the claim of Texas, and I desire to do nothing
that will sanction any such cause.
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
The amendment was rejected, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Chase, Dims 01
Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton, Dodge of" Iowa, Ewing,
Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Under-
wood, Wales, Walker, and Wmthrop—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Bright, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dickinson. Downs, Felch, Footf, Houston, Hunter,
Jones, Morton, Norris, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Soul6, Stur-
geon, Whitcomb, and Yulee—20.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill was ordered to a third reading,
and was read a third time and passed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, September 24, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
[A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of A. Dickins, Esq., their Secretary,
returning the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill with amendments.]
Mr. B^.YLY asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the House to move the reference
of flie said bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and the printing of the amendments of the
Senate.
Ordered accordingly.
OREGON LAND TITLES, ETC.
Mr. THURSTON. I am very sorry to trouble
this House again. But I wish simply to remark
that the Oregon land bill, which has now passed
both Houses, has been slightly amended by the
Senate, and is now on the Speaker's table. The
amendments are of such a character as not to
cause a moment's delay on the part of the House in
concurring in them. I have to ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the bill and
amendments, pledging myself that I will not again
trouble them this session.
Mr. BOWLIN. I feel obliged to object, and
I ask for the call of the committees for reports.
Mr. THURSTON. If objection is made, I
will not move a suspension of the rules, but I give
notice that I shall ask the House, at the first op-
portunity, to take up this bill.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I move a sus-
pension of the rules, to 
The SPEAKER. The business now before the
House must be disposed of before "any ofher can
be entertained.
Mr. McLANE. Have the rules been sus-
pended ?
The SPEAKER. The rules have been sus-
pended, and under that suspension the business is
now before the House which must be disposed of.
It is the resolution introduced yesterday evening
by the gentleman from Arkansas, under a suspen-
sion of the rules:
" Resolved, That the allowance to each member of the
House, for stationery and articles charsed to them by the
postmaster, be hunted to the sum of-^45 for the long and
$25 for the shoit bession of each Congre&s."
Mr. McLANE. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend;
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth]
has moved the following as an amendment:
"And that the Clerk of the House be directed to pay out
of the contingent fund of the House to each of the same
classof employees in and about the Capitol who received
the usual compensation at the last session of the 30th Con-
gress, the same amount that was then paid to each individ-
ual of the same clas^ respectively: Provided, That those
employees whose services commenced since the present ses-
sion of Congress commenced, or terminated before this date,
shall only be paid jrro rata."
The SPEAKER. Upon this the previous ques-
tion was moved, and no quorum voted on the sec-
ond. No action has been had on this motion.
The Chair, upon examination of this amendment,
is compelled to rule it out of order as irrelevant.
The resolution of the gentleman from Arkansas
provides for the stationery of the members of the
House: this amendment is to pay compensation to
the officers of the House. The attention of the
Chair was not called particularly to the amend-
ment last evening; but upon examination of it, he
is compelled to rule it out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move the pre-
vious question on the original resolution.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
pending.
Mr. WENTWORTH appealed from the decis-
ion ruling the amendment out of order.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House ?" was taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment of Mr. Wentworth was
ruled out of order.
The question recurred, and was taken, upon the
second of the demand for the previous question,
and was decided in the affirmative.
The main question was ordered, being on agree-
ing to the resolution.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved to recon-
sider the vote, and to lay that motion on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOWLIN. I believe the regular order of
business is the call of the committees for reports?
The SPEAKER. The call of the committees
is the regular order of business, and the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. BowlinJ has been recognized
and is entitled to the floor. The Chair asks the
attention of the gentleman and of the House for
one moment. By the deficiency bill for the pay
of the mileage and per diem of members of the
House, it is provided that mileage and per diem
shall be paid to each of the applicants for seats in
this House, as (Delegates, from Utah and New
Mexico. There is some doubt whether the pay-
ment should be made out of the fund for the pay
of mileage and per diem of the members of the
House, or out of the contingent fund of the House.
It is desirable that the House should give some di-
rection to the subject. The payment of the money
is fixed by law; it is usual to pay contestants from
the fund for the contingent expenses of the House.
Mr. VINTON. As the payment is provided
for by law, I presume it will properly be paid out
of the appropriation for the pay of the mileage
and per diem of members.
The SPEAKER. The law does not specify out
of what fund the payment shall be made.
Mr. VINTON. I presume it will be paid out
of the appropriation for the per diem and mileage
of members, because its payment is provided for
by law. When the House pass a resolution for
paying the expenses of contestants, it is paid out
of the contingent fund—being paid under a simple
resolution of one House, but in this case it appears
proper to pay it out of the appropriation for the
pay of members.
The SPEAKER repeated, that there was doubt
as to the proper fund from which the payment
should be made, and that it was very desirable, for
the settlement of the Speaker's and of the Clerk's
accounts, that the House should direct the mode of
payment.
Mr. STRONG asked leave tc#ffer the following
resolution, having connection with this subject:
Resolvetl, Thar the Clerk of the House be directed to pa'y
to Almon W. Babbitt and Hugh N. Smith, each, out of the
contingent fund of the House the amount provided by law
to be paid to them.
No objection being made,
The resolution was received, and the question
being taken, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BOWLIN resumed the floor, and proposed
to make a report from the Committee on Public
Lands, which he said he believed was in order.
PERMITS TO VESSELS.
Mr. GRINNELL rose to a privileged question.
A few days since (he said)'a motion had been made
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. McCtER-
namd] to reconsider (he vote by which the bill
of the Senate entitled "An act to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to permit vessels from
the British North American Provinces to lade and
unlade at such places in any collection district of
the United States as he may designate," was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce; he wished
now to call up the motion to reconsider, that it
might be disposed of.
Mr. BOWLIN made the point of order, that the
gentleman from Massachusetts could not take
the floor from him to make the motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider ia
a privileged question, and the gentleman from
Massachusetts, or any other gentleman, can call
it up at any time.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to move to lay the
bill on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Grinnell] has the floor.
Mr. BOWLIN renewed his point of order,
that although it might be competent for a gentle-
man to take the floor from him to make the mo-
tion to reconsider, which was a privileged question,
yet the motion having been made and laid over,
it was not in order for a gentleman to take the
floor from him to make a motion to call Up a pre-
vious motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER said, it did not require a motion
to call up a motion to reconsider; it was a privi-
leged question pending before the House, and
could be called up at any time by any member of
the House.
Mr. GRINNELL called for £he reading of the
bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. ASHMUN. I suppose if the motion to
reconsider prevails, the question will then be on
the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to reconsider
prevails, the question will recur on the reference
of the bill to the Committee on Commerce, which
is the motion it is proposed to reconsider. That
motion failing, the question will recur on ordering
the bill to a third reading.
Mr. ASHMUN. I merely wish to say 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts on the left [Mr. Grinneix] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. GRINNELL. I trust no objection will be
made to the motion to reconsider. The bill merely
provides that vessels from the British North
American Provinces may be permitted by the Sec-,
retary of the Treasury to lade and unlade at such
place as that officer may designate. 1 move the
previous question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, appealed to the
gentleman from Massachusetts to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. If I under-
stand the gentleman from Massachusetts, he
wishes to reconsider this bill; what amendment
does he wish to put on it)
Mr. GRINNELL,. Not any amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON. Do you want to pass the
bill, then, without amendment?
