em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April BO,
gressfor ascertaining the actual number of Indians
in the limits of the United States, will be as in-
effectual as such trials have ever been. Why,
sir, the endeavor of the department to procure
these facts through their agents has always failed,
as such attempts through the same channel will
always fail.
' I speak from personal knowledge, when I assert
that even the returns of the number of the bands,
which receive annuities from the Government, are
utterly incorrect. The reason why an Indian
agent cannot get at the facts in such cases is, be-
cause it is the interest of the Indians to practice
deceit upon him, by representing the number in a
family as far greater than it really is, in order to
secure a larger proportionate share of their annui-
ties, which are now paid per capita, as required by
law. But, sir, when your marshal or his assist-
ant goes among these bands, ho can ascertain their
true condition and their numbers, simply because
there is no object to be gained in deceiving him.
I have no wish to go further into this subject at
present, especially as I have expressed my inten-
tion to discuss it fully at a future day, when I
pledge myself to this House and to the country
satisfactorily to maintain the position 1 have as-
sumed to-day in connection with this subject.
I have but a word more to say with regard
to another amendment I propose to offer to-this
bill, which is, to stiike out the provision which
leaves it discretionary with the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be taken any part or all the
statistics of the territories, except those of popu-
lation. Sir, I do not see the propriety of placing
the people of the territories on a different basis in
this respect from those of the States. It makes
a distinction between them which is highly invid-
ious and objectionable. The wealth and produc-
tions of a territory constitute, so far as they go, as
much an element of the national greatness as do
those of the Suites; and the people of the farmer
are just as much interested in having some stand-
ard whereby to note their progressive improvement
in these respects as are those of the (titter. I hope,
sir, that the piovisions of the bill before you,
whatever they may be, will operate equally upon
all portions ot the Republic, whether they be found
under State or territorial governments.
Mr. MILLSON said he felt no special interest in
the proposition befoie the committee; he had no
reason to believe that his constituents would greatly
desire to have, or would at all object to supply, any
portion of the very curious information wnioii was
sought for by the bill reported by the chairman of
the Committee on ihe Judiciary. And he did not .
know that he should have fsit a desire to take a '
part in the discussion, but for the fact that senile-
men on the other side of the Kcuse, and some on
his side, felt disposed to sustain the icpoit of the
Committee on the Judiciary by c.aimnig for this
Government vast, and as it seeftied to him, very
extravagant po,teis. He d;d not untieitaite to say
that, in older to sualam tne bill, it was necessary
to concede to the government the powers claimed
for it by gentlemen who supported the biii of the
committee; but he did say, that 11'the proposition
of the Committee on the Judieiaiy could not be
sustained except by conceding to tne Government .
the powers claimed on the other side ot the House, 1,
then there existed very strong, very serious ob- '
jectio'ns to taking the information contemplated by !,'
the schedules appended to the bill.
They were not now engaged in an act of mere 1
voluntary legislation; they were not engaged in the i
consideration of a measure which they"might pass J
or might not pass at their discretion. The bill re- |l
ported from the Committee on the Judiciary, at least '
the bill offered as a substitute by the gentleman from '
Ohio, [Mr. iMiller,] involved a question of obli a- :
tion, a ques'ion of duty. They could notfaiUo;
pnss the bili. The taking an enumeration of the
inhabitants of the Untied States at periodical inter- !
vals, was one of the very few duties which had 1
been imposed upon Congress by the Constitution. :
Therefore gentlemen should speak of the obliga-
tion, of the duty, rather than of the power, of the
Government tu make this enumeration. The ,
clause of the Consutution which imposed upon !
Congress this duty was that which expressly de- >
clared that theie should be, within every period of 1
ten years, an enumeration of the inhabitants of the "
United States, Nov/, it was very obvious that 1
when this duty was enjoined, all the powers necea- :
sary for discharging it, were involved in the grant. |j
He was aware that the honorable gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had declared that Con-
gress would have possessed the power to make an
enumeration without that clause of the Constitu-
tion which provided for the enumeration; that that
clause was simply supererogatory, tautological;
that the power to make an enumeration of the in-
habitants of the United States existed independ-
ently of that clause of the Constitution which
provided for the enumeration. This was not alto-
gether a novel species of argument, though it was
somewhat extraordinary. The gentleman de-
rived the power to take the census as an implica-
tion from some other power; he inferred the ex-
istence of a power, and then, by piling implication
upon implication, arrived at the conclusion, that
the power to take the census existed independently
of the clause which required an enumeration of the
inhabitants. The gentleman's argument resem-
bled the Oriental opinion of the manner in which
the world was sustained. He alluded to the well-
known fable representing the world as resting
upon the back of an elephant, which was supported
upon atortoise; butitcouldnot be told how the tor-
toise was sustained.
He had shown that the clause of the Constitu-
tion which required an enumeration of the inhabit-
ants of the United States to be taken, was rather
the injunction of a duty than the grant of a power;
but with regard to the other measure which had
been embodied in the bill of the committee, did
any gentleman pretend to maintain that the power
to ask the questions contemplated by the bill,
resulted from the duty imposed upon*Congress
to take an enumeration of the inhabitants? No.
Gentlemen on the other side all admitted that the
power they claimed was deived from other clauses
of the Constitution.
He stated these facts for the purpose of show-
ing that, according to the admission of gentlemen
on the other side, these two paits of the bill were
not necessaiily connected. In fact, they were two
bills; one for the enumeration of the inhabitants,
and one for the information on various topics
which was sought by the Committee on the
J udiciary. This duty of enumerating the inhabit-
ants' could only be discharged once in ten years.
Did the gentleman who reported this bill maintain
that the Government had the power to make an
enumeration of the inhabitants of the States more
frequently than once in ten years?
That duty must be perloimed only at mteivals
I of ten years; but the power, if it existed at all, to
: obtain an imentoiy, or appraisement 01 the prop-
1 erty of the United States, might be exercised at
I am time.
! Here, then, were two bills connected. The
passage of one did not involve the necessity for
the other, if they had the power to make the
multifarious mquines suggested by the bill of the
Committee on the Judiciary, they had the power to
do it at any time; and therefore ne would consider
this bill as if it weie a bill introduced not in 1850—
J not in connection with a bill providing for an enu-
! rneration of the in.laoitants of the United States,
but as an independent measure, for the purpose of
collecting that infoirnation winch seemed to be de-
sired for tne giatiScation of the ciuiosity of some
, poition of the scientific world. Suppose, thtn,
that this bill had been reported by the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary in theyearl84o—
not m connection Vvith its census; for he had
shown that there was no necessary connection be-
tween them. The one was a matter of duty; the
other was not: the one was derived from one
clause of the Constitution; the other was traced to
various other clauses. If this bill, then, for the
simple purpose of obtaining information, for the j
gratification of individual curiosity, were intro- ■
duced independently of any other measure, he '
asked whence the power to pt,ss it was obtained— '
the power to send out the agents of this Govern- !
ment to collect information as to the number of :
persons who died m 1B50, wiih their diseases, the
number of Mcthodists,Episcopalians, Baptists and 1
other religious denominations, the number of'
churches, and upon all the the various points on '
which information was sought? Whence did :
Congress derive the power to send their agents '
over me country to compel the citizens of the '
United States to answer these various inquiries !
respecting their domestic concerns, upon pain of:1
fine and imprisonment, if they refused ? j j
But gentlemen claimed the,power to make these |j
j various inquiries from the powers vested in Con-
1 greis to regulate commerce, to coin money, to lay
j direct taxes; and they defended the exercise of
; this assumed power at this time on the ground
j that the appointment of agents to take the census
| presented a favorable opportunity for collecting
| this other information. But the appointment of
j an agent for an authorized purpose under the
| Constitution could not justify Congress in em-
; ploying him to collect information which they
: had no authority to obtain. The judges were ap-
; pointed under the authority of the Constitution
and laws of the United States, for the purpose of
administering justice: could Congress vest in a
judge a power, and impose upon him a duty, not
autnonzed in the Constitution ? Could they re-
quire the judge to make returns of the political
opinions of the jurors, of the moral character of
the bar, and of the witnesses? Surely not.
Considering the proposition, then, to make
j these various inquiries, as an independent bill,
leaving out of view the fact that it was connected
, with a bill to take an enumeration of the inhabit-
|j ants of the United States, he proceeded to inquire
I, into the grounds upon which-gentlemen on the
!j other side of the House had based'their defence
|| of this assumed power. The first ground referred
j | to in debate was taken by the gentleman from
i| Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] who deduced from the
jl power to regulate commerce, the power which
j authorized Congress to ascertain what were all
i the subjects of commerce. The power to .regu-
1 late commerce was perhaps the most elastic power,
I in the opinion of gentlemen on the other side of
I the House, conferred by the Constitution upon
!; Congress. Nothing had ever been attempted to
: be done for which gentlemen could not find the
|: authority under the power to regulate commerce.
;! Was it proposed to levy contributions upon the
: people at large for the purpose of dispensing
■ j charity to those who happened to embark in
i, some unprofitable adventure, in other words to
1! pass a protective tariff,—the authority for it was
jl claimed fiom this clause of the Constitution.
;| Was it proposed to form into a corpoiate body a
'| number of men, women, and children, who, de-
; sirous of making a profitable use of their money,
!• begged to enter into a partnership with the Gov-
T ernment, and that the Government would invest a
! portion of the revenues of the people in the pur-
j| chase of an interest in the dealings of this partner-
l| ship, and would deposit a portion of the public
J treasury with this corporation without security,
|| and enable them to lend it out at interest to
■'their favorites and dependents,—the power was
I. found in that clause of the Constitution which au-
, thorized Congress to regulate commerce Was it
,1 proposed to tax the whole industry of the coun-
;j try, for the purpose of removing some accidental
; or natural impediment, in a river or a fur-distant
section of the country,—the power was found in the
clause of the Constitution winch eave to Congress
the power to regulate commerce. "This power over
commetce seemed to be the ultimate depository
of all the powers of the Government, unless 111-
j, deed the champions of that course .if policy took
I counselfrom the gentleman trom Pennsylvania,
■ [Mr. Moore,] who addrtsscd the committee yes-
' terday. it would hereafter save a good deal of
trouble in the discussion of constitutional ques-
tions, and relieve all doubts as to the lightful ex-
erciseof any assumed power, by refernng, as that
j gentleman did, to the power to promote the gen-
' eral welfare, as the power which authorized Con-
gress to do anything and everything they might
t be disposed to do. To the gentleman from Penr,-
, sylvama the discussion of any constitutional
1 question must appear to be of all things the most
i vain and idle; for if the Constitution granted to
j Congress the power to promote the general wel-
; fare, there was, according to the gentleman's view,
; no further douot or inquiry to be made. What-
1 ever Congiess might see fit to consider conducive
; to the general welfare, they would have the power
to do under this clause of the Constitution.
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mi\.Vixton]
thought he could see the power which, in the
second part ot this bii', it was proposed to exer-
cise, in that clause of the Constitution which au-
thorized Congress to do—what? Why, the gentle-
man argued that the power to take an enumeiation
of the inhabitants of the United States was a partof
the power to ctfin money. By what singular con-
nection, by what remarkable association of ideas
