■m-
1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
Sept.,,24,
Mr. BAYLY moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. ASHMUN said he wished to make a state-
ment, which was called for by the inquiry ad*
dressed by the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Thompson] to his colleague, [Mr. Grinnell.}
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent
Mr. THOMPSON. I hope the gentleman will
be permitted to proceed with his statement.
Cries of 44 Agreed, agreed."
No objection bflhnir made—
Mr. ASHMUNsaid: The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Thompson] asked my colleague if
he intended to propose any amendment; my col-
league answered, that he did not. Nor do I in-
tend to move arty amendment; but I think it fair
to state, that if'the motion to reconsider prevails,
I shall move to commit the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I shall
propose, then,.to amend it with the proposition
which I a few days since gave notice that I should
ask leave to introduce as a bill ii to establish the
rates of duties on foreign imports.'* I want the
House to understand the object I have in view.
The SPEAKER urgently called the House to
order, and stated that it was impossible to proceed
with business in the confusion of the Hall. The
Chair would not proceed unless order was restored.
A pause ensued.
Mr. McCLERNAND. The statement of the
gentleman from Massachusetts places me in rather
an awkward position in reference to this bill
Haviryy, the other day, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred 
The SPEAKER. This conversation can only
proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. McCLERNAND. This is a matter which
involves me personally. I wish to make a single
remark.
Mr.*CASEY objected.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I wish to know if the
gentleman from Massachusetts 
Mr. GRINNELL rose to say something, in
reply to Mr. McClernand—not a word of which
was heard by the Reporter.
Mr. ASHMUN also rose—but
Objections were made; and
The SPEAKER stated, that it being objected
to, *11 conversation was out of order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
And the question, 44 Shall the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon table?" was taken, and re-
sulted—yeas 86, nays 93; as follow;
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bay, Bayly, Beale,
Bowdon, Bowlin, A. G. Brown, Btiei, Burt. Joseph Cable,
George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter, Clinginan,
W. R. W. Cobb, Cotcock. Daniel. Deberry, Dimmick, Dis-
ney, Dunham, Durkee, EdmumNon, Featherston, Fitch,
Full«r, Gerry, Gorman, Green, Hail, Hamilton, Harlan, I.
G. Hirris, Sampson G. Harris, T. L. Harris, Hihbard, Hoag-
land, HoHaday, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Joseph W.
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston King, La
c, LefHer, Littlefield, JohMann, Ma«on, MrClernand,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen,
M.-ade, Miller, Mortis, Orr, Outlaw, Parker, Pe:slee,
Phelps, Potter, Powell, Richaidson, Robinson, Ross, Sav-
age, Sawielle, Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Ft H. Man-
ton, Stetson. Jacob Thompson, Venable, Walden, Wallace,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wood, and Young—85.
NAYS—Messrs, Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Ashman,
Bokee, Booth, Breck, Brig;?, Brooks, Burrow*, C. Butler,
Thomas B. Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Casev, Chandler,
Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Corwin, Cruwell, Dickey, Dixon,
Doty, Duncan, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Fowler. Frendley,
Gentry, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Halloway, Ham-
mond, Hampton, flay, Hebard. Henry, Milliard, Howe, Hun-
ter, J. L. Johnson, fteri, George G. King, James? G. King,
John A. King, Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall, Maueson,
McKissoek. Meacham, Moore, Morehead, Morton, Nelson,
O^le, Otis, Peck, Phcenix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds,
Risley, Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Rumsey, Sackett, Scher-
meihorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stan-
ly, Thaddeus Stevens, Strong, Taylor, James Thompson,
John B. Thompson, Thuunan, Tuck, Underhill, Van D.v ke,
Vinton, Waldo, YVatkins, White, William*, and Wright
-93.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, (when his name
was called,) rose and said that this vote, as an-
nounced to the House, had direct relation to the
tariff. Now, at the request of his friend, Dr.
Newell, who is now absent on account of the ill-
ness of his family, he had paired off with him on
that particular subject. • He should, therefore, re-
fuse to vote.
Mr. BAICER, when his name was called, rose
and said that he had paired off with Mr. Averett,
on all questions affecting the North and South-*-
Whig or Democrat—and that as this question re-
lated to the tariff, he (Mr. B.) forbore to vote.
Mr. ANDERSON, when his name was called,
rose and stated that he had paired off with his col-
league, [Mr. Ewixg.]
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, who had paired off,
inadvertently voted, but was allowed by the unan-
imous consent of the House to withdraw his
vote.
The question then recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill had been re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
The affirmative vote was stated to be 77.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
White and Beale were appointed.
The question was then again taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 90, noes 78.
So there was a second.
And the main question (on the motion to recon-
sider) was ordered to be now taken.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
The question, "Shall the vote be reconsidered
by which the bill was referred to the Committee on
Commerce?" was taken and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 95, nays 86; as follow:
YE4S—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, Andrews, Ashmun,
Bokee, Booth, Bowie^ Breck, Briggs, Biooks, Burrows,
Chester B.itler, T. B. Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Casey,
Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cole, Corwin, Crowell, Dickey,
Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Elrot, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans, Pooler, Freedley, Gentry, Goodenow, Gnu, Gould,
Grinnell, Hallow.iv, Hammond, Hampton, Hay, Raymond,
Hebard, Henrv, Ililhard, Houston, Howe, Hunter, James
L. Johnson, Kerr, George G. King, James G. King, John A.
King, Levin, Horace Mann, Marshall, Maile^on, McKis-
5>o('k, Meacham, Moote, Morehead, Morton, Nelson, Ogle,
Otis, Phcerux, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Rwey,
Robbins, Rockwell, Root, Ruinsey, Saeketl, Sehennerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Si venter, Spauldmg, Spra«ue, Stanly, Thad-
deus Steven®, Sttong, Taylor, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Thurimn, Tuck, Underhill, Van Dyke, Vinton,
Waldo, Wdtknis, White,and Williams—95.
NAYS—Mes<r<. Alhert<on, A he, Bay, Bayly, Beale,
Bmgham, Bovvlin, Albert G. Biown, Buel, Burt, Joseph
Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cartter,
Chngman, W. R. W. Cobb, Coleock, Daniel, Deberry, Dim-
mick, Disney, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Featherston,
Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, Har-
lan, Nham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Har-
ris, Hibbard, Holladay, Holmes, Howard, Hubbard, luge,
Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Joiip«, Julian,
Preston Kmir, La Sere, Letiler, Litilefield, Job Mann,
Mason, MeClornand, McDowell, McLan«ihan, Robert
M. McLane. McMullen, Meade, Miller, Million, Morris,
On, Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Potter, Powell, Rich-
ardson, Robinson, Ross, Savaae, Sawtelle, Seddon, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stetson, Jacob
Thompson, Venable, Walden, Wallace, Wellborn, Whit-
tlesey, VVildiiek, Wood, and Young—86.
So the vote was reconsidered by which the bill
was referred.
Thcquestion recurring, "Shall the bill be referred
to the Committee on Commerce ?"—
Mr. GRINNELL obtained the floor, and yielded
to
Mr. ASHMUN, who said: I suppose it will
now be in order to move that this bill 
Mr. McLANE rose to a question of order, and
submitted that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Grinnell] could not yieid the floor to make
a motion. He (Mr. McL.) claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts on the left, [Mr. Gkinnell] has been rec-
ognized, and the gentleman now recognized [Mr.
Ashmun] and to whom the floor has been yielded
by his colleague, can only make a motion in the
event of his colleague having yielded the floor en-
tirely.
Mr. GRINNELL said a word which was not
heard.
Mr. McCLERNAND addressed the Speaker
and claimed the floor.
Mr. McLANE renewed his clSim to the floor.
Mr. STANLY. I ask by what right the gen-
tleman from Maryland claims the floor?
Mr. McLANE. By parliamentary right. 1
submit that 1 have the parliamentary right to the
floor. The gentleman from Massachusetts first
recognized yielded the floor to his colleague to
make a motion. I submit that that is the true state
of facts, which cannot be denied, and will not be
denied by the gentleman from Massachusetts—
that he did yield the floor to allow his colleague to
make a motion. He had no such right, i claim
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts first recognized was entitled to the floor;
his colleague asKed htm to yield the floor; his
colleague was recognized. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts on the left had yielded entirely, hjs
colleague would have been entitled, to the floor.
The gentleman having yielded it only temporarily,
his colleague claimed the floor and was recog-
nized.
Mr. CrRINNELL retained the floor.
A pause ensued, during which
The SPEAKER endeavored to call the House
to order.
Mr. GRINNELL moved that it be committed
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union, with instructions to consider
the same immediately after the bill making appro-
priations for the "support of the army" shall
have been disposed of, and report the same to the
Hous^with the following amendments:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That
from and af.er thirty days troin the passage of this act, the
dunes required by law to be. paid on goods, wares, and mer-
chandise imported into the United Slates, shall be assessed
on the value Thereof at the principal ports of the United
States at the lime of entry: Provided, That in nu case
shall duties be assessed on avaluation less than that now
required by law: Provided^ jurther, That when the valua-
tion of any description of iron, or of machinery made wholly
or in part of iron, shall respectively exhibit a reduction of
thirty-three and one third per centum below whata similar
mone of valuation would exhibit when the present revenue
law came into operation, then the latter valuation shall be
adopted, and the duties assessed thereon ; and that on win
dow glass and linseed oil there shall be p-iid a duty of thirty
per centum ad valorem ; on all manufactures of cotton, five
per centum ad valorem in addition to ihe rat^s o. duty now
levied by law, excepting cotton cloths under number eighteen,
which shall be ? duntted at five per centum ad valorem less
than the present rate ; and on all other manufactured arti-
cles an additional duty of ten per centum ad valorem ovtr
and above the late of duty levied by law on any raw mate-
rial of which such articles may be wholly or in part com-
posed • Provided, a/so, That mad ler and bleaching powders
shall be admitted at present rates of duties; and on no ar-
ticle shall a less rate of duty be assessed than i« now im-
posed, excepting cotton cloth, which shall be admitted as
aforesaid, and raw silk, or silk not more advanced in manu-
facture than singles, tram and thrown, or organzm*-, on
which the duly shall be ten per centum ad valorem: Pro-
vided, moreover, That the excess of duty imposed by thisact,
over existing laws, on iron rails now purchased or con-
tracted for, shall be returned to the importer on evidence be-
ing produced that the same have been actually and perma-
nently laid down on any railroad for which said rails were
declared to be intended at the time of entry, it so laid down
within one year from and after the passage of this act:
nothing in this act contained shall applv to goods shipped in
a vessel bound to any port of the United States, which
shall actually have left her la-t portot lading east of the
Cape of Good Ilope, or beyond Capo Horn, or southward of
th^ equinoctial line in the Atlantic, prior to the day in which
thisact shall take effect; but such good*, so shipped on
board such vessel, shall be admitted to entry under existing
laws."
Mr. McCLERNAND, and Mr. THOMPSON
of Mississippi, rose simultaneously to questions of
order.
Mr. McCLERNAND (who was recognized)
submitted the point of order, that the instructions
moved by the gentleman fiom Massachusetts were
irrelevant to the subject-matter of the bill under
consideration. The biil which it was proposed to
| refer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
l of the Union, related to the terms on which vessels
| from the British North Ameiican Provinces should
5 be admitted into certain ports of the United Slates,
i It was essentially a bill relating to our navigation
: laws. The instructions moved by the gentleman
I from Massachusetts related to our revenue system,
' and proposed an essential modification of that sys-
tem. On that ground he held that the amendment
was not germane to the subject-matter of the ori-
ginal bill; and that it was out of order under the
fifty-fifth rule, which was as follows:
"No motion or proposition on a subject different from
that under consideration shall be admitted un#er color of
amendment. No bill or rt solution shall, at any time, be
amended by annexing thereto, or incorporating therewith,
any other bill or resolution pending betore the House."
He also based his point of order upon another
rule—the one hundred and thirty-first:
"No motion or proposition for a tax or charge upon the
people shall he dis-cu^.-ed the d.ty on winch it i> made oi of-
fered ; and every such proposition -shah receive its liist dis-
cussion in a Committee of the Whole House."
His point under these rules was this : By these
instructions they passed upon the whole question.
They decided, by the authority and sanction of
the Souse, that a bill of ceitatn provisions should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. It was a decision, byinstiuc-
tiom3, of the whole questions of revenue involved
in this proposition.
Mr. THURMAN inquired, if debate was in
order?
The SPEAKER again called the House to or
