1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S&7
did the gentleman derive this power from this
clause?
Mr. VINTON (Mr. M. yielding for explana-
tion) said, the gentleman quite misunderstood him.
He (Mr. V.) had said, that Congress had the
power to coin money, and to regulate its value;
that the due exercise of that power necessarily re-
quired a thorough knowledge of £he currency of
the country, which, as a matter of course, would
be regulated by the commerce and the property of
the country; and in order to know what amount
of currency was necessary, it was necessary first
to know the property of the country and the bus-
iness wants of the country.
Mr. MILLSON (resuming) said he %ad so un-
derstood the gentleman from Ohio. The gentle-
man was not correcting any error into which he
(Mr. M.) had fallen, but was only expanding his
own argument.
He was right, then, in saying that the gentle-
man from Ohio did claim the power whose exist-
ence was denied on his (Mr. M.'s) side of the
House, and on the otherside by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens]—the power to collect
information upon these various topics—as an in-
cident of the power to coin money; and he (Mr.
M.) was commenting on this (as he deemed it)
extraordinary proposition.
But the gentleman from Ohio also thought that
the power might be embraced within what he was
pleased to call the currency power. Now, when
he (Mr. M.) heard the gentleman from Ohio talk
about the currency power, he had paid him the
compliment to suppose that he had imperfectly
heard him, and he was only assured of the fact
when, on the following morning, he saw in the
"Globe" his reported remarks. What did the
gentleman mean by the " currency power ?" He
asked the question in good faith, with a view of
commenting upon the gentleman's position; the
gentleman, however, had left the Hall since he
had asked the question. What, then, did the
gentleman mean by the currency power? He
(Mr. M.)had read theConstitution time after time;
he thought he had a very distinct recollection of
most of the provisions of that instrument, and yet
he confessed that up to the present moment he
had never been able to find in the Constitution
that power that was called by the gentleman from
Ohio the currency power. It was not the power
to coin money and regulate the value thereof,
bceause the gentleman alluded to the currency
power, and the power to coin money and regulate
the value thereof. ^ Now, he (Mr. M.) was aware
that there was a very general impression abroad
that the Constitution did confer upon Congress
the power to regulate the currency of the country.
He wished the gentleman had taken the opportu-
nity, by correcting the error into which he himself
had fallen, to do his share towards correcting this
erroneous impression. The gentleman seemed,
from his forgetfulness of the text, to indicate that
he had confounded the text with some of the
newspaper comments, and in this way deduced
from the Constitution this currency power. He
(Mr. M.) must therefore be excused from further
arguing that the power to collect these statistics
did not result from the currency power, until it
was shown that the Constitution conferred upon
Congress any such power at all as the curreney
power.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Clarice] had yesterday declared that the power j;
claimed under the second part of this bill was pos- }|
sessed by Congress under its authority to promote j:
the sciences. Now, if Congress had ever received !'
power to promote the sciences, he (Mr. M.) must
confess that in his readings of the Constitution he
had not found that power. Any proposition, how-
ever extravagant, might be maintained by adopt-
ing the mode of argument made use of by the gen-
tleman from New York. He would take up the
Constitution at random by way of illustration.
The Constitution conferred upon Congress the
power "to promote the progress of science and
useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors
and inventors the exclusive right to their respect-
ive writings and discoveries/' This was not an
absolute, substantive, unqualified power to promote !
science, but a power to promote science " by se-
curing for limited times to authors and inventors the
exdusivc right to their respective writings and dis•
coveriesHe proceeded to say, tlrat, pursuing
the mode of argument adopted by the gentleman
ftom New York, they might contend that Con-
gress possessed unlimited powers of legislation,
that they possessed the imputed omnipotence of
the British Parliament, and might bring in proof
of it the clause of the Constitution which author-
ized Congress " to exercise exclusive legislation
in all cases whatsoever," omi-uing, as the gentle-
man from New York had omitted, to read the lat-
ter part of the clause, which confined this power
within the District of Columbia.
But with reference to this claim of incidents to
express powers, he would not repeatthe argument
so ably urged by his friend from South Carolina
[Mr. Woodward] yesterday—that, in truth, there
was no such thing as an incidental power. The
Constitution did not confer upon Congress all ne-
cessary and proper powers to carry into effect the
expressly delegated powers; it authorized them
"to make all laws which shall be necessary and
proper" to carry into effect the granted powers.
In this connection suppose he were to admit that
these were incidental powers: to what were they
incidental powers ? Were they about to exercise
some expressly delegated power to which this dis-
puted power was a necessary and proper incident ?
Gentlemen, although they claimed that this was a
necessary incidental power, instantly abandoned
that ground, and claimed this disputed power to
i be a substantive, independent power. The state-
! ment of the argument refuted itself. If it was an
| incidental power, they could not disconnect the
| incident from the principle, the shadow from the
j substance. If it was an incidental power, it fol-
! lowed, as a necessary consequence, that it could
| only be used as an appendage to the powers to
| which it was incident.
' In this connection he begged leave to make
j some remarks upon the propositions laid down by
I the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,]
i who said he had claimed to be a member of the
! strict-construction school. He would read an ex-
tract from the gentleman's speech as reported in
the Globe of the next morning:
But the question was one of constitutional power; and
if the Constitution gave to Congress the power to lay and
collect a direct tax, and if included in that power were
the necessary incidental power to make an assessment—
an inventory of property and productions upon winch
the tat was to be laid—certainly the irrant of the whole
■ included the grant of the minor pan. They miuht exercise
I a part or the whole of a power granted by the C(m>titution.
[ It the power was give* to Conyres-s to make an assessment,
' and Jay a direct tax, and the exercise ot the first part only
of the power was conducive to the public good, could they not
exercise that power, and decline Uie exercise of the other?"
But for the gentleman's remark, (continued Mr.
M.,) that he professed to belong to the strict-con-
struction school of politics, he would have con-
cluded that the gentleman was in favor of admitting
a very latitudinous mode of construing the Consti-
tution.
The proposition amounted to this: That when
means were granted to Congress to attain a par-
ticular end, and for one purpose, it was lawful to
make use of these means to attain any other end
which they were competent to accomplish. That
was the ifecessary conclusion from the argument |
of thegentleirian. " The greater included theless;" ;
and as the means had been given for a particular
purpose, it was lawful and constitutional to use
them for any other purpose which they might be
able to effect. The proposition was not true,
either in morals, in religion, or in politics; and let
him for a moment call the attention of gentlemen
to one of the consequences which must necessarily
result from the adoption of such a principle. The
Constitution Of the United States had given Con-
gress the power to collect the revenue, as a means j
of paying the debts of the Government; it had |
given Congress the power to appropriate money. |
Now, here were the means granted to Congress;
and these means would accomplish any other end. j
Suppose Congress should pass a law levying a tax ;
upon the whole people of the United States for •
the purpose of collecting the sum of $1,000,000, :
to be granted in largesses to the State of Pennsyl-
vania; and that this object was explicitly set forth
in the bill. Its sole object way to make a charitable
contribution for the State of Pennsylvania. Had
Congress any such power? The means by whiclf j
this result might beaccomplished, had been granted
to Congress because they possessed the power to
collect money, and the power to appropriate it,
but did it, therefore, follow that such a donation
would be constitutional, because it could be effect-
ed by the agency of such means?
! Again: the power was granted not to this
; House, but to the President and Senate of the
| United States, to make treaties. A treaty was
! the means of accomplishing many ends. 'CFow
| he would ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
j [Mr. Strong] whether it was competent for the
I President and the Senate, by the -agency of the
| treaty-making power, to cede away the State of
j Pennsylvania to a foreign Government, or to abol-
ish the House of Representatives? Here were
j the means granted to the treaty-making power-
means which were competent to the end. Was
the end constitutional > And could that end be
I lawfully consummated simply because means
: had been granted to accomplish another end? As
| well might he turn against his benefactor the
sword which had been given to him for his pro-
tection, as undertake to use for a purpose not con-
i templated a power which was granted for a spe-
cific and different object. The means might be
i used for the specific purposes for which they were
; given, and for none others. A sheriff might,
j under certain circumstances, break open his (Mr.
• M.'s) dwelling, for the purpose of executing a
; criminal process. But did it follow that he had,
| or might have, a right at any time to make a for-
■ cible entrance into his room, in order to gratify
1 his malice, or his curiosity, as to what might be
i passing in the interior of his chamber?
| This mode of reasoning had been resorted to by
| Mr. Madison on former occasions, when he con-
; tended that the power to protect manufactures
I might be used by Congress, because the power to
| lay imposts was given. And although the clause
of the Constitution indicated the purposes for
which the impost was to be laid, yet Mr. Madison
seemed to suppose that the grant of the means
authorized any end which the means granted
could by possibility accomplish.
Another ground upon which gentlemen placed
this power was, that Congress had power to collect
information, and because they were bound to act
intelligently upon all subjects of legislation which
might cojne before them. He would be one of
the last men to undervalue the importance of in-
formation of any kind. Every description of in-
formation or of knowledge was desirable. But the
. obligation which rested upon Congress to act and
vote intelligently, was not an obligation on the
House, or the body, in its collective, aggregate,
corporate capacity. It rested upon ihe members
' individually and distributively. It then was un-
i doubtedly a great obligation on the House—thut
i was to say, on the members of the House—to
| vote intelligently on all matters upon which they
might be called to legislate. If this were a source
of authority, there would be no power which
could be claimed, however extravagant it might
be, that might not be brought within this assumed
obligation of acting intelligently.
They had the authority, under the Constitution,
to promote the progress of science and the useful
arts by granting rights to authors and inventors
for a limited time. Did i{ therefore follow that
they had the authority to appoint lecturers to in-
struct the members upon scientific subjects? Had
they the .right to purchase woiks upon science
and the arts generally, to be bestowed upon the
individual members of that House? Would they
be justified in using such means to avoid being
" by the glare of false science betrayed r"
But really he regretted to sec these large powers
claimed by this Government. Gentlemen were
in the habit every day of saym  that this Govern-
ment was supreme. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Peck] spoke ot the Government as
being sovereign to a certain extent. This Gov-
ernment possessed no portion of sovereignty. All
the powers of the Government weie enumerated
powers, delegated by sovereignties. He owed no
allegiance to this Government as a sovereign.
The State of Virginia permitted her sons to bear
no allegiance to any power but herself; and the
same oath of fidelity which she exacted from them
before the Constitution of the United States was
adopted, she required at this day.
But suppose Congress had all this power. To
what use would it apply it? Cuibono? What did
Congress want with ail this information ? Did
they wish .the census-takets to become the com-
pilers of all the secret knowledge laid up in the
depositories of nature? Did they mean that the
information should be turned to any account?
Information was sought in relation to the religious
