1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
der, and requested gentlemen to resume their seats
and suspend conversation.
Mr. McCLERN AND made the farther point of
order, that the instructions proposed by a majority
vote to suspend the^rules, and on this ground,
also, were not in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion pending^is on
the reference of the bill authorizing- the Secretary
of the Treasury to permit vessels from the British
North American Provinces to lade and unlade in
such places in any collection district of the United
States as he may designate; the proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts is to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union with instructions. The instructions
are upon two points: first, that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union report the
bill with a certain amendment. The point of or-
der made by the gentleman from Illinois is, that
the amendment is not relevant or germane to the
bill. The Chair is clearly of opinion that the
point is well taken; that the amendment is not
germane, and cannot be entertained in the nature
of instructions to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, if it would not be in order
as an amendment to the bill itself.
Another point of order made by the gentleman
from Illinois is, that under one of the rules of the
House, to which reference is made, all proposi-
tions to impose a tax must first be discussed and
considered in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. The Chair has decided that upon
any question which by the rules is required to be
first discussed in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, it is not in order to move
instructions in the House directing the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union to take
any specified action.
A'nother point of order, and one which is con-
clusive upon this question, arising under the ]36th
rule, which declares;
" No standing rule or order of the Hou^e shall he rescinded
or changed without one day's notice being given of the mo-
tion therefor; nor shall any rule be suspended, except by
a vote of at Iea^t two thirds of the members present; nor
shall the order of business, as established by the rules, be
postponed or changed, exccpt by a vote of at lea<t two
thirds of the members present. The House may at any
tune, by a vote of a majority of the members present, sus-
pend the rules and orders for the purpose of going into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and al?o lor
providing for the discharge ot the Committee of [he Whole
House, and the Committee of the Whole on the stale of the
Union, from the furthei consideration of any hill referred to
it, after acting without debate on all amendments pending,
and that may be offered."
The Chair (continued the Speaker) would call
the attention of the House especially to that clause
of the rule which declares, " nor shall the order of
business, as established by the rules, be postponed
or changed, except by a vote of at least two thirds
of the members present.*1 The rules of the House
expressly provide the mode and manner in which
business in Committee of the Whole shall be dis-
posed of in regular order. The first branch of the
instructions proposes to set aside the order of busi-
ness in Committee of the Whole, as provided by
the rules, and to give preference to this bill over
the business now pending: in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. On this ground,
the Chair rules the instructions out of order.
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the Chair allow me to
suggest, in relation to the last point, that the Chair
is not yet certain but this may be a vote of two
thirds; and if it should be, no question of order
can be made. So much for that as a point of
order.
Mr. McLANE called the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to order.
The SPEAKER, (tq Mr. Ashmun.) Does the
gentleman from Massachusetts appeal ?
Mr. ASHMUN. I was about to appeal. But !
I wish to' state that thia is not a motion to amend
the bill. This House has the power to instruct a
committee, either of the whole, or a standing, or
a special committee, to report any bill, and there
is no rule of the House against it. That rule
which prohibits the offering of amendments which
are not germane, has nothing to do with the mo-
tion to instruct a committee. The House may in-
struct a committee to report any bill. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state, in
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts, that
the same doctrine must apply to instructions as to
amendments, otherwise the whole rules of the
House might be evaded by instructing the com-
mittee to do that which the Housej under its own
rules, could not do.
The question was, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
lay the question on the table.
Mr. MCMULLEN demanded the yeas and
nays, but withdrew the demand.
Mr. ASHMUN renewed the demand.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, " Shall the appeal be laid upon
the table?" was then taken, and resulted—yeas
101, nays 85; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Ashe, Bay, Bayly, Beale,
Bingham, Bovvhn, Albert G. Brown, Jiuel, Burt, Joseph
Cable, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cariter,
Chngman, W. K. W. Cobb, Cnlrock, Daniel, Deberry, JDim-
mick, Di>ney, Dunham, Durkee, Edmundson, Featherstnn,
Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, Gtlbtrt, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamil-
ton, Harlan, Lhain G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris, Hibbaid, Billiard, Hoagland, Holladay, Holmes,
Howard, Inge, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew John>on, James
L. Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Predion Kiug, La
Sere, Leffier, Littlefieid, .Tub Mann, Mason, Mr demand,
McDowell, McLanahan, Robert M. MeLane, McMullen,
McQ,ueen, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris, Morton, Orr,
Outlaw, Parker, Peaslee, Peck, Phelps, Potter, Powell,
Richardson, Robmson, Root, Ross, Savage, SawteNe, Sed-
don, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Alexander
fl. Stephens, StetMin, Strong, Jacob Thompson, John B.
Thoinpt-on, Venahle, Wald^n, Waldo, Wallace, Wutkiris,
Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wood, Woodwaid,Wright,
and Young—-101.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Allen, A4iimm, Bokee,
Booth, Bowie, Bretk, Bugg*, Brooks, Burrows, Chester
Builer, Thomas B. Builer, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chand-
ler, Clarke, Cleveland, Cob , Corwin, Crowel!, Dickey,
Dixon, Doiy, Duncan, Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan
Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gentry, Goodenow, Gott, Gould,
Grinnell, EJalloway, Hammond, Hampton, flay, Haymond,
Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howr, Hunter, Kerr, Geor e G.
King, James G. King, John A. King, Levin, Horace Mann,
Marshall, Matteson, MtKissock, Meacham, Moote, Mote-
he sd, Nelson, Ogle, On?, Phoenix, Piimfin. Putinan, Heed,
Reynolds, Risley, Robbins, Rockwell, Rum-ey, Sacketl,
Schermeihorn, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague,
Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, Tavlor, Thurman, Tuck, CJn-
dcrhiil, Van Dyke, Vinton, White, and Williams—85.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. GRINNELL then said, he would with-
draw his motion to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and would
move the previous question on the passage of the
bill.
[Cries of "Agreed "Agreed !"]
There was a second to the demand for the pre-
vious question, and the main question was ordered
to be now taken. i
Which main question was, first, on the motion j
to refer the bill to the Committee on Commerce;
and, secondly, if that motion should be rejected,
on ordering the bill to a third reading.
And the question having been taken, the House
decided that the bill should not be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to a third reading—on which question the previous
question had been called.
There was a second. The main question was
ordered, and having been taken, and decided in
the affirmative, the bill was read a third time by
its title.
Mr. GRINNELL moved a reconsideration of
the vote by- which the bill had been ordered to a
third reading, and that that motion be laid upon
the table.
Ordered accordingly.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill. *
Mr. THURMAN called for the reading of the
bill; and it was lead.
And then the bill was passed.
Mr. BOWLIN, (to the Speaker.) i believe
the call of the committees for reports is now in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. GOTT. ] rise to a privileged question. I
move a reconsideration of the vote by which the
bill relating to permits to vessels has been passed,
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
GRANT OF LANDS.
Mr. BOWLIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the bill from
the Senate entitled l4An act granting to the State
of Missouri the right of way and a portion of the
public lands, for making a railroad from the town
of Hannibal to the town of St. Joseph, in said
State," reported the same back, without amend-
ment.
The bill having been read by its title—
Mr. BOWLIN said, I.move that it be put upon
its passage. It is a Senate bill which has been
sent here, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and is now reported back; and I call the-
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the third
reading of the bill.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, requested the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] to withdraw
the demand for the previous question, to enable
him (Mr. K ) to offer an amendment to the bilk
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Bowlin.) Does the
gentleman from Missouri withdraw the demand ?
Mr. BOWLIN. I do not.
- Mr. HAMPTON. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will withdraw the motion, to enable me
to offer the amendment which I hold in my hand.
Mr. BOWLIN wasmaktng a remark when—
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that the
| gentleman must either withdraw the motion or
i not. Does the gentleman (added the Speaker)
withdraw the motion t
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, repeated the re-
quest.
^Vlr. BOWLIN said he would withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, at the request of
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Ki\tg,] if
the gentleman would renew it.
Mr. KING. I will lenew it.
So the demand for the previous question was
withdrawn.
Mr. KING then offered the following amend-
ment, which was read:
Sec. —. JJnd be it further cnactcd> That the lands herein
before granted, and their proceed* when eold, shall not be
transferred to any corporation, company, or individual, but
shall be faithfully and judiciously applied by the said State
. for the object* and in the manner hereinbefore pre*-cribed; *
and the said State shad retain, either as sole proprietor or
as stockholder with others, the value and profits of said in-
ve.-tmetit, to be added to the common school fund ot said
State, which profits shall be guarantied by said Suite, to
amount and he kept up to five per cent, per annum: Pro-
vided, That the land hereinbefore grafted shall nut i.e sold
for less than one dollar and twenty-five ct-nts per acre.
The amendment having been read,
Mr. KING said, believing that the bill would be
more acceptable to the House with this amend-
ment, as I am sure it will be to the country, I shall
refrain from making any remarks, and shall con-
tent myself with renewing the demand for the pre-
vious question, in accordance with the pledge
which I gave to the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. HAMPTON asked the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr King] to withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. KING said, he was not at liberty to do so,
as he had obtained the floor on a pledge that he
would renew the motion which was withdrawn
for the purpose of admitting his amendment.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question (being first on the amend-
ment of Mr. King, and then on ordering the bill
to a third reading,) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. HAYMOND, (to the Speaker.) Is it in
order now to move that the bill and amendment be
laid on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It ie in order.
Mr. HAYMOND. I make the motion.
Mr. NELSON. The bill has not yet been read.
I call for the reading.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the bill ia
called for. It will be read so soon as order is re-
stored.
After a pause of some time, the bill was read.
Mr. HAYMOND asked the yeas and nays on
his motion that the bill be laid on the table; which
were ordered.
The question, " Shall the bill be laid on the
table?" was taken, and decided m the affirmative
—yeas 91, nays 81, as follow:
YEAS—Me srs. Alexander. Allen, Andrews, A«lie, Bavfy,
Beale, Bokee, Booth, Burrow*, Choker Butler, Joseph Ca
ble, George A. Uaidw fit, Joseph P. Caldwell, (Jalvm, Gamp-
hell. Ca-wj, Chandler, Chngman. Daniel, Deberr\,Diekt-y,
Diminick, Drxni, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley, Gerrv,
Goodenow, Gould, Ilallowav, Hamilton, Hammond, .Hamp-
ton, l^hatn G. Harris, Hav, Haj mond, Hebard, Benn . Hib-
baid, Holladay, Howe, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Geo.
G. King, Preston King. Littlefieid, McDowell, McKi&joek,
McMullen, Mi aeh tin, Meade, Millar. JYlifL-on, Moore, Mor-
ton, Ogle, Otw, Outlaw, Paike.\ Peaslee, Peek, Pitman,
Powell, Putnam, Reed, R< > nolds, Robt'in-, Rockwell, Root,
Ross, Kum-ey, tiackett, Sawtelle, Sehermerhoni. Sehool-
eratt, Seddon, Sdve?ter. thudding, Titaddeu.- Stevens,
Strong, Ta\ior, James Thompson, Thurman, Van Dvke,
Vinton, Waldo, Wallace, Watkim?, White, and WU-
dnck—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Alb«rtson, Anderson, Ashmun, Bay,
