860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
House of Representatives, to be held up before the
country as the basis of protection^ but if he (i\ir 
G.) wbs to come before the House with the statis-
tics of the hogs, wheat, &c., of his constituents,
and say, look at the low prices, the depreciation
of this property, and ask protection for them, he
imagined it would meet very little favor in Con-
gress. But the gentleman from Pennsylvania
plead for protection forhis manufacturing interests,
and said that they would be broken down, that
hundreds of people would be turned out to starve,
it was necessary to make these inquiries relative
to Pennsylvania, and it might betaken for granted
that they would get up some very shrewd answers.
He thought with the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, that wherever a man's business was to be
affected by his answers, they would be likely to
be given in a form to suit his interests.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, interposed
and (the floor bem  yielded) asked if the gentle-
man would point him to anything in the bill rela-
tive to profits ?
Mr. GORMAN referred to the schedule relative
to the " Products of Industry," and read several
items to show that there was an inquiry into the
profits of the iron manufacture. But he presumed
that the iron manufacturers would tell the censor
that they had never made any profits.
Mr. THOMPSON said there was not a word in
the bill as to the profits—not a word.
Mr. GORMAN (resuming) read the items of
inquiry in the schedules relative to the manufac-
turing interests, embracing "amountof capital"—
" value of machinery"—"number of hands''—
"cost of labor"—and "the annual product 1"
Let them go to that. What was it? It was
the product of the capital, the cost of the ma-
chinery—the number of hands, the amount paid
to each—the amount of the expenses—the capital
employed—the annual product and the value of
that product. If this would not show both profit
and loss, he did not understand arithmetic. But
they had an admirable arithmetic in Pennsylvania,
(and by the way there were some Pennsylvania
Democrats who adopted it,) by which the Consti-
tution was construed to mean specific duties and
protective tariffs. He said this because the gen-
tleman [Mr. Thompson] had thought proper to
give a construction to the Constitution as latitu-
dinous as that which had been given to it by any
other gentleman of the opposite school of politics.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (in his
seat.) What construction?
Mr. GORMAN (continued.) He alluded to
the construction which was the point of contro-
versy between the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson,] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Thompson.]
He (Mr. G.) had now closed his remarks on
that portion of the bill to which he had desiied more
particularly to call the attention of the committee.
Theie were two sections of the bill to which he
was opposed. He should vote for the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Mii.ler.] He
thought that amendment embraced all that the
Constitution contemplated; and he (Mr. G.) would
say further, that the power to collect all this sta-
tistical information as to the moral or social con- i
dition of society, when the Constitution had not i
expressly given that power to Congress, had been |
reserved to the States respectively, or to the peo-
ple. It belonged to them to examine and decide
upon their resources. They showed what their
population was by the enumeration of the inhabit-
ants. No power had been given to Congress to
obtain infoimation as to the commerce, annual
products, wealth and general resources of the
States; and if not granted, it was, as he had said,
reserved to the States and the people respectively.
If, then, it belonged to the States, the legislatures
of these States were the proper parties to excicise
it. He might differ from his friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Mii.lsont;] but he (Mr. G.) held that every
act of Congress was, to some extent, an act of
sovereignty. The absolute sovereignty of the
country was in the people, but they reflected their
sovereign power through their delegated Repre-
sentatives. Therefore, evej*y act they did was an
act of sovereignty. If Congress had a soveieign
right to take these statistics, then no other sover-
eign couM exist. If the sovereignty was in Con- .
gre>sit was not m the States. If there was a sov- j
erogn to legislate ou the subject, no other State or j
power could legitimately legislate upon it. j
His objections to the two sections of which he
had spoken, were not of a serious character.
These two sections gave to the Secretary of the
Interior the power to employ clerks to any un-
limited extent necessary, in his judgment, to com-
plete the census. That power, as some gentle-
men declared, had already been exercised to a
great extent by the Secretary of the Interior. He
(Mr. G.) believed that officer would exercise it
pretty much as prudently as it would be exercised
by any other person. He (Mr. G.) would not
intrust to him, or any one else, the exercise of an
unlimited power to employ clerks or officers for
any particular duty. If the power was to be
given at all, the metes and bounds should be pre-
scribed.
He should say no more. His object had been
to vindicate the vote he intended to gtve„upon this
bill; though, as he had said, he knew that he
should subject himself to the criticism of gentle-
men who asserted we had the power to do all
which this bill proposed, and that it was almost
ridiculous to doubt it.
Mr. HOWE said: Mr. Chairman, it is mani-
fest that time is not of the essence of this Con-
gress, as it has now been about five months of the
session, and little or no business has been ma-
tured. And there is also in the same bill a pro-
vision for taking important statistical information,
not for sectional purposes, not for the purpose of
gratifying any particular portion of the Confeder-
acy, but, as I suppose, for the benefit of the who!e
country, for the benefit of the world, and as a part
of the history of the country. As I understand
from gentlemen on both sides of this Chamber, it
is admitted to be information that is much desired;
it is desired by gentlemen from the North and
from the great Northwest, as well as from the
South; but there is a constitutional objection in-
terposed, which makes it difficult for the House
to concentrate its forces upon the bill. The North
sees no constitutional objection, as 1 understand
from gentlemen who have addressed the commit-
tee; but from the Northwest, where we might
have least suppo ed any such objection would have
originated, or that any such conscientious sciuples
were indigenous to the soil, objections to the bill
have proceeded.
It is not an original or peculiar idea with the
people of the Northwest, but, so far as I have heard
gentlemen express iheir views here, it would ap-
pear to be the judgment of the entire South. This
led me to suppose for a time that it was a sectional
question; that this constitutional objection was en-
gendered, in a gieat measure, by local feelings and
local interests that might seem to conflict fora time;
and I supposed that the issue was made, and the
combat entered upon, on either side. But I am
glad to learn that it was a mere ruse, and that it
:J is not a local question, but a purely constitutional
, quesiion, and that there are no other objections
i to the bill. The gentleman from Virginia, this
| morning, speaking of imputations upon the South,
j declared that he had no local feeling on the sub-
! ject; and one of the gentlemen from the South
, who addressed the Committee yesterday, declared-
j that he was anxious for the obtaining of this in-
! formation—that there was no member here who
j was more anxious; and that his entire section of
] country, so far as he knew, were anxious for the
: collection of all the information that is provided
j for by the several sections, provisions, and sched-
j ules of the bill. If this be the case, then, the
i fears that were before entertained with regard to
this bill raising a local question, may c"a&e. The
slavery question, which it was supposed would
probably be connected with this debate, will not
be agam mooted.
I It is very difficult to tell what is the extent of
j the power of Congress; that is a question which
| has engaged the greatest intellects we have ever
i had in this country. There have been two modes !
| devised for construing the powers of Congie&s, as I
; derived from the Constitution—the one is, to con- !
j strue them according to the letter and spirit of the ;
: Constitution, and the decisions that have been {
I made by competent tribunals with regard to the j
j subject. The other mode is, that every man shall '
' construe that instrument as he understands it, and I
' regulate his conduct accordingly. I believe the ■
latter mode of construction is the one that is gener- ;
ally adopted. It is always tieated by the party j
m power, and the party out of power, according ;
to their varying circumstances. It is treated by j
those who wish to obtain a particular course of
legislation, as if it were a perfect anaconda. It is
stretched to its utmost extension, so as to become
a complete canopy over the whole United States,
j* reaching from the Atlantic to the Pacific. But
when a different kind of legislation is sought for,
we find extreme expounders of the Constitution
ready to contract it, and make it narrow indeed,
hardly broad enough to enable Congress to
keep the wheels of Government in motion. At
one time we find it large enough to embrace an en-
tire country—a foreign country—to authorize us
to adopt it, to annex it, to buy it, or obtain it
by conquest, or get it in any way we can. We
find it then conveying unlimited power, reach-
ing from the Aroostook to the Gulf of California.
But, again, if it be desired to pass an act for
taking a census of the United States, as Congress
has a right to do, and if at the same time it is con-
sidered expedient, or proper, or for the advantage
or benefit of the whole country, to obtain, at the
same time, when it may be most conveniently and
cheaply obtained, certain important statistical in-
formation, for the use of Congress, for history,
for posterity, for the world at large, then the Con-
stitution is entirely too narrow, it is too contracted,
and there is no way under Heaven to expand it.
But I am glad to find that objections are not con-
fined to any peculiar section of country, and that
they do not arise from sectional feelings and sec-
tional prejudices.
Now, I propose to look at the construction which
has been put upon the Constitution by some of the
ablest jurists of the country. I read from Story's
Commentaries, vol. 1st, on the Constitution:
" The Government, then, of the United States can claim
no powers which are not granted to it by the Constitution;
and the powers actually granted must be such as are ex-
pressly given, or given by necessary implication. On the
other hand, this instrument, like every other grant, is to
have a reasonable construction, according to the import of
lt^ terms. And where a power it expressly given in general
terms, it is riot to be restrained to particular cases, unless
that construction giovv out of the conlext expressly, or by
neces?arv implication. The words are to be taken 'in their
natural and obvious sense, and not in a sense unreasonably
re t icted or enlarged."
A still more striking response to the argument
fot* a strict construction of the Constitution, will
be found in the language of the court, m the case
of Gibbons vs. Ogden, (9 Wheat., 1, &c.) Mr.
Chief Justice Marshall, in delivertng the opinion
of the court, says:
"This instrument contains an enumeration of powers
expressly grmted by the people to their Government. It has
been said that those powers ought to he construed strictly.
But when oujjht they to be so con-trued t I> theie one sen-
tence in the Constitution which gives countenance to this
rule? In the hat of the enumerated powers, that which
grants expressly the means for carrjing all others* into exe-
cution, Congress is authorized, 'to make^a!! laws which shall
be necessary and proper for the purpose.' But thn hmita-
| iton on the means winch may be u-ed, is not extended to
I the poweis which ate conferred; nor it there one sentence
in the Conslitutiori which has been pointed out by the gen-
tlemen of the bar, or which we have been able to discern,
that prescribes this rule. We do not, therefore, think our-
selves justified m adopting it."
What do gentlemen mean by a strict construc-
tion? If they contend only against that enlarged
construction which would extend words beyond
theirnaturaland obvious impoit, we might question
the application of the terms, but should not contro-
vert the principle. If they contend for that narrow
construction which, in support of some theory not
to be found m the Constitution, would deny to the
Government those powers which the words of the
grant, as usually understood, import, and which
! are consistent with the general views and objects
: of the insttument—for that narrow eonstiuctiort
j. which would cripple the Government, and render
I it unequal to the objects for which it is declared to
; be instituted, and to which the powers given, as
fairly understood, render it competent,—then we
I cannot perceive the propriety of this strict con-
struction nor adopt it as a lule by which the Con-
j stitution is to be expounded.
Judge Suirvthen t'oea on to say: " It ha* been r. tnirked
n} President J. Q. Adams, thut ■ it is a cireuinslaiite winch
will not escape the oh-ervation of it philosophical hi-to-
' rian, that the constructive power*oi the National (;o\ern-
■ '' llient have been stretchi li to their euroim-t ton.ion by
. ' that party, when in powei, whieh ha* been nioi-t u-mlerly
scrupulous of the State sovereignty,  lien umnve-ti <1 null
authority ol the Umon tliem-elvi s.' He adit- . . ()t
1 inconsistencies, our two great parlu s eun have hill,, to.-ny
' in reproof of (aeh otoer.' Without inquiring into the
. tiee of the remark in aeneral, it may l - truly stated that ihe
einbareo ot itfU,.aiid the aduu-ion 01 Loui-iima mto the
union, are vetv stilling illustrahom of the application of
constructive power.-.''
I Again, on pace. 4(18 of the. same volume, section -fi'i,
Juuge Story say.-: <• A power given in genera] terms is not
