1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1957
The question was put on the motion to suspend
the rules, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended and the resolution
was read a third time.
And the question being, <c Shall the joint resolu*
tion pass?"
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the previous question.
Mr. DISNEY moved that the resolution be laid
on the table.
The question being put, the motion was not
agreed to.
The demand for the previous question was
seconded, and the main question ordered.
The main question being upon the passage of
the joint resolution—
Mr. OTIS asked for the yeas and nays, and they
were ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 142,
nays 20; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Anderson,
Andiews, Ashmun, Bay, JBeale, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Bow-
Jin, Breek, Brigg«, Burrows, Burt, Chester Butler, Thomas
B. Butler, E. C Cabell,George A Caldwell, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland,
Chugman, W. R. W. £obb, Colcoek, Cole, Corwin, Crow-
el), Daniel, Deberry, Dimmick, Dixon, Duncan, Edmund-
son, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fpatherston, Fowler,
Freedley, Gjirry, Gilbert, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Green,
Grtnnell, Hallowav, Hammond, Hampton, Harlan, l.G. Har-
ris, Sampson W. Harris, Hay, Hayrnond, Hebard, Henry,
Holladay, Houston, Howard, How.e, Hubbard, Hunter, Inge,
J. W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, J. L. Johnson, Kerr, George
G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston King, La
S6re, Leffier, Littlefield, Horace Mann, Marshall, Matteson,
McDowell, McLanahan, McMullen, Millson, Moore, Mor-
ns, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Orr, Otis, Outlaw. Peaslee,
Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds, Ridley, Robbins, Rockwell,Ross, Rumsey, Saeketi,
Sawtelle, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester,
Spauldtng, Sprague, Stanly, Frederiek P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Tbaddeus Stevens,
Taylor, Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Vena-
ble, Vinton, Wallace, Watkins, Wellborn, White, Whit-
tlej-ey, Williams, Woodward, and Young—142.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayly, Bissell, Joseph Cable, Disney,
Doty, Durkee, Fuller, Thomas L. Harris, Robert W, John-
son, Jones, Julian, Job Mann, Robert M. McLane. Meade,
Parker, Peck, Root, Strong, Walden, and Waldo—20.
So the joint resolution was
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved a
reconsideration of the vote, and that that motion
be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. BURT said, he believed there were four
Senate bills on the Speaker's table. If the House
should suspend the rules to dispose of these bills,
he desired to be informed by the Speaker, whether
it would be in order to move to suspend the rules
for any other purpose ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman speak of
Senate bills ?
Mr. BURT. I do.
The SPEAKER. If the rules are suspended
for that purpose, it will not be in order to move to
suspend the rules for any other purpose until
these bills shall have been disposed of.
Mr. BURT. Then, with a view to dispose of
these Senate bills, and in order that the House
may not be diverted from them, I move that the
rules be suspended for the purpose pf disposing of
the Senate bills on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BISSELL. Cannot the same object be ac-
complished by proceeding in the regular order with
the business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. It can—unless a motion to
suspend the rules should intervene. If so, as a
matter of course, that motion would be entertained.
Mr. BISSELL. But the House may vote
down the motion.
Mr. BURT. I will modify my motion so as to
include House bills on the Speaker's table. I
understand the fortification bill is on the Speaker's
table on its third reading—and that is a House
bill.
The question was then taken, and the rules
were suspended, two thirds voting therefor.
Mr. BURT then submitted his motion; which
was agreed to.
WAR BOUNTY SCRIP.
The joint resolution from the Senate to amend a
resolution, approved 10th of August, 1850, rela-
tive to the payment of dividends of interest on war
bounty scrip, coming up,
And the question being on its third reading—
'Mr. DISNEY sent to the Clerk's table an
amendment, which he desired to offer, (a copy of
which could noU)e procured,) providing that the
lands entered in virtue of bounty land warrants,
&c., shall be comprehended in the basis upon
which the percentage funds of the States shall be
computed.
Mr. JONES. Let us hear the original read
first. We know nothing about the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. DISNEY'S amendment was read.
The SPEAKER" ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. DISNEY appealed from the depision—but
withdrew the appeal.
So the amendment was not received.
The joint resolution was then read a third time
and passed.
Mr. ASHE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, made a repoit
The bill from the Senate, entitled " An act to au-
thorize Thomas Ginnatty to hold and transmit
certain real estate in the city of Washington,*"
coming up—
Mr- YENABLE asked that it might be put
upon its passage.
Mr. V., in explanation, said that this individual
had made some little money, and had bought a
house and lot. He was a foreigner, and had not
been here long enough to be naturalized. To
avoid any difficulty about the matter, the Senate
had passed a bill authorizing him to hold or trans-
mit his property. He (Mr. V.) hoped no objec-
tion would be made.
The bill was read a third time and passed.
The joint resolution in relation to the accounts
of John De Neufville and son coming up—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, made a brief
explanation, and asked that the bill might be put
upon its passage.
The SPEAKER, after glancing over the bill,
said that it contained an appropriation, and must
therefore be committed.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, the bill was
then referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The bill making: appropriations for certain for-
tifications of the United States (which had hereto-
fore been reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union without amend-
ment) came up on the question of engrossment.
The previous question had heretofore been de-
manded.
And the question having been taken, there was
a second. And the main question was ordered to
be now taken.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker
whether the bill had been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and having been read a third time Ity its title, and
the question being, " ShaU this bill pass
Mr. VENABLE asked the yeas and niya;
which were ordered, and being taken, resulted—
yeas 106, nays 66; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Ash-
mun, Bavlv, Beale, Bissell, Bokee, Booth, Bowie, Brerk,
Brooks, Buei, Burrows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
E. C. Cabell, Calvin, Ca^ey, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland,
Cole, Corwin, Crovvell, Deberry, Dickey, Dixon, Duncan,
Eliot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evan*, Fowler, Fuller,
Gerry, Gilbert, Goodenow,Gott, Gould, Grinnell, Hallowav,
Hammond, Hampton, Hay, Hayrnond, Hebard, Hihbard,
Holmes, Houston, Howe, Joseph W. Jackson, James L.
Johnson, RW. Johnson, Kerr, Geo. G. King, James G. King,
John A. King, La Sfere, Lt-fller.Levin, Litilrfield,Matteson,
M^Clernand. McKis«oek, R. M. McLane, Million, Moore,
Morehead, Morton, N.'lson, 0«ile, Otis, Parker, Peck, Phoe-
nix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Risley, Robbins, Rock-
well, Rumsey, Sackett, Sawtelle, Sehermerhorn, School-
craft, Seddon, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly. Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Tbaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Strong. Tav-
lor, John B. Thompson, Thurman, Van Dvke. Vinton, Wal-
den, Watkins, White, Williams, and Wright—106
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Allen, A<he, Bay, Bowlin,
Albert G. Brown, Burt, Joseph Cable, George A Caldwell,
Joseph P. Caldwell, Campbell, Cartter, CJingman, W. R.
W. Cobb. Colcock, Daniel, Dimmick, Disnev, Doty, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Edmundson, Featherston, Fitch, Green,
Hall, Harlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W.Harris, Thom-
as L. Harris, Holladay, Howard, Hubbard. Inge, Andrew
Johnson, Jones, Julian. Kaufman, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
Marshall, Mason, McLanahan, McMullen, McQueen,
Meade, Miller, Morris, Orr, Phelps, Powell, Richardson,
Robinson, Savage, Richard H. Stanton, Jacob Thompson,
Tuck, Venable, "Waldo, Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey,
Wildrick, Wood, Woodward, and Young—66.
iSo the bill was passed.
Mr. BAYLY moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itsdlf into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. No motion is in order. The
House is now acting under a suspension of th«
rules.
RELIEF OF THE INSANE. •
The next bill was the bill of the House, No.
383, making a grant of lands to the several States
of the Union for the relief of insane persons.
The question was on the engrossment of the
bill.
Mr. BISSELL, who was entitled to the floor
from a previous day, called for the reading of the
bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. BISSELL said he had too much regard for
the House, and knew too well the value of their
time, to detain the House at this late period of the
session, with any argument in relation to this bill.
Indeed, it appeared to him that argument was un-
necessary; but the bill was an important one, and
he was sure that he would be justified in detaining
the House for a few moments, in explaining its
provisions, for be had reason to suppose that there
were many gentlemen who did ,not comprehend
them; and he should be happy, at the same time,1 to
answer any inquiries that might be made by any
gentleman who desired information.
Mr. HALL was understood to inquire (the floor
being yielded to him for that purpose) whether
there was any provision in the bill relating to the
taxing of these lands to be granted by it ?
Mr. BISSELL replied, that the intention was
that those States in which public lands were situ-
ated, would receive their portion within their own
borders, without any taxation or incumbrance
whatever by the General Government, and that
those States in which there was no publicland, shall
receive their portion from the Territories of the
General Government; and when those Territories
come to be formed into States, unless a contract
were entered into at the time of the admission of
such States expressly providing otherwise, the
lands were to remain at the disposal of the State
to which they had been granted.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Will the gentleman
yield me the floor for the purpose of offering an
amendment to the bill? It was as follows:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That in the event public
lands cannot be found in either of the States of the United
States, subject to sale or private entry, worth §1 25 per
acre, thefi it may be lawful lor such State or States to
locate their respective quantities of lands in any of the Ter-
ritories in the United States, subject to sale or private entry,
not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. BISSELL. The gentleman must excuse
me; I cannot yield the floor for such a purpose.
Mr. COBB. And your bill cannot pass unless
it is amended. It is not worth the paper it is writ-
ten on.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is out of otder
Mr. BISSELL (resuming,) said: The bill pro-
posed to appropriate ten millions of acres of the pub-
lic lands to be apportioned among the several States
of this Union', in the ratio of their geographical
area, and of their representation in that House; or
in other words, the quantity of land to which each
should be entitled was to be ascertained, first, ac-
cording to the ratio of the geographical area of
such State, and not according to the population.
Upon these two methods of computation com-
bined, the quantity to which each State should be
entitled was to be ascertained, and in his judgment
it was a far more equitable mode of distribution
than any other that could possibly be devised. At
the same time the geographical area of no State
was to be computed at more than fifty thousand
square miles. #
[Mr. BISSELL read a statement showing the
quantity of land to which each State would be
entitled under this plan of distribution.]
This, then, (continued Mr. B.,) is about the
proportion that each State will receive. Now, sir,
this land is to be granted to the several States upon
this condition—and the States by legislative acts
are first to agree to the condition—that they will
put the lands into the market and sell them out as
fast as practicable; so that the lands will be sold
precisely as fast, and in the same way, in fact, as
by the General Government, and at the same price.
So that there can be no objection on that score.
The lands are thus to be sold in the same way and
for the same object, as if sold by the General
i Government.
