864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 80.
Also, the petition of the same citizens to secure to al-
leged fugitives the right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of the same citizens against the admis-
sion of'any more slave States into the Union.
Also, four petitions from citizens of MorrMown,
St. Lawrence county, New York, for the same objects.
Also, four several petitions of citizens Oi the town of
Oawejratclue for the same objects.
ALm , Jour several petitions of citizens of Bethany, Gene-
gee County, New York, for the same objects.
Also? four several petitions of citizens of Otsego, Otsego
County, New York, for the same objects.
By Mr. DOTY"; The petition of Dame! Jerome, George
A. Janes, and others, for a mail-route from Madison by
Lowville, Wjouend, Marceilon, Kock Hill, and Kingston,
to Lake Apuckawa, in Wisconsin.
Als-o, the petitt n> of J. S. Brown, A. M.Howard, and
other?, fur the repeal of all laws permitting slavery in the
Pistnct of Columbia; to secure to alleged fugitive slaves
the ri«ht of trial by juryj also, that slavery ; ndThe s.lave
tMde be prohibited hi the territories; and against the ad-
mission of more -<iave States into the Union.
By Mi. FOWLER: A petition from Alvan Shaw, Elijah
Idman and 35 other citizens ot EastBiidgewater, Massachu-
setts, against the admission into the Union of any States,
unless slavery shall be expressly prohibited.
Also, a petition for the prohibition of slavery and the
slave trade in the territories.
Also, a petition for the repeal of all laws sanctioning sla-
very in tlie Dbtuct of Cnlumbia^or tberemoval ot the seat
of Government to a free State.
Also, a petition against the delivery of fugitive slaves, ex-
cepton the finding ol a jury.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jlpril 30, 1850.
Mr. FOOTE presented the credentials of the
Hon. Jefferson Davis, of Mississippi, elected a
Senator from that State for the constitutional term
of six years from the 4th of March, 1851; which
were read, and ordered to be placed on file.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens of
Luzerne county, Pennsylvania, urging upon Con-
gress the passage of a law granting bounty lands
to the officers and soldiers of the last war with
Gieat Britain; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON" presented the petition of Au-
gustus H. Evans, Daniel D. Page, and others,
asking the confirmation of their title to a quarter
section of the land in the St. Louis land district;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
^ Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a memo-
rial from William A. Nicholas, in behalf of him-
self and other officers of the second regiment of
the United States artillery, asking that an appro-
priation may be made for supplying the band at-
tached to this regimerft with musical instruments;
which was referied to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented three petitions—one
signed by two hundred and forfy-four citizens of
Rochester, one from Somerset, and one from I'a,
in the State of New York—asking that slavery
and the slave trade may be prohibited in the terri-
tories oi the United States; also, three petitions
from citizens of the same, asking that the right of
trial by jury may be secured by law to fugitive
sla\es arrested in any other State than that in
which their service is claimed; also, three petitions
from citizens of the same, asking that no State !
may hereafter be admitted into the Union, whose >
constitution does not expressly prohibit slavery I
within ifs limits; also, three petitions from the !
same, asking that slavery and the slave trade may
be abolished in the District of Columbia, or the
seat of Government removed therefrom; also, a
petition from citizens of Ontario county, New
Yoik, asking that the army may be disbanded, ,
and all listen ices hereafter dispensed with; all of !
which petitions were received and ordered to lie on !
the table. ;
Mr. S. also presented a petition from male and j
female colored residents of Boston, Massachusetts, i
asking that color d men may be employed in!
transporting the mails, and be enrolled in the mi- '
utia; alyo, a petition of' male and female residents ;
of the same city and State, protesting against the '
enactment of any law for the recovery of fugitive
slaves; which were received, and ordered to lie 1
on the table. i
* Mr. MILLER presented four memorials, nu-
morously signed by cinzens of Washington, m
the District ot Columbia, setting forth the defi-
ciency ot water, and asking-that Congress will ''
adopt measures for supplying water for the public ij
use and accommodation m that city.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial of citizens
of Lucas county, Ohio, asking that the public
lands may be granted in limited quantities to ac-
tual settlers not possessed of other lands; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a memorial from
the "Old Settlers, or Western Cherokees;"asking
the payment of their per capita allowance, agree-
ably to the 4th article of the treaty of 1846, be-
tween the United States and the Cherokee Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr.'BORLAND presented the memorial of the
officers of the National Institute, asking that pro-
vision may be made by law for the exhibition and
preservation of the specimens m the possession of
the Institute, and for defraying the expenses in-
cident to their reception, and that the custody of
the specimens collected by the Exploring Expedi-
tion may be committed to them; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of the legisla-
ture of Alabama, asking a grant of public lands to
aid m the construction of certain railroads and
plank roads authorized to be constructed through
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS OF A STATE LEGISLATURE.
Mr. DAWSON presented thirteen resolutions
of the legislature of Georgia in favor of the fol-
lowing post routes:
From Dahloaega to William Robertson's, in Lumpkin
county.
from eleventh station on the Central railroad to fifty-fifth
precmet, in Emanuel county.
From EJgh, iu Einngham county, to James Hazin's, in
Bullock county.
From Dublin, Laurens county, to Jacksonville, Telfair
county.
Prom thirteenth station, Central railroad, to Landeraville,
in Washington county.
From Thomasvtllc, Georgia, to Montieello, Florida.
From Centre Village to St. Mary's, in Camden county.
From Waresboro', Ware county, to Centre village, in
Camden county
From Waie £ioro'j Georgia, to Blount's Ferry, Florida;
and m favoi of changes in the route fr.mi Talbotton to Hoot-
en^ville, in CJp «n county, and the route from Montieello,
FJonda, to Tiioaiasville, Georgia.
in presenting the resolutions, Mr. D. said: I
have received from the State of Georgia thirteen
resolutions, passed at the last session of the le-
gislature of that State, on the subject of mail-
routes. 1 referred the whole of these resolutions
first to the Post Office Department, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining liow many of these routes
could be established under existing laws. I
have received a report from the Postmaster Gen-
eral on that subject, with which I beg to accom-
pany the pi esentation of the resolutions which l
am about to lay upon the table. I wish to call
the attention or the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads [Mr. Rusk] to
these resolutions; and 1 beg to say to him that the
applications come chiefly from that portion of the
Slate of Georgia in which he was born, and in
which he grew up. It has since become exceed-
ingly populous and prosperous, and requires all
the facilities, in respect to the conveyance of the,
mails, which exist in other equally densely popu-'
lated sections of the United States. I call his at-
tention to the subject, inasmuch as anything he
may do for their relief will relate to his own kith
and km. ] ask that they may be received, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The several joint resolutions were then referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, together with a communication from the
Postmaster General in relation to the pionosed
mail-routes.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
Ordered, Tlmt the p-tition and pnper, ot U™™- J-,,lr!lIf x-
Atfa',!!'1" 'KUimi <° U,a
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. i
Mr. HUNTER,from theCommitteeon Finance
to whom was referred the bill supplemental v to
the act entitled " An act supplementary to the act
entitled ' An act establishing mint, and regulating .
the coins of the United States,' " reported back the 1
same with an amendment, and asked the Senate to
proceed to its consideration at once; which was
agreed to.
.1, was,th,en considered as in Committee of
the Whole; and the amendment reported from the j
Committee on Finance having been concurred in,
the bill was ieported back to the Senate; and no
further amendment having been offered, the bill
was ordered to a third reading1, and was read a
third time, and passed, in the following form:
Be it enacted, That, for the purpose of enabling the
mint and branch mints ot the United States to make returns
to depositors with as little delay as possible, it shall be law-
ful lor the President of the United Slates, when the state of
the treasury shall admit thereof, to direct transtf-rs to be made
from time to time, to the mint and branch mints for^uch
sums of public money as he shall judge convenient and
necessary, out of which those who bring'bulfion to the mint
may be paid the value thereof, as soon as pra tieable, alter
thi* value has been ascertained; that the bullion so deposited
shall become the property oi the United States; that no
discount or interest shall be charged on mom y so advanced ;
that the Secretary of the Treasury may at any time wnh-
diaw the said deposit, or any part theieof, or may, at Ins
discretion, allow the coins formed at the mint to be L"ven
for their equivalent in money: Provided, That the bonds
given by the United States treasurers andsuperintendent> of
the mint shall be renewed or increased at the discretion of
the Secretaiyof the Treasury, under the operation ot tins
act.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to furnish to the Senate copies of all correspond-
ence or other documents on file in any of the Executive
Departments, and not heretofore comm micated, reapectma
the hostilities and outiage  committed aunng the pa-.tyear
by the Seminole Indians in Florida, and re.-pccti-ig the sup-
pression of the same, and the employment of vo!unt'>eis
foi the protection of the inhabitants of the exposed frouier;
and that he be lequested also to inform the Senate what
steps have been taken for the removal of the said Indians
to their appropriate location west of the Missir-j-ipin river;
whether any, and what, negotiations have he< n had wit'i
them, and with what result; and to ftirni*li to the Senate
all correspondence which may be on file in any of the de-
partments relative to such negotiations.
And be it further resolved, That the President be requested
to inform the Senate what is the extent, in square miles, of
the area now occupied by the Indians in Florida; how
much more is reserved from sale as neutral ground; under
what treaty the Indians now remain in Florida; and whether
the treaty of Payne's Landing has been executed.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate he instructed
to obtain from the public printers certain documents, acorn,-
panyins Senate bill 157, and dehvei the same to the Clerk
of the House of Representatives.
BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. DAWSON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the Secretary of War to settle the claims of the
State of Georgia for horses and equipments lost by
the volunteers and militia engaged in the suppres-
sion of hostilities of the Creek, Seminole, and
Cherokee Indians, in the years 1836 and 1837.
In presenting this bill, Mr D. said: Allow me
here to obseivethat the existing laws authorize
the department to pay in such cases only where
individuals are concerned. When a State has vol-
untarily stepped forwaid and settled with the in-
dividuals, the department does not consider itself
authorized, under existing laws, to refund the mo-
ney which has been so voluntarily paid to individ-
uals by the State.
The bill was then read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. D. also, pursuant to notice, asked and ob^
tairied leave to introduce a bill to authorize the
Secretary of War to allow the payment of interest
to the State of Georgia for advances made for the
use of the United States in the suppression of the
hostilities of the Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee
Indians, in the years 1836, 1837, and 183S; which
was read a fits! and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRADBURY , in pursuanceot' notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a lull to provide
for holding the courts of the United States, m case
of the sickness or other disability of the |udges of
the district courts; which was ie,'.d a fust and sec-
ond time by its title, and relerred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. 13. also asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill to pro. ide for the investigation ni claims
agjinst the United States.
Mr. B remaiked,in introducing the bill, that
Ills object in iiiftring it was tin.-,: 'The honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Ui-stuu] hod a bill,
which would shortly come up for ac'ion m the
Senate, upon the same suhj-(.t; or.d he denned
tnat this bill should be punted, in oidrr thut both
might be before the Senate at the same time, as it
was very possible that tins bill would be offued
as a substitute for that of the honorable Senator
