1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
Mr. BISSELL. I answer, because the new
States would not consent to it.
I have a single word more to say, and it is this:
there can be no question as to the power of Con-
gress to pass this law. A reference to precedents
in the whole legislative history of this Govern-
ment establishes this fact as clearly as anything
can possibly be. Congress has frequently made-
donations of land to the States for various pur-
poses. Sir, I have to apologize for detaining tlie
House so long at this fate period of the session;
and as I cannot but think that every member of
s this House is prepared to vote, I ask for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, requested the
gentleman from Illinois to withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BISSELL. If the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will renew it. 1 merely
wish to remark, that there are matters which re-
quire the attention of this House, and that 1 hope
this question will be at once disposed of, so as to
proceed to other business. I renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (addressing
the Speaker.) I want to know, sir, if there is a
motion pending to refer this bill? It certainly
wants perfecting.
• Mr. f EATI1ERSTON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Cries of u Oh no !"
. Mr. FEATHERSTON. Well, sir, as I be-
lieve that if we lake the vote upon this bill now it
will be defeated, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CLEVELAND inquired of the Chair if it
was in order to move that the bill be postponed
until the next session?
^ The SPEAKER replied that the previous ques-
tion had been demanded, and that the motion to
postpone was consequently not in order.
Mr. BURT. 1 desire permission, sir* to move
to recommit this bill. I desire to see whether the
House will not order the bill to be committed; and
if the gentleman from Illinois will allow me to
move to commit the bill, upon that motion I will
renew the demand for the previous question.
|g/The SPEAKER obseived that the previous
question had been moved by the gentleman from
Arkansas, and was not within the control of the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BURT. Well, sir, I movefto lay the bill
upon the tabie. «
Upon this question the yeas and nays were de-
manded, and they were ordered, and being taken,
were—yeas 48, nays 114; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Bay, Baylv, Beale, Bokee, Rowhn,Burt,
E Carringlon Cabell, Joseph Cable, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Coleoek, Daniel, Edmundson, Featherston, Fuller,
Gerry, Green, flail, Ishani G. Harris, Sampson W Harris,
Hjbbardj Hnlladay^ Howard, Hubbard, Joseph W. Jackson,
Andrew Johnson, Join s, Mar-hall, McMullen, McQueen,
Meade, Milter, Milton,'Orr, Pasker, Phelps, Powell, Ross,
Savage, Richard H. Stamoti, Tiiaddeu® Steven?, Stetson,
Jacob Thompson, James Thompson, Thurman, Wallace,
Watkins, Wjldrick, and Woodward—48.
NAYS—Messrs, Alberuson, Alexander, Alien, Anderson,
Andrews-, A-lnnun, Bingham, Bu^ell, Booth, Howie, Biooks,
AibertG. Brown, Burrows, T. B. fiutier, Joseph P. Caldwell,
Calvin, Carter, Casey, Chandler, Claike, Cleveland, Citng-
ni.w, C'dc, Coawm, Crowell, Dickey, Dimrmek, Disney,
Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Dnrkee, Eliot, Alexander
Evau^, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Freedlev, GtiUty,
Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Gunnel!, flalloway, Hammond,
Hampton, Harlan, Thomas L. Huns., Hay, H.tjmond,
Hefoard, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hunter, Rob- it W. John-
son, Julian, Keir, George G. King, James G King, John A.
King, Preston King, La Sfcre, Leffler, Littlefu.ld, Horaco
Mann, Job Mann, Mason, Matteson, MeClernand, MeKis-
S)i.k, MeLanafian, R.M McLnm ,Menehani Moor*,Mom.*,
Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Oils, Pea^h e, Peek, Pitman, Potter,
Putnam, Reed, Iliehardson, Risley, Robbing Robinson,
Rockwell, Uuiiisey, Sawtelle, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Silvester, Spaulding, Spragae, Stanly, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Strone, Taylor, John B. Thompson, Tuck, Undeihtll,
Vinton, Walden, Waldo, Wellborn, White, Whittlesey,
Wilhams, and Young—114.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr, MORRIS moved that there be a call of the
House, and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HARRIS moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. BISSELL demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion.
Mr. BAYLY inquired of the Chair what svould
be the condition of this bill, if the House ad-
journed ?
f The CHAIRMAN said it would be the first
business in order in the morning—having been
considered under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BISSELL withdrew his call for the yeas
and nays—and
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, September 24, 1850.
On motion by Mr. HALE, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of J. Bi^e-
fow, Samuei H. Turner, J. F.'CaHsn, and David
A. Hall, asking the enactment of a law incorpor-
ating the " Washington Dock and Transportation
Company," for the reception and transhipment of
merchandise; whieh was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
-Mr. CLAY. I wish to present a petition which
has been put in my hands, signed, I understand,
by all the practical printers m the city of Wash-
ington, in every office, and without regard to poli-
titical predilections or preferences. The object of
the petition is to prevail upon Congress to dispense
with the contract system in the printing for Con-
gress. They state that it operates disadvantage-
ously to the public and also to the petitioners, who
appear to be a very respectable class of people,
to whom we are much indebted for the informa-
tion t4iey contribute to give us through their re-
spective paper?. They say that it operates to the
injury both of the employers and the employed,
and that they think some other system ought to
be adopted; that those who contract do not receive
anything like remunerating prices, and are utterly
unable to give liberal wages to those whom they
employ. I mean, sir, to express no opinion, per-
sonally, on the system of doing the public print-
ing by contract. The subject is always one of
great difficulty. My own private opinion is that
it would be better to establish a Government print-
ing office and put it under suitable management. I
ask that the petition be referred to the Committee
on Printing, and that it be printed.
The petuion was so referred.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be authorized
to employ a clerk annually, whose duties, as (said commit-
tee shall direct, shall be the same as now performed hy the
clerk of the Committee of Claim* of the Hon«e of Repte-
sentatives, until otherwise ordered bv the Senate : to he paid
by the t3ecret.tr)- of the Senate, out of the contingent fund,
such compensation a* -shall be fixed by the committee, not
exceeding that allowed to engrossing clerks of the Senate"—
Reported back the same with an amendment
striking: out the words, " that allowed to engross-
ing clerks of the Senate," and inserting " four dol-
lars a day," so that it will read " such compensa-
tion as shall be fixed by the committee, not ex-
ceeding four dollars per day.."
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of C. M. Hitchcock, executor of R. J. Hunter,
deceased, asking compensation for corn furnished
to the Cherokee Indians in 1836, submitted a re-
port in writing, which was ordered to be printed,
recommending the following amendment to the In-
dian appropriation bill:
" For payment of the claim of C. M. Hitchcock, execu-
tor of A. R. S. Hunter, for supplies of provision* for the
Cherokpes, nnder the authority of Brigadier General Wool
and J. R. Schernierhorn, commissioner for negotiating the
treaty with the Chprokets, from the 26th March to the 16th
July, 1838, $1,236 05  
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred Hou^e bill No. 5,
being the act for the relief of Charles Ahrenfeldt
and John F. H. Vogt, submitted a report in wri-
ting, which recommended the passage of the bill,
ACCOUNTS OF DE NEUFVILLE AND SON.
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of the legal representatives of John de Neuf-
ville& Son, and asked the Senate to pass upon it at
once. It was a claim, examined and adjusted at
the Tfeasury Department, the payment of which
had been long delayed.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is not deba-
table.
Mr. FOOTE. I suppose the fact may be stated
that the resolution is based upon facts ascertained
at the Treasury Department ?
The PRESIDENT. There is a resolution al-
ready reported in this case.
Mr. FOOTE. That was simply a resolution of
inquiry; this resolution is based upon the report
of the department in answer to that resolution.
Mr. CHASE. The resolution whieh the Chair
refers to was a resolution of inquiry.
The PRESIDENT. No, sir, it was not a res-
olufion of inquiry.
Mr. CHASE. It was originally a joint resolu-
tion, but, on the motion of the Senator from iowa,
[Mr Dodge,] a resolution was substituted author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to examine
and adjust the account. The Secretary of the
Treasury has examined it, and it is upon the re-
port of the First Comptroller, Mr. Whittlesey,
that thi^ resolution is based.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution can only
have its second reading by unanimous cftnsent.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object, unless some
explanation is given.
Mr. DICKINSON. I wish to know, if the
claim is a just and right one, why it should be lim-
ited to a certain sum*
The PRESIDENT. The consideration of the
resolution is objected to; it cannot therefore be
debated.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand that an explanation
is desired on the other side of the Chamoer.
Mr. CLAY. Is this business disposed of? *
The PRESIDENT. It is disposed of.
Mr. FOOTE. I do not understand that it is
disposed of. The objection of the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] is conditional, and
will be waived upon a brief explanation. If this
were not a very urgent case, 1 should not insist
upon our rights-
The PRES! DENT. You have got your rights.
Mr. CLAY. Of course if objection is made,
there can be no speech allowed.
Mr. CHASE But I do not understand the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] as
making a positive objection.
Mr. CLAY. Then, sir, I object.
At a subsequent part of the day, on motion by
Mr. CHASE, the Senate proceeded, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, to the consideration of the
joint resolution in relation to the accounts of John
de jNreufvi!le & Son.
Mr CHASER moved to amend the resolution by
striking out the words in italic and inserting those
in brackets:
"That the Secretary of theTrpa^ury be and he is hereby
directed to examine and adjust ibe accounts of John de
Neufvjlle & Son, merchant- of Amsterdam, with the
United stales, and report the result of such examination
arid adjustment to Congress soon as prutllcabie, [pa> any
balance which may be lourid to be '111-' to said firm fa the
party nr patties legally entitled to receive I In; .-ante:] Pro-
vided, That the amount to be paid shall not evceed the sum
ot eiaht thousand seven hundrtd and sixti-feven dollars
and fivty cents-, with interest from the31stday ol May.l7«,
to the t-t dav of July. IS32, at the rale of five per centum
per aunuin, deducting all payments heietotore made."
Mr. CHASE. 1 willsay a very few words in ex-
planation of this claim. A few days ago the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims reported the joint
resolution now proposed to be amended. The
Senator from Iowa [Mr Dodse] moved to lay-
that joint resolution on the lanle, and substituted
a resolution couched m the same terms, directing
the Secretary of the Treasury to examine and ad-
just this account. The Secretary of the Treasury,
in pursuance of that resolution, referred the claim
to the Fust Comptroller of the Treasury, Mr.
Whittlesey, who did examine and adjust it, and
has submitted a full report. The lesuit of that re-
port is, that he finds a sum of $8,767 60 due; but
thinks that the rate of interest should not exceed
file per cent., and that there has been a payment
of §3,000, which, he thinks, ought to be credited.
This resolution is so framed as lo allow the pay-
ment of any sum found justly due, not exceeding
the amount staled by the Comptroller, deducting
any payment made, at the rate of five percent for
a limited time, as recommended in the Comptrol-
ler's report. The claim is a revolutionary claim,
and one of the very few which remained unad-
justed when Robert Morris retired from the office
of Finance in 1784. It has been prosecuted with
all"the diligence that the circumstances would al-
low. The original claimants weie merchants in
Amsterdam, who rendered signal service to the
American Government during the war of the Rev-
olution, and sustained some losses which the reso-
lution is intended to compensate. The head of the
firm came to this country with a view to adjust
their accounts with the Government, not long atier
the treaty of 178J, and, after some unsuccessful
