1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 25,
attempts to effect a settlement, died in 1796- His
son and partner became insane, and died in the
Pennsylvania hospital, after fifteen years' confine-
ment, in ]812. A daughter of John de Neufville,
and his only child except this son, died in 1811 or
1812, leaving one daughter, who now applies to
the justice and humanity of Congress. The claim
has never been settled. It has been referred to the
proper department for examination and adjust-
ment, and now comes before us sanctioned by a
report of the First Comptroller. The resolution
now submitted is so framed as to allow no pay-
ment beyond the amount sanctioned by that re-
port, but admits of further examination and reduc-
tion of the amount if the evidence shall be found
to require'it.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 do not wish to occupy the at-
tention of the Senate long, but I can assure honor-
able Senators that had I not fully investigated this
matter months ago, and ascertained that the claim
is unquestionably an equitable claim on the Gov-
ernment, I would not have manifested the earnest-
ness I exhibited this morning. The claim is sus-
tained by many of tTffe most prominent men in the
State which 1 in part represent, and by high tes-
timonials from General Washington and others,
\i;ho were familiar wnh the whole transaction.
The resolution, as has been stated, is based upon
a report from the Treasury Department, after a
full examination of the books of that department.
I have no doubt that the claim is an equitable
one, and I have also no doubt that those inter-
ested have suffered most seriously from the long
delay on the part of Congress in doing them jus-
tice.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Like my colleague,
I shall not make a speech on this subject. I have
looked into the case, and examined the papers,
and am convinced that this is a just claim, and one
of very high merit, from the manner in which it
originated. I hope the amount found due on the
books of the Treasury, which has never been
adjusted, will now be settled.
The amendment was then agreed to, and the
resolution was reported to the Senate and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
PROPERTY OF AN ALIEN.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the petition of
Thomas Ginnatty, a foreigner, asking, to be al-
lowed to hold ceriain property, reported a bill to
authorize Thomas Ginnatty to hold and transmit
certain real estate.
This, sir, is an Irishman who has been in the
country about nine years, and within the last two
years has given notice of his intention to become a
citizen of the United States. He petitioned to be
allowed to hold a lot of land, and to hold it so as
to be_transmissible. This bill is to grant him that
privilege. I hope it will pass, as it is important
to him, and there can be no kind of objection to it.
The bill was read a first time and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the Senate will pass the
bill at once.
The bill was read a second time, considered by
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCEfrom the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred House bill No. 331, being
the act making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and fulfilling treaty stipulations with Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30,1851, reported back
the same with sundry amendments, which were
ordered to be printed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill-from the House No. 235, being the act
making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending 30th June, 1851, was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
MAIL STEAMERS.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate laid before the
body a communication from the Postmaster Gen-
eral, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 28th August last, calling for certain
information in relation to the several lines of ocean
steamers in the mail service of the United States;
such as, how each line has fulfilled the contract
entered into with the United States, how many
ships are in the service of each line, and how many
does each contract require; how much money has
been paid to each line, and how much remains to
be paid; what has been the aggregate of postage
received from each line, and what tbe annual
amount realized from each; whether the mails have
been regularly and safely transported and delivered
&c., according to the requirements of law and the
instructions of the department. The Postmaster
General states:
That he is not aware of any particular instance
in which the Collins line, on the route from New
York to Liverpool, have failed to fulfill their con-
tract as the same was modified under the act of
March 3,1849. That he does not know any non-
fulfillment on the part of the Charleston and Ha-
vana line; that it is understood in the department
that the two ships first placed on the Southamp-
ton and Bremen line (which are the pioneers of
the American mail steam packets) are not quite
equal to the speed promised, but that the third and
fourth ships, which are to run on the Havre
branch, are expected to come up fully to their en-
gagements, the fourth ship not being yet com-
pleted. That there was the loss of one trip each
way on the Panama and Oregon line at the com-
mencement of the service, in consequence of the
desertion of the first ship at San Francisco by th
entire crew, and does not learn of any other cases
in which that line was in default. That there are
three ships on the Bremen and Havre line, and
that four are required; one on the Charleston and
Havana line, which is all that is necessary there;
and three in the New York and Chagres line, one
of which has been accepted by the Secretary of
the Navy, and one ready for acceptance except
coppering. The full number in the contract is
five, in the Panama and Oregon line there are
three accepted into the service, and five runnin
on the line. The number specified in the contract
is to be not less than three. In the Collins line
between New York and Liverpool there are two
ships in service, and five is the full number pro-
vided for in the contract.
The communication was read and ordered to be
printed.
EVENING AND EXECUTIVE SESSIONS.
On the motion of Mr. HALE, it was resolved
that this day, and each day hereafter, at four
o'clock, in the afternoon, the Senate will take a
recess till six o'clock, for the purpose of going
into the consideration of Executive business until
the business of the Executive calendar shall be
disposed of.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
The followine resolution, submitted by Mr.
Benton on the 23d instant, was read a third time
and passed:
" Rflsoiccrf, That there bp allowed and paid to Jacob Rod-
son llie same extra compensation that was paid to the la
borers at the last session of Congress; and that there tie
paid to Henry Dodson, an extra laborer, the sum of fifty
dollars."
MEXICAN INDEMNITY BILL.
Mr. DICKINSON. I gave notice vesterday
morning that I should to-day ask the Senate to
take up the Mexican Indemnity bill, which is spe-
cially asked for by the Administration. It was
pot in the civil and diolomatic aporopriation bill,
but by a rule of the House, which prevents their
appropriating money to fulfill a treaty in such a
bill, it was put in a bill by itself. I move that it
be now taken up.
Mr. HALE. I hope that bill will not be taken
up. By the terms of the treaty the money will
not be due until the first of June next, and we
shall have an intervening session, and there are
other important bills requiring immediate action,
! without anticipating the wants of the Government
for some months.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is true the money is not
to be paid now, but in order to give the Govern-
ment the benefit of such premium as they can get,
the money ought to be appropriated now. Most
of the money appropriated in these biils is not to
be used for nearly a year. This money i3 to"be used
during the fiscal year, and that is the reason why
it is to be appropriated. It is to fulfill an important
foreign treaty. I know there is a scuffle going on
about it out of doors, but I propose to have no
hand in it. I want to give the Administration the
money, and let them dtspose of it in the best way
they can, and hold them responsible for it. I hope
it will be taken up and the appropriation made.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope the bill will be taken
up. This money, it will be recollected, is pay-
able in the city of Mexico on the 20th May
next, I believe. Now, unles-s some provision is
made, the Secretary of the Treasury will have to
make his arrangements for placing that money in
the city of Mexico, which is a difficult matter;
but if the money is placed now at the disposal of
the Administration, they can make their arrange-
ments in the best and most convenient manner.
I hope the bill wi.l be taken up.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and after a debate of two hours duration, which
will be published in the Appendix, the bill was *
LEGISLATION FOR CALIFORNIA.
On a previous day, on the motion of Mr. FRE-
MONT, the bills relating to California were made
the special orders for this day, and the Senate
therefore proceeded, a$ in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the " bill to make
temporary provision for the working and discov-
ery of gold mines and placers in California, and
preserving order in the gold mine districts."
Upon this a debate ensued which continued un-
til four o'clock, [see Appendix,] when the Presi-
dent announced the arrival of the hour fixed by
resolution for recess.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock, and
procceeded with closed doors to the consideration
of Executive business. At a late hour,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, September 25, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when—
Mr. ASHMUN rose and said, that it was very
long, and would occupy probably half an hour in
the reading. He moved, therefore, that the fur-
ther reading be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER said, unanimous consent would
be required.
Objection was made.
Mr. STANLY made a remark not heard on the
left of the Chair, but, casting his eyes round as if
directing attention to the unoccupied seats, it ap-
peared as if he might be saying that it would ba
better that the Journal should be read so as to
qjlow members an opportunity to come in.
Mr. ASHMUN moved a suspension of the
rules.
The SPEAKER put the question, and said that
evidently two thirds were not voting in the affirm-
ative.
A count was called for.
The SPEAKER suggested that time would be
saved by allowing the Journal to be read.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading;
which, having been concluded—
The Journal was approved.
Mr. BEALE asked and obtained the unanimous
consent of the House to withdraw from the files of
the House the papers in the case of , to
be presented to one of the Executive Departments.
Mr. WATKINS rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate bill to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Robert L. Blair, had yesterday-
been referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He (Mr. W.) had assented to that reference, but
upon information received from the chairman of
i the committee that it was not probable that he
i could get the committee together, he (Mr. W.)
| moved to reconsider the vote, with a view, if that
i motion should prevail, to move that the bill be put
i upon its passage.
I Mr. HALL railed for the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before
. the House. The Chair has sent for it.
I Mr. BURT. As the rules were suspended
i yesterday for a special purpose, I desire to be in-
! formed by the Speaker whether it is m order to
! proceed to any other business except by unani-
i mous consent. .
I The SPEAKER. 1 he motion to reconsider is
! in order. It is a privileged motion at any time, not-
' withstanding the rules may have been suspended.
But the Chair will suggest to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Watkins,] that, as the bill is not
now before the House, the motion to reconsider
can be entered upon the Journal, and called up at
