1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1961
any time when the papers shall be in possession
of the House.
Mr. WATKINS having accepted the suggestion
of the Speaker—
The motion was entered on the Journal.
Mr. BURT. I must advertise the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Watkins] that I shall feel it
my duty to oppose his motion.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, asked and ob-
tained the* unanimous consent of the House to
withdraw from the files the papers of Samuel Reed,
with a view to their reference to the Pension Bu-
reau.
Mr. HAMILTON asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files the
papers of Samuel Bell.
Objection was made.
Mr. BISSELL. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. BOWLIN, (to the Speaker.) Is the regu-
lar order of business the call of the committees for
reports ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The House is
acting under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BISSELL. I insist on the regular order of
business.
THE INDIGENT INSANE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness, under the suspension of the rules, is the bill
reported by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Bissell,] from the select committee, and which
was under consideration yesterday, making a grant
of lands to the several States of the Union for the
support of indigent insane persons.
The question was on the engrossment of the bill,
and upon this question the previous question had
yesterday been demanded.
The question, " fs there a second to the demand
for the previous question?" was now taken, and
the vote stood—ayes 55, noes 67.
Mr. WALDO called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Feather-
ston and Ashmun were appointed.
The question was again taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 48, noes 78.
So there was not a second.
Mr. JONES moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole On the state of the
Union, and on that motion he demanded the previ-
ous question.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, suggested to the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to allow
the special order to execute itself.
* Mr. JONES insisted on his motion.
The question was then taken, and there was a
Becond to the demand for the previous question.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken; [which main question was on the reference
of the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.]
Mr. STANLY called for the yeas and nays on
the main question.
Twenty members only rose in favor of the de-
mand.
Mr. STANLY called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were refused. So the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Jones, and the bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
COMMISSARIAT OF UNITED STATES ARMY.
The next bill was the Senate bill No. 126, to
increase the commissariat of the United States
army.
The question was on ordering the bill to a third
reading.
Mr. &URT addressed the Chair, and was rec-
ognized.
The bill was read.
Mr. BURT. I have no intention of detaining
the House this morning with any remarks on this
bill.
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The gentle-
man will suspend his remarks until order is re-
stored. The Chair would appeal to the House at
this stage of the session to preserve order. He
states to the House that the public business will
not be considered until order is restored.
A pause ensued.
Mr. BURT. I have only to say to the House
that the bill is absolutely necessary. It is ren-
dered so by the acquisition of California, Oregon,
New Mexico, and Texas, k is recommended and
earnestly insisted on by the Commissary General
of Subsistence; it is recommended by the Secre-
tary of War; and the Committee on Military Af-
fairs know it to be necessary. I shall say no
more to the House. If any gentleman wishes to
ask a question, I am ready to answer it.
I will state, at the suggestion of a gentleman
near me, that the bijl does not increase the officers
of the army. These four commissaries are to be
taken from the line of the army. Four officers of
the army have been detailed for the duties sought
to be provided for in this bill. I offer this amend-
ment, arid it is my intention to move the previous
question:
" See. 2. JJnd he it further enacted^ That the senior aid-de-
camp of the major general commanding th« army mav be
taken from the captains or majors of the army, and Miall
be allowed the pay and emoluments of a major of cavalry."
I have a word to say, and but a word, in rela-
tion to that amendment. I desire to be permitted
by the House to say to them one word. It is a
provision for General Scott. , The two aids who
accompanied him in the war in Mexico must be
taken from him, unless this amendment be made.
One of these aids—his senior aid, by his promo-
tion for his gallant and admirable conduct in Mex-
ico—must necessarily leave him. This amend-
ment seeks to retain for Major General Scott the
other aid, Major Williams. The law requires
that the aids of the major general are to be taken
from the lieutenants of thearmy. This is to allow
him to take his senior aid from the captains; so that
his junior aid will still be taken from the lieuten-
ants. I move the previous question.
Mr. CARTTER addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
South Carolina withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. BURT. To answer a question.
Mr. CARTTER. All I wish to inquire is,
whether this change increases the pay of these
officers ?
Mr. BURT. Very slightly—very slightly. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
And the main question was ordered, being first
on agreeing to the amendment of Mr. Burt.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Th bill was then ordered to a third reading.
And having; been read a third time—
Mr. BURT moved the previous question on its
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in th§ af-
firmative.
So the bill was passed
Mr. BURT moved to reconsider the vote and to
lay that motion on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
GRANT OF LAND TO MISSOURI.
The next bill in order was the bill of the House
to grant to the State of Missouri a right of way
and a portion of the public land for the purpose of
aiding; in making; a railroad from St. Louis to the
western limits of said State.
The SPEAKER stated that this bill had been
sent to the printer, and had not yet been returned.
It could not, therefore, now be considered.
SECURITY FOR STEAMBOAT TRAVELERS.
The bill of the House to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," was then taken up,
the question being on its engrossment.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, chairman of the i
Committee on Commerce, moved several immate- i
rial amendments, which were agreed to; among
which was an amendment striking out the eighth ;
section, prohibiting the use of high-pressure boats; j
and one providing that this act shall take effect!
from and after the 1st day of April, 1851. j
Mr. McL. I propose to state to the House ;
that this bill was framed upon consultation with |
the owners afid captains of steamboats. I pro- 1
pose to ask the previous question, unless some
gentleman wishes to make an inquiry.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, (Mr. MeL. yielding,)
said he wished to know what would be the effect
of this hill on the steamboats on the Tennessee
river? There were nine steamboats on that river,
above the Muscle Shoals. It was impossibleffor
them to get out every six months to undergo the
tests prescribed by this bill; and if they were re-
quired to do so, they might as well abolish steam
navigation on that river entirely.
Mr. McLANE stated that a perusal of the bill
would show that its provisions were not intended
to apply to the steamboats plying on our internal
waters, except under the discretion of the collector
or executive administrator.
He concluded by demanding the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded.
And the main question was ordered—being on
ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. MARSHALL said, this was a bill of im-
portance. He hoped it would not be pressed
through without a moment's deliberation.
The SPEAKER announced the question, "Shall
the bill be read a third time
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask for tellers on the
second for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. It is too late. The previous
question has been seconded and the main question
has been ordered. . .
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the previous question was
ordered.
Mr. McLANE. With all respect to my friend
from Kentucky, I move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the motion of Mr. Marshall to reconsider
was laid on the table.
The question recurred, and was taken, on the
question, " Shall the bill be ordered to a third
reading?" and was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. McLANE moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The* previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. McLANE moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay that motion on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
* Mr. ANDREWS rose to a privileged question,
and stated that he had yesterday voted in the neg-
ative upon the motion of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Thompson] to lay on the table the
appeal of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Ashmun,] but his name was not recorded. He
now asked that the Journal be corrected by enter-
ing his vote.
No objection being made,
The Journal was ordered to be corrected.
ARMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY moved th§t the rutes be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the the state of the Union,
for the consideration of the special order, the
army appropriation bill.
The motion was put, and agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Strong in the chair.)
The CHAIR. The business first in order be-
fore the committee is the bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the army for tHe fiscal year
ending June 30th, 1851, and the Chair directs the
Clerk to read the bill.
Mr. JONES suggested that the first reading of
the bill should be dispensed with, and that it be
read by sections.
Ordered accordingly.
And the bill was read by sections.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to insert
in the bill the following proviso:
"Provided, That eighteen thousand tight hundred dollars
of said sum shall be expended in the erection of a guaid-
house, powder magazine, repair and enlargement of the
barracks, the constiuctton of eulveitsand the grading
or the side and parade grounds, and the construction of a
stone wall on the Licking river si« e, tor the protection and
pieseivatton of the public property, at the military post at
Newport, in the State of Kentucky."
Mr, STANTON, of Kentucky, said: The par-
agraph proposed to be amended, contains an ap-
propriation of four hundred and thirty thousand
dollars for the enlargement and repair of barracks,
and other purposes. The amendment which I
