868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
the railroad projected is some ei^hI or nine hundred
miles in length; about four hundred and fifty miles,
perhaps, in Alabama and Mississippi, and four
hundred and fifty in Illinois, or t^ree hundred in
Alabama and Mississippi, and one hundred and
twenty or thirty in Kentucky and Tennessee
together. Now, sir, this is agreatand magnificent
work. I think it will not only redound to the ad-
vantage and benefit of the States of Illinois, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, Tennessee, and Kentucky, but
to that of every other State in the Union. This
sentiment was once well and forcibly expressed by
a very eminent gentleman who represented New
York some twenty-odd years ago, when this sub-
ject was attracting some attention in Congress.
There was a debate in the House in regard to a
number of improvements, the question being
whether the members of one section of States
should support improvements wherever projected
in other sections. The gentleman to whom I have
referred said, w ith great truth and sagacity, al though
the remark applied more especially to his own
State than to any other, that there could not beany
improvements, however magnificent, or however
small, whether a canal or a macadamised road, or
what not, constructed in any State, North, South,
East, or West, which the city and State of New
York would not feel the benefit of, either directly
or indirectly; and so of every other great point of
commercial and social intercourse. It is un-
doubtedly true, that works and improvements, even
of the most limited extent, contribute imperceptibly
to swell the tide of general prosperity. But, as I
said before, this work is of a more gigantic kind;
it proposes to afford the means of intercourse at all
seasons of the year, between the inhabitants on
the line of the lakes and the Gulf of Mexico, and
for the interchange of productions between the two
sections, by an overland route. True, there are
the great rivers—the Illinois and Mississippi; but
are we able to transport productions at all seasons,
with safety, to Mobile or New,Orleans. There is
a considerable portion of the year during which
the Illinois river is frozen up, and there is another
season at which the Mississippi is not only very
inconvenient for navigation, and unpleasent for
travel, but during which it is absolutely dangerous;
not only perilous to the lives of the passengers, but
also to the property which is attempted to be
transported; so that, while on one side the ice ob-
structs the intercourse in the north, there is a rela-
tive season at the south where low water obstructs
it. This great work proposes to construct a mode
of communication, social and commercial, between
the extensive, rich, and still growing country in
the Northwest and the Gulf of Mexico, and the
cities and population there, open at ail seasons of
the year—winter as well as summer.
But, Mr. President, in order to make this grand
chain of communication complete, Illinois ought
not to limit her liberality to Alabama and Missis-
sippi, and to terminate this road on the southern
border of Tennessee. There will be an essential
link of one hundred and thirty-odd miles left un-
connected, which will destroy this idea of the gen-
eral utility and magnificence of this connecting line
of communication at all seasons of the year. Why
not make a proposition to include Kentucky and
Tennessee? I believe that the road through Ten-
nessee is only for some twenty or thirty miles, so
that there will be a link wanting of one hundred
and twenty miles to complete this magnificent
work—this connection between the Gulf~and the
Lakes. Now, Mr. President, the design with
which I rose yesterday evening was to make a
proposition which would make this work really i
what it ought to be, and what it must be when
"complete, and that is, to extend the munificence of
the Government towards this work into Kentucky
and Tennessee; for I am fearful—having some
knowledge of the country through which this road
is to pass—that there will not be private resources
or commercial capital sufficient to carry it on. In
Kentucky the settlement is sparse, the improve-
ments few, and there is but little trade and com-
merce, the population being chiefly small farmers
and planters. True, in the southern part of Ten-
nessee the farmers and planters are rich, but there
is little or 110 surplus capital, so that, without the
munificence of the Government, and some appro-
priation, I much fear that this grand and magnificent
idea would fail to be carried out.
Now, what I propose is, that this bill should be
amended, (and it cannot be done without recasting
the bill altogether,) and that an appropriation of
the net proceeds of public lands lying in Alabama,
Mississippi, and Illinois, equal to the proportion
of this whole line of road, shall be vested in the
States of Kentucky and Tennessee, to be by them
applied to the construction of the link in this great
chain of communication between the North and
South that lies in these States. And if gentlemen
see that there is no probability of the road being
constructed without the liberal aid of Government,
mueh less will this link be provided without some
aid from Government. I do not propose that there
shall be an appropriation of money, but that they
shall have their full proportion of the net pro-
ceeds of the public lands alike in Illinois, Alabama,
and Mississippi. Itwill be buta small proportion,
and they will reap full advantage in the comple-
tion of this great line, and contribute to swell the
tide of trade and travel on a road lying through
those States. Without it the road will be defec-
tive, and will not supply the purpose of having
a communication, at all seasons of the year, alike
unobstructed by the ice in the north and by low
water in the south. M-y proposition is, to recom-
mit the bill with instructions to the committee so
to amend it as to answer the purposes I have sug-
gested.
Now, sir, gentlemen will say that these lands
do not lie in Kentucky and Tennessee. True;
but the principle on which the bill proceeds is not
that Illinois receives the lands for her own use and
benefit alone, or by any exclusive right to them.
So of Alabama and Mississippi; they do not set
up a claim so selfish as that. It must be remem-
bered that the magnificent domain of the North-
west was ceded originally as a pledge for the pay-
mentof the national debt, and then for the common
benefit of all the States.
It was well remarked by the distinguished Sen-
ator from Kentucky yesterday, that in the admin-
istration of trusts like these we mustnot be limited
to the ideas belonging to a court of judicature;
there must be some analogy, but the trust must
be liberally administered; and he used the argu-
ment that all these improvements contribute to the
general advantage of the whole country. There
must, of course, be some limitation to the phrase-
ology that these lands should be used for the ben-
efit of" all the States." It meant, of course, that
it should be as general as possible, and that there
should be no partial or local appropriation of the
benefits of it. We cannot by the application di-
rectly to all the States of the Union make it sti ictly
in compliance with the letter of the donation, but
we can advance towaid it and approximate to it. I
Here are two small States lying between Missis-
sippi and Alabama on the one side and Illinois on
the other, which were entirely dowerless, „s they |
had no more public lands than would pay the ex-
penses of litigation about the titles. These two
dowerless sisters lie between two tiers of sisters,
on the north and south, which have been richly
supplied, and which leceived on iheir admission
into the Union, on the plan in which this Govern-
ment has been in the habit of giving to the young
States in the West, not only a partial appropriation
of this description, but some three percent, and
others five per cent, appropriated to educational
purposes and the construction of roads from the
Atlantic to these States. The decision upon this
proposition will test the principle whether the ap-
propriation is intended to be made for local or for
general purposes and benefits.
1 will say nothing more, Mr. President, except
to present my proposition to the Chair. I expect
to support the measure, whatever may be the de-
cision of the Senate upon my amendment. I do
think, however, that a strong case has been made
out, and 1 cannot see how my gallant friend from
Illinois [Mr. Shields] can resist it, either on the
score of justice, or of the general benefits and ad-
vantages which the road, if completed, would con-
fer. As I a said before, it is probable that the
work will not be constructed through Tennessee
and Kentucky unless an appropriation of this kind I
is made. <
The amendment was read, as follows:
" Wiih instructions so to amend the bill that a proportion
of the net proceeds of the lands mven to the Knte nl l11:
nok and to the States 0. AlabamS and M," L, sl°l| be
secured to the States of Tfnnp«s.f.o aiI be
ecured to the States of Tennessee and Kentucky reject
ively, equal to Hie proportion of the entire Ime of thi rwl
road proposed to be constructed from the southern termin =
of the Illinois and Michigan canal to the cityof Motale
which passes through each of the two latter States to be
applied bv them to the construction of the seetions or di-
viMuns of the road within their respective jurisdictions."
Mr. ICING. I regret extremely that the Sena-
tor from Tennessee should have made a proposi-
tion calculated not only greatly to embarrass, but
I will say to him no doubt ultimately calculated to
defeat this bill, if his amendment should prevail.
It is raising the old issue, and bringing forward
questions upon which gentlemen differ in regard to
the distribution of the public lands among the
States. Now, while I am disposed to do everything
that I can do, properly and constitutionally, to aid
either Tennessee, Kentucky, or any other State in
the construction of works of this character, I must
say to the gentleman that I think he ought to be the
last to bring forward a proposition to embarrass a
work hemtmits to be of such great importance,
when he reflects upon the great benefits the State
of Tennessee has received from the extinguish-
ment of the Indian title to her public domain with-
in her limits, all of which was given to her with-
out her ever paying a dollar for it. I believe I am
strictly correct in this statement; if not, I will
cheerfully listen to any explanation the Senator
from Tennessee may have to offer.
Mr. BELL. I deny that the State of Tennessee
has received any great benefit therefrom. I stated
before that I believed thatall the refuse lands which
had been ceded by Congress to Tennessee, would
not defray the expenses arising under the litigation
in regard to land titles. The appropriation made
by Congress entirely inured to the benefit of the
grantees under North Carolina, Tennessee deriving
no benefit. These were grants to the soldiers and
officers of the Revolution, made by North Carolina
whilst she was the owner of those lands. I be-
lieve my colleague will bear me out in this remark.
I do not remember the precise amount, but I be-
lieve the whole have not paid the expenses of lit-
igation in investigating the titles under grants from
North Carolina. If there has been any advantage
of any moment, or worth consideiation, granted
by this Government to Tennessee, by any relin-
quishment of refuse lands held by the Federal
Government in Tennessee, I am not advised of it.
There was an appropriation by agreement, be-
tween North Carolina and Tennessee, of certain
lands occupied by the Cherokee Indians, and to a
portion of which the Indian title was not extin-
guished. With that Congress had nothing to do,
except to assent to that compact, without which
North Carolina could not have ceded her right to
that domain. The land granted to Tennessee by
Congiess was all refuse land, which, I undertake
to say, has not paid the expenses of litigation, as
ascertained by private title^held by the officers
and soldiers of the Revolutim, and by private pur-
chasers, and was located in a country which, at
the time, was exposed to all the perils of an In-
dian war.
Mr. TURNEY. I desire to add one word, if
the Senator will allow me, in regard to these pub-
lic lands. They have not even been worth the
sections given to other States for school purposes.
Most of the lands were previously appropriated
by North Carolina, and the grant from Congress,
I repeat, did not furnish to the State even the
sections given to other States for school purposes.
All the lands that have been ceded by the General
Government to Tennessee, would not equal that
amount.
Mr. KING. Iam a little amused that my friend
should say that Tennessee did not get even the
sixteenth sections of these public lands. She got,
however, the thirty-six sections.- She got all there
was, and we had nothing left. The State of North
Caiolina, of which Tennessee constituted a part,
when she ceded that State to the General Govern-
ment, ceded the public lands under certain condi-
tions. The State of Tennessee, or rather of North
Carolina, of which Tennessee then constituted a
part, through the Legislature, gave to the officers
and soldiers of the Revolution certain lands, there
to be located. They were located there for the
benefit of her own citizens, and the residue of the
lands were granted to the State of Tennessee.
Whether they were refuse or not, that State got
all—all there was. We extinguished the Indian
title to the Cherokee country, and they got all 
the sections for school purposes and all. If they
had not been profitable to the State, we are not to
be held responsible for it, much as we may regret it.
It has been frequently the case that the States have
not properly applied the grants which have been
