870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
I call the attention of the Senate, and especially
of the Senator from Illinois, who advocates tins
bill, to the various propositions now before the
Senate, proposing a disposition of the public lands;
and I should like to have some system adopted in
regard to this matter, so that I might understand,
before I vote on this bill, what is finally to be the
disposition of the public lands. We have before
the Senate /he proposition of the Senator from
Illinois himself to donate and give away all the
public lands of the United States to actual settlers.
That proposition includes all the lands in the State
of Illinois. We have als<? a proposition from the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts to give
away, under conditions, the public lands. We
have also the proposition of the Senator from
£few,York to give away the public lands to our
foreign settlers, I believe, as they come here.
Mr. SEWARD. Not to our foreign citizens,
btit to those refugees who have failed in attempt-
ing to establish republican governments in Europe,
and have therefore been obliged to seek an asylum
in this country.
Mr. MILLER. I understand the Senator, then,
to confine his donation to those who failed to es-
tablish liberty in Europe, and who come here to
seek it established already at their hands. Now,
sir, if either one of these propositions receive the
favor of tbe Senate, this bill, so eloquently advo-
cated here by the Senator from Illinois, will be
nothing more than a mere deception upon the
people of Illinois; for we are to reserve alternate
sections of land, and they are to receive the bal-
ance, and the moment they commence their work
the United States comes into the market and de-
clares that it will give away the share of the pub-
lic lands reserved to it. 1 should like to know,
in that case, what the reserved rights of Illinois
would amount to ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can ohly say that the peo-
ple of Illinois would like very much to be deceived
in that way.
Mr. MILLER. I understand, then, the Sena-
tor himself, and his people, to be in favor of giving
away the public lands to actual settlers. Now,
sir, I am for applying these public lands to
some great national purpose; either for building
these railroads, which 1 consider to be national
highways, or for clearing out our rivers and har-
" bora, or, as has been proposed here, to apply a
part of them for the purposes of education through-
out the United States, or for the purpose of encour-
aging agriculture, or for the purpose of removing,
as has already been proposed, that class of colored
people in the United States outlawed here, back
again to their native lands. All these great pro-
jects are now presented, either by resolution or
petition, before Congress,; and it becomes a ques-
tion whether, before voting on this bill, we should
not establish some policy with regard to the dis-
position of the public lands. This is not the only
bill proposing a similar disposition of these lands.
I understand that there are foui or five others of
the same character; and before I vote on this mat-
ter I should like to see some expression of the
Senate with regard to the final disposiiion of these
tends. The truth is, that ever since Congress or
the people disregarded the great,and equal, and no-
ble proposition made by the Senator from Kentucky
IMr. Clay,] for the equitable distribution of the
public lands among the various States of the Union
for great national purposes, there has been a con-
tinual yearly application here to apply the public
lands—not to the States equally—but to the States
in which they happen to lie.
Now, I am willing to apply these lands equally
>iMn  all the States, or to any one State, provided
that State possess the arena, where they can be
applied for the benefit and advantage of the whole
people of the United States. I therefore hope that
this bill may, under the proposition of the Senator
from Tennessee, b&aeferred back to the committee;
and 1 would also call the attention of the commit-
tee to the various propositions already submitted
in regard to the public lands. Let us have some
system in regard to them. This road is under-
stood to be one of fifteen hundied miles in length,
running almost parallel to the Missouri; and, from
the information before me, I cannot see that it will
afford any great facility hereafter in carrying
freight, or for any other great national purpose,
over the cheaper water communication of the great
Mississippi river. We need information on this
point also. We have also another fi^pjefore us
which should not be lost sight of. The great na-
tional highway from the Atlantic to the Pacific—
the Western road—is proposed to be constructed, j
Well, sir, if that road is ever to be built, 1 presume |
it is to be with the assistance of grants of the pub- j
lie lands. It undoubtedly will be a great national j
work'; and I hope that within a few years its com- i
pletion may be accomplished. All these projects j
are now before Congress; and, therefore, I cannot ,
vote at this time for a measure in itself so partial (
in its application, and which may lead to conse- |
quences calculated to perplex us hereafter.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. I do not agveq at
all with the Senatorfrom New Jersey in his opin-
ion as to the utility of this road. It has all the
characteristics of a useful public highway, because
it is constantly changing the latitude and therefore
the products through which it passes. Running
from Lake Michigan, it crosses the Ohio at its
junction with the Mississippi, and then diverges
from the Mississippi, passing to the valley of the
Tombigbee and Alabama rivers. I would say to
the Senatorfrom New Jersey, that, whilst I agree
with him that it is impossible to build a road on
the banks of the Mississippi which could success-
fully compete with that river, still a very slight de-
viation from it will perhaps render this road pro-
fitable. I do not pretend to say how profitable.
That, however, is a question which those who in-
vest their money in such improvements generally
examine more closely and decide more accurately
than we can.
I think the proposition of the Senator from Ten-
nessee legitimately flows from one feature in this
bill, that which grants land remote from the road,
where there is none adjacent. It is a new feature—
one never before incorporated in any bill of the
kind which I have voted for, and for which I will
not consent to vote. If we grant land other than
that through which the road is constructed, for
the purposes of the road, I see no reason why we
should not grant it to. aid interna! improvements
in other States. Nor do I see, in either aspect,
any difference between thus granting land or taking
money from the treasury to build these works.
There is a great distinction between this proposition
and one which confines the grant to the land through
which the road passes. It is, first, a distinction
of principle; for, whilst I deny the power of the
Government to appropriate public money for these
improvements, it must be conceded the power to
dispose of the public lands with certain conditions
growing out of the nature of the trust, is fully con-
ferred. For instance, if these lands are unsold or
not taken up, we can, by granting a portion of
them, construct a road which will bring the ad-
joining lands into market, asa mean proper to exe-
cute the trust, to dispose of the public domain for
the common benefit of the States. We gain, first,
something to the treasury by the sale of lands,
which would otherwise be unsaleable, and we gain
far more than what is received for the lands, m the
revenue which will constantly flow into the treas-
ury, when the lands are occupied and cultivated,
by the increased demand for the imports upon
which the revenue is raised. This is a reason for
granting land which I recognize as within our power
and duty as trustee for its disposal. This is the '
great difference in principle, between a grant of
land connected with and remote from the road to
be constructed. It carries also two limitations with
it. First, it is limited to such grants as are made
at the time the lands are unsettled, and in the for-
est state It carries a limitation with it then as to
time; and by restricting the grant to the land
through which the road passes, it carries a limita-
tion as to space. These two restrictions remove
from such grants a great many objections which
apply to a general appropriation of land or of mo-
ney from the treasury; the two last being, to my
mind, equivalent, so far as the question of power
is involved. I therefore consider that the Senator
from Tennessee draws his proposition legitimately
from the provision in the bill to which 1 have re-
ferred. Both go beyond what 1 consider expedi-
ent or constitutional, and against both, therefore,
1 shall vote, whatever else may depend upon it.
So much of this amended bill as is found from line
sixteen, after the word "practicable," down to
the word "provided" in the twenty-sixth line,
includes the feature of a floating grant, giving the
right to go elsewhere than along the road uTfind '
the land to build the road, and therefore presents >
at once the idea that a thickly-settled country may w
; call for grants of land, for the purpose of building
1 roads, where the capital of the people is sufficient
I to build them, where the grant has no proper con-
t nection with the disposal of the public domain, and
; cannot be expected to bring to the common fund a
1 remunerating result. Such a grant would be equiv-
alent to an appropriation from the treasury. So far
as I have supported any of these grants, it has been
by placing the Federal Government in the condition
of a proprietor of forest lands. An individual so
circumstanced would, at least could very well grant
asmall portion of them to some one who would cut
i a road, so as to facilitate examination, invite emi-
I gration to them, and bring them into market. From
aparity of reasoning, the Federal Government may
grant land to build a road through its unsettled do-
main, with a view of bringing it into the market,
or rendering' it saleable. This is the principle by
which I have been governed, and which will guide
rtfe in my vote upon this bill. If in order, I move
to amend this bill by striking out the clause to
which I have referred, so as to leave the bill a sim-
ple grant of alternate sections of land along the
line of road.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will not be in order while the proposition of the
Senator from Tennessee is pending.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I thought the
Senator had abandoned hi3 proposition.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, I wish to offer
an amendment, to test the liberality of our friends,
^ in a manner somewhat more latitudinarian even
than the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Tennessee. I have been in the habit of voting
very liberally with reference to the appropriations
of the public lands to public purposes, having no
conscientious scruples upon that subject, believing
myself that these public lands are the property of
the country, and that the country has a right to
dispose of them in such manner as will best sub-
serve its public interests. I have, therefore, with-
out scruple, on many occasions, voted for appro-
priations of the pubhic lands to the different States
for useful public purposes; I am willing to do so
here.
But the application now before the Senate goes
to a point a little beyond my liberality, unless I
find that the Senate are willing to go a little further
yet. You have resolved, by a vote of yesterday,
to give to the State of Illinois a strip of the public
lands four hundred miles long and six miles wide;
and when the public lands are not to be found on the
line of the road, you allow them to make selections
elsewhere throughout the State; that is, if any of
' the alternate sections alons^he line of the road are
' 3old, you allow them to^o to the other public
lands in that State to select other land m lieu
i! thereof. Now, I am strongly inclined to think that
j after you have located nearly sixteen hundred thou-
; sand acres of good public land in that State, there
\ will not be a great deal more left to be located.
'! Mr. DOUGLAS. The report will show that
there are fourteen millions nine hundred and odd
, thousand acres of land unsold in the State of Illi-
| nois, so that the Senator will perceive that there
aie about fifteen millions of acres of land vacant in
i that State.
Mr. DAYTON. 1 was not speakingof the large
amount of lands still vacant, but I acted, in some
degree, on the assumption of statements made here,
that the vast amount of land on the line of this road
is not susceptible of cultivation. Here, then, are
some sixteen millions already located, and we are
to suppose that they constitute the best cultivated
—or, if I may coin a word, the improvable or cul-
tivatable—part of the lands in the State. You are
: now to take about sixteen hundred thousand acres
of the best remaining lands in the State, and then I
ask you how much more valuable public hind will
be left in that S'ate?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator is under a mis-
appiehension m regard to the bill. It only pro-
poses to grant the alternate sections, and, jf any
part is sold^then to select other contiguous lanes.
Mr. DA\TOiN. Of couise 1 have not over-
looked that, and if the Senator had tarried for a
moment, he would have found that I had not over-
looked so obvious a feature of the bill, ) know-
that, so far as these lands he along the route, they
must be taken, good and b;,d, as "you find thein.
L ut it seems to rne that, as soon as you get be-
yond the line of the road, to take these contiguous
outside sections, they will pick out the best lands.
Thus much in reference to the State of Illinois
