1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1965
in such a comprehensive form it ought to em-
brace all. The New York troops were not inclu-
ded, And also the Mormons, who were regarded
as in the way when they first entered Mexico,
were afterwards found to be useful, and were lo-
cated in a permanent settlement. They ought also
to be embraced.
Mr. BURT saw no sufficient reason for the op-
position exhibited by his friend from Illinois. He
would ask^his friend why, unless certain regiments
from Kentucky, Illinois, and Indiana, are to be
preferred to all others, why he opposed the amend-
ment? The amendment he had sent to the table
embraced the principle which had been decided by
the Attorney General, and the principle contained
*in the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky 
Mr. MARSHALL was understood to ask, if
the amendment of the gentleman from South Car-
olina prevailed, what was to prevent the Paymas-
ter General from selecting the route complained
of?
Mr. BURT said that his amendment provides
that the distance shall be computed by the usually
traveled route.
Mr. MARSHALL asked if the computation for
the regular army was not by the usually traveled
route, and if this was not the mail route?
Mr. BURT said, that in relation to the route he
found the gentleman from Kentucky was mistaken
in his statement, that this usually traveled route
was defined by the law. The military regulations
require that officers shall travel by the direct
route. The computations of the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury and of the Pay Department
are in conflict. The Pay Department computes
according to the most direct route: and this was the
principle which he desired to have applied to all.
He was not disposed to make fish of one and flesh
of the other.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, said that
neither the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina nor that of the gentleman from
Kentucky embraced those who were discharged at
New Orleans at the conclusioa of the war. His
(Mr. C.'s) amendment was to cover these.
Mr. BURT insisted that the gentleman from
Kentucky was mistaken.
Mr. CALDWELL expressed a wish to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from South Car-
olina.
The CHAIR decided that the motion was not in
order.
Mr. CALDWELL asked if there would be any
period when the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina could be amended ?
The CHAIR said, it might after the question
had been taken, if the amendment of the gentle-
man from South Carolina to the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. CALDWELL said he would offer it then.
Mr. GORMAN said there were no other troops
but those he had named which had received short
mileage. Every other class of volunteer troops
after the battle of Buena Vista, were sent home.
What troops were those which received short
mileage? There was one regiment from Massa-
chusetts, the second regiment not being out there
until the last year; one regiment from Arkansas;
one regiment from Tennessee; one regiment from
Missouri; four regiments from Illinois; three regi-
ments from Kentucky; three regiments from In-
diana; and three regiments from Ohio. That was
the whole of the troops in the line with General
Taylor during the first year. There were no other
troops which received short mileage. There is no
need, then, for all these amendments. All the other
troops were sent home.
Mr. BURT said it was his impression that the
South Carolina regiment was one of them. The
Pennsylvania regiments were discharged at Pitts-
burg, in that State. These troops were entitled to
their pay from the place where they were dis-
charged to the place where they were mustered in.
Mr. GORMAN said the New York troops were
mustered out at New York. The Massachusetts
regiment was mustered out at Boston. The Vir-
ginia regiment at one of her ports. The Alabama
and Georgia regiments were mustered out on their
own shores. The South Carolina regiment at
Charleston or at Mobile. If it was at Mobile it
was as a matter of favor, to enable them to go
home from that quarter.
Mr. BURT asked why the Illinois and Indiana
regiments were not mustered out at Louisville, or
near home? Did they desire to be discharged at
New Orleans ?
Mr. GORMAN replied, not at all. They were
discharged at New Orleans under the orders of
General Taylor, who had received instructions
to that effect from the'War Department. Aii the
other troops, in accordance with the provisions of
law, were mustered out at the places where they
were mustered into the service. The gentleman
from Kentucky desires, by his amendment, to
correct a supposed error in the calculation of mile-
age. There could be no error of that kind, if the
troops were mustered out where they were mus-
tered in.
Mr. FOWLER rose and said, he did not rise
to go into the discussion between these gentlemen
as to where troops were mustered in, or mustered
out. He desired only to express his hope that
the gentlemen would cease talking, and commence
voting.
The question was then put on the amendment
of Mr. Burt to the amendment of Mr. Marshall,
and the Chair had announced the affirmative vote
70, when tellers were demanded. Mr. Venable
and Mr. Duncan were appointed tellers, and the
vote was then announced—ayes 74, noes 49.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question being on the amendment as amend-
ed—
Mr. CALDWELL, ofKentucky, moved to add
to the substitute just adopted the amendment
moved by him to the amendment of Mr. Mar-
shall, printed above.
A question was here raised as to a point of order.
It was contended that it was not in order to move
to amend what the committee had just agreed to
insert. The Chair having decided the amendment
to be out of order, his decision was appealed from.
The Chair admitted that he had led the gentleman
from Kentucky into an error, by informing him,
in reply to a question in a previous part of the de-
bate, that he might offer this amendment after the
amendment of the gentleman from South Carolina
had been adopted.
Mr. CALDWELL appealed from the decision,
but the Chair reconsidered and reversed his de-
cision.
Mr. C. then said that it was his desire to in-
clude one class of volunteers who served in the
Mexican war, who were not embraced in this
amendment which had just been adopted. His
proposition would also embrace the New York
troops. If his amendment was adopted, the New
York troops, and all the troops who were with
General Scott at Vera Cruz and at Mexico, to the
end of the war, would be put on the same footing
of equality, otherwise they would be cut off from
the benefit of this provision- His object was to
give to those who were discharged at home pre-
cisely the same that was given to those discharged
at New Orleans.
Mr. JULIAN said, he meant to discuss the
" leading measures" which have recently been
carried through Congress. He meant to show
that by the Texas boundary bill, northern gentle-
men have surrendered to slaveholdmg rapacity ten
millions of money and about seventy-five thou-
sand square miles of territory to which Texas had
no more right than he had to the property of his
neighbor. He meant to assert that northern gen-
tlemen had made this surrender, not because they
believed it right, but on the flimsy and cowardly
pretext of averting by it the calamities of a war
with Texas. He said that the passage of the bill
was nothing more nor less than the extension of
slavery by an act of Congress. He meant to de-
nounce the abandonment of the Wilmot proviso by
northern Representatives, and more e<pecially the
infamous covenant by which they have attempted
to pledge the National Government to admit addi-
tional slavehoiding States into the Union. He
denounced the fugitive slave bill as jeopatdizing
the freedom of every free colored citizen of the
North, and at the same time virtually converting
every man in the free States into a constable and
jail-keeper for slaveholders. It was "a bill of
abominations," and he warned gentlemen that in-
stead of restoring " concord" to the country by the
adoption of their " peace measures," they have by
those very measures put its restoration far in the
distance. Harmony could not result from the tri-
triumph of injustice and wrong.
Mr. ALBERTSON, whilst Mr. Julian was
speaking, raised the point of order on the rele-
vancy of his remarks.
The CHAIRMAN said, that under the practice
of the committee, the Chair could not pronounce
the gentleman's remarks out of order.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the commitcee rose and reported progress.
Mr. BAYLY moved a resolution in the usual
form, providing that all debate in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the said bill,
should terminate at four o'clock, (it was now
three.)
Mr. FOWLER moved to amend by striking
out "four o'clock*' and inserting "fifteen min-
utes" after the bill should again have been taken
up.
Mr. F. modified his amendment so as to limit
the debate to five minutes.
The amendment was agreed to.
And the resolution, as amended, was agreed
to.
On motion by Mr- BAYLY, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and resumed the consideration
of the said bill.
Mr. CROWELL said, the question pending
was on the proviso offered to the substitute to the
amendment. He was opposed to the proviso, as
he was also opposed to the substitute, so far as it
goes to reverse the decision of the accounting offi-
cers of the Government. This question in regard
to the mileage of soldiers had been settled, as he
understood; but as some gentlemen say the ac-
counting officers had not allowed a sufficient
amount, an effort is now made to appeal from
the decision o* these accountirg officers, and to
bring the question before this House, sitting as a
court of appeals, and it is proposed to us to re-
verse this decision.
Now the question as to the power of this House
to sit as a court of appeals, has undergone consid-
erable discussion this session, especially pending
the consideration of the resolutions of the Ewing
committee, and it has been decided by a large ma-
jonty, that it is not competent for this House to
act as a court of appeals, and to reverse the de-
cisions of the accounting officers of the Treasury.
For the resolution of the House he had given his
vote, and he thought it was a correct vote He
regarded it as the duty of the accounting officers
to decide these questions, and when they have de-
cided them, this House ha3 no right to assume to
itselfthe power of a court of appeals, and to re-
verse those decisions. We are now called on to
reveise a decision of the accounting officers of the
Treasury, by which nearly half a million of dol-
lars will be appropriated in opposition to that de-
cision. Why, we may as well go on and reverse
the decisions of the Supreme Court—we may as
well sanction appeals to this House from the de-
cisions of that tribunal, and open the Treasury
not only to draw out half a million, but a hundred
millions of dollars. It will be impossible to set
any limits, if we once admit our right to do this.
These officers have all been paid according to the
contract made with them when they enlisted in the
service. These claims had been pt*ssed on by the
officer whose duty it was to decide upon them,
and they have been paid according to that decision.
That should be the end of the matter. We have
no right to reverse that decision. We cannot pass
judgment on the decisions of these officers. We
have no right to act as a court of appeals. There-
fore, he was opposed to this proposition, the ef-
fect of which would be the opening of the doors of
the Treasury to an amount which we can neither
foresee nor calculate. He thought the proposition
was wrong m principle. He hoped it would b&
voted down. He would set his face against it.
The CHAIRMAN now announced the expira-
tion of the time allotted for debate.
Mr. BAYLY proceeded to avail himself of his
privilege under the rule, (as the member reporting
the bill,) to address the committee. The object of
Ins remarks was, to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the vastamount of additional appropria-
tions proposed to be put into the appropriation
bills, so that gentlemen might vote with their eyes
open; and to the condition of the public Treasury.
He read from a number of tables before him, and
declared as his conviction, that if the extravagant,
appropriations which Congress seemed disposed to
