1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
873
difference between the claim of such a power as
that which the Government exercises merely as
proprietor of the public lands, and the claim of the
power to appropriate money for internal improve-
ments generally. 1 believe, sir, that this bill, as it
stands, is obnoxious to all the objections which
could be raised to a bill appropriating money for
purposes of internal improvement; and although I
think that if this feature were stricken out, the bill
would be much improved, I should still vote against
it, for the reason which I havejust given. But I
shall not be willing, for the purpose of defeating
this or any other bill, to give my sanction, directly
or indirectly, to a principle so mischievous as
that embodied in the bill for the distribution of
the proceeds of the public lands among the States.
Permit me to tell the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Dawson] that he was as infelicitous in se-
lecting his example as in the reasoning he urged
in support of his position. Why, sir, when Vir-
ginia refused to receive her share of the proceeds
of the public lands which were distributed, she
announced a resolution to which she has adhered
ever since. That which she once refused to re-
ceive she has never taken since. I think, to the
best of my recollection, the money still remains as
a deposit in her bank. At any rate, she has
never received it,, or in any manner treated it as
hers. But, sir, what had that t0*do with the sub-
ject before us? "Whether it was wise or unwise
in Virginia to refuse to receive this money—wheth-
er she adhered to her original determination or
not—what has all that to do with the policy of
distribution, and why drag these subjects into dis-
cussion here? We all know that majorities change
in each of the States. We all know that the dif-
feience in relation to this matter was a party dif-
ference in this country—the Democrats opposed
it and the Whigs were in favor of the policy. If
Virginia, then, had departed from her original
resolution under such circumstances, would not
this change have argued rather a change of party
than an infirmity of purpose? But to return to
the subject. I will unite with the Senator from
Georgia in all fair and legitimate means to defeat
the bill, because I think it impolitic; I think it
worse than that, if the feature to which I have
objected is retained; because it seems to me to
involve the right of the General Government to
appropriate money as weli as lands to the purposes
of internal improvement. Believing so, I will use
all fair and legitimate efforts to defeat the bill; but
I cannot, for the sake of defeating it, give my vote
to recognize, directly or indirectly, the propriety
of distributing the proceeds of the public iands
among the States.
Mr. DAYTON. I believe I was understood,
in offering my amendment, to offer it as an amend-
ment to the bill, and the Senator then in the chair
said that n was out of order. 1 intended to offer
it as an amendment to these instructions, which I
believe makes it in order.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
"Provided., further, That, after the appropnatiori of the
lands hereinbefore referred to the States hereinbeloie named,
the net proceeds of the t-ale=> ot the residue of the public
land*, from and after the 31st day of December next, shall be
divided between the -everal States of the Union and the
teiritories thereof, as they now exist, agteeably to the provi-
sions of an act entitled l'An act to appropriate the proceeds
of the ;-ules of the public iands, and to grant preemption
right*,5' passed September 4,3841; the provision.* or'winch
act, so fdi as the same can br properly applied in the distri-
bution of the proceeds of said sales, aie hereby rednacted and
reatfiimeil.5'
Mr. WHITCOMB, Before the question is
taken, I desire to state my views in relation to the
subject, and to make an explanation, i have
thought from the first that I discovered in the bill
under consideration an extension of the principle
which has heretofore governed Government grants
of this kind. It has been said here to-day that
the first grant of this kind was made in Indiana.
That is very true; but there is a very consider-
able addition to the principle on which that grant
was made in the bill now under consideration. I
believe the present bill is the first, within my rec-
ollection, in which a strip of land twelve miles
wide, or rather the alternate sections in a strip of
land twelve miles wide, has been given by Con-
gress for the construction of any work. The
greatest width heretofore has been ten miles. In
the case of the last grant to Indiana, not only was
it restricted to ten miles wide, but for the purpose
of making up the quantity m case portions of the
land had been already sold within those limits, the
State was restricted to a single land district, the
district in which the greatest part of the road, or a
considerable portion of it, lay. The State was not
allowed to go to any land district but the district
of Vincennes, the unsold lands in which had been
in the market for some forty years, after all the
best lands had been bought up, and the land offices
were almost in a condition to be closed for want of
purchasers Now, sir, apart from that paramount
affection which I feel for my own State,and which I
trust every Senator has for his, I know of no State
in this Union that, as a public officer or as an indi-
vidual, I would make second in my regard to Illi-
nois. But 1 did fear, that, going beyond the ori-
ginal principle in the proposed grant, we stimulated
the cupidity of States where the principle did not
apply, and hazarded the introduction of a new
system. It is said that Indiana has been favored
tu a great extent by similar grants. I admit, sir,
that she has been favored, and we are grateful.
And I think we should not transcend the principle
on which such grants have generally been based—
that of enhancing the value of the contiguous public
lands. To make -a direct largess to any State
without a corresponding advantage to the General
Government, involves the distribution principle,
and I fear might lead in its consequences to the
distribution system. I admit the expediency, and,
as far as the precedents of Congress for a long time
are concerned, the power of granting public lands
for the making of roads and improvements in the
States, on the principle that the adjacent public
lands are thereby enhanced in value, that the
United States is the great land proprietor in the
new States, paying no taxes upon them, and that
the burdens aie consequently so much the greater
on the residents in those States. The eaily emi-
grants to the new States were comparatively poor;
many of them wore out their lives in the penury
and hardships incident to a frontier life, and others
are but just emerging through toil and privation
into that state of comfort and affluence enjoyed to
a greater or less extent in the older States. Under ;
all these circumstances, there is a marked diffeience
between the claim of the young States on the
munificence and assistance of the General Govern-
ment, and that of their older sisters. The citizens
of the new States are called upon to make and
work on the roads, and it is but just and fair that I
the United States, the greatest land proprietor, ■
should be called upon to aid in the same objects.
1 was therefore prepared and willing to vote lor a
reasonable measure, that would make the General
Government, while bearing a proportion of this
burden, receive a corresponding advantage; but I
was fearful of going too far, and I therefore voted
for the amendment yesterday.
Now, whatis this bill? It is for the construc-
tion of a railroad commencing at the junction of
the Illinois and Michigan canal, and terminating
near the junction of the Ohio with the Mississippi
river. Then there are to be two lateral^ranciies
striking otF from the northern end—one to the
flourishing town of Galena, m the northwest part
of the State, and the other to Chicago, in the north-
east section. Here, then, aie three long roads,
and the alternate sections, in a strip of twelve miles
wide, along the entire route of these three roads,
are granted for their construction. Why, sir, it
amounts, I think, to above one million five hun-
dred thousand acres of land. Now, the last grant
to Indiana, which has been referred to as a justifi- i
cation of thepiesent, was a large grant, to be sure, ;
but numerically, it was but a trifle moie than half :
of the amount. And, besides, the land was not ;
nearly as valuable as the lands in Illinois. llh- '
nois, in point of soil, is one of the very richest ;
States in the Union. The object of the amend- 1
ment was to exclude the State trom going beyond 1
the strip of twelve miles wide, into other parts of '
the State for the residue of the lands. I feared the ,
bill granted the power to cull out the best lands j
throughout the State. I am glad to find, however,
that my apprehensions on that score were not well 1
founded, i find that the selection, when you go j
out of the strip, is restneted to "lands con tig-j
uous," but contiguous in what direction ? !
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will the Senator j
yield me the floor for a moment ? I
Mr. WHITCOMB. With pleasure. j
Mr. DAVIS. The language is " most contig- ij
uous." If, therefore, nothing touches or comes in j'
contact, they must go beyond. Ij
Mr. WHITCOMB. Now, I feel a strong desire j|
to vote for this bill, but I do not wish to go further
than we have heretofore gone. There was this
additional reason for making the grant in the case
of Indian^: The General Government had made
a grant for the continuation of the Wabash and
Erie canal, commencing at the mouth of the Mau-
mee river, in the State of Ohio, and extending to
near Lafayette, in Indiana. After the canal was
finished, it was abundantly ascertained that it was
useless as a connecting link of navigation between
the Ohio river and the Lakes, except for a short
period during the year, in consequence of the
unfitness for navigation of the Wabash river,
with which it was connected, during the residue
of the year. It was deemed important to con-
tinue the canal down to the Ohio river, where that
stream is navigable, to a greater or less extent, at
all seasons of the year. One of the original ad-
vantages proposed to the General Government in
making this grant was the tiansportation of the
property of the United States, and especially of
troops and munitions of war, free of charge. The
J canal, as connecting the northern with the south-
| western frontier, would be nearly va!ue7ejs for this
i object without a further grant. And it was im-
; portant to make the latter grants in order to make
! the first one available.
; Now, Mr. President, I will not say that f shall
' not vote for the bill, even as it now is, for I find that
I my principal objection to it has been removed, but
: still not to the extent which I had hoped. If the
language of the bill can be construed to allow an
unrestricted selection of lands throughout the State,
then I doubt if so magnificent a donation for such
an object has been made since the Government was
formed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Will my friend from
Indiana allow me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. WHITCOMB. Certainly.
Mr. DODGE. I wish, then, to ask him if, upon
this line of canal through his State, to which he
has referred, the remaining alternate sections of
the Government of the United States we^e not
sold at $1 25? In other words, if any such rigor-
ous provision was imposed upon Indiana in that
magnificent grant which is now imposed on Illi-
nois in this ?
Mr. WHITCOMB. Yes, Mr. President; such
is my impression. There is another feature m
this bill which distinguishes it from the grants to
Indiana, concerning which I should like some ex-
planation. I understand that the bill, as it now
stands, grants every alternate section of unsold
land witftin the strip of twelve miles wide to the
State for the construction of the road; and that,
to make up the difference occasioned by so-much
of such lands as have been heretofore sold, the
State may select from the sections reserved to the
United States within that ship, before she is com-
pelled to take contiguous lands beyond those lim-
its.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The bill provides, as I un-
derstand it, that the alternate sections unsold in
the six miles are granted for the purposes of this
railroad; that, for the residue of the lands, where
sold, you are to take the next vacant land contig-
uous m alternate sections; so that in no instance
can you go beyond the distance from the line of
the road which you would be compelled to go to
get the full quantity. If there is the full quantity
within the twelve miles, you are compelled to take
it. Yo'u are to take it in alteinate sections. You
cannot slip. You have no n^ht to choose. You
must not leave the bad and take the good, but you
are bound to take the new tract, and so leaving
one and taking one alternately. Hence the hili
fixes the precise tracts you shall take, and no dis-
cretion is left in the matter. I hope, after this ex-
planation, that it will be seen that the apprehen-
sion that we are to be allowed to go all over the
State and select the best lands is not a well-founded
one.
I will say to my friend from Indiana, that in
regard to the grant to the State of Indiana, he is
greatly in error. Indiana received three grants
for this canal instead of one. First, in 1835, she
received a grant of three hundred and forty-nine
thousand acres, in alternate sections. Indiana
was not satisfied with that grant, and asked for
another; and she received thirty-nine thousand
four hundred acres more m 1841. Still, she was
not satisfied with that; and again, in 1845, she
received about eight hundred thousand acres
more. That was the last grant, which was u>
