1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order.
Cries of " go on,'' " go on.
Mr. BAYLY continuing. The gentleman from
Alabama is not found among those who-support
the proposition to reduce appropriations-——
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. Chairman, 1 insist upon
my point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will suspend his remarks. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania will state his point of order.
Mr. B /TLEft. The gentleman is out of order
because his remarks are not at all applicable to the
amendment on either side, either for or against it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not feel
at liberty to judge of the applicability of a gen-
tleman's remarks. The gentleman has moved an
amendment and has a right to discuss it in his own
way.
Mr. BAYLY. Sir, this is a most extraordi-
nary effort, when I have been assailed here by
gentleman on that side of the House, to attempt
to deprive me of a right to-reply. I was proceed-
ing to speak, sir, of the proposition of the gentle-
man from Alabama, as a most extraordinary one.
He complains of the amount of the appropriations.
Does he not remember that a few days ago I took
up this bill item by item, and showed that every
one of them was provided for by the existing law?
Does not the gentleman know that wheie the ex-
isting law does not make appropriations necessary
I have invariably voted against them ? That is not
all. How has it been with the two parties of this
House? is it not a tact perfectly notorious to every
body, that that side of the House has voted in a
body for almost all of these laws making these ap-
propriations necessary, whereas we on this side
have voted against them ? Yet with these notorious
facts staring us m the face, the gentleman, with that
candor which the character of his profession re-
quires, comes here and attempts to hold up the
Democratic party as being responsible for all these
expenditures. Sir, in how many cases do you
suppose we have cut down the estimates of the
departments—but I have heretofore explained all
that, and it is not necessary to do so now. And
yet forsooth,-because we happen to have a Demo-
cratic Speaker and Democratic chairmen of com-
mittees, we are to be arraigned as being responsible
for these large appropriations. 1 am glad that this
issue is maue, because you will soon ha ve the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill coming
buck to us from the Senate with about a million of
dollars added to the appropriations that are con-
tained in it. Many of the items which the Com-
mittee of Ways and1 Means of this House rejected
have been there inserted. When we come to act
upon these items, we shall see how the gentleman
from Alabama and his political friends wili vote.
Mr. HILLIARD. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment ?
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir. I shall yield the floor
to nobody on that side of the House. [A laugh.]
Mr. B.'s five minutes having expired,
Mr. HILLIARD was recognized by the Chair.
He desired to say a single word in reply to the ex-
traordinary speech which had just been made on
the other side of the House, by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. Now, sir,
(said Mr. H.,) what is the issue that is made by the
gentleman ? 1 say the appropriation bills have
been brought forward in the regular form. They
have been submitted to the scrutiny of CQtnmittees
composed of the most eminent men of the Demo-
cratic party. A majority of each committee have
authouzed the appropriation bills in every in-
stance to be reported to the House. They have
in committee first adopted them, and then they
have sent them to the House for its action. So far,
sir, fiom reproaching the Democratic party for
granting the supplies I honor them for it. My
proposiu&n was not that the Democratic party had
voted extravagant supplies, far from it; but 1 say,
if the gentlemen allow these appropriations, which
they cull extravagant, what reason have they to
complain? if they are extravagant why do you
not reduce them? Why did you not reduce them
m committee? Having been sanctioned by the
committees I am bound to vote for them; because
by the action of the committees I am invited to
vote for them; and so far from imputing to the
gentleman from Virginia insincerity in thus acting,
1 am only rtbuKing the insincerity of those gentle-
men on that side in first reporting the bills, and rec-
ommending their adoption by the House, and then
charging the Administration with extravagance.
I may well say to gentlemen, before they under-
take to read me a lecture on sincerity, u Physician,
heal thyself." I believe the appropriations that
are contained in these bills to be necessary m the
present condition of the country. The war with
Mexico swallowed up a large amount of money
and left us in debt, and we have to provide for the
expenditures incident to the acquisition of vast
territories.
1 say we cannot get along with less money than
we are appropriating by these bills, and I honor
the gentlemen for having reported them. As to
my having voted for them, 1 take pride in having
done it. Jt is a duty that I owe, not to the Ad-
ministration, but to my country, and I shall al-
ways be prepared to do it when the expenditure is
demanded by the condition of the country, no
matter what Administration may be in power; and
when gentlemen rise up and rebuke us for voting
for those supplies, I repeat they cannot with a
good grace go before the country with a proposi-
tion of that sort, when every appropriation has
been scrutinized by their committees. Now, that
is the issue. Let it go before the country; 1 shall
be glad to meet it everywhere.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson-]
has displayed an animation in debate which is
characteristic of his action; and I make no com-
plaint about it, but I will say to him, that when he
comes to consider the issue that is now made, he
will find it very different from the issue that he has
undertaken to present.
Mr. RICHARDSON, Does the gentleman un-
dertake to say that he voted against those measures
which have induced these large expenditures?
Mr. HILLIARD. No, sir; I voted for them.
I supported the war, though brought on by an un-
constitutional act of authority, as I believed, on
the part of the then President, because my coun-
trymen were committed to it, and because I be-
lieved that the duty which I owed the country
required that I should do so.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was agreed it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out $300 and insert-
ing $500.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, rose to a
point of order. The amendment of the gentleman,
he said, was not in order, because the amendment
had been amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection is sustained.
It is not in order after inserting a certain sum, to
move to strike it out.
Mr. STANTON. I propose to amend the pend-
ingamendment then, by adding thereto an amend-
ment, providing that the act of 1847, increasing
the military force by the addition of ten regiments,
shall be so construed, as to allow one banu to each
regiment.
Mr, BURT. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Tennessee, that I shall call him to order, as
I shall any gentleman who attempts to continue
this debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
The question is on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] as
amended.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. PHELPS moved to amend the bill by in-
serting the following item:
"In order to complete the accommodations for troops
and the defences of Fort Kearny and Fort L mimic, and
fur tlif selection of other military pon-s, nml for the accom-
modation of troops thereat, on the Cdhtorma, Ort-gon, and
New Mexico ioute.>, §50,Uu0.
Mr. P. said, that this sum was perhaps not
sutficiertf for the purposes intended, but he dis-
liked at this time, when our appropriations are
so large, to exceed the amount estimated by the
proper officer for the purpose intended, without he
was able to submit a detailed estimate of the ptob-
able expense. He proposed this increase of ex-
penditure in order to provide accommodations for
the troops whrh will probably be stationed on
the Oregon and California routes. In the Summer
of 1848, an appropriation was made to establish
two military stations on the line of communication
with Oregon. Under this provision of law, a post
was selected on Grand Island, in Platte river,
named Fort Kearny, and another at the foot of
the Rocky Mountains, near the site of the old
trading post called Fort Laramie, and which name
is given to the post. The overland lines of com-
munication with Oregon and California, are to the
last mentioned post and for some distance west of
it, the same.
The Engineer Bureau estimates that $6Q_,G00 is
necessary for this fiscal year, in order to complete
the accommodation and the defences at those two
posts. As this estimate was made by General
Totten, of the Engineer Corps, he felt assured it
was not embraced in the estimates submitted by
the Gturtermaster Genera!; nor w&e an appropria-
tion for this purpose embraced in the fortification
bill. The report of the Chief Engineer, General
Totten, shows that the provision made for the
troops to be stationed at these posts are insufficient,
and a great necessity exists for their completion.
These posts were selected in order to afford pro-
tection to the emigrants to Oregon and California
fi;om the Indians, and, if necessary, to give them an
escort.
These posts, too, are on the line of travel to the
Salt Lake. During the last Spring and Summer,
about 70 009 persons have passed these military
posts. If the amount proposed is more than may be
needed for these posts, the residue can be expended
in the selection and preparation of other posts, to
be occupied by troops on the Oregon and Califor-
nia trails, and beyond their divergence. This
trail passes through the country which is fre-
quented by the roving Indian, of the plains, and
who frequently commit depredations on the prop-
erty of our citizens, and sometimes massacre them.
The same necessity exists for the protection of our
citizens on the New Mexican route by the estab-
lishment of other posts. All well recollect that the
wife and child of James M. White, and himself,
and the residue ofhis party, wete massacred on
the plains last Fall. Other instances, similar in
their character, might he mentioned; they are of too
frequent occurrence. Give, then,to our pe< pie
who may cross the plains that protection they
have the right to expect, and have a sufficient force
on these great thoroughfares to avenge the atro-
cious incursions these Indians may commit. Unless
you provide additional posts on the plains, and on
the routes i have mentioned, and station troops
amongst these Indians, you may expect an Indian
war. Be not penny wise and pound-foolish, but
give this appropriation I have proposed, and you
may avert an Indian war.
Mr. JONES raised a qaesiion &f order on the
amendment; which
The CHAIR overruled.
Mr. CROWELL proposed an amendment to
the amendment; the purport of which was not
heard, and a copy of which could not be had.
Mr. JONES rose to a point of order. The part
of the bill, he said, to which this amendment was
applicable, had been passed.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. CROWELL. Mr Chairman, I rise to
make an appeal to the committee.
Mr. WOOD. I move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to the fi' or.
Mr. CROWELL. I shall not detain the com-
mittee. I wish merely to state a fact 
[Cries of "Question, question," •' Bear him,
hear him,*' " Never give it up, Crowell."]
Mr. CROWELL. It is very appa.ent that un-
less we make better progress with business duung
the brief remaining hours of the session, many of
the appropriation bills will not be passed. I hope,
therefore, that the committee will cease proposing
amendments and proceed to vote.
Mr. CARTPER. I call the gentleman to order.
[Much confusion m the Hall.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled to
state to the committee, that unless order can be
better preserved it WtU be impossible to propound
any question.
The question was taken on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Phelps, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I now move that thecommitee
rise.
Tellers were demanded. They were not or-
dered.
The question being taken on the motion that the
committee rise, it was negatived.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. BAYLY said he was instructed by the
