THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION,
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1850.
New Series No. 124.
to constitute a board of officers to make explora-
tions, with the view to the selection of a site upon
the western waters for the erection of a national
armory. The board was composed of General
Armistead, Colonel Long:, and Surgeon General
Lawson. This board, composed of the most dis-
tinguished officers of the army, made an extended
exploration of the Mississippi valley, spending
some eight months in the performance of the ser-
vice—examining some forty eight' sites in the
mean time; and reported in favor of Fort Massac."
The reasons for the preference given to this point
are set forth in their report to the President on the
subject. These reasons are substantial, and, as I
think, conclusive. The appropriation is to give
effect to the proceedings had under the provision
of law referred to; and is therefore strictly in or-
der in this view of the subject.
The gentleman from Ohio objects to "Massac,"
upon the ground that it was selected ten years ago.
Here again is a mistake: the selection was made
at a later date. The gentleman prefers another
exploration and selection, and with this view has
moved to strike out i( Massac." If he had said
that he was opposed to the measure absolutely
and irreconcilably, his reasoning would have been
better suited to his object; for he could not have*
adopted a more effectual way of defeating it than
by arraying every competitor for the location of
the institution against the particular location. The
gentleman probably knew this. But it is most
strange that the gentleman should object to the
measure on the score of the date of the report in
favor of it, when it ha£ been in a large degree
through his opposition that previous efforts in fa-
vor of it have been defeated. If the ten millions
of people west of the Alleghanies are still depend-
ent upon the armories at Harper's Ferry and at
Springfield for insufficient supplies of costly pub-
lic arms, the gentleman from Ohio is as much re-
sponsible for the fact as any other one man.
The establishment of a national armory upon
the western waters was recommended by Mr.
Calhoun, as Secretary of War, in 1838. Since
that period it has been often recommended by suc-
cessive Presidents and Secretaries of War, and in
the mean time explorations were made with a
view to the consummation of the measure; but as
the officers appointed to make these explorations
were not authorized to fix an absolute selection of
a site, those in the interests of the various towns
and cisies who were rivals for the location divided,
and of course were defeated. To obviate the re-
currence of this result, and to secure the Missis-
sippi valley the advantages of a measure of so
much importance, the provision already mentioned
was enacted in 1841. That provision authorized
the President to cause a suitable site on the West-
ern waters to be selected for the erection of a na-
tional armory; and the duty has been performed.
It remains to be seen whether Congress will make
the necessary appropriations to complete this
work, and particularly whether members from
the Mississippi valley will again divide and be de-
feated.
There are' obvious considerations favorable
to the establishment of a public armory in the
West. We often come under engagements to
supply the Indian tribes with arms. These arms
should be manufactured in the Mississippi valley,
and not carted over the mountains, or conveycd
thousands of miles at great expense and risk, by
water, to the distant regions inhabited by these
Indian tribes. Economy in regard to the public
expenditures would be subserved by the proposed
measure. Again: during the late war with Great
Britain the deficiency of arms, and the impractica-
bility of obtaining supplies for western and south-
ern defence from the armories this side of the
mountains, left General Jackson to fight the battle
of New Orleans almost without arms. Certainly
a very large proportion of his force was without
arms; nor is it less true that the battle of Bladens-
burg was unfortunately lost, largely, in conse-
quence of the want of arms. It is stated that no
inconsiderable number of our troops in that battle
were" without any other show of arms than corn-
124
stalks. There are other reasons which I might
assign, but —*-
(The hammer fell.)
The amendment of Mr. Vinton to the amend-
ment being about to be put—
Tellers were demanded.
Messrs. Corwin, and Brown of Mississippi,
were appointed tellers, and the vote was an-
nounced—ayes 71, noes 50.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. BOWLIN moved to fill the blank "Caused
by the adoption of Mr. Vinton's amendment by
inserting therein the words " at or near the city of
St. Louis."
Mr. JONES said, he had been at the Capitol
ever ever since five o'clock, a. m. He moved that
the committee-rise, and asked for tellers.
Messrs. Featherston and Casey were appoint-
ed tellers, and the vote was announced—ayes 10,
noes 90.
No quorum voting—
The CHAIRMAN ordered the Clerk to call the
roll, in order to ascertain the names of the absent-
ees; which having been done, the committee rose
and reported the names of the absent members to
the House.
A quorum having appeared, the committee re-
sumed its session.
Mr. BAYLY begged the indulgence of the
House to make a single remark. The Committee
of Ways and Means went into session this morn-
ing at nine o'clock, and he had been constantly at
work since. He had been at work since five
o'clock this morning, and, except a cracker, no
food had passed his lip3. He moved that the com-
mittee ripe. He must have time to-night to exam-
ine the amendments of the Senate to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. VINTON desired also to say a word.
Objection was made, and much confusion en-
sued.
Mr. VINTON (amid loud cries of "order,"
"order,") hoped the committee would not rise.
The question was then taken on the motion that
the committee rise, and it was rejected—ayes 17,
noes 82.
No quorum voting—
The roll was a second time called^and the names
of the absentees reported to thp House.
A quorum having appeared, the committee re-
sumed its session.
The question was then again taken on the mo-
tion that the committee rise, and the vote stood—
ayes 30, noes 89.
The CHAIR stated that the question was on
the proposition of Mr. Bowlin to fill the blank with
the words " at or near St. Louis, Missouri."
Mr. BOWLIN said, that in presenting the
amendment, he deemed a brief explanation neces-
sary, as well to show the position St. Louis occu-
pied in regard to this subject, as her high claims
to the selection. Thi* whole matter originated,
he said, in an authority given to the President to
select a site for an armory on the western waters,
which was to be submitted to Congress for ap-
proval. That the President appointed a commis-
sion of three, Colonel Armistead, Colonel Long,
and Surgeon Generel Lawson, and after an elabo-
rate review of many sites, scattered over the lakes
and western rivers, they finally concluded, and by
a majority of the commission - recommended, Fort
Massac, in Illinois; having determined the ques-
tion that steam power instead of water was to be
used. To that recommendation of the commis-
sion, Surgeon General Lawson dissented, and
highly recommended and supported the claims of
the sue which he (Mr. B.) now presented in his
amendment. He had (said Mr. B.) General Law-
son's report before him, and if he were not con-
strained for time, [confined to five minutes,] he
would like to have some of its paragraphs read, as
a much abler defence of his amendment than any-
thing he'could offer, but time would not permit.
Then, he said, if Fort Massac occupied the first
position in this recommendation, St. Louis cer-
! tainly occupied the second, and Fort Massac being
stricken out, his amendment became peculiarly
appropriate, as they were the two sites upon which
the commission divided. And, indeed, considering
the professional character, as well as military po-
sition of the minority member of this commission,
his (Mr. B.'s) constituents believed they occupied
a nearly equal, if not quite an equal position in the
recommendation; and uniformly maintained their
claim to the location of this armory of the West.
For at most, it was only recommendatory to Con-
gress, by whom the selection was finally to be
made, and in no manner binding. He (Mr. B.)
had not taken a lead in this matter, because he was
embarrassed with the majority recommendation of
the commisirvn; but he had always stood ready to
contest the claim of location, in behalf of the rights
of his constituents on the minority recommenda-
tion, whenever Congress should attempt to estab-
lish the location.
Pie (said Mr. B.) had nothing to say in regard to
ihe claims of Fort Massac. It was out of tne bill,
and placed so without his aid; and his business
now was with filling the blank thus created with
the next recommended point.
As it regarded the claims of St. Louis to this
location, he had but a word to say, as her means
and resources for facilitating the manufactory of
arms was not a question for debate before an in-
telligent committee. Her more than a dozen found-
ries, her thousands of skillful mechanics, her
commercial concentration of all the articles neces-
sary in such an establishment, speak stronger in
her behalf than anything he could urge. Besides,
the location selected there, was immediately be-
tween the barracks and the arsenal, where it had
on either hand a guard to protect the property,
and a place for the deposit of the arms.
Having said this much in support of his amend-
ment, he now submitted it to the calm judgment
of the committee.
Mr. J, A. KING objected to the introduction
of the words of the amendment, prefering to re-
msert the words which had been stricken out.
The eligibility of Fort Massac had been consid-
ered, and the Committee on Military Affairs had
decided in its favor, and had reported a bill, of the
passage of which there is no chance at the present
session.
Mr. HALL moved that the committee rise, and
asked for tellers. Messrs. Ogle and Bixgham were
appointed tellers; and the vote was announced—
ayes 14, noes 85. No quorum.
Mr. STANLY asked the Chairman what was
the vote?
The CHAIRMAN said, ayes 14, noes 85.
Mr. STANLY said he had taken notice, and
only one Whig voted among the 14, and only 10
Democrats among the 85. The large body of-the
Democratic party refusing to vote.
The roll was called, and a quorum was found
to be present. The fact was reported to the House,
and the Chairman resumed his seat.
The question recurring on the motion tfiat the
committee rise, the tellers resumed their places,
and the vote was announced—ayes 26, noes 85.
No quorum.
Mr. STANLY asked the Chairman what was
the vote ?
The CHAIRMAN said, ayes 26, noes 85.
Mr. STANLY said he wished the country to
know the fact, that only eight Democrats had vo-
ted among the noes, and the ayes were Democrats.
Gentlemen on the other side, when the motion
was made that the committee rise, refused to vote.
They are refusing to transact the public business.
Let the responsibility rest on the right shoulder.
This has occuried more than once.
Mr. RICHARDSON a^d if it was in order to
move that the committee take a recess for an
hour ?
The CHAIR replied in the negative. There
was no quorum present.
The roil was then called, and a quorum being
found to be present, the committee rose and re-
ported the fact to the House, and the names of the
absentees.
The CHAIRMAN then resumed his seat, and
