1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
875
Mr. PRESTON KING. What is the question
pending before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN replied, that the pending
question was a distinct, different question from
that which was before the committee when the
gentleman from Georgia had before spoken, and
that it was upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
Mr. KING submitted that, although the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio might be in
order, the amendment of the Judiciary Committee
was still pending, and the question upon that was
first in order; henpe, he contended that the ques-
tion had not so been changed as to allow the gen-
tleman from Georgia to speak again.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question was
first on the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
and therefore the gentleman from Georgia was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. KING acquiesced, and asked that the ques-
tion be stated.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Did I understand
the Chair to say that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] was in order yes-
terday?
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
was mistaken. The gentleman from Ohio had
offered an amendment which was in order, and
which he must have offered before he could speak;
and he had given notice of another amendment
which he would offer when in order. The gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] was in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, claiming the
floor under the decision of the Chair, said that he
should not trespass long upon the time of the com-
mittee. He intended to be brief in the remarks
he had to submit, and he should endeavor to con-
clude before the expiration of the time for the de*
bate to close, so that other gentlemen who desired,
might be heard. His object wa3 mainly to re-
deem a pledge he had given some days ago, to
show, from the ablest and best authority upon the
subject, that no power could be rightfully exer-
cised by the General Government, except for the
objects for which it was granted. When he had
addressed the House before, and had taken the
position that a great portion of the statistical in-
formation sought to be obtained by this bill, could
not properly be obtained by Congress under the
Constitution—the subjects not being within our
legitimate jurisdiction—he had reference particu-
larly to that clause of the Constitution which au-
thorized a decennial census or enumeration of the
inhabitants for the purpose of the apportionment
of representation. That was the clause under
whi<jh the bill had been reported—that was the
power under which Congress was acting; and he
thought it perfectly clear, that as that clause of
the Constitution authorized nothing but an enu-
meration of the people, the action of Congress
should be confined to that subject alone. Iri the
progress of the argument, this conclusion seems to
have been admitted; and the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] distinctly stated, that he did not
claim the power under that clause of the Consti-
tution, but contended that even if there was no
such clause at all in that instrument providing for
the taking of census, that yet the power existed in
other clauses of the Constitution. He said it ex-
isted in other of the clauses which authorized
Congress to lay taxes, to regulate the commerce of
the country, to borrow money and to coin money,
and to regulate the value of it, and perhaps some
others.
Mr. S. said he should not be particular in sta-
ting the various grounds upon which the gentleman
from Ohio claimed the authority; for he had the
same answer to make to all of*them that he had to
one. He should therefore speak of but one—it
was the power to levy taxes. This was the power
which most of the advocates of the bill had re-
lied upon; and their argument—for he had list-
ened to it closely—amounted to this: that as Con-
gress has power, under the Constitution, in express
terms, to levy direct taxes, they must have the
power to get full and accurate information touch-
ing the property, both real and personal, of the
people of the United States, as well as their in-
dustrial pursuits and productions. Now, Mr.
S. was free to admit, that the power to levy a direct
tax carried with it all the necessary incidents for
the full, judicious, and proper exercise of that
power. For the purpose of levying a direct or
internal tax, a valuation of the property of the
country, in some way, might be necessary and
proper. But is the object to levy a tax ? Is that
the purpose for which this incident to the tax
power is to be called into exercise? That was the
question which he presented; and the position
which he assumed the other day, and which he
now intended to maintain, was, that a power
granted for one purpose could not be rightfully
used for another purpose. Nobody pretends
that there is any object or purpose to use the sta-
tistical information provided for in this bill in
levying a tax: then the power under which the
right is claimed to procure it, is not to be exer-
cised for the object or purpose for which the
power was granted. It would be but an abuse
of the power; it would be a fraud upon the
Constitution; for he held it to be a sound rule,
in interpreting the Constiiution, and in ascer-
taining the extent of the powers conferred by
it, to keep constantly in view the objects for
which the power was granted. He knew that all
constitutional questions, like abstract truths, were
involved in more or le3S subtlety. But there
were no subjects that ought to be more clearly un-
derstood. These subjects have called forth the
abilities of the ablest and profoundest intellects
that this country had ever produced, at different
times in our history. There had been two schools
of politicians, as ihey had been termed, upon the
subject—the school of the strict constructionists,
which held that Congress could not exercise any
power that had not been specially and specifically
granted; the other school had been denominated
the latitudinarians, who held that Congress could
do almost anything. Now he (Mr. S.) did not
profess to belong to either of these schools. He
occupied what he considered the middle ground.
He held that Congress could exercise any power
that was expressly granted, and all other powers
that were proper and neccssary to those that weie
thus granted, keeping in view the objects and pur-
poses for which they had been conferred. This
was the ground upon which he now stood; and it
was the ground maintained by Chief Justice Mar-
shall, who had never been cfessed with the strict
constructionists, but an abler and purer man than
whom never lived in this or any other country.
After dilating upon this branch of the subject,
Mr. S. read an extract fron the decision of the
Supreme Court, delivered by Judge Marshall, in
the case of Ogden vs. Saunders, 12 Wheaton, 332,
as follows:
"Much has been said concerning the principles of con-
struction which ought to be applied to the Constitution of
the United Slates.
u On this subject, also, the Court has taken such frequent
occasion to declare its opinion as to make it unnecessary at
least to enter again into an elaborate discussion of it. To
say that the intention of the instrument must prevaiJ; that
this intention must be collected from its words; that its
words are to be understood in that sense in which they are
geneiaily used by those for whom the instrument vsas in-
tended; that its [novisions aie neither to be restricted into
insignificance, nor extended to objccts not comprehended in
them nor contemplated by its framers, is to repeat what has
been already said more at large, and is all that can be neces-
sary."
Again, in the case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, the
same court say, Judge Marshall delivering the
opinion of the court—
" We know nf no rule for construing the extent of such
powers othei than is given by the language of the instrument
which confers thenf, taken in connection with the purposes
for which they were conferred."—9 Wheaton, 189.
This, said Mr. S., was the rule for which he
contended. The purposes and objects for which
you claim the exercise of a power, must be such
as were " contemplated by the framers" of the Con-
stitution, and such as come within the object and
scope of the power.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania,[Mr. Strong,] 1
who made an argument the other day, to which '
he (Mr. S.) listened with great interest and pleas- !
ure, had contended, if he understood him correctly, i
that wherever an end was attainable by any con- !
stitutional means, or by the exercise of any power
constitutional in itself, the same end might be at-
tained without regard to the constitutional power.
Now, against this doctrine Mr. S. wished to ex-
press his most solemn protest, though the gentie-
'man from Pennsylvai ia professed to belong to the
strict construction school 
Mr. STRONG (Mr. Stephens yielding for ex-
planation) said, as he should not probably have
the opportunity to submit any considerations to
the committee after the gentleman should have con-
cluded, he wished to say a word, that he might be
understood. The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Millson,] in reply to his (Mr.S's.) argument yes-
terday, had misapprehended his argument. He had
not contended that where me&ns were given for
the attainment of a particular end, those means
might be used for any other purposes than those for
which the means were given. Perhaps in the use
of the term incidental power he might not have
been as explicit as he should have been. But his
position was, that where an entire power was
given, and that power was complex, a part might
be exercised though the whole was not. In other
words, that if the power to lay and collect taxes
embraced within it, as an integral part, the power
to make an assessment, Congress might exercise a
part and not the whole of the power1.
Mr. STEPHENS (resuming) said he understood
the gentleman before just as he did now, except,
perhaps, he is now a little more complex. His
idea, as ageneral proposition's very ciearand dis-
tinct, as well as correct, but it looses all its force
when it is made to apply to this bill. I grant (said
Mr. S.) that the power to lay direct taxes is a
complex power, if you please—that is, there may be
many incidental powers necessary to carry it into
effect. One of these may be a valuation of prop-
erty for the assessment. And I grant, if the
valuation of the property be made with a view for
the assessment, it may be made for that purpose.
But because you have the power to lay a direct
tax, and may, in order to do that coirectly,
exercise the incidental power to have a valuation
made, I deny that you therefore have the power
to make such a valuation for another and distinct
purpose not granted in the Constitution, and which
may be nothing but a desire to pander to the curi-
osity or caprice of the public. This is making a
distinci power of the incident, which opens wide
the door for the grossest and most flagiant abuses
of power. By this bill the gentleman does not
pretend that any information is to be obtained
upon which a tax bill is to be framed. No part of
the tax power, therefore, is called into exercise,
for no part of the proceeding looks to taxation in
the remotest degree. The power in the Constitu-
tion is only invoked as a shield, or shelter, or cover
for a transaction that has no warrant in the funda-
mental law under which we live. The policy of
the measure is all that commends it. That the in-
formation is desirable, and may be useful, in the
opinion of some, is the only grounds upon which
its merits rest. And now, sir, I beg to call the atten-
tion of the committee again to the languageof Judge
Story, which I read the other day:
" On the other hand, a rule of equal importance is. not fo
enlarge the construction of a given power bevond the fair
scope of its tenris merely because the construction is incon-
venient, impolitic, or even mischievous. If it be mischiev-
ous, the power of redressing ihe evil lies with the people,
by an exercise of the power of amendment. If they do not
choose to apply the remedy, it may fairly be presumed that
the mischief 13 less than what would arise from a further
extension of the powers; or, that u is the least of the two
evils.
" Nor should it ever be lost sight of, that the Government
of the United States is one of limited and enumerated pow-
ers; and that a departure from the true import and sense of
its powers, is, pro tanto, the establishment of a new constitu-
tion. It is doing lor the people what they have not chosen
to do for themselves. It is UfUiping the functions of the
legislator, and deserting th««e of an expounder of ihe law.
Argumeate drawn from impolicy or inconvenience, ought
to bft of im weight. The only sound principle. 1?, to declare
ita lex scripta est, to follow .and to obey. Nor if a princi-
ple so just and conclusive could he overlooked, could there
well be found a more uti?.afe guide in practice than mere
policy and convenience."
Judge Story says that there could not be a more
unsafe guide in practice than mere policy and con-
venience.
Mr. S. said, in this connection he must refer
1 to the remarks of another gentleman from Penn-
! sylvania, [Mr. Howe,] who addressed the com-
1 mittee yesterday, and said that he (Mr. S.)
| had referred to Judge Story as authority for a
; strict construction of the Constitution. Now,
| Mr. S. wished to say that he had quoted Judge
Story for no such purpose, and he had distinctly
stated at the time, that he did not profess himself
to hold to the doctrines of those who maintain
that Congress cannot exercise any power which
is not specifically granted. He admitted that Con-
gress could exercise all incidental poweis which
were necessary to execute those which were ex-
pressly granted. But he quoted Judge Story, as
an able expounder of constitutional law, to show
that, in the exercise of all powers, Congress shou'd
look to the objects and purposes for which the
