876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
power was conferred. This, said Mr. S., is the
language I quoted from Judge Story's work on
the Constitution, volume 1, page 404:
« From the foregomjf considerations, we deduce the con-
clusion, that, as a frame or fundamental law of govern-
ment, the Constitution of the United States is to receive a
reasonable interpretation of its language and its powers,
keeping in view the objects and purposes for which those
powers were conferred."
This was the rule laid down by that eminent
jurist for interpreting the Constitution, and it is
by this standard I condemn the bill upon your
table, because its " objects and purposes" are not
such as were contemplated by the grant of power
under which and through which they are sought
to be attained.
Mr. S. said he had promised to be brief,
and he must hasten on. And he would now
say, that all he had said in answer to those who
desired to shelter themselves behind the tax power
in supporting this bill applied with equal force to
all the other powers that had been mentioned. It
was no greater perversion of language to say that
the power existed under the tax clause of the Con-
stitution, than it was to say that it existed under
the warpower, or the "currency power," as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had said, or
any other power. It existed under none of them,
because its objects and purposes were not pretend-
ed to be in the rightful and legitimate execution of
any of them. In answer to his (Mr. S.'s) objec-
tions to Schedule XI. The other day, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson,] who
reported the bill, said that the information sought
in that schedule was necessary to facilitate the
sale of the public lands. This is the schedule that
embraces the statistics of mortality. It requires
the head of each family to return the death of any
one who may have died in his or her family within
the last year, with the age, sex, color, place of
birth, the profession or trade, as well as the dis-
ease with which the person died.
Now, sir, (said Mr. S.) that argument impressed
me with nothing but the ingenuity with which
power or the spirit of encroachment seems ever to
be instinctive in seeking out pretexts for its justi-
fication. Who can imagine that any man look-
ing for a home in the far West, will ever look at
these tables when compiled ? Who will ever con-
sult these statistics to see what fevers prevail, or
what miasms poison the air in any particular lo-
calities. The idea is forced, far fetched, and only
resorted to in the last extremity to save a hopeless
cause. Every man here knows, that it 13 not
with any such object that this information is
sought. If so, it should be confined to those sections
only, where there are public lands in market.
Why do you ask the same question from Maine
to Georgia, where there are no public lands? But,
said Mr. S., there were matters he wished to touch
upon, and he must pass on.
He intended now to show the utter futility of
defending this bill as a tax measure. He had '
granted that if the objec.t was to levy a direct tax,
a valuation of property might be made; but not
such a valuation as that which this bill proposes.
We had had three direct tax laws, perhaps
more. In each case a valuation of property, lie
believed, had been made. But how? The States
had been divided into districts, and commi&aioners
had been appointed to see that a correct -raluation
of pi operty, lands, dwellings, and stores, and other
property, was made. The returns had to be made
under oath, as all returns of taxable property should
be. After a valuation was thus obtained, an as-
sessment was made; and if we ever have to resort
to dnect taxation again, the same process must be
gone through with. What avail would these sta-
tistics be in such a case? None whatever. The
parties are not sworn to the value of their prop-
erty. And if you had to pass a direct tax bill the
day after these census returns should be completed,
you would have to send out a new set of officers
to take the valuation of the property of the people
of the respective States, for an assessment. A
new set of officers would have to be dispatched in
the tracks, and right upon the heels of these assist-
ant marshals; the whole work would have to be
done over again, before you could make any use
of that sort of information, which you say is so
necessary to enable you to carry out the tax-laying
power. Mr. S. said he referred to this to show
the groundlessness of the pretext under which it
was attempted to defend this bill by an appeal to
that clause of the Constitution.
But he wished to call the attention of the com-
mittee now specially to that schedule to which he
had barely referred the other day. He had then
said that it contained a number of questions—
fourteen in all-^-which he utterly denied any power
in this Government, under any clause of the Con-
stitution whatever, ,to propound and exact an-
swers to. That whole schedule was in derogation
of some of the most sacred rights of the people
of the respective States of this Upion, which they
had never surrendered to any power on earth, and
never would as long as they deserved the name of
freemen. It made inquiries into subjects oyer
which this Government had no moije jurisdiction
than the Government of Great Britain, or France,
or any other foreign Government. He had the
schedule before him. Here it is:
Schedule IV.—Productsof industryin -—-inthecounty of
 State of during the year 'ending June 1, J.85U, as
enumerated by me.
 , Assistant Marshal.
1. Name of corporation, company, or individual, pro-
ducing articles to the annual value ot $5U0.
9. Name ot business, manufacture, or pioduct.
3. Capital invested m real and personal estate in the busi-
ne.-s.
4, 5, and 6. Raw materia! used, including fuel.—Quan-
tities ; kinds; values.
7. Kind of motive power, machinery, structure, or re-
source.
8 and 0. Average number of bands employed.—Male;
female.
10 and 11. Wages—Average monthly cost of male la-
bor; average monthly cost of female labor.
13, 13, and 14. Annua! product.—Quantities; kinds;
values.
Now, by this every single individual, or com-
pany of individuals, who are engaged in the manu-
facture of any articles over the annual value of
$500, are required to state the amount of their
capital invested, the raw material, and the number
of hands employed, the amount of wages paid,
and the annual products, with their values. It
will requiie any mechanic, cabinet-maker, shoe-
maker, watchmaker, let him be engaged in what
business he may, to disclose all his business
affairs, provided his annual products equal in
value >,500. This is information (said Mr. S.)
which 1 protest you have no right to get. A
man *s business affairs are private, and should be
held sacred. The Constitution expressly secures
every citizen against unreasonable "seatcfc," un-
less upon probable cause, supported by oath or
affirmation. This may be called an inquiry, but it is
a search. It seeks a disclosure of that which you
have no right to know. If a man voluntarily gives
this information, he can do it; but if he refuses, I
maintain that he would be justified in resisting to
the utmost extent. What he pays for his property,
what he pays for his labor, and what he gets for
it, are his own secrets, which you have no right to
know. Why, sir, courts of chancery which have
jurisdiction over matters of conscience, will not,
even between litigants, require a discovery which
may impair the validity of titles or the muniments
of titles, unless a direct personal interest be alleged.
And how do the members of this House pre-
sume to call upon such a large class of people, and
require them to make disclosures that may be
highly injurious to their private interests? It is
true we are " clothed with a little brief authority,"
to do some things; but this isa right which the peo-
ple have never given us jurisdiction over. And I
protest that you have no more power to send out
your marshals or assistant marshals to pry into
men's private business affairs, than you have to
send your doorkeeper to-day down into the city,
to inquite into the business of any of the trades-
men who are making an honest living on the ave-
nue; to know how much money is laid out in his
stock in trade, how much he has paid for, how mu.ch
of it he owes for, and how much he is selling for.
There is not a storekeeper or tradesman here that
would not resent and resist such an order of this
House. And he would do light in resisting. By
it he would vindicate his right to the title of a
freeman, and I should glory in maintaining him m
it. I care not how broad and numerous the powers
of this Governmentmay be. I know there is none
which justifies the indulgence of a pryin0, prurient
curiosity in searching out and disclosing the private
concerns of the citizen. Such I consider the ob-
ject of this schedule. It is nothing but an offen-
sive inquisitoiial search, which I ahall resist here
and everywhere.
But gentlemen say this is a small matter. I do
not consider it so. But if I did, it would make
no difference with me. In governments, as in
morals, small matters are to be looked to as well
as greater ones. The lowest infamy and degrada-
tion of vice and guilt is reached only by degrees.
Slight deviations from virture, if not noticed at first,
will lead to a greater afterwards. And slight
encroachments of power, if not met and resisted
at the threshold, will sooner or later end in op-
pression and tyranny. It was a saying of Poor
Richard, I believe, that " if you take care of the
pence the pounds would take care of themselves."
And if legislators would take care of small infrac-
tions of constitutional power, you would never
hear of those great usurpations which generally
end in revolutions.
One other matter, (Mr. S. said,) and he was
done. It had been said that this objection was a
sectional one—that the South was opposed to it
because the statistics would exhibit her to disad-
vantage. He alluded to this, simply to repel the
imputation in the most diiect, emphatic, and
positive terms. At least, he could thus speak for
himself and bis State. He shrunk from a com-
paiison of his State with no State in this Union in
all the elements and resources of industry and
prosperity which gave dignity and power to a peo-
ple. Georgia, it was true, was the youngest of
the old thirteen States that formed the Union. At
that time she was the weakest of the fraternal
band. Twelve years had not yet passed since the
last remnant of the Abonginees had been removed
from her limits, and since she had had complete
jurisdiction over her entire domain. Of course,
the comparison would be with great odds against
her, if matched with Massachusetts, New York,
or Virginia, which were wealthy and powerful
when the first infant colony of Georgia was
planted. But, nevertheless, he would not shrink
from the comparison, let it be instituted when
and where it might. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had spoken of the iron and coal of that
ancient and honored Commonwealth. Georgia,
too, (said Mr. S.,) let me tell that gentleman, has
her beds of coal andiron; her lime, gypsum, and
marl; her quarries of granite and marble. She
has inexhaustible treasures of minerals, including
gold, the most precious of all metals. She has a
soil and climate suitable to the culture of almost
every product known to husbandyand agriculture.
A better country for wheat and corn and all the
cereal plants, to say nothing of tobacco and cotton,
is pot to be found in an equal space on this conti-
nent. There, too, grows the orange, the fig, and
the olive, with forests of oak and pine to build
and mast the navies of the world. She has her
mountains, and rivers, and waterfalls, without
number. Nor has all these great natural advan-
tages and resources been neglected—she is now
the first cotton-growing State in the Union; she
has sixty cotton-factories in operation; she has
her forges, foundries, and furnaces, in full blast;
she has six hundred and fifty miles of railroad in
operation, at a cost of §15,000,000, one hundred
and thirty-six of which were made by the State.
Her public debt is a little over §1,800,000. Two
hundred miles more of railroad is in process of
construction. She has four chartered universities,
nay, five, for she has one exclusively devoted to
the education of women. She was the first State
to establish a female college, which is now in a
most flourishing condition, and one of the brightest
ornaments of her character; she has four hundred
young men pursuing a collegiate course—a greater
number, he believed, than any other State in the
Union, in proportion to her whole population. Her
statistics, morally, socially, or politically, would
compare with any other State in proportion to her
population. He shcunk from no compaiison with
any upon these topics. And as for prosperity, he
believed that there was no spot on earth that was
her superior. The gentlemen from the North
spoke of population as the only index of prosperity.
They are always pointing to their numbers. Now,
the only correct principle on which to estimate the
relative prosperity of the country was, the ratio
between labor and its rewards. Upon this princi-
ple, he maintained Georgia was as prosperous as
any State in the Union, because in rio State could a
greater amount of human comfort be procured by
the same amount of human labor.
All these things would be found to be true if your
statistics he taken. These things you will see, and
he would tell them also what they would not see.
You will find nobody in that State begging bread,
