1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1971
"Resohcd, That the Committee on Public Buildings be au-
thor!/, cd to mvite plain, accompanied by estimates, for ihe
extension of the Capitol, and to allow a premium of $500
for the plan which may be adopted by the Committee on
Pubuc Buildings, acting jointly, of the two Housed of Con-
gress, to bfc paid out of the contingent fund of the Senate.
CLERK TO THE COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
The following resolution, which was submitted
by Mr. Norris on-Monday, •came up-on its third
reading:
" Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be authorized
to employ a clerk annually, whose duties, as .said commit-
tee snail direct, shall be the same as now performed by the
clerk of the Committee of Claims of the Hou>e of Repre-
sentatives, until otherwise ordered by the Seriate; to be
paid nv the Secretary of the Senate out of the contingent
fund «uch compensation as >lull he fixed by the committee,
not exceeding that allowed to engrossing clerks of the Sen-
ate."
Mr. CASS. I hope the resolution will not be
agreed to. This allowing of clerks to our com-
mittees will continue until every one of them
becomes an annual officer, and, for one, i am
opposed to any such system.
Mr. IsORRlS. I hope the resolution will be
agreed to. A similar proposition tfas referred to
the Committee of Claims at the commencement
of the session, which came from the Committee of
Claims at the last session, and was recommended
by them. The Committee of Claims being com-
posed of new members—a majority of them not
only of the committee, but of the Senate itself—
they delayed action on the subject until they might
be better qualified to judge whether it was proper
or not. They have come to the conclusion, with-
out a dissenting voice, to report this resolution.
The Committee of the House of Representatives
appoint their clerk annually, and they bear testi-
mony to the a;reat advantages to be derived from
it. It is proposed in this case, in addition to the
duties imposed on thecierk here, that during the
recess he shall make a digest and abstract, properly
classified, of the cases passed upon during the
session, it is of great importance to the commit-
tee to have an abstract and digest of what they do.
That process is now going on in the House of
Representatives, and they have some seven or
eis;ht clerks employed in bringing up such an ab-
stract from the commencementof the Government.
What we propose is to impose on our clerk the
performance of a like labor, so far as the action of
the present session is concerned, arid not to go
back, for that he cannot do. There is another
consideration in relation to this matter. The Com-
mittee of Claims have now before them a large
number of very important matters, "and it is pro-
posed, further, that during the recess the matters
which shall be undisposed of shall be thoroughly
Investigated. The committee, as it now stands,
would otherwise have to be discharged from their
consideration. The proposition is, that,urder the
direction of the committee, the clerk shall be em-
ployed in furnishing arid looking up cases which
bear on the cases to be settled hereafter by the
Senate. I believe that it is not only important,
but an act of economy that this clerk should be
kept at labor during the year. That is my belief.
"When clerks are asked for here (and it is all
proper) for the Secretary of the Senate, they are
accorded at once. When a bureau or a department
asks for clerks, they are also accordcd at once.
But when a committee of the Senate ask it, on the
ground that it will expedite their business, and
accomplish it in a more systematic manner, Sena-
tors rise and cry out, " extravagance !" These
very Senators will vote millions without a mur-
mur, for purposes altogether unnecessary, but
but when a committee of the Senate come here and
ask but for a clerk, to expedite their operations,
and enable them to discharge themselves of the
burdens under which they labor, the cry is, 41 econ-
omy," " economy." We ask but $,500 or £600
a year, at the outside, in order that we may be
able to discharge our duties properly and method-
ically, and I hope the resolution will be passed.
Mr. CASS. If the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire alludes to me, I can only say that on
every question I vote according to the best of my
judgment, and do not submit to the direction of
any committee. I am willing to receive their rec-
ommendations, and to treat them with respect;
but, when that is done, I give my vote according;
to whdt are my convictions of duty. It appears to
me that this is the commencement, the first step, of
a system that inevitably leads to the consequence
of making permanent every clerk of every com-
mittee of Congress. You cannot avoid it. h is
jusras sure as that to-morrow will come. I am
therefore opposed to it.
Mr. WALKER. I believe there are committees
which have had permanentcleik3 assigned to them.
I believe that a resolution has been offered to ffive
a permanent clerk to one or two of the other com-
mittees. 1 f I am not mistaken, I believe the Com-
mittee on Pensions has had one assigned to it. 1
should like to know whether that is.so ? j
The PRESIDENT. I am not aware that there !
has been a permanent clerk assigned to any com- j
mittee. During the recess between'he present and j
the next session, the Post Office Committee has I
been authorized to retain its clerk. But that is not j
a permanent clerkship. ;
Mr. WALKER. I was under the impression j
that both the Post Office Committee and the Com- [
mittee on Pensions had had clerks assigned to j
them during the recess. I merely wish to say that j
I am opposed to such a practice. The committee j
cannot be here during the recess, and as surely as
thev entrust the performance of their duties to
clerks, they will have to go through the whole of
them over again themselves, if there has been a
permanent clerk appointed for either of these com-
mittees, I now give notice that if I can obtain the
floor during the present session, I shall offer a res-
olution rescinding such appointments.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am a member of the
Committee of Claims, and know something of the
duties which the clerk to that committee has to
perform. I know that his services are necessary
to the interests of the Government. The House
of Representatives have given a clerk to its Com-
mittee of Claims for years, and great benefits have
been realized inconsequence. Iam satisfied, from
the amount of business now pending before the
Senate Committee of Claims, that the services of
this gentleman will be most useful between this
and the next session of Congress; and I am as-
tonished that there should be any objection to con-
tinuing this cleric, precisely as the clerk is contin-
ued by the Committee of Claims of the Hon<se of
Representatives. I hope the resolution will be
adopted.
Mr. TURNEY. I am opposed to the appoint-
ment of these clerks as much on the score of econ-
omy as from the effect it will have. When a
claim is unanimously reported from the committee,
we usually pass it without much investigation or
objection; and we are now told that they must
have a clerk to examine the claims, that tHey may
be prepared to report upon them—the committee
adopting what the clerk does, and the Senate
adopting what the committee does. Sir, we passed
a bill two or three months ago establishing a board
of accounts, by which it was designed that these
claims should'be referred to that board. I am
very willing that that principle should be carried
into effect. But to have all these claims presented
to Congress reported upon merely by a clerk, and
he, too, perhaps, paid by mofe than half of the
claimants for a favorable report, is carrying the
matter further than I can go. This clerk is to be
selected by the committee, and it is, perhaps, with |
them a matter of favoritism; for this same Com- i
mittee of Claims took some four or five months of
merely ask that, under the direction of the Com-
mittee of Claims, ihe clerk shall collect such in-
formation as he may be able to get, so that the
committee may act more promptly. J do not pro-
pose that, he should make out any reports at all.
Mr. DICKINSON. i perceive the impatient
feeling of the Senatevand therefore I shall not con-
sume their time on this question I have great
faith in the Committee of Claims, and I know the
feelings of prudence and sagacity and economy
which actuate its members. Still, 1 am afraid of""
this practice of giving permanent clerks to com-
mittees. It never has been done before, and I
should regret to see it done now, except upon the
fullest consideration and the most absolute neces-
sity. It is most likely that no necessity will exist
for such services after the next session of Con-
gress.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not know
what will be the duties of this clerk during the re-
cess, if one should be appointed. Committees are
obliged to report during the session, or else they
are discharged from the further consideration of
the subjects referred to them. In that case all the
papers come upon the files of the Senate. A com-
mittee in the House of Representatives is entirely
different from one in the Seriate. The two ses-
sions of each Congress in the House of Repre-
sentatives may be considered as one. The Senate
is a perpetual body, and everything done is an en-
tire thing. The cases are not parallel at all. I
cannot conceive what duties this clerk will have to
perform during the recess of the Senate, unless the
Senate submit to him the ^pers during the recess
also; and to that 1 object.
The question was then taken on the passage of
the resolution, and it was rejected.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. DA.YIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, and passed to
a second reading:
Resolved, Tnat the Serjeant-at-Arms of the Senate be
and he is hereby authorized lo place the name ot Felix D.
Ciueen on the roll of me>sengers, and that there be paid to
him, out of the contingent fund of the Senate, th^ same per
diem and compensation as is allowed lo the messengers of
the Senate, commencing with the present session of Con-
gress.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That Michael Dooley, who has charge of the
folding room, be continued by the Sergeant at-Arrn* during
the recesses of the Senate, to attend to ihe folding and send-
ing oft the documents of the Senators; and that the docu-
ment and mail wagons be continued in like manner^or the
i transmis>ion of ihe m.iil and document's as heretofore, and
! that the S< rgeam-ar-Arms employ such additional folders,
1 to be paid by the piece, at prices fixed by the Hou-ae ot Re-
; resentauves,it he deem n necessary for fini>hing the folding
| by the meeting of the next session.
| On motion by Mr. DODGE, it was ordered that
j it be referred to the Committee on the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate.
CHARLES STUART'S PENSION.
On the motion of Mr. WH.1TCOVIB, the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole, House bill No. 120, being an act for the
relief of Charles Stuart.
There being no amendment offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be read a third
time, and was subsequently read a third time and
the session to select their clerk from among the ,
different candidates who wanted the situation. passed.
Finally, they made a selection; and we are now n FORTIFICATION BILL.
asked that that clerk may be continued during the !| The bill from the House of Representatives
recess of Congress to examine these claims, so as II making appropriations for certain fortifications of
to be able to present them to the committee at the i| the United States for the year ending Juno 30th,
next session, the committee thereupon to make ' 1851, was read a first and second time by its title,
their reports, and these reports to pass through
Congress. Sir, ! regard it as transferring the
whole business of a committee to a clerk under a ,
compensation of four dollars per day. I am alto- j
gether unwilhng to confer any such power upon a |
clerk. 1 think that such a policy would be ruin- '
ous to the Treasury. I think that these claims had 1
better be examined by the committee themselves;
and I have no doubt that if they had no clerk at :
all, it would be all the better. The clerk is to re- ;
lieve the committee, and what he does, the com-
mittee do not do; and what they do, he does not
do; and 1 think that the committee themselves
ought to examine these claims and report upon
them, without the aid of a clerk.
Mr. NORRIS. 1 do not like to be misrepre-
tfd by any Senator here, neither shall I, if I
t 1 P     - U  I, I v-,n It a o !
can help it. I contend for no such thing as
been alleged by the Senator from Tennessee.
I i
and referied to the Committee on Finance.
LAND TITLES IN MICHIGAN.
The bill providing for the examination and set-
tlement of claims for land at the Sault Ste. Marie,
in Michigan, was returned from the House of Rep-
resentatives with the following amendment:
See. 7, line OS—after the word "expenses"strike out "and
to cover said per diern and expenses a sum not to exceed
■>'1 ;,{]!) )s hen-by appropimted, out of any money in tlie
Treasury not olhet wise appropriated."
On the motion of Mr. FELCH, the amendment
of the House was concurred m.
COMMISSARIAT DEPARTMENT.
The bill from the Senate to increase the commis-
sariat of the army was returned with the follow-
ing amendment:
Add lo the bill—" -■Surf he it enacM, That the senior aid-
ile-eamp of the inajor-<r.-iit'ral commanding the army may
be taken from the captains or majors of ihe army, anil shall-
