19.72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 25,
be allowed the pay and emoluments of a major of cav-
alry."
On the motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,
the amendment was eoncuried in.
GENERAL PENSION BILL.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the Senate proceeded
to consider, as in Committee-of the Whole, Sen-
bill No. 137, being the bill to regulate the pensions
of officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines, who
have been or may hereafter be disabled while-in
the service of the United States.
* Mr. JONES. In order to remove all the objec-
tions to this bill, in consequence of allowances
that may be thought extravagant, although the
committee have unanimously agreed to these
allowances as they are in the bill, I will move to
make such reductions as I think will induce every
Senator to vote for the bill. We have passed
many special bills for the relief of officers and sol-
diers who are disabled; but this a general bill,
which will embrace many cases, and avoid the ne-
cessity of pissing numerous bills in individual
cases. I move to strike out in the fourteenth line
of the first section the words " double the amount,"
and insert " fifty per cent."
Mr. HUNTER.. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from fowa that perhaps he can moke his bill
more acceptable to others, and accomplish all the
purposes he has in view, by striking out the fourth
section; and in order to show why I make the mo-
tion, if he will withdraw his motion I will ask to
. have a letter read which I have received from the
Commissioner of Pensions, in answer to a com-
munication from me, calling his attention to this
very case.
The letter wa3 accordingly read, as follows:
Pension Offick. 0, 18.)0.
Sir: I herewith return S.'n.ife lull No 1.37, " in regulate
the pensions of officers, sohheis, «.< amen, and marines who
have been or may hereafter be dwibled white in the service
of the United St.itcs "
The firsr three sections of tin- hill were suggested by me
in January, 1819; and it a law containing these sections
were parsed, the additional expendiinte would not amount
to twenty thousand dollar- at the hialuM calculation, as the
number of men disabled by the actual Icns of limb* or eyes
in battle does nor amount to more than one in til ly ot those
who draw invalid pensions'. But if th<* fourth sectioi, should
pass, the effect would he to increase the pennon of every
man who is now on the roll to Ueble orqtiddniple the amount
which he now receives From intle mor<. than three hundred
thousand dollar-, the amount of the pr< *eni annual expend-
iture for invalid pen^x-m^, thi> item would be increased to
eleven or twelve hundred thousand dollars.
By this lull the pen-urn-, of oihc< is would be increased in
most ca*es to the follow m«r rate* • Lieutenant Colonel, and
aUwluajrs above that givtde, ninety dollar* per month ; Ma-
jor,seventy tivo doll.ua pi r mouth; (Japtain, sixty dollars
per month ; First Lieutenant, tiliy-one dolluis per monih ;
Second Lieutenant, toitv-five dollars per month; Third
I .lieutenant, forty-two dollars per month : Ensign, tlnrty-nme
dollars per month.
J have the honoi to be, respectfully, >ourob"dit nt servant,
J. U. Kl)WARDS.
Hon. It. M. T. IIun ri.r, Senate of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. I will surest to the Senator
from Iowa that if he will withdiaw his motion, I
will move tp strike out the fourth scction.
Mr. JONES. ! am very confident, and the
other members of the committco aie confident, that
there is a mistake about tins estimate. The fourth
section provides for giving the same pension to a
man whose arm or leg is bent in consequence of a
wound, and is in such a condition as to be useless,
as to the man whose limb has been taken off. It
will be a great deal better in many cases to be
without the limb than to have one in the disabled
and u^clc.-s condition m which some of them are.
I think this is the fair interpretation to be given to
the to.rm disabUd.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to strike out the J
whole of the fourth section, which is in these '
words: i
_ "Seo. 4 Jbti Hit further eumMI, That til" terms 'lo.-s !
jr> biitllf' t>r .1 limb m   I I,, tin, aet) ^]I be con-
strue! to m>\'in -ucli ltyiirv to.ihmh or limbs *hnll de-
prive the Iicismi of Hie u.e of Micu-limb or limbs to tlie
degree uf tout) disability." j
Mr EWiNG. I have looked at the section -
with some care, and I certainly think it is ri-Jit. |[
If a man carnes about a disabled limb which is ij
totally useless, he >s^ worse off than a man who
has lost a limb. If tins fceetion should not be
struck out, 1 do not think that there will be a verv ij
extravagant expenditure, as has been nutated
1 he proportion of limbs utterly disabled cannot be
very great.
Mr. FELCH.
I apprehend the difficulty about
the effect of this section arises from this fact: The
words " total disability,'' as used at the depart-
ment, constitute a technical term, according to
which it is understood that the limb cannot be used
at all. And so of all other disabilities. The term
has reference to labor; whteh a man cannot per-
form in consequence of the injury received. This
term has had a long-standing and well-understood
meaning at the department, and the letter of the
Commissioner is founded upon the construction
given to that term. Of course he is enabled to de-
termine how many will be brought within the pro-
visions of this bills I am told they have the actual
knowledge at the department, which they had not
at the time the bill was first brought forward, as to
the number of persons who have suffered m this
way. At all events, f have no doubt the report of
the Commissioner is correct, taking into account
the technical meaning of the term which is applied.
Mr. JONES. I promised I would not consume
the time of the Senate in discussion; but 1 hope
the motion to strike out will not prevail.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I now move to amend the bill
in the nineteenth line of the first section, by stri-
king out " one hundred and fifty," and inserting
tk fifty." That portion of the section provides
for—
" Each commissioned officer, for the loss of a Teg or an
arm, double the amount of pension at present allowed to
any such officer, according to grade, for the highest disabil-
ity; and to all non-commissioned officers,, warrant officers,
petty officers musicifms, pnvates, seamen, and maitues, an
addition of [one hundred and] fifty per centum in each case,
in Iipu of the pen-mns now allowed by law to those persons
tor the hi'fjhfM drgtee of disability."
Mr. CASS. I wish to say that I trust no Sen-
ator will measure* the services which we propose
to compensate in this way, as they would measure
many other services. They are services which
were rendered with blood; these are pensions
bought with blood, and it becomes this Congress,
aait~is in the hearts of the American people, to
treat the^e persons with the utmost indulgence. 1
do trust the amendment will be agreed to.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. JONES, i now move to strike out the
word " treble," in the third line of the second
section, and insert the word "double." That
portion is in these words:
" Sec. 2. Jind be it enacted, That for the loss in hattle of
both <iye<, both lea;*, or both <mn>, commissioned officers ot"
every erinje shall receive [treble] the amount now allowed
by law :'oi the highest degree of disability/'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I move still farther to amend by
striking out the word " quadruple," in the sixth
line of the same section, and inserting the word
"double." The closing part of the section was
as follows:
" And all the persons wounded as aforesaid, shall receive
[quadruple] the amount now allowed by law lor the highest
degree ot disability."
The amendment \vas agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the first
section in the tenth line, by striking out the words
"when the original pension commenced," and
inserting the words " of the passage of this act."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. M -\SON. I have an amendment which 1
wish to add to the last section, as follows:
''That the pen-ions heieln authorized, ate hereby al-
lowed tor five ye.us to the widow, if there be one, if not to i
the children of the pet-,on, v\ho, if living, would have been >
entitled.y i
Mr. FSLCEI. I would like to inquire of the |
Senator from Virginia if he has any information I
by which he can make us acquainted with the I
number of cases to which this amendment will ap-
ply, and the amount of expense which will be in- :
curt red ? |
Mr. MASON. X have not that information. I
have offered that amendment because of this fact. :
One of the petitioners for a pension having- lost, an
arm, lived in the State of Virginia. Ho died
while this bill was pending, in extreme old age,
without ever having received the bounty of his j
country. i
Mr. FELCH. I merely wish to say that I j
t.vnk the amendment will open a verv wide door i1
if it shall be adopted. 1 hope that before such a '
provision is adopted, the matter will be referred to !
a committee, in order that we may have the infor-
mation we need as to the extent of its application.
A provision of a somewhat similar kind was in-
troduced a short time aga, and I asked to have it
laid over for the purpose of making inquiiies as to
its extent; and on inquiring at the Pension Office,
I ascertained that the amount of money which
would be requisite to meet the demand which
would be created by the passage of the provision
would be from $800,000 to $1,000,000. How far
this may extend, 1 cannot say. I hope we may
have further information with regard to the effect
of this amendment before we agree to adopt it.
Mr. SMITH. I have not attended particularly
to this subject, but it strikes me that if this amend-
ment prevails we shall be called on not only to
provide for the minor children of those who were
wounded and have died, in ease the widows were
not living, but for those who are adults; and not
only for those who may be poor, but for those
who are wealthy. I do not understand that that
is the policy of the Government. Congress has
provided pensions for widows often, and some-
times for minor children; but I do not know of any
instance where Congress provided for those who
were adults If we do it at all, we should so alter
and arrange th£ provision as to confine the pension
to those who are poor, t think the amendment is
altogether too vague to be adopted with safety.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think this amendment of the
Senator from Virginia is entirely too broad. The
case to which he has referred may have merit, and
if it has he can bring in a separate bill and get re-
lief. The Senate cannot now tell the number of
persons who may apply for relief under such a
provision, nor the amount of money which will be
expended. If the widow be dead the children are
to have it, and it will go still further. The effect
of it will be nothing more nor less than this: to give
pensions to agents and jobbeis. The effect will be
to set the men to work who live by that process,
to ascertain who are entitled to pensions, or who
may have a claim which by possibility may be
brought within the provision of the Jaw. 1 am
opposed to the proposition, for I think it a danger-
ous one.
Mr. SHIELDS. Let the amendment be con-
fined to widows and minor children. If it be adopted
as it now is, it wrll kill the bill.
Mr. MASON. This system of pensioning in a
popular Government is a very dangerous thing,
and yet we are driven to it. When a pension is
to be granted the law does not inquire whether the
| pensioner i3 able to maintain himself or not,
whether he is rich or poor. All are alike, from
the necessity of the case. Our policy in regard to
the military pensions has been that where the suf-
ferer is not willing to receive them, we should
grant a bounty to his widaw and children for at
least five years. I have not that prescience which
enables some gentlemen to say what will kill the
bill and what will invigorate it. I think the amend-
ment right, and I submitted it to the Senate for
their adoption.
Mr. JONES. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting before the word " children" the word
" minor," so that the amendment shall provide
that these pensions shall begianted to the widow,
j or, if there be no widow, to the minor children,
i Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I merely wish to
! state to the Senate that.the Committee on Military
Affairs have reported a bill to put the widows and
j orphans of soldiers of the United States army upon
i the same footing as the widows and orphans of
: sadois of the United States navy. By that bill, if
I a soldier is killed in battle, or died in consequence
| of disease contracted or injury received while in
the line of^his duty, his widow, or if he leaves no
widow, his child or children under seventeen years
of age, shall be placed on the pension roll. The
i bill provides that its provisions shall be retroactive,
so far back as the 7th day of May, 1845. We
had some hesitation in fixing the day, but it will
be in the power of the Senate to change it. But
the question can better be considered on the gen-
eral bill.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments which had been made in Com-
mittee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now renew the motion which
was rejected in committee, to strike out the fourth
section of the bill, and on that question I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I undeistand that this section
is recommended to be stricken out by the Com-
