818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
Where was that zealous supporter of the Consti-
tution—the gentleman from South Carolina, at that
#time? Where, too, was the gentleman from Ohio?
Were they not in Congress ?
Mr. WOODWARD. I was at home, sir.
Mr. THOMPSON. The gentleman says he
was at home. He is certainly always at home in
this House. This House was his home on that
occasion. Here we have the yeas and nays taken
oil that same day on another subject, and I find—
though 1 shall not take up time by reading them
through—I find among the
YEAS—Messrs. St. John, Schenck, Shepperd, Sherrill.
Truman* Smith, STEPHENS, Andrew Stewart, Strohm,
Tallmadgp, Taylor, Richard W. Thompson, Toombs, Tuck,
Vinton, Warren, White, and Wilson.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas, James Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston. Venable, Went-
worth, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilmot, and WOOD-
WARD.
1 believe this is the gentleman from South Caro-
lina.
Mr. WOODWARD. I thought the gentleman
referred to the bill for taking the last census.
Mr. THOMPSON. No, sir, the bill that was
passed in March last, for making arrangements
for the taking of the seventh census, together with
all these statistics. The bill passed without ob-
objection, for aught that appears unanimously;
and we have the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Miller,] and the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Woodward,] here in this Hall as is evi-
denced by the yeas and nays on the next bill on
the same day. Not a word about unconstitution-
ality then. Whence this new light upon the
subject. Upon the final .passage of the bill^the
vote was taken without a division, authorizing
statistics to be procured in regard to agriculture,
manufactures, commerce, education, and all the
other " topics," and to which the gentlemen now
so strenuously object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The bill to
which the gentleman alludes and for which I did
not vote, only authorized the Census Board to
prepare tables, to be submitted to Congress for
adoption or rejection.
Mr. THOMPSON. That will not do. Sir, the
bill 1 have just referred to, makes it the duty of
said board to
" Prepare and cause to be printed such forms and schedules
as may be necessary for the full enumeration of the inhab-
itants of the United Stales, and also proper forms and sched-
ules for collecting in statistical tables, under proper heads,
such information as to mines, agriculture, commerce, man-
ufactures, education, and other topics, as will exhibit a lull
view of the pursuits, industry, education, and resources of
the country."
Now, sir, where is the reference to Congress
to be made of these schedules? Th*gentleman
knows that the Census Board were authorized to
prepare the necessary schedules, and to print them
—print them all. Not a word about referring them
to Congress. The gentleman's explanation will
not do. Sir, gentlemen are in such a dilemma,
in one particular, somewhat like a struggling ani-
mal in a bog, the more it flounders the deeper
it sinks.
Mr. STEPHENS, of'Georgia. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania cannot suppose that the law
which was passed last year for making arrange-
ments for taking the census, directed that all the
information which might be called for by the
forms to be prepared by the Census Board, was
to be collected without the previous action of
Congress with regard to it. The bill directed
them to prepare tables; but those tables were not
to be acted on unless sanctioned by Congress.
Mr. THOMPSON. The tables to be pre-
pared were to be printed, to be used in taking
the census. I must say to the gentleman that
it seems to me extraordinary that he should
have sat still and allow the time of Congress
to be taken up by gentlemen asserting that
such things could be done, as taking the sta-
tistics of agriculture, education, and all olher top-
ics referred to in that law, while he believed it
to be unconstitutional to do so, without once
raising his voice against it. The gentleman was
here when that act was passed; because, on the
same day I find the name [Mr. Stephens] recorded.
Well, the same may he said of the gentleman
Jrom Ohio and the gentleman from South Caro-
lina. They were all here—it was all constitu-
tional then. What "change has come o'er the
spirit of their dream?" What has'made the gen-
tleman from Georgia so vigilant now, when so
3ilent before? I hope 1 may be allowed to sur-
mise—lam not Yankee enough to guess—I will
only surmise something that might be supposed to
have some influence on the gentleman's mind—it is
only surmise. In 1840, the gentleman ana his
party made sad havoc, through the medium of
the chickens of Mr. Van Buren's census law; and
may there not be some little fear that the Old
Hero of Buena Vista may have to suffer four
years hence on account of these statistics ? The
gentleman was not so vigilant—not so appre-
hensive of danger to this Government, from the
collection of information a year ago. He had not
awakened to, or discovered the danger that might
arise when the law of 1849 was passed. Is there
not something more in it than meets the view ?
Does not the experience of the past admonish
him to be .wary. I think it quite possible. The
census bill of 1840 was more minute, and
vastly more objectionable than the present. But
the gentleman's own friends greatly enhanced its
features against Mr. Van Buren—about the time
Mr. Van Buren had something to do with a sub-
treasury bill—a bill requiring specie payments.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would in-
quire of the gentleman if he means to say I made
such speeches in that campaign ?
Mr. THOMPSON. I cannot answer as to that.
Mr. STEPHENS. I can answer the gentleman
that I made no such speeches, but thought of that
measure just as I think of this now.
Mr. THOMPSON. I suppose the gentleman
was too young at that time to make many
speeches. But I recollect one thing very«well,
and it is, that Mr. Van Buren was in favor of the
sub-treasury and of specie payments. Well, sir,
the Whigs, in some sections of the country, circu-
lated caricatures, having the delineation upon them
of something in the shape of a chicken, with im-
mense claws, uttering, " This is Ihe specie claws."
[A laugh.] Now, the gentleman from Georgia re-
membering the past, may be afraid ofsome of these
caricatures in the future. Ridicule is a very un-
pleasant implement, but is no test of the consti-
tutionality or unconstitutionality of a measure.
Sir, in the bill of last session, the Board of
Census was authorized to prepare these schedules,
without reference to^Congress. Under the bill of
1810, the Secretary of State prepared the sched-
ules. Under that of 1830, the Secretary of State,
in conjunction with the President, prepared them.
In 1830, the Secretary of State prepared them,
and in 1840? he also prepared them. And they
were never submitted to Congress, nor was it pro-
posed that they should be. I remark this, to show
that it was not contemplated that the work of the
Census Board was to be submitted to Congress.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Miller]—and
I am very sorry he is nothere; he is a friend whom
I esteem very highly, and U gives me pain to differ
with him,—tells us that the act of 1840 was the first
act under which statistics were taken, and although
authorized by the act of 1820, the act was so far
repealed as to dispense with taking them. Never
was there a greater mistake. Why, sir, in 1810
statistics of agriculture, manufactures, and of
mines, were taken, and published, and the com-
pendium is to be found in the State Department.
In 1820, statistics of manufactures were extensively
taken and published. In 1830, an account was
taken of all those who had not been naturalized, and
1 believe pensioners. Where is the warrant in the
Constitution for this? And in 1840, statistics of agri-
culture, manufactures, and minerals, were taken
and published to the largest extent. And now,
sir, let me ask, who were the Presidents who sanc-
tioned those bills, and made those laws ? The bill
of 1810, which authorized the taking of such sta-
tistics, was signed by Mr. Madison. And I might
turn to my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,]
and say, that although 1 regaid him as highly as
any man in the world, yet I might be excused for
following after tne dim, distant light of Mr. Madi-
son's view on a constitutional question in pref-
erence to his brighter light on a similar subject.
It is possible I might arrive at as safe conclusion
under such guidance. Mr. Madison did not think
it unconstitutional. We are creatures of impulse,
and it depends somewhat on our own constitutions
what our views of constitutional questions may be.
We ought therefore to pay some deference, m view
of our fluctuating notions in regard to constitu-
tional questions, to the long-settled and well-estab-
lished principles that have been laid down by the
wisest men of thia country. 1 have no doubt that
if my friend from Virginia had been awaie that
Mr. Madison had given his sanction to the con-
stitutionality of these inquiries, he would never
have raised an objection upon constitutional
grounds. Yet, Mr. Madison, in 1810, signed the
bill for taking the census with statistics. Well,
how was it in 1820? Mr. Monroe, another light
from Virginia, which has illuminated this country
—another unquestionable authority upon consti-
tutional law—signed the bill for taking manufac-
turing statistics. The bill of 1830, which con-
tained the statistics ef unnaturalized foreigners,
was signed by that good and great man—General
Jackson. And in 1840, a similar bill was signed
by Mr. Van Buren; and the bill of last year by
James K. Polk. Aye, sir, and the respectable old
hero of Bueita Vista has given his sanction to that
act. The gentleman from Georgia ought to be
aware that he is likely to come into collision with
" Old Zack." And when the gentleman comes
in contact with such men as Madison, Monroe,
and Jackson, I feel that I have a right to assume
that the weight of authority is rather against him.
Now let us see what President Taylor says in
regard to this subject:
" By the act of 3d March, 1849, a Board was constituted
to make arrangements for taking the seventh census, com-
posed of the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, and
the Postmaster General; and it was made the duty of tins
Board £ to prepare and cause to be printed such forms and
schedules as might be necessary for the full enumeration of
the inhabitants of the United States; and also proper forma
and schedules for collecting, in statistical tables, under
proper heads, such information as to mines, agriculture,
commerce, manufactures, education, and other topics, as
would exhibit a full view of the pursuits, industrv, educa-
tion, and resources of the country.' The duties enjoined
upon the Census Board thus established having been per-
former!, it now rests with Congress to enact a law for carry-
ing into effect the provision of the Constitution winch re-
quires an actual enumeration oi the people of the United
States withm the ensuing year."
And here is another thing 
Mr. STEPHENS. I understand the g >ntleman
to say, that under the act of 1790,1800,1810, and
1820, agricultural statistics were collected.
Mr. THOMPSON. I did not say the act of
1790 and 1800.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have traced the different
census acts from the commencement of the Gov-
ernment down to the present period, and I have
the tables here that were contained in each bill.
The tables in the act of 1790 and 1800 authorized
simply an enumeration of the inhabitants; that of
1810 the same; that of 1850 nothing more; and that
of 1830 simply an enumeration of the inhabitants.
It was not until 1840 that that course was departed
from. It is true, that in 1820 there was authority
given to the collectors of the census to take certain
statistics, to be appended to, but they were not in-
corporated in, the census table itself. Here are
the tables set forth specifically in each act:
1790.
Schedule of the whole number of persons, with the division
allotted to Ji. B,
Names of heads of families.
Free white males of 16 years and upwards, including
heads of families.
3. Free white males under 16 years.
4. Free white females, including heads of families.
5. All other free persons.
6. Slaves.
1800.
1. Name of county, parish, township, town, or city, where
the family re-ules.
2. Names of heads ol family.
3. Free white males under 10 years of age.
4. Free white males of 10, and under 16.
5. Free white males of J6 and under 26, including heads
of families.
6. Free while males of 26 and under 45, including heads
offamihes.
7. Free white males of 45 and upwards, including heads
of families.
8. Free while females under 10 year* ofajre.
9. Free white females of 10 year'< and und  r 16.
10. Free win tc females ol 10 and under 26, including heads
<.f families
11. Free white females of26 and under 45, including heads
or families.
12. Free white females of 45 and upwards, including heads
of families.
13. All other free persons, except Indians not tated.
14. biaves.
1810.
1. Name of the county, parish, township, town, or city,
where the family re-idcb.
2. \7ames of heads of lamilj.
3. Free white mak> under 10 year>< of age.
4. Free white males of 10am! "under 16."
5. Free white male* of 16 and under 23, including heads
of families.
