1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
missioner of Pensions, who has examined this bill
thoroughly, and is conversant with the whole sub-
ject. I would rely on his judgment in this matter
more than upon the judgment of any one m the
circle of my acquaintance. I concur with him in
the opinion that this section ought to be stricken
out.
Mr. CASS. I know the Commissioner of Pen-
sions is an honest man. He has been in his offtee
for thirty years, but the nature of l$is investiga-
tions has, in a great measure, tended to make him
set his face against pensions. This is human na-
ture. But this is a question of which we should
judge for ourselves, ft is a question which every
member should vote upon,according to his own
judgment, and on his own responsibility.
Mr. HUNTER., f would simply state that the
Commissionerof Pensions says this fourth section
would increase our pension appropriation from a
little more than $300,000, the present annual
amount of expenditure for invalid pensions, to
eleven or twelve hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 hope the chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions will so modify
the language of this section as to secure what I am
sure he desires. This fouith section, as it now is
in the bill, uses a technical expression, " total dis-
ability. " " Total disability," as used in giving a
certificate, often means a disabdity that cannot in-
terfere with a person acquiring a livelihood in some
other way than he has been accustomed to. A
soldier, for instance, who should lose half of his
forefinger on the right hand, would be entitled to
a certificate of ts total disability," and would get
the highest rate of pension now allowed. So a
person that had been a clerk, but who had entered
the army, might have his left arm shattered; he
would then be totally disabled from performing
the duties of a soldier, but he might obtain a live-
lihood by following his former pursuit. I think
the Committee on Pensions only meant to consider
it a u total disability " when the injury ro the limb
was such that it mattered not to the individual
whether it was amputated or not. This would be
accomplished by making the section read, that
41 the terms Moss in battle' of a limb or limbs,
used in this act, shall be construed to mean such
injury to the limb or limbs as shall totally deprive
the person of the use of such limb or limbs." The
term " limbof course means an arm or leg, and
not a finger.
• Mr. JONES. I agree to that modification.
Mr. DAVIS. Between the ingenuity of claim
agents and the undefended condition of the Treas-
ury, nothing but the vigilance of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions saves the Treasury m regard to
these pensions. And I am inclined to believe that
it is better to strike out this section. Then, when
a case arises of the total disability of a soldier,
where the hmb was not amputated, it can be pro-
vided for by special legislation.
Tfie question being taken, by yeas and nays, on
the motion to amend by striking out the fourth
section, resulted:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Briaht, Butler,
Chase, Clarke, Ciay, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickin-
son, Dodge of Wisconsin, Down*, Feieh, Fuote, Gieene,
GJvvin, Hiitiilfn, Hunrer, Kuuc, JU^s-on, NWri*. Pearce, Pratt,
Sebastian, Sou!£, Spiuance, rjuclmvoofi, Whitcoinb, and
yulee—29.
•NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Ca^s, Cooper,
Pdj-ton, Ewifig, Fr6motii, Houston, Jonos, Morion, Busk,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Sturgeon, Turney, Wales, Walker,
and Wmthroj)—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, as follows:
"A bill to regulate the pensions of officers, soldiers, sea-
ni?n, and marines who have been, or may hereafter be, dis-
abled while in the service of the United States.
« Be it cnacted by the Senate anf/ House of flppresentaiires
of the United Slides of America xa Coujrres> a<*cmblcd% ') hat
from and after the parage ol thi^ act, e wry officer, non-eom-
missmued officer, mu?icwn, private, seaman, or marine, in
ihs> service of the United States, who has been or may here-
after be wounded in battle, and by such wound may or shall
have losta limb, shall he paid the following'-urns perinomh,
in lieu of pen?ioa heretofore allowed by law, the same to com-
mence at the time of the passage of this act: Each commis-
sioned officer, for the loss o! a leij or an arm, an addition of
fiftv per centum, double the amount of pension at prr-sent
allowed to any •such officer, according to grade, for the high-
est disability; and to ail non-commissioned officers, warrant
officers,, yeUv officers, musicians, privates, seamen, and ma-
rines, an addition of fifty per centum in each case, in lieu
of thf pensions now allowed by law to those persons for the
highest degree of disability: the pensions of the officers of
the navy and marine cm ps to be determined by then rela-
tive rank with the officer-? of the army.
  Sec. 2. Jind, be it further enacted., That for the loss in
battle of both eye«, both legs, or both arms, commissioned
officers of every grade shall receive double the amount now
allowed by law lor the highest degree of disability; und all
other persons wounded as aforesaid shall receive double the
amount now allowed by law for the highest degree of disa-
bility.
" Sec. 3. JJndbe it further enacted, That for the loss of a
leg or an arm in battle, the i>«rson so disabled shall be paid
according to ihe rate prescribed by the second section."
This bill was subsequently read a third timeand
parsed.
V7 SAFETY OF PASSENGERS.
The bill from the House to provide additional
security for the lives and property of passengers
in vessels? propelled in whole or in part by steam
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
THE GALPHIN CLAIM.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives to authorize the President of the United \
States to cause suit to be brought against George 1
W, Crawford, late Secretary of War, was read a
first time by its title.
The joint resolution was read a second time with
a view to reference.
Mr. BADGER. I can see no reason why that
resolution should not be passed without reference
to a committee. It is a measure which was intro-
duced into the House at the request of Mr. Craw-
ford. * I suppose there can be no objection to
gratify his wish on the subject, and I hope the res-
olution wtU be put upon its passage
Mr BUTLER.. t hope the resolution will he
acted on at once, with a decided opinion on rny
part that it ought not to pass.
Mr. DAWSON moved to refer the resolution
to the Judiciary Committee, which motion did
not prevail, and the resolution was considered by
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TURNEY. I have but a single remark to
make. I think the resolution itself will not raise
the question which it is proposed to raise and to
investigate before the courts: that is, to test the
correctness of the decision of the departments
here in paying the interest upon this claim. It
cannot do it, in the first instance, because Mr.
Crawford only acted as agent or attorney for the
Galphins, and if he received the money in the
character of ao-ent or attorney, the presumption is
that he has paid it over to the owners, retaining-,
no doubt, the fee which was to be paid him by
the contract with them. If this question is to he
tested, you must sue the parties who received the
money, and not the attorney who prosecuted the
claim. Ft is mere humbug to say that Mr. Craw-
ford was justified, or that the departments were
justified in paying it, on account of any decision
which the courts might make under this resolution.
The suit must be brought, not against the agent or
attorney whto prosecuted the claim, but against the
man who recovered the money. And besides,
from the provisions of this resolution, 1 take u
that, even if Mr. Crawjord was the proper pdity
to be sued, you could not get behind the decisions
of the auditors and comptrol'ers, and of the treas-
urer who paid the money. Their decisions would
be final and conclusive before the court. Thus it
would be a mere matter of mockery to authorize
the President to bring a suit in order to whitewash
the character of some man. I am opposed to
passing this resolution to authorize a judicial in-
vestigation for the purpose of whitewashing the
character of Mr. Crawford in this transaction.
You cannot reach the question of the correctness
of the decision of the department in paying this
money by any suit that can be instituted under
this resolution, because you cannot sue Mr. Craw-
ford, the attorney, and, secondly, because in any
such suit the decision of the auditor and treasurer
would be conclusive upon the court. The court
would have no right to reverse it. Their decision
would be the law "of the case. An act of Congress
confers the duty of making such decisions upon
these accounting officers, and there is no law
authorizing the courts to correct or reverse them.
No appeal can be taken, nor is there any mode of
revising the decisions of the accounting officers,
and hcnce t say this is a mere mode of white-
washing the character of Mr. Crawford, without
any possible hope even of submitting to the court
the correctness of those decisions. The court
would have no power to reverse or revise them and
render judgment against Mr. Crawford, even if he
was the proper man to be sued to recover this
money back. I hold that it is utterly unnecessary,
therefore, to pass any such resolution. In fact, I
think it is " throwing good money after bad "
incur the expense of a lawsuit merely for the pur-
pose of whitewashing the character of these
parties. *
Mr. EWING. I think the Senator from Ten-
nessee is entirely mistaken in all the positions ho
has taken in this matter. In the first place, he says
that the proposed suit is not against the proper in«
dividual, and that the suit cannot be sustained
against him, because he is only the attorney, and
not the party. Nov/, sir, this attorney received
the money, or a portion of the money, no matter
how much; but whatever portion of that money he
received, if he be sued for it, and if in his plead-
ings he do not set up the defence that he was at-
torney, the suit can be sustained. The case has
to be decided upon the declaration and the plea,
and you can sustain the action against him if he
admits that he received the money, and does not
plead that he received it as attorney. Now, he
says in his communication to the House that he
will not put in that plea. If he do, he is a dis-
honored man, as a matter of course, and there is
no " whitewashing" of character at all. But i un-
dertake to say that he will not plead nor set up a£
a defence that he received this money as attorney,
So that, as to that particular*point, it settles it
without any difficulty at all, just as if you sued
individual party instead ofsueing the attorney.
As to the next position, that the settlement of
this account by the accounting officer is conclu-
sive, Mr. Crawford says in his letter that he will
not set up that as a defence, nor will he set up any-
thing as a defence except the legal right, conferred
by law, to pay this money, and every part of it,
over to the parties. He will not set up as a de-
fence the fact that the accounting ofiicers have
acted upon it at all. In his pleadings he will pre-
sent the single and sole question, that the law of
1848 and the previous obligations of the Govern-
ment gave him the right to receive this money.
Well, if he does not—if the pleadings are present-
ed in that form, I need not say to every lawyer
that the question will be settled by our courts upon
the pleadings, and settled, therefore, upon the law
of the original case. It is no matter of whitewash-
ing at ail. If the pleadings be made fairly—If the
pleadings be set forth bona Jide, as he says he will
cause them to be set forth, the actual law of the
case will be presented;and if there has been black-
balling by the decision of the committee, there will
be nothing more than the wiping off of that black-
balling by the decision of the court, entitled to de-
cide upon the question of law, and having the
direct question before them, and nothing but the
question. 1
Mr. BUTLER. I wag one of those who thought
that this resolution ought not to go to the com*
rrittce, I think it unnecessary, because the sub-
ject is well undeistood. I object to the bill
upon this obvious ground, that we have no right
to make upc of the courts of the United States to
perform the office of arbitrator. We have no
right to devolve upon them the office of arbitrator
between gentlemen who may conceive their
honor involved m any matter in the administ-
ration of the Federal Government. To say the
least, this mode of proceeding is unusual. Can-
dor requires me to say that I believe that Mr.
Crawford, as a man of honor, would be guided by
what he has said, because I know the man: i be-
lieve he is wilting to have the matter fully investi-
gated before a court. But the court derives its
jurisdiction from the Constitution and laws of the
United States, and ought not to be made a review-
ing power of the executive decisions; and no
matter what he may say with regard to what he
will do or will not do, it will, to all intents and
purposes, be making use of that court a-s arbitra-
tor to decide between him and the Government.
Now, how would the mutter stand? Mr. Craw-
ford, in good faith—and his parole would qo very
fur with roe, and I would regard hiVwora as his
bond—pays that he will not plftid anything in bar,
but will go into a full and fair investigation, and
let the judgment of the court turn entirely on the
validity of that judgment made under an authorita-
tive decision of the Treasury Department. Well,
it may be so, or it may not be so; but suppose the
judgment of the court below is against Mr. Craw-
ford, in honor he would be bound by the state of
the pleading on which the judgment was rendered.
His sense of honor, and not legal obligation,
