880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1.
public, open, and notorious. We do not propose
to ask any questions in regard to the money,
stoeks, jewelry, and other items of wealth belong-
ing to the people. The inquiry is only as to such
things as are open, palpable, and discernible by
all. Can this be said to be inquisitorial? The
people will not think so.
I shall be obliged to curtail my remarks, on ac-
count of the shortness of time allowed me. I have
been somewhat in doubt, whether or not I should
not be overwhelmed with responsibility on account
of this bill. Perhaps I may, but I have less fear
of it than I felt some time ago. I will only say,
however, in regard to the social statistics—this
seems to be the point of attack, and is most strenu-
ously objected to—that I would like to knowof the
gentleman from Georgia, why we shall not readily
obtain answers to these inquiries ? The gentleman
seems to think that myreply to his inquiry was
neither sound nor fair. He asks me what legisla-
tion could be based on statistics of disease, and he
says my answer is ingenious but unfair and decept-
ive. lhave not appointed tRe£entleman to decide for
me, or to pass upon me. The answer I gave was,
that it might be of importance to collect these sta-
tistics,in order that they might a fib id a ground to
our action in regard to regulating the price of the
public lands. Another thing that struck me as
rendering these inquiries of importance, is this:
The world is looking upon our country as the
home and the asylum of the oppressed; foreigners
are flocking to our shores, and they will look to
these statistics to see how and where life may be
best preserved. Sir, will the information not be
of advantage ? In reference to the management of
our public lands, those that are in an unhealthy lo-
cation, we might give away. We gave to Louis-
iana an immense quantity of land, because it was
marshy, and i,t has been reclaimed by drainage,
and may possibly be rendered productive.
Mr. Chairman, I must turn my attention for a
moment to my gallant friend from Indiana; I know
his modesty well, and I am sure if he had been
aware that Madison, Van Buren, and Polk had
been all against him on this question, he would
have hesitated before he declared his opposition on
constitutional grounds. He will, perhaps, admit
that they are entitled to some respect.
Mr. GORMAN. Protective duties have been
asked at the expense of my agricultural constitu-
ents.
Mr. THOMPSON. And if it had not been for
the producers of Pennsylvania, the gentleman and J
his constituents might have been subjected to !
a worse evil than a direct tax. They would
have hardly existed at all. Sir, is there any ,
reason why gentlemen should make-war upon j
the manufactures of Pennsylvania, because their '
the aid which has been received from this govern-
ment, i "think it will not be difficult to show where
that aid has been the most freely bestowed. Talk
of buying Pennsylvania with specific duties! Sir,
I think I might be allowed to say, that if you
should bait your hook well with land, you might
find it quite as easy to catch Hoosiers. [A laugh.]
My friend behind me [Mr. Millson] asks for
an answer to a question which he propounds, but
I fear my time will not permit me to reply to him.
But I must make a simple remark in reply to the
gentleman. The only fault he seems to find with
the bill, is confined to the last two schedules in rela-
tion to church statistics. If he does not like that,
let him move to strike them out. Formy ownpart I
consider it important that we should collect inform-
ation in relation to the education and morals of
the country generally. But my friend does not
stop there. He gives us a little commentary on
the literary skill with which the bill has been
drawn up. I am not answerable for anything but
the amendments, it is enough for me to say, that
the gentleman's criticism does not add one iota to
the strength of his argument in regard to the con-
stitutional question. I have no doubt had the
gentleman drawn the bill it would have been fault-
less.
Mr. T. 's remarks having been terminated by the
expiration of the hour,
The committee proceeded to vote.
The state of the question was this: the first
section was under consideration, to which Mr.
Thompson, of Pennsylvania, had reported from
the Committee on the Judicary an amendment.
The section and amendment are as follows:
[The brackets indicate the parts of the section
which the Committee on the Judiciary of the
House propose to strike out from the Senate bill,
and the italics indicate the amendments which the
a time committee propose to insert:] \
i.—Of the Duties, Liabilities, and Compensation of i
Marshals.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Refrreseiitatives j
of the United Stale*; of Jlmericain Oongi ess assembled, That '
the marshals ol the several districts of the United States, in- '
eluding the District of Columbia and the Territoues, are |
hereby required respectively to cause all the inhabitants to I
be enumeinted, and to collect all the other statistical inform- !
anon within thtir respective districts, m the manner provi- j
ded for in this act, and specified in the instructions which
shall be given by the Secretary of the Interior, and in the
tables annexed, and to leturn the same to the said Se; retary I
on or belore tile fiist day of November next ensuing, omit-
ting from the enumeration ot the inhabitants Indians not
taxed: [also the statistics of agriculture when the annual
product of the faim is not equal to one hundred and fifty
dollais; also, the statistics ot other productive industry,
wheie the annual product of the establishment, exclusive
the first of October, and would consequently have
to conclude their work by the first of September,
as one month would be necessary to enable them
to prepare their tables and foot up their returns.
This, then, would allow the assistant marshals
but two months, from the first of July to the first
of September, to take their enumeration. He
proposed to allow one month longer. If the re-
turns were made to the Secretary of the Interior
by the first of December, it would afford ample
time to allow Congress to act upon those returns
and pass an apportionment bill.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved an amendment, to
strike out from the sixth to the tenth lrtie7 the
words:
" And to collect all the other statistical information within
their respective districts, ih the manner provided for in this
act, and specified in the instructions which shall be given
by the Secretary of the Interior, and in the tables annexed."
He said he would merely remark, that this
motion involved the entire question which had
been discussed for several days in committee.
He called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Kaufman
and Corwin were appointed.
Thequestion was taken, and the tellers reported—
ayes 40, noes 98.
So the words were not stricken out.
Mr. MILLSON moved a pro forma amendment,
with the view, he said, of replying to a portion of
the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Thompson.] The gentleman had referred to
the authority of Madison 
Mr. ROOT interposed to a point of order, and
said he thought it was clear that the gentleman
had five minutes under the rule to explain bis
amendment and not to debate. •
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the rule confines the member offering an
amendment to an explanation of the amendment,
and therefore, that the gentleman from Virginia is
not in order in going into general remarks in reply
to other gentlemen.
Mr. MILLSON acquiescing in the decision,
resumed his seat.
j Mr. MATTESON moved to amend the twenty-
I second line, (near the close of the section,) so as
j to read, " Provided, however, if the time assigned
] ' for making the returns shall prove inadequate for
j ' any State or Territory, the said Secretary may
' extend the same," &c.
j He said he saw no reason why the time should
| not be extended as to the States, if necessary, as
well as to the territories. This proposition would
iiie niaiiuiaciures oi rennsyivanta, oecause then- II iTpSputaonVpr^
products, were injured anil depressed, and they ii making the lerurns shall prove inadequate lor the Territo-
 ^ s I ries, the paid Secretary may extend the same: Provided,
jj further, If there be any district or territory of the United
I' States in which there is no marshal of the United States,
ij the President aba)] appoint some suitable person to dis-
j chaige the duties aligned hy thi* act to marshals.
madatheir wants known to Congress ? They have
asked nothing that was improper in itself; it was
their duty to ask and yours to refuse, if you
chose—but is that a reason, a justification, of a con-
tmued disposition to war upon .hem ? 1 can tell the ;| Mr. VINTON had subsequently (yesterday}
gentleman that among them are men of as much j^noved an amendment to this section, the question
ge,nm"° TIT 38 a"y 5ere-of as ''! uPon winch was the pending question.
much ci tivation, as much deserving of respect as ,( Mr. VINTON withdrew his amendment
any gentleman here. 1 hey have never asked for i| The question recurrin°- on the amendment of the
anything that was not in their belief calculated to i| Judiciary Committee, (above given,) was taken and
sustain the glory of their country and its best inter- ,
ests. The manufacturers of Pennsylvania are !
not wanting in patriotism. But, sir, 1 must com- i
mend myself to patience—I always try to do so, ;
when I hear gentlemen who know nothing of the j
subject, talk of the manufacturer's interest in Penn-
sylvania. They have never asked for anything un- i
constitutional. But, let me remind the gentleman '
that Indiana may have some sins to answer for too. I
She has asked for the continuation of the national |
road; she has asked for hundreds of thousands of !
acres of public lands for the purpose of constructing I
railroads. What Indiana has asked, Congress i
may refuse. Pennsylvania has asked^ for nothing .
that she might not ask, or which would be im- .
proper in Congress to grant,
Mr. BOWLIN. The expense of the national I
road through Pennsylvania is greater than that ;
through Indiana. i
^Jr' THOMPSON. I have said nothing in re- '!
«MTt\|I°nlyiSay,thll'!hemiMfMlllrershave couia commence their duti
of domestic inanul,mures in families, is not equal to live I w .. .  r--r  
hundred dollars;] niso, at the diserf tion of  nut Secretary, i1 enect the same object aimed at by the gentleman
"""* from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] If it were
adopted and the time should riot be sufficient for
the marshals of the States, as well as of the terri-
tories, to make their returns, the Secretary of the
Interior could extend it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, was un-
derstood to say, th'at the gentleman would find
other provisions in the bill which would accom-
plish his object.
Mr. MATTESON (resuming) said there might
I, be cases, e. g., California, and perhaps others, in
'j which the marshals would be unable to make the
!, returns within the time specified. He thought,
therefore, that it should be left with the Secretary
, of the Interior; if any extraordinary case did occur
1 in which it was impossible for the marshal to
make his returns, the Secietary of the Interior
' should have at his discretion to extend the time.
Mr. ORR added a word of explanation of the
propriety of providing for an extension of the time
to meet any contingent delays that might anse.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsyl \ arna, sn£^f;.vteti
to the gentleman from New Yoik to modify bis
amendment so as to apply to "any Slate which
may hereafter be admitted." He thought the tune
prescribed was sufficient for the present States.
Mr. MATTESON declined to accept the sug-
gestion.
The five minutes having expiied,
I he question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend by in-
serting 111 the sixth line, after the word " inhab-
itants" the words " including the Indians and the
names of their respective tubes;" so as to read,
" to cause all the inhabitants, including the Indians
decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The first section being still under consideration,
Mr ORR moved an amendment to strike out in
the eleventh line "November" and insert "De-
cember,'' (the time at which the marshals are re-
quired to make their returns to the Secretary of the
Interior.) I
Mr. O. explained that the object of the amend-
ment was to give the deputy marshals more time
to make their returns. He referred to the acts
passed providing for taking the sixth census, !
which, he said, required the assistant marshals to I
commence their enumeration on the first of June '
We were now within thirty days of the first of !
June. Before the printing could be done and the
forms sent off to the different marshals throughout
the United States, the first of June wou!d°have
amved. After that period all the marshals would
have to appoint their assistant marshals, and before ,!
these could commence their duties it would be the
were required to
come to settle accounts, asto |! shab wou^ht^ ^ lhe,r ,e^eclive r'ibes' t0'be
