1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 25,
would lead him. In the event of his death—the
suit abating—it couid not be revived; or if re-
vived, his executors might be under a high duty
to file a plea in bar to defeat the acficrn.
Mr. EWiNG. No,sir. I need not say to my
learned friend that they would have to abide by the
pleadings below.
Mr. BUTLER. There are a great many ways
of amending the pleadings below.
Mr. EWING. No, they cannot do it.
Mr, BUTLER. 1 do not undertake to say that
it would be so in this case. 1 know very well
that the pleadings and judgment in appellate tri-
bunals must rest entirely on the pleadings and the
judgment upon them in the court below. But I
say that this mode of entertaining a matter of this
kind is making use of the courts for purposes not
contemplated by the Constitution of the United
States. It never has been done. Now with re-
gard to the nresent state of the law: This money
was paid over under the adjudication of the audi-
tor and approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. That judgment_or proceeding is final. It was
paid, therefore, on a judgment, or that which has
the operation of a judgment, and that judgment
secures Mr. Crawford against any right, per lege,
of the Government to recover it back, and I have
no idea of interposing. Mr. Crawford has given
his word, and as I have said, ! believe he will
abide by it, but there is no security that Milledge
Galphin or others may not be sued by the Federal
courts and brought within the scope of the judg-
ment. i conclude as i began, by saying that it is
making the court an arbiter, which is not a part of
its office nor within its usual and proper juris-
diction. It will, in effect, give it the office of re-
view over a distinct department of this Govern-
ment.
Mr. DAWSON. I regret very much the tone
and manner of the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Turnet] on this subject. Mr. Crawford has had
a great deal said in relation to him in connection
with this particular claim; and when gentlemen
use the term "whitewashing" in relation to his
character, they ought first to understand the nature
of the imputation that they are making, and
whether they can sustain the accusation against
Mr. Crawford in relation to this matter. 1 demand,
as the friend of Mr. Crawford, to know what part
of his conduct in relation to this matter needs
"whitewashing'' What infamy or impropriety
has been attached to him in relation to this matter?
Where are the occasions upon which he has not
acted openly, fairly, and holdly, in relation to this
matter? When was it that he ever forfeited his
honor or his character either as an individual or
as a politician ? What part of his conduct during
his administration of the'War Department needs
"whitewashing," even by a decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States? I know the'
Senator from Tennessee did not, in using the word
"whitewashed," intend to convey a charge incon-
sistent with honor; at least, I think not.
Mr.TURNEY. If the Senator will allow me,
I wi<l say that 1 made no charge—I intended to
make none when I spoke of whitewashing. Mr.
Crawford himself feels that there is something
hanging suspended over him, otherwise he never
would have made the application to Congress. He
felt it when he first asked an investigation in the
House. That investigation resulted unfavorably to
him, and now to get rid of that—for it only plunged
htm lower in the public estimation—he sends here
a proposition for a judicial investigation, in order
to whitewash those reflections which have been
cast upon him by the proceedings of the House
and by what has transpired.
Mr. DAWSON. What part of the proceed-
ings of the House casts any imputation upon Mr.
Crawford ?
Mr. TURNEY.N They speak for themselves.
Mr. DAWSON. And they cast no imputation.
Sir, it is ungenerous an4 unkind, in the absence
of thi3 gentleman, where he has not the opportu-
nity of vindicating his own honor by taking part
in the debate, to insinuate anything against him,
calculated to do him injury before the country
that he has served. Mr. Crawford, in this trans-
action, has acted with a marked honor and pro-
priety. His hand, his finger has not been laid
noon this claim improperly. The claim was passed
by the proper departments of the Government, and
us payment was sustained by the late Attorney
General of the United States, who, with an honor
and magnanimity which I trust will always ac-
company him, said that if there was any blame
in relation to this matter, it was upon him, and
he published it to the world. The late Attorney
General (Mr. Johnson) has published his opinion
and his evidence, and assumed the whole respon-
sibility like a man. Then how can it be brought
up here, before the American people, and charged
that this is a measure to " whitewash" George
W.Crawford? But, Mr. President, what is he
to do ? When the bitterness of party, and the un~
kindness of personal relations will circulate repoi ts
throughout the country injurious to his reputation,
how is he to meet it? He can only to do it by
the mode he has adopted. What is it ? He comes
before the country, and notwithstanding that he is
shielded by the Constitution and laws in the pos*
session of the money, yet as doubts have been ex-
I pressed whether that money went honestly and
justly to the representatives of Galphin, he says,
so far as he is concerned, here is every dollar of
that money. Now, adjudicate it before any tri-
bunal you may select. Congress proposes to se-
lect the Supreme Court of the United States, com-
mencing m the district court and carrying it up to
the Supreme Court. What for? To u whitewash"
the character of George W. Crawford by a decis-
ion of the Supreme Court? And will the Supreme
Court make a decision to whitewash his character
against their oaths and the high obligations of
their dignified position? Why, it is a charge
againstthem. And, when Mr. Crawford has pur-
sued only the course which justice, honor, and
propriety demanded of him, he is charged heie as
coming with a view to whitewash" his reputa-
tion, stained of course by some previous conduct!
But, as the Senator from South Carolina said, Mr.
Crawford's honor is known, and his parole would
carry weight wherever honor and honesty are to
be found. Gentlemen say they will not grant this
investigation. And why? Because the Supreme
Court may support the construction of that law
given to it by the departments of this Govern-
ment, and their sanction would be a protection to
the past Administration from this slander, and
that is the thing to be feared. It is not a '* white-
washing," but it is subjecting the vindication of
Mr Crawford and the last Administration to the
decision of the Supreme Court as the final arbiter;
and their decision, when pronounced, will give
satisfaction to the entire country, where party
motives and personal feelings do not interfere to
prevent.
I did not expect, at any time, to be called up in
relation to this claim. I w^s not in Congress when
it passed. Other gentlemen passed the law, and
they passed the law subject to that construction :
which has been made by the proper departments
of the Government, and we are willing to abide by
it. But others are not, and the only way to give
the whole matter a proper bearing, is before the
Supreme Court of the United States. Mr Craw-
ford abandons his legal right to defend himself
against any suit whatsoever. He abandons all
that, and co'mes here and says I will abide by the
decision of the Supreme Court, and not put in any
plea 
Mr. GWIN. Will the gentleman give way for
a motion to postpone the biil till to-morrow >
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir; 1 have but a few
more remarks to make. 1 did not know before of
the existence of the report of this committee, nor
did I know 'what its contents were until I beard it
read by the Secretary. I wished to have the reso-
lution referred to the Judiciary Committee, for the
purpose of placing before that intelligent commit-
tee, having a full knowledge of the laws of the
country and of the Constitution, the question
whether, by an agreement between the parties, this
suit could be ordered. As it has been declared by
the immediate representatives of the people that a
suit shall be instituted against Mr. -Crawfoid, I go
for the institution of it, and if Mr. Crawford is
not sustained by the decision of the Supreme
Court, then let him pay back every dollar, as he
will do without a moment's hesitation.
Mr. COOPER. I have but a word to say. I
desired to obtain the floor after the Senator from
Tennessee, to say that I did not concur with him
in the views which he has expressed. And I de-
sired to suggest, what was very properly suggested
by the Senator from South Carolina, that m the
event of Mr. Crawford's decease, there are pleas J
that may be taken advantage of that would pre-1
elude recovery on the part of the United States,
notwithstanding originally there was no right on
the part of the Government to pay the money to
Mr. Crawford. There is a distinction, well known
to every lawyer, between the recovery of money
paid through a mistake of law, and that paid
through a mistake of fact. Here, if there is any
mistake at all, it wasa mistake of law, and accord-
ing to the decision of the courts, both of this coun-
try and of England, money paid through a mistake
of law cannot be recovered back, and if advantage
of this be taken by the executors of Mr. Craw-
ford, of course the merits of this question could
not be inquired into. On that point the case would
turn, and it would turn in favor of the defendant
in the suit. If Mr Crawford lives, under his let-
ter he would not take advantage of that plea, or
any other of that nature. And nfi doubt, as the
gentleman before me [Mr. Ewing] stated, the mo-
ney was received by him, he would not set up
that it was received by him as attorney, or plead
any plea that would prevent the merits of the case
from being investigated. But, as life is uncertain,
he may die, and as his administrators and execu-
tors would feel bound themselves to take every
legal advantage, the bill before us therefore is im-
perfect. It does not present, under all the circum-
stances which may occur, an issue to decide what
was intended by Mr. Crawford to he decided when
he addressed his letter to the House. I believe
him to be a man of high honor, and have no doubt
whatever that he would be governed by the propo-
sitions in that letter; but if he should die, the case
would be different
Mr. GWIN. I move to lay the resolution or>
the table, so that we may proceed with other busi-
ness.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to engage for a mo-
ment or two the attention of the Senate on the
question presented in this joint resolution. In the
first place, I desire to say that I do not agree with
my friend from South Carolina, that there is any
objection in the form proposed by the House of
Representatives to be given to this investigation.
I do not understand how it is, in any sense, making
a court of the United States an arbitrator to decide
this question. There is a \ery clear general prin-
ciple, that if a man is in possession of money
which belongs to the Government of the United
States, that Government has a right to institute a
suit, and by that suit in the proper tribunals to
compel the payment of the money which this in-
dividual holds, and which belongs to them.
Mr. BUTLER. I will, "with the Senator's per-
mission, ask him a question, which perhaps may
shorten this argument. It is, whether the Gov-
ernment could at this time sue Mr. Crawford?
Mr. BADGER. My friend generally antici-
pates. An argument consists of steps, and I was
going on step by step to present my views OB this
question, when my friend asks me a question
which I must inevitably answer before I get
through, and while I am stating premises which
lead to that conclusion. The general principle is,
as I stated, that if A is in the possession of money
belonging to B, B has a right to sue and recover
it; and I supnose there is nothing clearer than that
the United States have the same right to recover
the money,which A is in possession of, belonging
to th$m. I believe there is nothing to prevent it.
It would be very strange, indeed, if, when there
is in the possession of an individual money belong-
ing to the United States, the Government would
not have the faculty which every individual or
corporation has, to institute a suit for tt3 recovery.
Then, that being clear, the only difficulty that
could arise with regard to the institution of a suit
against Mr. Crawford would arise from the pro-
ceedings in the executive department. That is all.
The nature of the claim is properly a judicial one;
the right is properly assertable in a court of law.
The United States is a proper and competent party
to assert such a claim, and the only reason why
there is any embarrassment on the subject, arises
from the proceedings which have taken place in
the executive department. Now, they have noth-
ing more to do with the subject than they would
have in an ordinary case of a claim by a party, or
a release wfrich might be pleaded in law against
him. The fact of the existence of the release
would not change the nature of the claim. Giuite
the contrary. It is.still a legal claim, and the re-
lease is a legal impediment to its recovery. If the
