THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session*.
FRIDAY, MAY 3, 1850.
New Series.....No. 56.
He remarked, in explanation, that he believed
that the information which would result from the
inquiry he proposed would be very useful in assist-
ing- the legislation of Congress. It was known
that the frequent occurrence of Indian hostilities in
the territories of the United States, and upon their
borders, had for many years past made it
necessary for the Government to maintain a military
force to suppress these hostilities, and punish
those engaged in them. This information as to
names of these tribes and their respective numbers,
wouki be valuable in enabling them to legislate
more judiciously in reference to the military force
necessary to the suppression and punishment of
those hostilities.
In addition to this, it would certainly.be very
agreeable, and very desirable to the House to
know something of the condition of this class of
our population. We found (hem originally in
great numbers; they were now very rapidly di-
minishing. It was due to them as well as to our-
selves, and to the cause of humanity, that we
should take some account of them.
Mr. HARALSON was understood to inquire if
it would not be necessary to accomplish this ob-
ject to send military forces with the marshals who
attempted to take the enumeration ?
Mr. McCLERNAND. Not at all. I do not
propose any impossibility. As a western man,
who have lived upon the frontier, I know that this
information might be obtained 
Mr, STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Allow me
to ask whether the Indians will answer if they
have constitutional scruples about it? [Laughter.]
Mr. McCLERNAND repeated, thatit wasprac-
tlcablc to obtain the information, and proceeded
further to remark, that the information would be
very interesting in connection with the territorial
question. Congress was -called upon to g-ive ter-
ritorial governments, to the Territories of Utah and
New Mexico: one of the most urgent reasons
for doing: so was to protect the inhabitants from
the hostilities of the Indians. This information
would be valuable as tending to shed light upon
this subject.
Mr. STRONG- inquired if the amendment of
the gentleman embraced the Indians in those ter-
ritories which were not organized?
Mr. McCLERNAND replied that it applied
only to the organized Territories.
The hammer here fell.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. SIBLEY, in accordance with his notice of
yesterday, moved to amend by striking out, from
the 18th to the 20th lines, the words "also, at
the discretion of said Secretary, any part or all
the statistics of the territories except those of
population."
lie said he saw no good reason why the people
of the territories should not have the same statis-
tics collected as the people of the States. He
hoped there would be no objection on the part of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thomp-
son,] who reported this bill, to striking out these
wotds.
Mr. THOMPSON was understood to say that
the manufacturing and agricultural establishments
in the territories were very small, and that the
statistics concerning them had never been taken in
any previous census bill.
Mr. SIBLEY said the agricultural productions
of the te ritories were quite ns Isrge as those of
some of the States, and he knew no reason why
they should not be given. It would involve very
little expense. He hoped the amendment would
prevail.
The five minutes here expired.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, however,
by the indulgence of the committee, explained
that the bill provided that the Secretary of the
Interior could dispense with the statistics of the
territories or take them, at his discretion. That
was just as it ought to be. He saw no necessity
for the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
56
Mr. MILLSON moved to strike out, in the tenth
line, the words " and in the tables annexed."
Mr. MILLSON said, that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] had endeavored
to sustain the right of the Government to make
the inquiries, and collect the information provided
for in the bill reported by-him, by saying that
similar provisions in the census bills of 1810 and
1820 had been sar ctioned by Mr. Madison and Mr.
Monroe. He had inquired if he (Mr. M.) was aware
of this fact, and had assumed, that if he had been,
he would hot have expressed any doubts of the
constitutional power. Now be would say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he (Mr. M.)
was not uninformed as to the provisions of those
"bills, and he could at the time have replied to the
inquiry addressed to him, believing that he remem-
bered the provisions of these bills with sufficient
accuracy to enable him to correct the erroneous
impressions of the gentleman; but'he preferred to
fortify his recollection by the production of the laws
themselves. He had them now before him, and
he would say to his friend from Pennsylvania, that
there was nothing in either of them at all opposed
to the views he (Mr. M.) had expressed. The
gentleman would find, on referring to them, that
there was nothing in these laws which subjected
any person to any fine or penalty for refusing to
answer any inquiry, or which, indeed, subjected
them to any inquiry at all, upon any other sub-
ject than the census of the inhabitants. Now as
to the returns which the marshals were required
to make of the manufacturing establishments, the
gentleman would find that there was no provision
in those laws subjecting the people to any penalty
for refusing to give information upon'such subjects.
The marshals were simply directed to take an
account of the manufacturing establishments
within their districts; this they could do without
subjecting the people to inquisition; and whether
they could or not, certainly no authority was
given to compcl such information. Now he (Mr.
! M ) did not doubt, that the Government might
j require returns to be made by its agent3 in many
: cases, and it very frequently7 did so, without com-
plaint from any quarter. But what he (Mr. M.)
had protested against, was the right of the Gov-
ernment to compel the citizens of the United
States, by the infliction of fines and penalties,
to give to the census-takers information respecting
their private and domestic concerns. And the
gentleman from Pennsylvania would find that
neither Madison nor Monroe had ever sanctioned
such a doctrine as this, by approving the bills
in question; for these very bills, while they im-
posed fines for refusing to answer questions in
reference to the census of the inhabitants, which
was a constitutional object, omitted to impose a,
penalty for refusing to give any other inform-
ation.
Mr. M. withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MORSE observed, that if the friends of the
bill had no further amendment to offer to the first
section, he would then move to strike out the en-
tire section; and as that %as equivalent to the final
rejection of the hill, that it would be in order to
discuss it upon its merits. Mr. M. said he could
not in the five minutes allotted, argue the consti-
tutional question; but there was one duty imposed
upon us by the Constitution, about which there
was no dispute. The Constitution imposed upon
us the duty of taking the enumeration of the in-
habitants once in ten years. He would not endeavor
to follow or weaken die lurninous argument of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens;] but this
he would say, that entertaining constitutional ob-
jections to this system of espionage embraced in
the hundred questions required to be answerad, he
would vote against it. If the Constitution was to
be violated, he preferred to violate it by an act of
omission, rather than of commission; and if the
friends of this bill think, that because the duty is
imposed upon us to take a census, that we can be
brought to vote for all manner of idle and ridicu-
lous and unconstitutional matters, they were greatly
mistaken.
He did not doubt that Congress bad power to
lay taxes on many of the objects enumerated, and
of course had the right to have them enumerated;
but in this case it was not pretended that the ob-
ject of the enumeration was for the purpose of
taxing them.
When the Constitution gave a power, all the in-
cidental power proper and necessary to carry the
main power into effect was also granted; nor would
he go so far as to say, that the incidental power
might not be exercised without the exercise of the
main power—as the right to build forts, fortifica-
tions, (fee., might be constitutionally exercised with-
out going to war, which was the main power, but
the distinction was this—(and the gentleman had
argued as if before a court of justice. Now, no one
doubts that a court would hold any of these inci-
dental powers constitutional, because they were
necessary and proper, hut every man had a tribu-
nal in his own bosom)—if this information was
wanted for the purpose of exercising the taxing
power; it is constitutional; if not, it is a mere
pretext. Could you build <t fortification where it
was not necessary and proper, to give balls in,
whether in time of peace or war?
The Chairman's hammer fell.
Mr. MORSE withdrew the amendment.
Mr. FITCH moved to amend the first section
of the bill, in the tenth line, after the words " and
in the tables annexed," by adding the following
words, "and all in Pennsylvania—how much per
cent, protection is required to buy the manufac-
ture interests of that State for the support of a
| tariif.
J Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, raised the
I question of order on the amendment.
Mr. FITCH said, he presumed that it would
be in order for him to submit any remarks which
went to explain the amendment. The explana-
tion he intended to make would be very brief.
Mr. STRONG (interposing) desired, he said,
to be informed by the Chair, whether the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch]
had been rultd to bem order?
The CHAIRMAN said, he had not yet read the
amendment. And the Chair directed the amend-
ment to he read.
Mr. RICHARDSON now raised the question
of oider, whether the gentleman had the right lo
move to strike out any part of the first section?
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
The reading of the amendment was called for.
And, having1 been read,
The CHAIRMAN said, that he was under the
necessity of ruling the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. FITCH said, very well, it was not mate-
rial. He could reach his object in anmher wey.
He moved to amend the first section of the bill, m
the tenth line., by striking out the words, uin the
tables annexed," and inserting the woids which
he would send to the Chair..
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in or-
der. The gentleman can move to strike out, but
cannot move to insert.
Mr. ROO T called for the reading of the amend-
ment.
Some conversation followed on a point of order,
whether the amendment had not been offered and
decided before.
The CHAIR ruled the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. FITCH said, he should endeavor, under the
rule which allowed five minutes for the explanation
of amendments, to state what his object was. The
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr.
Thompson, of Pennsylvania,] who reported the
i bill, had taken occasion in referring to the argument
! of his (Mr. F.'s) colleague, to stigmatize the citi-
zens of Indiana as being- 
Mr. ROOT intei posed, and submitted, as a point
of order to the Chair, that the gentleman was not
speaking in explanation of his amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON inquired how it was pos-
sible for the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] to
know whatapphcation of his remarks to the amend-
ment the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] was
going to maker
