1976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. .26,
itself into-Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Strong in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the support of the army for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1851.
The state of the question, when the committee
rose last evening, was as follows:
Mr. Calvin had moved to strike out the section
" for purchasing a site and commencing the neces-
*sury works for a national armory at 4 Fort Mas-
'sac,' near the confluence of the Cumberland,
* Tennessee, Ohio, and Mississippi rivers, pursu-
* ant to the provision of the act of September,
41841, and to the report of the commissioners ap-
4 pointed under said provision, twenty thousand
* dollars, to be applied under the direction of the
'Secretary of War."
Mr. Bowlin had moved to amend by inserting
after the word " armory" the words " at or near
St. Louis."
And this was the pending question.
After an inquiry by Mr. RUMSEY, as to the
state of the question,
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Bowlin was rejected.
Mr. ALBERTSON moved to amend by insert-
ing in the clause the words " Carmelton, Indi-
ana."
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Albertson was rejected.
Mr. BURT moved to amend by inserting after
the word " armory" the words " near Fort Mas-
sac."
Mr. B. said, he should contribute his full share
in diligence and silence to the disposition of the
public business, and should not, therefore, incon-
siderately trespass upon the time of the committee
at this late hour in the session. But he desired to
call the attention of the committee to the fact that
Fort Massac had been pronounced the most eligi-
ble site on the western waters, and he begged that
the committee would not hastily reject a site hav-
ing such prestige to commend itself to the consid-
eration of Congress.
Mr. ANDERSON inquired of the Chairman,
whether an amendment to the amendment would
now be in order?
The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative.
Mr. ANDERSON moved to amend the, amend-
ment by striking out the words " near Fort Mas-
sac," and inserting the words " at or near the
town of Chattanooga.''
Mr. A., in explanation, said: Mr. Chairman, I
have no wish, at this late period in the session,
to detain the committee but a few minutes in the
support of the amendment 1 have had the honor to
offer. It would be impossible for me, in the brief
space of five minutes allowed by the rules, to do
anything like justice to the important question pre-
sented in the section of the bill now under con-
sideration.
If convenience and facility are to be consulted
in the location of an armory in the western or
southwestern country, there are certainly but few
spots in either of those sections which possess
these in a more eminent degree than that desig-
nated by my amendment. Railroads diverge from
Chattanooga in almost every direction—many of
them already completed, and others under contract,
which, together with the noble Tennessee river,
afford every facility for transporting troops and
munitions of war to all points of the compass, that
the greatest emergency could possibly require.
Chattanooga is in daily communication with the
Atlantic at Charleston, in South Carolina and at
Savannah, in Georgia; and a year or two more
will put it in like Communication with the western
waters, at Nashville and Memphis, while the rail-
road which is now being constructed from a point
near that place, intersecting the Southern and At-
lantic Railroad, and wending its way through upper
East Tennessee to the Virginia line, thence to Alex-
andua, will place Chattanooga on the line of the
most direct and speedy communication between
the two great sections of this Confederacy. This
latter road is, with a few brief intervals, now under
contract, and will be speedily pushed to comple-
tion. So, Mr. Chairman, on the score of facility,
no point possesses greater advantages than the one
I have named.
In regard to the subsistence of troops, and the
materials necessary to construct the contemplated
works, and the manufacture of arms, I am sure
that no one at all acquainted with the country I
represent, will pretend that it is surpassed in these
particulars by any other location, either on the
western waters proper, or in.the southwestern
country. All these things, too, can and will be
furnished at or near Chattanooga, at as reduced
prices as they can be procured for anywhere in
this country. Without detaining the committee
•further, then, Mr. Chairman, I may be permitted
to express the hope that my amendment will be
adopted, and that armory, if located at all, will
be located in the gallant State I have the honor, in
part, to represent, and at the point designated.
Mr. BURT said he would only reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Anderson,]
that he (Mr. B.) had no object whatever in con-
sulting the interests of the State of South Carolina
in the appropriation bilk, nor had he ever done so.
He consulted the interests of the whole country,
not of his particular State. He had only further
to remarkv that Fort Massac was the only point
which had been selected by a board, and the only
one which, in his judgment, should now be consid-
ered by the committee. If the committee were
opposed to that site, he trusted that they would
reject any other proposition which might be
offered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Anderson was rejected
Mr. CASEY moved to amend the amendment
by striking out the words "near Fort Massac,"
and inserting " Louisville."
Mr. MEACHAM rose to a point of order.
He was understood to suggest that that proposi-
tion had already been voted upon.
The CHAIR was understood to explain that it
was St. Louis and not Louisville which had been
voted upon.
Mr. CASEY then explained that his object in of-
fering this amendment was, generally, to suggest
that since the examination upon which this appro-
priation was based had been made in 1841,
the circumstances and condition of the country
had greatly changed,and that he thought Con-
gress should delay its decision upon the subject
until other examinations had been made; they
could then act understandingly.
He proposed to withdraw the amendment.
Objection having been made, the amendment
was not withdrawn.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Mar-
shall and Mr. Burt.
Mr. BURT expressed a desire that a vote
should be taken on his proposition, so as to put
an end to the matter.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi opposed the
amendment to the amendment as calculated to
embarrass the final adoption of this clause of the
appropriation bill. He desired to see an armory
established in the Western country, where it was
greatly needed. About its locality he should not
be particularly anxious, were it not for the reason
that if this particular site was defeated, the work
must be defeated also, until other examinations
had been made. He could see no reason why
it should* not now be adopted. The point
which had been selected was admiiably adapted
to the purpose, and he should regret if the House
should adhere to the determination to strike out
that point.
Mr. MEACHAM called for the reading of the
amendment; which was read.
The question on the amendment to the amend-
ment was then taken.
The result of the vote was not Ifeard on the left
of the Chair.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Fe\therston and Duncan weie appointed.
The CHAIRMAN again requested gentlemen
to vote, so that the committee might not be left
without a quorum.
The question was again taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 76, noes 58.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. BURT moved to strike out the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is already
pending.
Mr. McCLERNAND sent up an amendment,
which he desired to offer, but it was not at this
time in order.
Some conversation occurred between Mr. SAV-
AGE, Mr. McCLERNAND, and the Chairman
as to the precise state of the question.
The CHAIRMAN announced the question to
be on agreeing to the amendment of the gentlemaa
from South Carolina [Mr, Burt] as amended.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected—ayes 53, noes 74.
The question recurred on the motion to strike
out the paragraph.
Mr. SAVAGE moved an amendment to the sec-
tion, providing that the armory be located at the
falls of the Caney Fork of Cumberland siver,
Warren county, Tennessee.
He was in favor of the general proposition that
a western armory should be established, and advo-
cated the site which he proposed as the most eiii-
gible. He mentioned, as a reason why Fort Mas-
sac was selected, the fact, that at the time of
selection almost the only practicable means of com-
munication was by the river, but he urged that
with the facilities afforded by the present railroad
communications, other places might be reached
with equal ease—among which was the place he
had designated—the peculiar advantages of which
he pointed out and urged upon the committee,
stating that there was now a railroad running
within fifty miles of that point, and that it was
proposed by the citizens of that county-to extend
it to within twelve miles.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Savage was rejected.
Mr MARSHALL moved an amendment, to
provide that the site should be "at or near the
falls of the Ohio river." He said he was not par-
ticular on which side of the river the location was
made. He was willing to leave that to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of W^r, If it was preferred
to be in Indiana—a free State—where free labor
would be employed, he should not make that an
objection. He pointed out the peculiar advantages
of the location on the points of water-power, ur-,
interrupted communication with all points on nav-
igable waters, and in the valley of the Mississippi,
hy railroads diverging from it in every direction,
and urged the selection of this site.
Mr. GAMPBELL. I think, Mr. Chairman,
the time of the House is now too precious to be
consumed with unnecessary discussion, or a repe-
tition of these amendments. I am'opposed to the
amendment just offered, but anxious to meet the
main proposition.
I am opposed to fixing the site of a western ar-
mory at this time. It is evident, from what^we
have already seen, that there is scarcely a member
from the West, who does not seem to think, that
the Very best site is to be found in his district. I
frankly confess that such is the fact so far as I am
concerned. There are at least two suitable points
in my district, which command greater facilities for
such an establishment than any which have been
proposed. It will be observed, by referenceto the re-
portofthearmory commissioners to which reference
has been made that the advantages for one of these
points (Hamilton) are forcibly presented. ^1 be-
lieve the only reason why that point was not rec-
ommended above all others examined by the
armory commissioners, was the fact, that at that
time we had not the necessary facilities for trans-
portation. Railroads, however, are now in^rapid
pregress of construction, which connect Hamilton
with the Ohio river, the lakes, and westward to St.
Louis^&c. A vast water has been made available
at that point. In fact, sir, a very different state of
affairs now exist throughout the entire West, from
that which existed when the report was made,
near ten years ago. Sir, wonderful changes are
produced in the West in ten years. Where the
wilderness was then unbroken, you now hear the
shrill whistle of the locomotive. New mines are
discovered where before none were supposed to ex-
ist. All these circumstances—these rapid changes
m the character of the country, render it particu-
larly important that we should be slow to locate
such an establishment upon a state of facts re-
ported ten years ago. It would be far more wise
to postpone action on this subject until a new re-
connoissance shall be made.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am not fully satisfied of
the necessity of such an expenditure, and until I
am so satisfied I will not vote for it. I do not
know that the country is suffering for want of fire-
arms of any description, Illinois certainly does not
need them; because I have no doubt a half dozen
rusty muskets may at any time be found in any
bar-room in the State, and that on the common of
any village a mx-pounder is standing unused and
uncarred for, except on the fourth of July. If
