1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
Mr. MEADE declined to accept the suggestion,
preferring the amendment in the form which he
had proposed.
Mr. DUNCAN called for a division fof the
question, so as to vote first on striking out and
then on inserting.
The CHAIRMAN said the motion to strike out
and insert was not divisible.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MEADE moved then to amend by simply
inserting in the 6th line before the word " enumer-
ate," the words " to the best of my ability."
Mr. FOWLER moved to amend the amendment
by inserting in lieu of the words proposed by Mr.
Meade, the word " faithfully." He, however,
subsequently withdrew his amendment.
The question was taken oil Mr. Meade's amend-
ment, and tellers having been ordered, viz: Messrs.
Henry and Beale, they reported, ayes 70.
The question was given up by the negatives
without a count.
So the amendment was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, of Maryland,
A verbal amendment was agreed to, to substitute
for the word " magistrate" in the 12th line the
word "judge."
A similar amendment was agreed to, on motion
of Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania, to strike out
in the 14th line the words " presume to."
Mr. PHELPS moved an amendment to add at
the end of the section the following: ** And the
oath required by this section may be taken before
the judge of any court of record."
He said, although an amendment somewhat
similar to this had been proposed and rejected by
the committee, he was of opinion that some such
provision should he introduced into the bill. It
was provided, as the section now stood, that the
oath to be taken by the marshal should be admin-
istered by the judge of a United States court.
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and stated that
upon examination of the amendment, he felt
bound to rule it out of order, because it was pre-
cisely the same amendment, in the same words,
that had been rejected by the committee.
Mr. PHELPS said he would modify it verbally
in any way, so as to bring it within the rule.
This inconvenience (he continued) would arise:
if the judge of the United States court should
happen to be absent from this time to the 1st of
June—the time for the marshals to enter upon the
discharge of their.duties—the marshal (of a State
in which there was but one United States judge)
would be obliged to go into another' State to find
another judge, or to hi¥U up his own judge. In
his own State, where there was but one United
States judge, he knew that the judge intended to
be absent. To avoid this unnecessary inconve-
nience, and perhaps defeat of the law, he moved
his amendment, and would modify it as follows:
"And the oat!) required by this section may hp taken be-
fore a judge of any court of record of any State or Teru-
soiy."
Mr. MORSE said, if the Chair held the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri to be in or-
der, an amendment could properly be moved to
that amendment. He therefore moved to amend
the gentleman's amendment, so as to provide that
the oath might be taken before any person author-
ized to administer an oath.
He proceeded to say that he saw no necessity at
all for administering an oath to the marshal,-for
upon entering upon office he took an oath'faithfully
to discharge all the duties required of him by law.
They imposed upon film additional duties, and re-
quired him to take an additional oath; but they
did not design to keep a record of that fact. No-
body pretended that if he did not take the oath
in due form it would invalidate his action. He
saw no necessity for requiring the marshal to
take an additional oath; but if it were required,
he thought they should be satisfied if it were taken
before any person authorized to administer an
oath.
The CHAIRMAN (upon further reflection)
ruled out of order both the amendment of Mr.
Phelps and that'of Mr. Morse.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the section by inserting m the fourth line,
after the word (( United States," the words " or
before any justice of the peace authorized by law
to administer an oath."
The CHAIRMAN, remarking that this amend-
ment varied from that previously rejected, ruled
it to be in order.
Mr. HALL moved to amend the amendment of
Mr. Stevens by inserting in lieu of it the words
" any judge of a court of record authorized by
law to administer an oath."
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to the
amendment out of order.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
the amendment of Mr. Stevens, by inserting in
lieu of it the words, " or before any judge of any
State court."
The amendment of Mr. Evans, and the amend-
ment as amended, were agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved to strike out the entire
second section.
The great difficulty, he said, in getting this sec-
tion right, was that gentlemen had different opin-
ions as to who should administer the oath to the
marshals. JNow he thought there was no necessity
at all for administering an additional oath to these
officers. The Jaw of the land required that the
marshal, before he entered upon the discharge of
the duties of his office, should take an oath faith-
fully to execute all lawful precepts directed to
him, and in all things, without partiality or preju-
dice, faithfully to discharge the duties of his office
according to law. [He read the form of the oath.]
Now if duties were imposed upon him by subse-
quent law, he was as much bound to execute them
as if the law had been in for^e prior to his enter-
ing upon his office. A judge might, with the same
propriety, be required to take a new oath to faith-
fully administer every law passed affer he entered
upon the discharge of his duties, as a marshal
was required to take this additional oath. He
saw no necessity at all for this additional oath,
especially as he had precious little faith in prom-
issory oaths. He had never yet heard of but one
case of an individual being prosecuted for peijury
for the violation of a promissory oath.
Mr. MARSHALL (Mr. J. yielding for expla-
nation) asked, in case a marshal who took an oath
two years ago to discharge his'duties, made false
returns under this law, if he could be prosecuted
for perjury, unless he had taken the oath which
was proposed in this bill to discharge his duties
under this uct?
Mr. JONES. I suppose so.
Mr. MARSHALL. Clearly not.
Mr. JONES. There are official duties imposed
upon him by law, and before entering upon office
he took an oath faithfully to discharge all duties
required of him by law.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, inquired of the gen-
tleman if every previous census bill had not re-
quired such an oath to be taken?
Mr. JONES replied that that might be, but it
was no reason why they should not correct the
errors of former Congresses.
As he had before said, he had but little faith in
promissory oaths. If the marshal were an honest
man, he would perform this duty correctly accord-
ing to the best of his knowledge and ability; iif he
were a dishonest man, all the oaths which could
be imposed upon him would not make the matter
any better; and it was, in his opinion, idle for the
Congress of the United States to require promis-
sory oaths.
The question was taken, and the amendment was
rejected.
Pending further action—
On motion, the committee rose, and
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees: -
Ry Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky The memorial of
Ebenezei Jayne, of Pendleton countw Kentucky, who was
shot through the head and wounded in the leg, at the bat'le
of Lundv's Dane, and who was rendered thereby lame and
partially deaf, dumb, and blind, askinz an increase of pen-
sion from eight to sixteen dollars per month.
Also, the memorial of William Giacy, of Kentucky, a
wounded soldtei of thy Mexican war. asking a pension.
By Mr. GOTT: The memorial os John Matthews and
othets, citizens of Oswesro county, New York, against the
admission of more slave States into the Ctnon.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Onondaga county, New
York, for the same purpose.
Also, the memorial of citizens of Onondaga county. New
York, for lepeal of laws enacted by Congress for the sup-
port of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Al-o, the memorial of citizens of the same place, for
freedom m tho teiritories.
Also, the memorial of citizens of the same place, for trial
by jury to alleged fugitives.
Also, the mernoual of citizens of Essex county, New
York, for cheap postage.
By Mr. WALDO : The petition of Israel E. Hutchinson
and 32 others, electors of the county of Tolland, Connecticut,
praying tor a uniform rate of postage, not to exceed one cent
on newspapers and uvo cents on each prepaid letter of
half an ounce, for all distances.
By Mr. HIBBABD: The petition of Hannah Phelps,
widow of Samuel Phelps, a revolutionary soldier, late of
Byron, Maine, piaying for a pen-ion.
By Mr. FOWLER : The petitions of citizens of Bristol,
Warren, Newport, and Providence* Rhode Island; and of
Fall River, Massachusetts; and of New York, praying that
a beacon hght-bou-sp he erected on Sandy Point, on Provi-
dence island, in Narraganset bav.
By Mr. FITCH: The petition of members of the "Teach-
er^' Ins-mute" of Northern Indiana, in session April 16,
1850, at La Poi te, asking a reduction of postage to two cents
per half ounce on prepaid matter.
a lso, two >eveial petition^ of citizen* of Kosciusko couniy,
Indiana, a^kinsr that no Sute he here.ifier adinittc' into the
Union unless the constitution of «.ueh Siatn piohibitslavery;
and that slavery be prohibited in all the United States ter-
ritories.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 1, 1850.
The^ICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
afe a communication from the Commissioner of
Patents, being; part No. 2 of his annuai report for
the year 1849, containing agricultural statistics,
genera! view of American agriculture, agricultural
meteorology, report of Professor Lewis C. Beck
on the breadstuff's of the United States, reports and
letters relating to crops, miscellaneous communi-
cations, analytical tables, statistical tables, &c.
Mr. SEWARD moved that the reading of the
communication be dispensed with, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. TURNEY moved that thirty thousand ad-
j! ditional copies be printed for the use of theSenate,
l[ and five hundred for the use of the Patent Office;
Si which motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
jj CREDENTIALS OF HON. JEFFERSON DAVIS,
jj Mr. FOOTE, in consequence of an error being
ii discovered in the credentials of the Hon. Jeffer-
son Davis, of Mississippi, elected a Senator from
that State for the constitutional term of six years,
from the 4th of March, 1851, which were pre-
sented yesterday, asked leave to withdraw them
from the files of the Senate, and that the Journal
be so amended as not to state the fact that, they
had been presented. The error consisted in,the
use of a wrong figure,*1852 instead of 1851, as
the period when the honorable Senator's next term
will commence, the correction of which renders it
necessary to return the credentials to Mississippi.
The motion was agreed to.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Bene-
dict J. Heard, asking indemnity for losses sus-
tained in consequence of the destruction of his
property by the enemy in the last war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of the
heirs of John Chalmers, asking indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1800; which was or-
dered to he on fhe table.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
citizens of the State of Iowa, asking a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Davenport to Council Bluffs; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. YlITiKE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave 'o i Uroduce a bill to provide
additional rules of settlement in the adjustment of
accounts for supplies furnished to*volunteers m
the service of the United States; which was read a
firet and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affoirs.
■resolutions.
Mr. WALX£ER submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration, which lies over under the
rules:
Raolvcd, That the Secretary of State be required to in-
form the Senate what measure* he has taken upon the me-
morial of Ladislas Wankowita, gie.it grand nephew of
Geuetal Thaddeu< Kn*citisko. and f-a-pard Tochnnn. at-
torney of the heirs of General Ko«ciu?ko, comphinin{
against Alexander de Bodiseo, Minister irom Ru-sta, ac-
credited to tins Government.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
