1800.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
men, and in the minds of the civilized world, were
doomed to a fatal and most discreditable disap-
pointment. The Government of the United States
suddenly found its energies all shrivelled and
wasted away, its strength diminished to a state of
perfect impotency for the accomplishment of this
generous scheme of sympathy, so boldly planned
and so pompously announced. The Government
of the United States could not find ships in our
navy suited to the great purpose, the attainment of
which seemed so desirable to the Executive and
his Cabinet advisers. I will not undertake to
gainsay this avowal of inability on the part of
the nation which has been so formally vouched; it
would be ungracious in me to do so; but I beg
leave to say that I deemed it unfortunate at the
time—and { think all will admit now that it was
unfortunate—that the Executive and his Cabinet
council did not look a little more closely into the
matter, as practical men, before they undertook to
enlist in a project, however generously conceived,
which they had not first ascertained their ability
to accomplish. They should have weil explored
all the difficulties of the scheme before they ven-
tured to commit themselves and the nation in the
presence of the civilized world. It is certainly
not a little deplorable that they did not ascertain
that they could do something in a spirit and man-
ner that became this august Republic, before they
undertook to awaken a general anticipation, which,
after ail, has been so signally defeated. Before
they challenged the whole civilized world to be-
hold and to admire the magnanimous scheme of
relief in which they had resolved to enlist for the
rescue of the distinguished Sir John Franklin,
cruelly imprisoned, as my friend from New Jersey
has said, amidst huge mountains of ice, they ought
to have been well assured that they themselves
would not be compelled to recoil from their own
scheme, either by want of ability or dread of pop-
ular condemnation. I wish, I say, sir, that they
had looked with a somewhat keener scrutiny into
this matter, in its inception—because this affair,
as now presented, does look a little like an instance
of solemn trifling with a great and interesting un-
dertaking. it cannot but be considered by many,
that the President and his Cabinet advisers have
at least committed themselves quite hastily, with-
out due consideration (and as some may suppose,
but as I do not expressly charge, disgracefully,)
and in a manner somewhat unstatesmanlike.
Such, at least, is the appearance of the affair at
present; and in accordance with this view of the
matter, I know that many of our citizens of high
standing have expressed themselvqp orally and in
writing. Others, agaip, have thought and asserted
that the execution of this scheme was declined
from a dread of responsibility to the people of the
United States, who might perchance, after all, con-
demn instead of approving it. Certain it is that
it was carped at by certain newspaper editors; cer-
tain it is that the President and his Cabinet were
censured, as 1 then thought, more or less ungener-
ously; certain it is that the scheme of the Admin-
istration, as originally projected, has not been
executed; nor does it now seem desirable to its
friends and supporters here that it should be exe-
cuted at all, at least in that national spirit in which
it was first conceived and announced to the world.
Now, sir, what is it proposed that we shall do?
It is proposed that, inasmuch as the Government
of the United States has become suddenly be-
dwarfed in its faculties, and has lost all its effi-
ciency for the execution of a noble undertaking,
that has once found favor in its eyes; and, inas-
much as this Government, whose naval power is
now the object of admiration to all nations, is not
able to supply ships suited to an interesting pur-
pose of exploration; or, perchance, since pecuni-
ary means for the execution of this grand schemc
are not possessed by the Government, one Mr.
Grinnell—a respectable man, I admit—a man o!
wealth, doubtless, for so the fact is asserted to be
by honorable Senators here—is to be allowed to
step in and monopolize the whole glory of the pro-
ject; that he, whose arms are stronger than the
arms of a nation; he, whose purse is more fully
replenished with gold than that of one of the rich-
est nations in the world, shall be allowed to fit out
the expedition according to his own individual
judgment, whilst this Government shall become,
not a dormant partner, (that would be bad enough,)
but shall become an openly declared, but yet a de-
cidedly subordinate partner in the concern: so far
at least as to supply officers, sailors, and so forth,
according to the terms of this resolution; thus
yielding all the honor of the expedition to Mr.
Grinfiell and subjecting itself in all likelihood to
the pecuniary losses which may be incurred,
should it turn out in the end that this expedition
is not successful. Certain, or next to certain it is,
that if any vessel shall be lost, or if any great
pecuniary injury shall ensue from the adoption of
this resolution and the sailing of this expedition,
we shall be called upon, as has been the case in
every instance of this kind heretofore, to answer
for all losses.
Mr. MILLER, (in his seat.) That is provided
for.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand that, and I know
too that similar provision has been made before;
yet we have been called on to remunerate losses
which were not anticipated even when the indi-
vidual who urged the Government to engage in the
enterprise expressed a willingness to save the
Government from all losses.
Now, I undertake to say that the Government
cannot engage in this enterprise without a serious
loss of dignity at least. I am not willing that
this Government should play second fiddle to Mr.
Grinnell or anybody else, or that, after having
originated the project, in its more national aspect,
it shall be called on to follow the lead of Mr. Grin-
nell, with laggard and faltering steps, confessing
all the while us feebleness and impotency, and its
dependence upon Mr. Grinnell. No, sir; if any-
thing is to be done, let it be done with a due regard
to the honor of the nation, and with a full view of
the responsibility connected with our acts; let the
Government proceed with a deliberate and resolved
willingness to meet all responsibility which may
be connected with its own chosen policy. I de-
sire, if we are to do a good act, that we shall per-
form it with a proper regard to the honor of the
Republic, and that we may so demean ourselves in
performing it as not to become the laughing-stock
of the civilized world.
I have heard it said that the British Government
has already done as much as is necessary towards
attaining theJnteresting object of the resolution
before us, and ccrtainly, so far 03 time is con-
cerned, I should fear we are too late to have much
participation in the glory of discovering Sir John
Franklin and his companions. I apprehend that,
in permitting twelve months to pass'away after
this undertaking was first thought of by the Gov-
ernment, the only opportunity of doing good or
acquiring honor in this affair, has been suffered to
pass by unimproved. SulJ, I am willing, for one,
to take my share of the responsibility of doing
now all that we may feel justified in doing by our
obligations to maintain the Constitution inviolate.
But this poor, pitiful partnership, if it may be
called a partnership, set on foot by Mr. Grinnell,
and to exist between him and twenty millions of
people, I would say, but for the respect; I have for
the honorable gentlemen who advocate it, I \iew
with infinite disgust; and if it is adopted, I doubt
not that it will be an object of contempt and ridi-
cule to the whole country, and, indeed, the whole
civilized world.
I will not say that I suspect a speculative con-
trivance on the part of the projector of this scheme,
but I confess it seems to me to look a little like it.
1 do not say that I doubt whether the gentleman
who has entered upon this enterprise, has done so
with honest intentions and a pure zeal; but I am
unvvillmgto join in the act proposed, because I
believe, as I have endeavored to make manifest,
that it will compromit the dignity of the nation,
and subject us to ridicule and denunciation, both
! abroad and at home.
Mr. SEWARD. , I am happy to perceive, Mr.
President, indications all around the Chamber that
there is no disagreement in regard to the import-
ance, or in relation to the propriety, of a search
on the part of this nation, by the Government
itself, or by individual citizens, for the lost and
heroic navigator. Since so much is conceded, and
since I come from the State whence this proposi-
tion emanates, I desire to notice, in a very few
| words, the objections raised against the mode of
carrying the proposed design into cffect. It is
always the case, I think, when great objects and
great enterprises, which aie feasible, are hindered
or defeated, that they are hindered or defeated,
not so much by want of agreement concerning
the measures themselves, as by diversity of
opinion concerning the mode of carrying them
into execution. Since this is so generally the
case, the rule which I always adopt, and which
seems to be a safe one, is, that where I cannot
have my own way of obtaining a great public
object, I will accept the best other way which
opens before me. Now, i cordially agree with
those honorable Senators who would have pre-
ferred that at some appropriate lime, and in some
proper and unobjectionable manner, the Govern-
ment should' have moved for the attainment of
this object as a Government, and have made it
exclusively the act of the nation. And I would
have preferred this, not so much on account
of the glory that it is supposed would have fol-
lowed it, as because of the beneficence of the en-
terprise. Enterprises which spring from a desire
of glory are very apt to end in disappointment.
True national glory is always safely attained by
prosecuting beneficent designs, whatever may be
their success. 1 say, sir, then, that I would have
preferred the alternative suggested; but the fact is,
without stopping to inquire where the fault lies, or
whether there be fault at all, the Government has
not moved, and the reason which has been as-
signed is, I have no doubt, the true one. 1 do
not know that it has ever been contradicted or
called in question; that reason is,* that the navy
of the United States contains no vessels adapted
to the enterprise, but consists of ships corstructed
and fitted for very different objects and purposes
than an exploring expedition amid the ice-bound
seas of the Arctic pole. Our naval marine con-
sists of vessels adapted to the purposes of convoys,
military armament, and the suppression of the slave
trade on the coast of Afiica. The Executive por-
tion of the Government failed for want of vessels
suitable to be employed in this particular service.
It therefore devolved upon the Legislature of the
I United States. But although we have been here
now nearly five months, no committee of either
House, no memberof either House of Congress has
proposed to equip a national'fleet for this purpose.
While this fact exists on one side, it is to be re-
marked on the other, that the time has arrived in
which the movement must be made, if it is to be
made at all, and also that a careful investigation,
made by scientific and practical men, has revived
the hope in Europe and America that the humane
! object can be attained. There can, then, be no
j delay allowed for considering whether the manner
of carrying the design into effect could not be
changed. Let us, then, practically survey the
case as it comes before us. The Government of
the United States has really no vessels adapted to
the purpose. To say nothing of the expense, the
Government has not time to provide, prepare, or
equip vessels for the expedition. Under such
circumstances, a citizen of the United States ten-
ders to the Government vessels of his own, pre-
cisely adequate in number, and exactly fitted in
construction and equipment, for the performance
of the duty to be asshmed. Since he offers them
to the Government, what reason can we assign for
refusing them ? No reason can be assigned, ex-
cept that he is too generous, and offers to give us
the use of the vessels instead of demanding com-
j pensation for it. Well, sir, if we do not accept
! them, then this enterprise cannot be carried into
I effect; at least not now, probably never. If we
! do accept them it can be immediately carried into
j execution, with a cheering prospect of attaining
| the great object which the United Staler and the
i civilized woild have such deep interest in securing.
1 Then the question resolves itself into tins—the
i question raised by the honorable Senator from
1 Alabama [Mr. King]—whether, in seeking so be-
; neiicent an object, it is consistent with the dignity
; of the nation to combine individual action with
! national enterprise. I do not think, Mr. Presi-
1 dent, that that honorable Senator will find himself
obliged to insist upon this objection after he shall
i have carefully examined the bill before us. He
;! will find that it converts the undertaking into a
| national enterprise. The vessels are to be accept-
j ed not as individual property, but ay national ves-
j seis. They will absolutely cease to be under the
! direction, management, or control of the owners,
1 and will become at once national ships, and for
! the time, at !ea&t, and for all the purposes of the
I expedition, a part of the national r.ianne.
j Now, sir, have we not postal arra.ngeinc.its with
! various foreign countries carried mto effuct in tiie
J same way, and is the dignity of tho nation com-
