.-f V
1.980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 26,
Mr. CARTTER moved to strike out that part
of the amendment which provided for back pay.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, made the
point of order, that this amendment was not in
order, on the ground that it contemplated a
change of existing law. He said he was inclined
to think the proposition right, but not in order
here, and other amendments of this character
having been ruled out, he must insist upon apply-
ing the same rule to this amendment.
.Mr. BURT wished to say a word to show that
the amendment was in order.
Objection was made.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point oforder,
and ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. BURT appealed from the decision.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Committee ?" was
decided in the affirmative.
So the decision was affirmed and the amend-
ment was ruled out of order.
Mr. McLANE moved to lay aside this bill and
take up House bill No 448, providing for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors, tie said that
the Committee 'on Commerce had troubled the
House but little during the session; they had in-
structed him to move to take up the river and harbor
bill immediately after the army bill was disposed
of. He hoped the motion would commend itself
to the judgment of the committee, and that they
would proceed at once to the consideration of the
bill which he had indicated.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the motion out of
order, and held that under the rule of the House
the committee was obliged to rise and report the
army bill, immediately after disposing of the
amendments.
Mr. McLANE pointed tlte Chairman to a pre-
cedent justifying his motion.
Mr. CARTTER interposed with an amend-
ment to the army bill, and moved to strike out the
fourth section, as follows:
Sec. 4. Jind he itfurther enacted, That the military store-
kef per at Little Rock arsenal, Arkansas, be allowed, from
the fir^t day of' October, eighteen hundred and furty-two,
to the twentj-filth day of October, eighteen hundred and
forty-nine, the same compensation as is authorized by the
act of the twenty-Uurd of August, eighteen hundred and
forty-two, to be paid to ihe storekeepers at the Washington,
Pittsburg, and Watervhet arsenals, and that there be paid
to military storekeeper David liutler twenty dollars per
month, for and during the lime he has performed the duties
of commissary and assistant comnus&ary of subsistence
and quartermaster.
He said he moved the amendment on the princi-
ple on which the proposition of the gentleman
from South Carolinia [Mr. Burt] had been ruled
out of order. The whole section provided back
pay for military storekeepers.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said the
section had received the favor of two committees,
viz: the Committee on Military Affairs, and on
Ways and Means, and he hoped it would be re-
tained.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
Mr. McLANE again pressed his motion to lay
aside this bill, and take up the river and harbor
bill.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the motion out of
order.
The motion'of Mr. Baylt was put and agreed
to.
The committee then rose, and the chairman re-
ported the bill and amendments to the House.
And the question being on concurring m the
said amendments, and on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading—
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be taken.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with a view to take up the river and
harbor bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
The House is now acting under a special order.
The amendments were then read.
The SPEAKER stated, that if any gentleman
desiied a separate vote on any amendment, he
would give notice of it. On concurring in amend-
ments on which no separate vote was asked, the
vote would be taken together.
The amendments having been read—
The question was taken on concurring in thosjs
upon which no separate question had "been asked.
And they were concurred in.
The amendment made in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, making an ap-
propriation for the purchase of a site near the city
of Mexico for a cemetery for the burial of Ameri-
can soldiers (who had fallen during the late war)
and American citizens who might die, &c., coming
up on the question of concurrence—
Mr. FOWLER withdrew his objection.
And the question having been taken, the amend-
ment was concurred in.
On concurring in the amendment striking out
" For purchasing a site and commencing the necessary
works for a national armory at' Fort Massac,' near the con-
fluence of the Cumberland, Tennessee, Ohio, and Missis-
sippi river*, pursuant to the provision of the act of Septem-
ber, 1841, and to the report of the commissioners appointed
under said provision,$20,000, to be applied under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War"—
Mr. RICHARDSON asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
And after some conversation between Mr.
MARSHALL and the Speaker, as to the effect of
the vote, the question was taken, and resulted—
yeas 98, nays 60, as follow:
YEAS—Messr* Albert«on, Alexander, Anderson. An-
drew*, Ashmun, Booth, Bowie, Bowlin, Burrows, Chester
Butler, E. C. UabHi, Joseph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell,
Casey, Chandler, Clarke. Ciineman. W. It. W. Cobb. Cor-
win, Crowell, Dmiel, Debeiry, Di^kev, Disney, Dixon,
Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans. Nathan
Evans, Fowler, Freedlm*, Goodenow, Gott, Gould, Grin-
nell, Hulloway, Hay, Haymond, Hebnrd. Henrv, Hibbard,
Hilhard, Holmes, Houston, Howe. Hubbard, Hunter,lones,
Kerr, Goorce G King, Preston King. LcfiW, Littlefiehl,
Horace Mann, Job Mann. Marshall, "\ia-.oo, Maueson, Mc-
Lanahan, Meacham, jVTill*an, Moore. Nelson, Ogle, Otis,
Outlaw, Pitman, Reed, Reynold*, Rockwell, Roof, Ross,
Rnmsey, Sackett, Savvtelle, Scherinerborn, Schoolcraft,
Silvester, Spauldinc, Sprague, Stan!v\ Thaddeus Stevens,
Strong, Taylor, John B.Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Van
Dyke, Vinton, Waldo, Wallace. White, Whittiesev, Wil-
driek.and Williams—98.
NAVS—Messrs. A*be, Bay, Bayly, Beale, Bissell. Bo-
cock, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Bu'el, Burt, Joseph Cable,
George A. Caldwell, Cartter, Cleveland, Colcock, J)im-
mick, Edmundson, Featherston, Fitch, Fuller, Gerry, HaJI,
Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan. IshamG Hams, Sampson
W. Harris, T. L. Harris, Holladay, Howard, Inge. Joseph
W. Jackson, R. W. John-on, Kaufman, James G.King.
John A. King. La Sere. McClernand, Robert M. McLane,
McMullen, McQueen. Meade, Miller, Morris, Morton, Orr,
Peaslee, Peck. Pottei, Powell, Richard-on, Robbins, Savage,
Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stet-
son, Jarob Thompson, Wentworth, Wood, and Wood-
ward—60.
So the amendment was concurred in, and the
item was stricken from the bill.
On concurring with the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union in its amendment stri-
ing out the appropriation of $50,000, for the pur-
chase of Colt's Revolving Pistols—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Messrs. Jones, Thompson of Missis-
sippi, and the Speaker.
The question was then taken and resulted—
yeas 116, nays 46; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Alston,
Ashe, Buisham, Bi*sell, Booth, Bowie, Breck, Brifftrs,BuH,
Bui rows, Burt, Chester Butler, Joseph Cable, Joseph P.
Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Ca-ey, Clarke, Chngman, Col-
cock, Corwni, Crowell, Debeiry,* Dickey, Disney, Dixon,
Duncan, Duikee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans. Feath-
eiston, Ftt^h, Fowler, Freedlev, G«rry, Goodenow, Gott,
Gould, Gnnnell, Hall, Hallowav. Hamilton, Hammond,
Ishatn G. Harri<, Sampson W. Harris, Hay, Haymond,
Hebard. Henry, Hibbard, Hilhard, Holmes, Howe, Huhhard,
Hunter, Jo?epb W. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones. K>rr,
George G. King, James G. King, John A. King, Preston
King, La Sere, Leffler, Littlefteld, Horace Mann, Job Mann,
Marshall, Mason, Mritteson, McQueen, Meacham, Meade,
Millson, Moore, Morris, .Morton, Nelson, Orr, Otis, Outlaw,
Parker, Phelps, Pitman, Powell, Putnam. Reed, Reynolds,
Rockwell, Ross, Rumsey, Sacketr, Sawtelie. Sehermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Seddon, Silvester. Spauldme. Sprajrue, Stanly,
Thaddeus Stevens. Taylor, Thnrman, Tuck, Van Dyke,
Venable, Wallace, Whittlesey, Wildnck, Williams, Wood,
and Woodward —11(3.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashmun, Bar, Bayly, Beale, Boccok, A.
G. Brown, Thomas B. B tier, E. (J. Cabell, George A. Cald-
well, Cartter, Chandler, Cleveland, Daniel. Dimmick, Doty,
Edmundson, Fuller, Gilbert, Harlan, Holladay, Ho\v,mJ,
James L.Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman, McCler-
nand. Robert M. McLane, Miller, Morehead, Ogle, Peaslee,
Peck, Phoenix, Potter, Richardson, Bobbins, Savage, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Smnton, Stetson, Jacob
Thompson, John B. Thompson, Vinton, Waldo, White,
Wright, and Young—46.
So the amendment was concurred in, and the
item was stricken from the bill.
All the amendments having been disposed of—
The question recurred on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The question having been taken, and decided in
the affirmative—
^ The bill was read a third time by its title.
And the question being, u Shall this bill pi
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
There was a second. TBc main question was
ordered, and being taken, the bill was passed.
Mr. B. I am directed by the Committee of
Ways and Means——
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move a reconsideration of the vote by
which the army appropriation bill was passed, and
that that motion b* laid on the table.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. FOWLER withdrew the motion.
GENERAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY reported back from the Committee
of Ways and Means, the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
and said he was directed by the committee to rec-
ommend thatsome amendments be agreed to and
others disagreed to. He moved that the bill and
amendments be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. B. moved that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
to take up the said amendments.
Mr. STANLY suggested the propriety of taking
a recess.
The CHAIRMAN" propounded the question on
the motion of Mr. Bayly.
Mr. JONRS suggested to Mr. Bayly the pro-
priety of first making the amendments the special
order.
Mr. BAYLY said the appropriation bills had
precedence, and it was unnecessary to make a spe-
cial order.
The motion of Mr. Bayly was put, and agreed
to.
Thfe House accordingl y resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burt in the chair.)
Mr. BAYLY moved to take up the amendments
of the Senate to the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, moved to amend
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia, so as
to provide for taking up the river and harbor bill.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the motion was
not amendable. If the motion of the gentleman
from Virginia failed, it would then be in order to
move to proceed to other business.
Mr. McLANE (amid calls to order) gave notice
that if the motion was rejected, he would move to
take up the river and harbor bill.
The CHAIRMAN again propounded the ques-
tion on the motion of Mr. Bayly.
Mr. STANLY inquired, in case the motion
pending were disagreed to, if it would not be in
order to move to take up the river and harbor bill ?
The CHAIRMAN'S reply was not heard.
Tellers were asked and ordered, on the motion
of Mr. Bayly.
Messrs. Wjldrick and Duncan were appointed
tellers.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 88, noes 55.
So the amendments of the Senate to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill were taken up.
The CHAIRMAN called the committee to or-
der.
A pause ensued. Order having been restored,
The first amendment of the Senate was read.
It proposes to strike out all after line twelve in the
first page of the bill, as follows:
Provided, That the mileage of Senators, Representa-
tives, and Delegatesfhall hereafter be computed on the route
by which the mails are transported from the Capitol to the
residence of such Senator, Representative, or Delegate:
•Ant!provided,further, That no such member ofeither branch
| of Congress, residing ea'-t of the Rot ky Mountains, shall re-
ceive more than one thousand dollar?: mileage tor each ses-
sion, and no such member or delegate residing west of the
Rocky mountains shall receive more than two thousand dol-
lars mileage for each session ; nor ?hall any membet of the
Senate receive mileage for any session of that body which
may be called within thirty days after ihe adjournment of
both Houses of Congress, unless the travel for which such
is charged has been actually performed."
Mr. BAYLY said the Committee of Ways and
Means had recommended that the House now
concur in the proposition to strike out.
