886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
promised by them? During the war with Mex-
ico the Government continually hired ships and
steamboats from citizens for military operations.
Is the glory of that war tarnished by the use of
those means ? The Government in this case, as
in those cases, is in no sense a partner. It as-
sumes the whole control of the vessels, and the
enterprise becomes a national one. The only cir-
cumstance remaining to be considered is, whether
the Government can accept the loan of the ser-
vice of the vessels without making compensation.
How, sir, I should not have had the least objec-
tion, and indeed it would have been more agreea-
ble to me if the Government could have made an
arrangement to have paid a compensation. But I
hold it to be quite unnecessary in the present case,
because the character of the person who tenders
these vessels, and the circumstances and manner
of the whole transaction, show that it is not a spec-
ulation. No compensation is wanted. It would
only be a ceremony on the part of the Government
to offer it, and a ceremony on the part of the mer-
chant to decline it. I am, therefore, willing to
march directly to the object, and to assume that
these ceremonies have been duly performed, that
the Government has offered to pay, and the noble-
spirited merchant declined to receive.
Now, then, is there anything derogatory from
the dignity and independence of this nation in em-
ploying the vessels? Certainly not, since that em-
ployment is indispensable. If it were not indis'
pensable I do not think that the dignity of the
Republic would be impaired; I think, on the con-
trary, that it would be enhanced and elevated. It
,is a transaction worthy of the nation, a- spectacle
deserving the contemplation and lespect of man-
kind, to see that not only does the nation prose-
cute, but that it has citizens able and willing to
contribute, voluntarily and without compulsion,
to an enterprise so interesting to the cause of sci-
ence and of humanity. It is, indeed, a new and
distinct cause for national pride that an individual
citizen, not a merchant prince, as he would be
called in some oiher countnes, but a republican
merchant, comes forward in this way and moves
the Government and cooperates with it. It illus-
. trates the magnanimity of the nation and of the
citizen. Sir, there is nothing objectionable in this
feature of the transaction. It results from the
character of the Government, which is essentially
popular, that there are perpetual debates on the
question how far measures and enterprises, for
purposes of humanity and science, are consistent
with the constitutional organization of the Govern-
ment, although they are admitted to be eminently
compatible with the dignity, character, and intelli-
gence of the nation. All our enterprises, more or
less, are carried into execution, if they are carried
into execution at all, not by the direct action of
the Government, but by the lending of Us favoi,
countenance, and aid to individuals, to corpora-
tions, and to States. Thus it is that we construct
railroads and canals, and found colleges and uni-
versities.
Nor is this mode of prosecuting enterprises of
great pith and moment peculiar to this Government.
There was a navigator who went forth from a port
in Spain, some three or four hundred years ago,
on an enterprise quite as doubtful, and quite as
perilous as this. After trying unsuccessfully
several States, he was forced to be content with
the sanction, and little more than the sanction and
patronage of the Court of Madrid. The scanty
treasures devoted to that undertaking were the
private contributions of a GLueen and her subjects,
and the vessels were fitted out and manned at the
expense of merchants and citizens, which gave a
new wotld to the kingdom of Castile and Leon.
Entertaining these views now, whatever my
opinion might have been under other circum-
stances, 1 shall vote against a recommittal, and in
favor of the bill, as the surest way of preventing
its defeat, and of attaining the sublime and benefi-
cent object which it contemplates.
Mr. MILLER said: I am so impressed, Mr.
President, with the importance of time as regards
the disposal of this question, that 1 hesitate even
to occupy the attention of the Senate for a few mo-
ments, and I only do so for the purpose of correct-
ing some views which have been expressed by the
Senator from Mississippi. I know his generous
natuie; but I do think that on this occasion
he has permitted his feelings of hostility to the
Administi ation to supersede his more generous
feelings towards humanity. Sir, I will not, on
this occasion, undertake to review theconduct of the
Administration; but the honorable Senator knows
very well that, with all the power the Adminis-
tration may have, and all the means in their power
to accomplish this object, they cannot act without
the authority of Congress; and if the. honorable
Senator, or any other member, thought this mat-
ter should have been acted upon at an early day,
it was the duty of Congress to act first, and to
clothe the Executive with power to build these
ships. .But, sir, that has passed, and the question
is, whether we shall adopt this resolution, and im-
mediately send forth this expedition for the pur-
pose of accomplishing this great object, or whether
we shall throw back this resolution to drag its slow
course through Congress, in the form of another
bill, to make an appropriation for the purpose of
building vessels. For what object? To secure, as
the Senator says, to the United States the sole
honor and glory of this expedition. Sir, if this
expedition is got up merely for the honor and
glory, either to the United States or to an indi-
vidual, I will have nothing whatever to do with it.
Sir, there is a deeper and a higher sentiment that
has induced the action of Congress on this subject.
It is to engage in a great work of humanity, to do
that which is not only being done by the Govern-
ment of England, but by private individuals, who
are fitting out expeditions at their own expense,
and sending them to the northern seas, for the pur-
pose of discovering the fate of this great man,
who has periled his life in the cause of science and
of commerce.
Mr. Piesident, I have been informed that a
private expedition is now being fitted out in Eng-
land under the direction of that great admiral,
or I may call him the king of the polar seas,
Sir James Ross, who is going again to devote
himself and his life to this perilous expedition.
Sir, although I have not had heretofore much
confidence m the success of this expedition, yet
when I consider the reputation of Sir James
Ross, and the fact that he is better acquainted
with these seas than any other man living, and
understanding that he entertains the belief that
Sir John Franklin and his companions are yet
alive, and may be rescued; 1 say, finding such a
man as Sir James Ross engaged in an expedition
of this kind, I am not without hope that our efforts
may, under Providence, be crowned with success.
But the honorable Senator says that nothing is
likely to be derived from this expedition but honor
and glory, and that that is to be divided between the
Government of the United States and a private
individual. Sir, is there nothing to be derived
from the performance of an act of humanity but
honor and glory ? Sir, it is said that in this in-
stance both the Government and the individual
alludtd to are engaged in the same work. Well,
sir, what objection can there be to that connection r
Does the honorable Senator from Mississippi envy
the individual his share of the honor and glory '
Does he desire to monopolize it all to the United
States? I hope he has no such feeling as that.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator made
use of an expression wh'.ch I think he will with-
draw. He intimated, if I understood him rightly,
some suspicion that this was a matter of specula-
tion on the part of Mr. Grinnell.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 said 1 had heard such a thing
suggested; but I do not make any such charge
myself.
Mr. MILLER. I have heard this urged as an
objection heretofore, but I am satisfied that if the
Senator from Mississippi knew the character and
the history of this gentleman, he would not even
repeat that he had heard such an insinuation. Sir,
although this is a liberal donation from an indi-
vidual, the sum need not alarm gentlemen about
after claims. These ships are but small ships; and
it is necessary that they should be small in order
that they may be effective. One of them is, I un-
1 derstand, 150 tons, and the other 90 tons. They"
have cost, I believe, about $30,000. Now, when
we find this merchant devoting his propeity, not
for the purpose of building ships to convey mer-
chandise to the markets of the world; when we
find him letiiing from the ordinary course of com-
mercial pursuit in which all the world is engaged,
and devoting a portion of his fortune to theljuild-
mg of ships which can be used for no other purpose
but in this voyage of humanity, can it be imagined
that any thought of speculation on his part could
have influenced his conduct? No, sir. On the
contrary it is a high and worthy motive; and I
think it ought to receive the approbation of this
and all other intelligent Chi istian nations, to see a
merchant who, while the commercial world are
encompassing the globe by sea and land in quest
of profit and of gold, is dedicating himself to this
great object, and devoting a part of his fortune to
the cause of humanity, and offering it to Govern-
ment, not as a bounty, but because the Govern-
ment, with all its means, has not the power and
the time to prepare vessels to do this work. That,
sir, is the object.
Now, if we do not accept these ships, there will
be an end of this expedition. Sir, shall it be said
that this Government has lost such an opportunity
as this of exhibiting the deep interest which our
people feel, both m the cause of science and hu-
manity, and that, too, at the very time when we
are entering into treaties and compacts with all the
commercial nations of the world, for the purpose
of extending commerce and civilization, opening
communications of trade from sea to sea? When
the Government is not only doing all this by its
own power, but also acting in concert with our
private citizens in constructing railroads and
canals, and by various other modes extending
commercial civilization throughout, the world, shall
it be said that we, at this moment, refused, through
the fear of losing a little honor and glory and na-
tional dignity, to accept two ships—the only two
ships in America that can do the work—in the ac-
complishment of this great enterprise? I hope not.
Let us not, then, cavil and waste time about these
little matters. If the work is to be done at all it
must be done now, and done, as I conceive, by
the adoption of this resolution.
Mr. FOOTE. I regret very much, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the very plain remarks which I had the
honor of addressing to the Senate just now, should
have been so singularly misunderstood by the
honorable Senator from New Jersey. I think,
when that honorable Senator reads in. the morning
prints what 1 said a few minutes ago, he will him-
self be surprised that the very explicit phraseology
I made use of should have been so astonishingly
misconceived by him. The honorable Senator
seems to have understood me as saying that it was
constitutionally in the power of the Executive and
his Cabinet to do all that they proposed on the
subject last spring. Now, I did not intend to be
so understood exactly; but I did intend to say that
when the President of the United States, in con-
formity with what was understood to be the
unanimous approval of his Cabinet thought oroper
to enlist in tins generous enterprise, and became
virtually the author of a letter cliaiacterizcd by
eloquence and good feeling, if by nothing else of
a nature to give it a claim to respectful considera-
tion, 1, in common with every high-spirited man
in America, as much approved the noble senti-
ments which were so well expressed m that letter,
as did the warmest political supporters of those in
authority. But I doubted then whether the Presi-
dent of the United States, in a moment of gener-
ous impulse, had not gone beyond the powers
conceded to him as the Executive of the nation, as
I ^nll do. Notwithstanding this doubt, though, I
was resolved to raise no opposition to the Admin-
istration in connection with this movement. I
determined to find no fault with the conduct of the
Executive. Indeed,I regietted somewhat that the
strictures of some of the newspapers were so deci-
dedly acrimonious, as we all recollect them to have
been, both in relation to the President and the
members of his Cabinet, to whom I felt inclined
to give credit for upright intentions in this affair,
and a kmdly sympathy for sufferings well entitled
to be thus tenderly regarded. Sir, I was then
prepared, and have remained ready ever since, to
admit, that had the President resolutely carried
into execution his original intentions,he would at
least have had a fair title to be excused, e\en by
those who could not entirely approve his conduct.
I was prepared to do this myself at any rate to the
fullest extent.
And now, sir, I have ventured to declare, and
do yet insist, that the failure of the Executive to
perform all that he gave the world reason to ex-
pect at his hands, was deeply mortifying to me;
that it was mortifying,as 1 believed, to many oth-
ers; and that it must have been even mortifying
to himself, when he reflected that he had been
compelled, by any considerations whatever, to
