mm,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-wm
planning, f did not say it was disgiaceful to any
one, but that it was disreputable in a national point
of view, thus to abandon a scheme so deliberately
projetted, and to decline the performance of a
woik the immed-ate fulfillment of which has been
so distinctly promissd. But, sir, let me ask, if no
such abandonment of the original plan of the Ad-
ministration has occurred, how does it happen
that, thougn the President has specially recom-
mended this subject to the consideration of Con-
gress, his particular friends in this and the other
House have not followed up his recommendations ?
Did anybody understand it to be more than a
mere brutumfulmen, a mere formal suggestion, not
expected to lead to any decided action ? If it was
regarded as a serious recommendation, or as in-
tended to attain any purpose beyond saving ap-
pearances, and avoiding the charge of ridiculous
inconsistency, why is it that no fnend of the Ad-
ministration has urged upon us the propriety of
carrying out the original scheme > 1 aver a^ain
that I have not used language disrespectful to the
President of the United States. I insist that it is
most apparent that the Adminis'ration has been in-
consistent wilh lteelfin regard to this matter,and that
itis now quite evident, that if certain Senators on
this floor truly represent the wishes and sentiments
of the Executive of the nation, as I presume they
do, that they are now urging a project wholly at
war with the one which the President originally
recommended. Either the Senators from Mary-
land and New Jersey are acting m conformity with
the ascertained sentiments of the President and the
Cabinet, or they are not. If they are, then it is
most clear that the mere formal suggestion of the
Piesident in his message, to which the Senator
from Maryland has alluded, was not expected to
be carried out, and it is equally clear and true also,
that the Piesident and his Cabinet advisers have—
not disgracefully, but injudiciously or otherwise,
us gentlemen may choose to describe it—aban-
doned the ground they at first occupied. If th«*
two honorable Senators referred to are n?:t now
acting in conformity with the views and wishes of
the Administration, then they are acting in oppo-
sition to their views and wishes; in which case I
beg leave to admonish them, that they are in the
predicament of other Senators on this floor, and of
several members of the House, and are in danger
of crimination, reproach, ridicule, and even coarse
denunciation, for not standing up as ('good Whigs"
in support of the whole policy of the Administration.
Is it not a fact that there are certain papers,
published not far distant from this Hall, and one
of them within the limits of this city, which under-
take to find fault with the most illustrious mem-
bers of this body for presuming to think and to
act independently and conscientiously in opposi-
tion to Executive recommendations, to recommend-
ations made without consulting them, and which,
had they been duly consulted, they never could
have sanctioned? Are not several most distin-
guished membersof this body—grave, highminded,
and venerated statesmen—daily censured, ridiculed,
and reviled, in certain well-known and leading
Administration prints, for daring to entertain and
to avow opinions in conflict with the wretched
non-action policy of the Administration, which
has almost ingulfed the country in the horrors of
disunion? Has not a certain northern print, the
acknowledged organ of a certain personage now
in my hearing, and to whom I will not now more
particularly allude, repeatedly censured these time-
honored patriots for undertaking;, in opposition to
the wishes and designs of unprincipled factionists,
to secure the peaceful and honorable settlement of
all those questions which have so long disturbed
the peace of the country and involved our free in-
stitutions in such serious peril ? Do the Senators
from Maryland and New Jersey expect to escape
decrial and harsh obloquy, when their honored
associates here have been so cruelly dealt with <
Can they reasonably expect to escape denuncia-
tion if, in truth, what they have at present uttered
is not altogether in unison with what is called the
policy of the President? I fear that it will be
shortly said of them, as of their compeers, that
they are not true Whigs; that they do not faith-
fully support the Administration; and that they do
not bear true allegiance to the powers that be.
They too are in danger of being discountenanced,
denounced, and ridiculed. But it may be, and i
certainly think such to be the fact, that they nre
really carrying out the present views of the Ad-
ministrate -n. Jfeo, I must repeat that it is mos,t
clear that the Administration does not occupy the
ground now which it did twelve months ago on
this subject*, and, indeed, i am ashamed of having
talked so long in order to establish a proposition
so evidently true as almost to be beyond contra-
diction.
Mr. PEARCE. I know about as little of the
wishes of the Executive as the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. I derive my knowledge of the views of
that officer from his communications to Congress,
and from no other source. It is no part of the
duty, I presume, of a member of the Senate of ihe
United States, to make application, to the Execu-
tive for information as to views. It is the duty of
the Executive to communicate his views to Con-
gress, if he thinks it for the welfare or honor of
the Government that they should be communicated.
Neither do I recognize any allegiance which re-
qunes me to advueate, contrary to my own im-
pressions, such views as the President may
privately entertain, or publicly express. This is
not a matter of party action. Even if there were
any party alUgiance, this is not a subject for its
action. Itis an appeal to humanity, which ad-
dresses itself to the heart—as much to that of the
Senator from Mississippi as to any Whig in the
Senate. The fact is, the President of the United
States communicated to the Senate, jn his message
referred to of the 4th of January, 1650, the only
views which he entertained, so tut as I know; and
then he suggested to Congress, briefly but pointedly,
as it was then m session, the propriety and expe-
diency of an appropriation for fining out an expe-
dition for the search of the missing ships, and their
officers and crews. The appeal then was directly
made, not to any party, but to the whole Senate,
the Senator from Mississippi as well as any other.
Mr. FOOTE. The Senator has misunderstood
me, if he thinks I averred that this was a party
measure, or one that had a party character. 1 did
not pretend to say so; i referred to Executive rec-
ommendations and the consequences ofdtsregarding
them. The President recommended the non action
policy in regard to the territorial governments,and
1 will ask the Senator if men, who are known as
distinguished Whig leaders, and who do not act m
accordance with that policy of non-action, ate not
daily denounced, and violently, too, in more than
one newspaper understood to express the views of
the Administration ?
Mr. PEARCE. I do not see any connection
between the two subjects. Be that as it may, I
entertain precisely the same views and principles
in regard to that as 1 have expressed in regard
to this. I do not acknowledge that it con-
stitutes a part of the Executive duty to dictatc
any measuie to Congress, but I do recognize his
right and duty to present to Congress his views on
great national subjects; and I also recognize the
duty of Congress, where it concurs with him in
opinion, to carry out those views, as far as it has
the constitutional power. So far do I go, and uo
further.
One further remark. The Senator from Missis-
sippi certainly did, though perhaps without intend-
ing it, piesent this as a subject of appeal to the
Whigs, and therefore H was fair to presume that
he inferred it to by a party measure, i have only to
say that the Senate did the only thing it could do
when this message was received. It took the usual
course; that is to say, it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. Everybody knows that
the Whig party is powerless in the Senate. We
are in a minority, and m a minority, i believe, m
every committee in the body, and certainly m the
Committee on Naval Affaus. I will not say that
we committed the lamb to the wolf; I will not
make that insinuation: but I do say that, as it was
referred to a committee, such as that on Naval Af-
fairs, in which the Whigs are not in a majority,
and where they cannot control this matter, if there
is any responsibility for non-action m the case, it
devolves not on the Whigs of theSenate, or of that
committee, but on the other party.
Mr. FOOFE. Will the Senator permit me for
a moment 
Mr. PEARCE. A sin gle sentence, and I have
done. However, I will give way.
Mr. FOO i E. I do not wish to be understood
as representing this as a party measure, for i have
not so l iteuded. Indeed, 1 know that many of the
best Democrats in both Houses, men whom 1
highly respect, are in favor of it. All I intended
to say was, that if the Senator did not act in accord-
ance with the President's recommendation, or if he
acted in opposition to it, he would be as deserving
of censure as other individuals who have been
censured. That does not prove thatf they op he
are deserving of censure; and, on the contrary, I
think they have been most grossly and unjustly
censured and denounced.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President —
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator permit me- 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will yield the floor to the
Senator. I was going to suggest the propriety of
taking up the unfinished business.
Several Senators. Let us finish this.
Mr. YULEE. 1 presume it is daeir.ible to dis-
pose of this matter, and I will detain the Senate but
a moment. I must say that t regret the necessity
under which I am placed, by a remark of the Sen-
ator f om Maryland, to interpose in defence of the
Naval Committee, in reference to its action on this
matter, and for the purpose of defending them from
a very direct charge made by that Senator.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator allow me to
explain?
Mr. YULEE. Certainly.
Mr. PEARCE. I had intended to have ex-
plained before I sat down, but the Senator from
Mississippi desired me to give way, and I thought
it as well not to resume again. I intended to say
that 1 meant no invidious reference to the com-
mittee. I do not know why their decision on the
subject has been thus delayed, but I take it for
granted it was for good and sufficient cause.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator may take it quite
for granted. But I deem it due to the committee,
and to the Senate, to say, that immediately after the
reference of this subject to the committee, I had an
interview with the Secretary of the Navy, by di-
rection of the naval committee. Afterwaids 1 was
directed by the committee to communicate with
him in writing. I did 6<>, and to that letter, a copy
of which I have in my hand, no reply has yet been
received. I think it proper that this letter should
be read, in order that the blame of the delay should
rest where it belongs:
<l Washington, February 15, 1859.
" Sir: i am insirnctec by the committee of the senate on
! naval affair.- to call your attention to the enelo-< d top) of
a me-sagr from the i'rh.-ident <jI 'he united stat« g, ai.d to
inquire whether jour department is p->?s-e^>cd of an\ iate
information resp  cini« the tine ot tin, t. xp«-diuon commanded
bytfir john franklin; wheiherihe dep.mment has maimed
any pi,in tor lite participation by tins government in the
proposed >earch ; and it so, the particulars and estimated
cost of the plan are desired j and particularly whether, from
the information accessible to the department, Jt is deemed
probable that an expedition di.-pateiied in search of the
ini->iog pauy wuufd be of' ai«j avatl. the commitue beg
leave to inquire also from von, as being inhumation hk«-jy
to have been nought by the eiecutive before the?ubj« et was
s-ulimitted to cungi«ss, and which u is supposed would be
pre.-erved in yfeur department, whether any report* have
b^ert leceived by the british government from the -evera!
diyi?ton<5 of the expedition of snatch fitted out in }848, or
tr« m either of them, and whether any other expedition,
having the .vainft object m view, has been lately dispatched
by the british government
To that letter no reply has yet been received.
Shortly after its transmission to the Navy Depdit*
merit, I believe the Secretary of the Navy was
taken sick, and was probably for some week or
two confined to his home; and it is possible that
may be the reason why the communication has
been overlooked, and no reply has yet been re-
ceived by the committee upon which action could
be reported to the Senate.
Now, sir, 83 I am up, I will make an observa-
tion or t wo m regard to the matter before the Sen-
ate. I must con ret*s that this resolution commends
itself to my favor and suppoit, from the veiy cir~
i cumstances under which it comes before us. I
think the magnanimous and generous act of Mr.
Grinnell, deserves, as the Senitor from Kentucky
has remarked, the encouragement and approbation
of this body. 1 think, sir, it is an act which illus-
trates and dignifies the character of the American
merchant and citizen, and one which will reflect
honor upon the nation to which lie belongs. 1 am
attracted therefore to the support of this lesoiution
by the very considerations which seem with some
gentlemen to influence their opposition to it.
There are considerations with me which wouid
strongly incline me against any expenditure to-
wards an expedition of the kind proposed. In the
first place, I thmk the expedition would be utterly
hopeless of effect. Sir John Franklin left England
in the spring of 1845, with a personnel of one hun-
dredand thirty-eight persons, and with provisions
