1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1&S3
Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The question was taken and the amendment Was
disagreed to.
Amendment No. 20 of the Senate. Add after
the clause appropriating $300.for specimens of
ores and coins to be reserved at the Mint, the fol-
lowing.
" Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury be hereby
authorized to obtain lor the United States the riglnto use the
improved methods of refining argentiferous gold bullion,
recently discovered and being patented to K. S. MeCulloh
and James 0. Booth, or the right to use any other method
of accomplishing the same object which may hereafter be
discovered and patented, by allowing to the said patentees a
sum not exceeding oue half of the difference between the
cost of the labor and materials required in the process now
used at the United States Mint, to refine such bullion, and
the cost of the labor and materials necessary to he used m
the new process which may be adopted. But the depositor
shall pay the compensation so agreed upon if he elects to use
the new method, or ehe have the right to resort to the pres-
ent process, unless the Secretary of the Treasury should find
it necest«ary hereafter to direct otherwise. But the contract
shall not extend over a greater period than that for which the
patent is given.-''
Mr. BAYLY said, the Committee of Ways and
Means, by an equal division, recommended that
the amendment be non-concurred in.
Mr. BOWLIN characterized this provision as
the most extraordinary of which he had ever
heard. It give the Secretary of the Treasury the
power by his edict to say that everybody who car-
ried his gold to ths Mint should patronize this in- j
ventor.' If it was valuable, it would be used by ,
individuals voluntarily. But this was a proposi- ;
tion to compel the'eitizen to use thia particular in-
vention. it was a most extraordinary and tyran-
nical proposition. He hoped it would be voted
down.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury would have to resort to the
old, antiquated, and expensive method if the words
excepted to by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Bowlin] were changed. He hoped that amend-
ment would not be made.
Mr. BOWLIN explained, that he had not of-
fered an amendment.
Mr. STRONG called attention to what he con-
sidered the objectionable mode of payment con-
templated by this amendment. He had no objec-
tion to the use of the patent, which was no doubt
valuable. But he desired to know the amount
which was to be paid. He was opposed to the
method of compensation by allowing a portion of
the savings to the patentees. He was willing to
make an appropnaiion to purchase ihe process, but
objected to the mode contemplated by the amend-
ment.
Mr HOUSTON (Mr. S. yielding the floor) said,
he did not understand that the new method was
cheaper than the old. It might turn .out to be
more expensive, and yet, under this amendment,
the Government would be compelled to purchase
the patent.
Mr. STRONG thought it was a cheaper process;
he had so understood.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, made an
explanation as to the mode of payment, which was
not heard.
Mr. STRONG persisted in his objection to the
mode of compensation.
Mr. PHELPS was in favor of the amendment.
He explained the present system of reftning gold
at the Mint, and the advantages possessed by the
new process. He believed that the new method,
so far from increasing, would diminish the ex-
pense, and that it would dimmish the amount paid
by depositors for refining gold, and that it would
greatly increase the capacity of the Mint.
Mr. BOWIE said, if the committee would have
patience and examine the merits of the amendment,
he thought they would not hesitate to adopt it.
He entered into a brief exposition of the advanta-
ges of Mr. McCulloh's process, and the benefits
which would result from its adoption to the Gov-
ernment, which would, he said, save six thousand
dollars per month by its use.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, took the
floor, but yielded to
Mr. STRONG, who proposed the following
amendment, in lieu of the above:
"To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to obtain for
the United Sutes the right to use the improved methods of
refining ar«enuferou*-goId bullion, recently discovered and
being patented to R. 3. Mc(Julloh and James C. Booth, or :
the riaht to use any other method of accomplishing the same
object which may hereafter be. discovered and patented, the
sum of $20,000 is hereby appropriated."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said, he
should feel constrained to vote against both amend-
ments. No recommendation from the department
had been made of this process. He thought Con-
gress was going ahead of the music. Let Doctor
Patterson and the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the persons connected with the Mint, examine this
mode and report the result to the next Congress.
If they recommended it, he was willing to bVlib
eral with the parties. Until then, he was opposed
to any action upon the matter. He hoped the
committee would consider what they were about,
before they sanctioned this proposition.
Mr. GILBERT sustained the amendment of the
Sen te. He explained, that under the old mode
large quantities of muriatic and nitric acids were
required for refining, which could only be trans-
i ported on the decks of vessels. The new mode
dispensed with the use of these acids, and its
adoption, therefore, was of much importance to
California.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, did'not know
the inventors, nor anybody concerned in it.
But he thought it was just to the Government and
right to the inventor, that this amendment should
be adopted. He was in favor of the policy which
it contemplated.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said the memorial
of these parties was referred, early m the session,
to the Committee on Commerce, and he had made
some inquiries about it. He had no doubt this was
a great improvement, and very valuable; but he
submitted that this was one of those classes of
cases which should not be 'sanctioned, unless
it came through one of the departments in-
trusted with the administration of the Government.
There was a responsibility there, and Congress
knew where to look when recommendations came
from these departments. Without that recom-
mendation theie was no responsibility. He had
no doubt that the most improved facilities which
the genius and science of our people might invent,
would have to be resorted to, to meet the growing
requirements of the country. His objection was
not to this process, but against this mode of con
necting the Government with patented inventions,
which exposed it to be the instrument of the
grossest abuses. The only reason why this sub-
ject was not before us in a joint resolution was,
that the Secretary of the Treasury had not recom-
mended it, under all the information upon which
such a recommendation would be based.
Some explanatory covcraation followed between
Messrs. McLANE, BOWIE, and McCLER-
NAND.
Mr. McLANE said he had another objection.
This was not a proposition to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to go into market and use the
patent for what it might be worth to the Govern-
ment. It contemplated a partnership between the
Government and these individuals. He was op-
posed to anything of the kind. His principal ob-
jection was, that this was one of a class of cases
which ought not to come to Congress. He did
not want a law put upon the appropriation bill
proper, to regulate the Mint. It was not the place
for it.
He was opposed to it on the ground also of ex-
travagance—of swelling the appropriations. He
further urged that this provision of law regulating
the Mine of the United States, should be excluded
from the general appropriation bill. He was the
more earnest in opposition to including it because
he wished to see a general law passed regulating
the Mint of the United States. He appealed to his
friend from New York, that if this amendment were
to be admitted, an amendment might also be
adopted for the establishment of a new Mint, with
power to use all new inventions. We needed a
new Mint establishment, with increased facilities
of coinage proportionate to the vast influx of bul-
lion from California.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, suggested a modi-
fication of the amendment o'f the Senate, to insert
after the word "authorized" the words " if in
his discretion he shall appiove of so doing," so as
to leave it discretionary with the Secretary of the
Treasury to adopt this improvement or not. This
would obviate the objection of the gentleman from
Maryland, that the proposition was a tyrannical
one.
Mr. McLANE (continuing) repeated that he
would like to see new inventions adopted and the
i facilities of coinage greatly increased by the estab-
lishment of a new Mint, but it should not be done
on the appropriation bill. He was aware that it
was an ungracious task to resist these applica-
tions, which were forced upon them; but he urged
that they should shelter themselves behind their
rules and exclude such propositions altogether
from the appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee rise.
The motion Was put, and agreed to.
So the committee rose and reported.
Mr. BAYLY moved a resolution in the usual
form to terminate debate on the amendments to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill in five min-
utes.
Mr. ORR inquired if it would be in order to
move to lay the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER replied that the motion was in
order.
Mr. ORR wished to say a word.
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
unanimous consent.
No objection being made—
Mr. ORR said it was known that a very import-
ant amendment had been made by the Senate at
the close of this bill, to release the present con-
tractors for the printing of Congress from thei^
contract. It was known that the select committee
on printing desired to submit a report on that sub-
ject which would put the House in possession of
such facts as wouid enable them to act properly
and advisedly upon that matter. That request
was denied them. It was now proposed to close
the debate on this bill, so that none of the facts
which the committee had gathered after a fo^r
month's investigation, could be submitted to the
House. He asked that this resolution be voted
down, so that this matter of printing might be
fairly discussed. He intended that the country
should know the facts even if the House stifled
them.
Mr. BAYLY desired to be permitted to say 
The SPEAKER said, no debate was in order
except by unanimous consent.
No objection being made—
Mr. BAYLY proceeded to say that the amend-
ment to which the gentleman from South Carolina
alluded, was the very lust amendment to this bill.
Unless they stopped debate now, it was perfectly
manifest to the House that they could not pass
this appropriation bill to-day.
Mr. ORR said, the special committee were ready
to report now, and all they would ask was to have
the report read.
The question, " Shall the resolution be laid on
the table?" was decided in the negative.
The question recurring, "Shall the resolution
be agreed to ?"
The yeas and nays were asked, and the question
being taken by tellers, (Messrs. Duncan and Orr,)
the yeasymd nays were ordered.
Mr. ErVANS, of Maryland. If the report is
allowed to be made that is all 
The SPEAKER called the gentleman to order,
and said no remarks were in order, except by
unanimous consent.
Calls to order.
Mr. VINTON inquired if the resolution was
open to amendment?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. VINTON said, he would move to amend
the resolution so as to iimitdebate on all the amend-
ments except the last.
The SPEAKER said, the amendment was not
in order, as the proposition would require a sus-
pension of the rules.
Mr. ORR asked and obtained leave to withdraw
the demand for the yeas and nays.
The resolution of Mr. Bayly was adopted.
REPORT ON PRINTING.
Mr. ORR moved to suspend the rules to enable
the select committee on printing to make their
report.
The SPEAKER propounded the question on
the motion of Mr. Orr.
Mr. BAYLY said, he desired to inquire (for his
vote would depend upon the answer) whether the
committee desired merely to make their report and
have it printed, or whether they wished it read to
consume two hours ?
The SPEAKER called tfaegentleman from Vir-
ginia to order, and requested the House to restore
order.
Mr. ORR said, he had no disposition to em-
