800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
for three years, ft will be remembered by the Senate
that they were exploring in a region iri which it is
Impossible that exhausted supplies could be re-
plenished. A period of two years has already
passed beyond that for which they were provided,
and six months more at least must expire before
this expedition can reach the place of search.
.Now, I take it to be impossible that the unfortu-
nate expedition can be yet in existence, or that any
search which may be made can by any possibility
be fruitful of success. But I think, also, that
ample means have already been provided, and all
the assistance which humanity or hope might in-
spire. An expedition, divided into three parts,
sailed from Great Britain in 1847 or 1848, another
expedition sailed two or three months ago, and
two more expeditions are in progress of prepara-
tion in Great Britain, and probably one of them is
now under way. I think it probable that this is
all which humanity might require. But I shall,
nevertheless, vote for this resolution; and I shall
vote for it not only because it is almost without
cost to the Government, but because it may also
result in important advantages to our commercial
interests. The vessels, I understand, will be
manned with a crew of fifteen each, making in the
whftle thirty men only. It must be acknowledged
that we have many more officers in the navy than
the necessities of the service can employ. The
service will be actually benefited by the employ-
ment of some of the officers in this expedition—
perilous and dangerous, I agree, but yet honorable
to them and advantageous to the coumry. These
officers are leceiving their pay whether in service
or not. The personnel of the navy, so far as the
seamen are concerned, is limited by act of Con-
gress to seven thousand five hundred men, and no
more can be employed. The whole amount of
this matter, then, will be, that thirty of these seven
thousand five hundred men will be employed in
this, instead of some other service, and recieve only
the remuneration which they would recieve else-
where in other situations. So that, in fact, the
expedition will be without cost to the Government,
and will be in every respect advantageous to it.
But, sir, moie than tnis. It is not at all unlikely
that this expedition may reach beyond the icy
barrier into open seas, which may open to our
varied interests a very large field from which in-
creased benefits may be derived. It is the more
probable, from the manner in which the expedi-
tion is gotten up. The vessels are better suited
than vessels usually have been for the purpose of
exploring these seas. The officers selected are
young, and have a fame to acquire, and, as I am
told, are very competent and able commanders.
The expedition, therefore, will go forth with great
hope ol benefit to the commercial interests of the {
country. *
But, sir, there is another reason why we may
with propriety accede to the request made by Mr.
Giiririell, or rather by a very large and respectable
number of citizens of New York, who have peti-
tioned the Senate on the subject. It is this: I
understand it to be material to the success of an ex-
pedition going into these seas and exploiing these
shores for three years, and exposed to extreme
hazard, that the strict discipline of the navy and
the power of the Government should go with it, to
hold the crew to the service in which they engage.
It is believed that it would not be practicable, if the
men were bound only by the ties of the commer-
cial service, to hold them in all the perils and hard-
ships which ihev must incur in these frozen seas
for a period of three years. Now this considera-
tion is of itself persuasive to the Senate to accord
to this expedition the aid which is proposed. It is
irue that American whaling expeditions go out, and
that discipline is maintained in them duringa long
voyage and great fiaidship and peril, but this
arises from the peculiar system under which the
business hasgrown into importance and value. It is
because every man on board is interested, as a
shareholder, m maintaining discipline and prosecu-
ting the enterprise to a successful termination. With
these observations, without detaining the Senate
further, I shallgive my vote for the resolution as it
stands before the Senate.
The resolution was then read a third time, and
the question recurred on its passage.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
before the vote is taken, I wi3h briefly to state the
views whiek decide my couise. While I agree
with all that has been said in admiration of the en-
terprise and genius of the lost captain of the British
navy, and sympathize with all the feeling which
has found expression as connected with this mat-
ter, there is a consideration with me that is beyond
all this. So far as merchant vessels may enter into
this search, they have already sufficient induce-
ment, not merely m the trade which they may
prosecute, but in the prospect of the reward which
is offered. 1 have more hope from the enterprise
of Yankee whalers than from a national expedition.
But it is not of the probability of success that I
would speak. This is a proposition that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall enter into a
search for the lost seamen of Great Britain. Now,
while we have explorers upon land and sea of our
own, whose fate is involved in uncertainty, and
who, though not so well known to the world at
large, have m their own circle eyes that watch and
weep for them as sincerely and anxiously as do
others for the moie distinguished, and who, having
the highest ijlaims upon our Government, are lost
—perhaps captives among the savage, and yet re-
main unsought for—I hope that the efforts of the
Government, the means of the treasury, will first
be expended for them. The sun of our Govern-
mentshould shine equally upon all its citizens, but
constitutionally it shines only upon them—it has
no rays to lend to those who owe no allegiance to
our flag; surely none until it has lighted all within
the proper sphere of its illumination. The British
Government has done much—much has been done
and is doing by private enterprise—to discover, if
possible, the lost navigator. If, happily, he could
be discovered by an American merchant vessel
within thelimit of the recommendation of the Exe-
cutive, or if he could be discovered by our navy in
the proper discharge of their duties, it would be
gratifying to our national pride, deeply gratifying
to our humane feeling. _ But. an expedition fitted
out for this purpose alone appears to me to be be-
yond the duties of the Government—not the proper
service of our navy, and not a constitutional ob-
ject for the appropriation of money. Having all
sympathy of feeling with the widow, and admira-
tion for the nobleseaman,I must, nevertheless,con-
sider such a.course a very improper exercise of the
functions of this Government. 1 think it is improp-
er to appropriate money for such a purpose; and
I can only be convinced of an error in this opinion
by being shown that this Government is not a cor-
poration formed by the States for specific objects
and with limited powers, but is a great eleemosy-
nary institution with a range as wide as the claims
of humanity, unbounded by either sea or land.
Until this great change in my creed occurs, i ex-
pect to hold that there is no power of this Govern-
ment, no duty of this Government, that can be
brought to bear upon the subject now before us, and
therefore to withhold my support from all such
propositions. I object not to the fact that these
ships are owned by private individuals; though, if
this expedition is considered a proper duty of the
navy, (and the remarks made by the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs seem so to indi-
cate,) then we should build vessels suited for this
purpose. 'If it differs from the general objects of
the country, the known national objects—if it is
an extraordinary exercise of power, not drawn
from the Constitution—then we should have noth-
ing to do with it, in one case or the other.
These are my opinions, Mr. President; and
these will control my vote. I will not enter into
an extended view of the subject, or attempt to show
the remote consequences of this wide departure
from strict construction: the anxiety known to be
felt to terminate the debate forbids it.
Mr. DAYTON. I desire to say a word or two
in reference to this matter, and the observations
which have been made by honorable Senators.
I regret very much that, in reference to this object,
in the meiit and beneficence of which we all concur,
so many collateral issues have been made in the
course of the debate. One talks of the conduct of I
the Administration, as illustrated in the past his-,
tory of this question; another, of the dignity of the
Government; and now, as I understand the Senator
last up, a question ol constitutional power is raised, '
though the latter certainly cannot be called a collat- j
eral issue. In this case, sir, it was hardly worth
while, it seems to me, to arraign and question the !
conduct of the Government, m reference to a reso- i
lution of the kind which is now before the Seriate, !
as to whether the Executive has or has not fulfilled
his pledges to the lady of Sir John Franklin, and j
to the world. Let the Executive stand or fall by
what has passed; it is needless to multiply words
upon that subject. But then it is said that our
playing second to a private individual is a diminu-
tion of our national dignity; that it is not becom-
ing a great Government like this to stand in that
position; that it will indicate a want of proper self-
respect. Now, Mr. President, it strikes me as di-
rectly the reverse. Let me appeal to gentlemen,
and ask them in what position the Government
will stand, if, taking this view of the question, we
defeat any action by the agency of private enter-
prise? We here find an individual of high-toned
feeling, who is willing to embark his own means
in an enterprise of this kind, which the Govern-
ment has neglected; who has brought it almost to
a head, and now, while admitting the merit of the
object proposed, the Governmentsteps in and says,
No, no; we are not going into this matter with
you; it is beneath our dignity. Stand back ! Let
the thing go. Whether we, the Government, do
it or not, is a matter to be determined hereafter;
but you, at least, shall have nothing to do with it,
w hether we act or not. And this is magnanimity !
Sir, we, Congress, should have been a little more
prompt, should have shown a somewhat earlier
appreciation of the honor of the enterprise, as well
as the obligation we owe to humanity. Sir, with
very great respect to the judgment and feelings of
others, it seems to me, that it would be an exhibi-
tion of a much higher degree of magnanimity upon
the part of this Government, to say to this man,
who has acted in a spirit and with a noble feeling
that becomes a man, you have moved in this
matter and embarked your means; we will give to
you the honor and glory to which its inception
entitles you, and aid you in carrying out your en-
terprise. That, it strikes me, would be a proper ex-
hibition of feeling and magnanimity worthy agreat
Government, aiding one of its best citizens in the
prosecution of a noble object, task gentlemen again,
if, standing upon this question of etiquette between
the Government and a private individual, we say
that we will have nothing to do with it, and thereby
deprive the individual himself of the power of con-
summating his praiseworthy purpose, in what a
humiliating position would the Government stand ?
Why, Mr. President, we know perfectly well that
the Government would not have heard of this mat-
ter at all, but for the fact that this individual found
that he would be frustrated in his purposes—that
pecuniary means, however ample, could not fulfill
his intentions. He ascertained upon consultation
with others, that the discipline of the naval service *
was absolutely essential to enable him to carry into
effect his objcct. He was, therefore, without the
means of consummating his undertaking upon his
own authority, and referred the whole to the action
of his Government. He comes here, however, not
to seek appropriations from the Government, be-
cause the chairman of the Naval Committee tells
us that the officers are paid, and the men are paid,
whether they go upon this expedition or not. The
officers and men are willing to volunteer for this
hazardous enterprise, and the only question is,
whether we will permit them to go and take these
hazards. Sir, it may be all useless. These ex-
plorers for whom they seek may long since have
in the polar regions paid the penalty of their dar-
ing enterprise; they may be no more; but, sir, if
there is a chance of finding there a man, or traces
of a man, and American officers and American sea-
men are willing to go into those regions for the
purpose of searching and saving all or any that
they can or may, they shall have my most hearty
concurrence and approbation. Nor will I stop to
question very much whether it shall cost the Gov-
ernment a dollar, or whether it shall not. it may
be that they are no more, but it is more than
probable that traces of them may be found. Even
if they themselves are lost, when, where, and how
they were lost may be important to the nnvio-atin<*
interests of the country and the world. But, sir
it is by no means certain that they will not some
of them be found. The British Government, those
who are best acquainted with this subject they
have not abandoned hope. They are yet fituno-
out expeditions for the purpose of this explore"
tion, and, as has been said by my associate, [Air.
Miller,] the great veteran of polar discovery, Sir
John Ross, is willing to hazard himself even at
the asb of upwards of seventy, I think, in this
further exploration and lcsearch. I learn also,
sir, that the circumstances of the season are afford-
