1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept-mi
barrass the House-now. All he wanted was that
the report be read before the amendment relative to
printing: was acted on.
The SPEAKER again called to order, and said
that these remarks could only be indulged by
uanimous consent.
Mr. BAYLY. I am told by a member of that
committee that it will take three hours to read the
report. •
The SPEAKER propounded the question,
"Shall the rules be suspended to enable the select
committee on printing to make their report?"
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, suggested to
. Mr. Orr that they might adopt the resolution to ter-
minate debate, and after having acted upon ^11 the
amendments except the last, they might reconsider
the order closing debate.
The SPEAKER stated that it was Ins own
opinion that this could be done, but the gentleman
from Pennsylvania must recollect that the House
had overruled the decision of the Speaker in a
similar ca^p, and held that after an oruer had been
partly executed, the House could not reconsider
ft. The opinion of the Chair, however, was that
the vote might be reconsidered.
• Mr. STEVENS. We can in this way accom-
plish the object the gentleman from South Carolina
has in view.
Mr. BURT suggested to his colleague [Mr. OrrJ
that he had no doubt it was 'competent for the
House to reconsider the vote after the order should
have been partly executed, and with that view he
hoped his colleague would not insist upon his mo-
tion to suspend the rules at this time.
Mr. MARSHALL rose to make an inquiry in
reference to the state of the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must insist upon
a compliance with the rule. Debate is not in order.
Cries of order.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
* said all business must be suspended until order
was restored. He stated to the gentleman from
Kentucky, that no remarks were in order on a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. MARSHALL said he was not debating,
but merely asking what was the state of the ques-
tion. .
The SPEAKER* Inquiries are not m order.
The question is on the suspension of the rules, to
enable the select committee on printing to make a
report.
Mr. VAN DYKE rose to a question of order,
and inquired if the last vote was not to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union:
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was mis-
taken in point of fact. The last vote was the
adoption of the resolution to terminate debate.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended, to
allow the select committee on printing 10 make a
report?" was taken, and decided in the «egative
without a count.
Mr. BAYLY. Has the resolution to close de-
bate been adopted ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, called for a count
on the question just taken to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER said the call was too late. The
result had been announced.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the House again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Burt -in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the amendments
to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Tne question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of Mr. Strong, as a substitute for the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. KING, of New Jersey, moved to amend
the amendment of the Senate by inserting after
the word " authorized," the words " if in his dis-
cretion he approves of so doing."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
tC> Mr. HOUSTON moved to amertd the amend-
ment by inserting a proviso that the expenses of
the new process should not exceed those of the
0l<He argued that as but two months would elapse
before Congress again met, no legislation should
be taken at this time.
Mr. CARTTER inquired of the Chair, if it was
in order to move an amendment?
The CHAIR said not. I' Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, offered an
*Mr. HOUSTON said he was willing to with- j' amendment, providing that the Attorney General
draw his amendment.
Objection was made. I
Mr. CARTTER said he would then wait until |
the question was taken.
The reading of the amendment of Mr. Houston
was then called for; and it was read.
The question wa3 taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. CARTTER moved the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the Senate amend-
ment:
« Jlnd provided, That the patentee shs^l not receive more
than §5,000 per annum during the lime his patent may be
used by the Mint and its branches."
Mr. C. thought the amount designated in his
amendment was a sufficient indemnification. He
was opposed to placing the Government under trib- ;
ute to any patentee for any tiling. He believed the
true principle to be, that the Government should
have the use of the implement which it guarantied
to the inventor; and if the matter were within his
control, he would ingraft a provision of this kind
upon the patent la as. He hoped his amendment
would be agreed to, and he then intended to vote
against the whole proposition. He believed that if
the amendment of the Senate was adopted, the
Government would lose more than $120,000 per
annum.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cartter; and the vote stood—ayes 67,
noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate as amended.
The amendment as amended was rejected.
The 21st amendment of the Senate, making an
appropriation for taking the census tn Oregon Ter-
ritory, was (under the recommendation of the
Committee of Ways and Means) concurred in.
The 22d amendment of the Senate was read as
follows:
"Page 91. After line 28, insert:
territory of new mexico.
« For salaries of governor and superintendent of Indian
Affairs, three judges and secretary, nine thousand seven
hundred dollars.
" For contingent expenses of said Territory, one thousand
dollars. * _ _
"For compensation and mileage of members or Legis-
lative A^sembl), clerks., officers, and contingent expeti&es
of the Assembly, tweuty-lour thousand dollars.
" For library for said Territory, five thousand dollars :
Provided, Tuat the library for the Ternioriesof New Mexico
and Utah shall be purchased by agents to be appointed by
the Presidrnt of ihe United States. ~
 Foi public buildings for the Territory of New Mexico,
twenty thousand dollars."
Mr. BAYLY said, the Committee of Ways and
Means proposed a non-concurrence in all these
appropriations for the Territories.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Amendments 23 and 24 of the Senate. To
strike out "$6,300" and insert "$8,300, ' in
the appropriation for the salaries of the Attorney
General, and the clerk and messenger in his office;
and increasing that of the messenger to $700 from
the lstof July, 1850, and adding at the end thereof
the following words:
" And the salary of tile Atturirey General being herebyin-
ereastd to §3,00J |ier annum from the same day."
Mr. MOREHEAD expressed the hope that the
amendment of the Senate would be agreed to. It
was called for by the gieat amount of the business
which passed through the hands of the Attorney
General. _ .
After some conversation on a point of order—
Mr. JONES moved to amend by reducing the
amount, and contended that the salary at present
paid was sufficient.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, said, the ob-
ject was to put this officer in point of pay on a
footing with the other Cabinet officers. The com-
pensation at present authorized was altogether
inadequate, and not commensurate with the oner-
ous nature of the duties discharged.
Mr. JONES withdrew the amendment.
The question recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate.
The vote stood—ayes 85, noes 41.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
The following amendment coming up: page &l,
line 13, at the end thereof insert the words, "and
the salary of the Attorney General being hereby
increased to $6,000 per annum from the same day.
should not be retained in any case except where
the United States is interested as a party.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, made a point of or-
der, that this was not the placefor the amendment.
1 The CHAIR overruled the point of order^
I Mr. TAYLOR hoped the question would "be
; stated. It was utterly impossible to understand
' what was going on.
1 Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, claimed the
: floor. The reason given, he said, for the increase
of the salary was the reason which should induce
j Congress to adopt the amendment he proposed—
| that was to say, he should be confined entirely to
! the business of the Government. With this
1 amendment he would vote for the amendment of
the Senate.
Some conversation followed as to the propriety
of Cabinet officers practising their professions du-
ring their terms of office.
Mr. HOUSTON said, heunderstood theeffect of
the amendment was to prohibit the Attorney Gen-
eral from being retained or receiving fees in any case
except those in which the United States wasaparty.
Mr. THOMPSON assented.
Mr. HOUSTON thought there was some force in
the objection of the gentleman from-Florida, [Mr.
Cabell,] that this was not the place in which to
make such a change.
He referred to the vast increase of the duties of
the Attorney General, correspondent with the
growth of the country, and argued that they were
such as to occupy his whole time, and therefore the
prohibition was unnecessary.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, desired to offer a
; further amendment.
: The CHAIRMAN ruled it out of order, on the
! ground that it was an amendment in the third de-
gree, (the amendment of the Senate being an
amendment in the first degree.)
Mr. JOHNSON appealed from the decision.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chaif
stand as the judgment of the committee ?" was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
" Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, modified hia
amendment, so as to read, that" in no case shall
he be retained as attorney or counsel in the Su-
preme Court, except where the United States are
interested, or are parties."
The question was propounded upon agreeing to
the amendment of Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi,
to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Ogle and
McMullen were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 40, noes 81.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected .
j The question recurred on concurring in the
1 amendment of the Senate.
i Mr. MEADE moved, (pro forma,) which was
not heard by the Reporter.
He believed this was one of the most, if not the
most important officer of the Cabinet, and spoke
of the eminent legal qualifications necessary for the
office. He referred to the receipts of ordinary
practice of a lawyer of such attainments as equal
to or more than the salary of the Attorney Gen-
eral. He spoke of the losses incurred by break-
ing up an established practice, leaving home, &c.,
and of the importance of having the very highest
order of attainments in that office. He was, there-
fore, in favor of the proposed increase of salary,
and expressed the opinion, that if the salary had
been adequate to have commanded the whole time
of this officer, the Government would have saved
the $200,000 paid for the Galphin claim, and the
$30,1)00 for the Barron claim.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said, the remarks
i of his friend from Virginia [Mr. Meade] might be
I construed to reflect upon the ability and integrity
! of the late Attorney General, [Mr. Reverdy Jom-
1 sos.] He (Mr. J.) knew well that it was not m-
j tended by his friend from Virginia, [Mr. Meade.]
I Mr. MEADE ru?e and said, his friend was
I rio-ht; be certainly had not intended to cast a re-
I flection upon either the ability or integrity of that
i honorable gentleman.
I Mr. JOHNSON resumed, and said he knew it,
and was glad to afford his friend "the opportunity
to prevent a possible future misconception.
