1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
ing most favorable indications for an exploration
of this kind. The navigators of oar seas tell us
that never within the memory of man has there
been such a quantity of the floating ice of the
northern seas in the seas far South, as during the
present season. They say that this shows an ear-
lier breaking up than usual of the ice in the north-
er!) seas, and there is a probability of opening chan-
nels further North than has been exhibited for
many years. If then an expedition starts under
existing circumstances, it is believed that they will
have an opportunity of penetrating further North
than in ordinary seasons.
I submit, Mr. President, that, under any aspect
in which this question can be considered, it is
right and proper that we pass this resolution, and
that we pass it speedily. To delay, to defer, to
make a question whether the Government shall
take the matter into its own hands and buy ships
or build ships, is to end the whole matter. Let us
pass the resolution, without further debate here,
and now.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not intend to have taken
part in this discussion, but if the yeas and nays
are taken my vote may be misunderstood, and 1
therefore desire to say a few words in explanation
of that vote. It would indeed be a great triumph
to American enterprise if we could make the dis-
covery about which so much has been said here
to-day—a very great triumph. I know thatnational
reputation is national property of the highest
value; and, if we can acquire reputation by
making this discovery, I shall rejoice at it. The
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs has
told us that these officers are willing to embark in
this hazardous enterprise, and that the men will
also embark voluntarily; and he also tells us that
it is taking men who are doing nothing and put-
ting them into employment, such as may redound
to the honor of the country. I shall therefore vote
for the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Like the Senator from South
Carolina, I desire to state the ground upon which
I shall record my vote in favor of this resolution.
1 shall votefor itbecause Ican'see nothing improper
in it, and because it will afford American officers
and American seamen an opportunity of distin-
guishing themselves and acquiring a reputation
and character to our naval force. For this reason,
and because I see nothing detrimental in it, L shall
vote for the resolution.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and re-
sulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Brad-
bury, Butlei, Chase, Clay, Cooper, Convm, Dawson, Day-
ton, Dodge of Iowa, Dodge of Wisconsin, Greene, Houston,
Mangum, Miller, P^arce, Phelps, Pratt, Seward,
Shields, Sturg on, Wales, Whitcoinh, and Yulee—23.
NAYS—Messr®. Atchison, Borland, Bright, Cass, Davis
of Missi^ppt, Dougla?, Downs, Felch, Foote, Hunter, Jones,
King, Norn*-, Rusk, Sebastian, and Turney—16.
So the joint resolution was passed.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate then
proceeded to the consideration of the order of the
day, being the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. BUTLER moved that it be postponed till
to-morrow, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
siderate n of Executive business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 hope not. I hope that this
bill will he disposed of.
Mr. BUTLER. Judging from what has already
taken place, the debate will not be finished within
a week.
A division was called for, when the motion to
postpone was carried.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of executive business, and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were thrown open, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 2, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the regular order
of business to be the call of the committees for
reports, commencing where the call was last sus-
pended, with the Committee on Naval Affairs.
THE AMERICAN MERIDIAN.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, submitted the following
report and joint resolution concerning the A«Yier -
can prime meridian:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to which
were referred sundry memorials protesting against
the establishment of an American prime meridian
in the preparation of the American Nautical Al-
roanac, respectfully report:
That in the investigation of this subject they
have had the benefit of the views of many of the
most eminent scientific men of the country, given
in their correspondence with Lieutenant Charles
H. Davis, the superintendent of the American
Nautical Almanac, and furnished to the committee
by the Secretary of the Navy. There is great
conflict of sentiment among these distinguished
gentlemen; but it is believed that two positions
are so well established as to admit of no dispute.
These are: first, that in the present condition of
navigation some inconvenience would be experi-
enced by abandoning the Greenwich and adopting
the American prime meudian; and, second, that
the establishment of the latter is indispensable to
the accuracy and perfection of all astronomical and
geographical operations upon this continent. The
committee are of opinion that the inconvenience to
navigators resulting from a change of meridian has
been greatly overrated; and if it were necessary to
determine whether thi3 difficulty is of sufficient
weight to counterbalance the advantages of the
change to astronomy and geography, the com-
mittee would have no hesitation in deciding in
favor of the American meridian. But it is believed
that all controversy may be avoided and all parties
satisfied by adopting the American meridian for
astronomical and geographical purposes, and cal-
culating that portion of the Nautical Almanac,
designed for the exclusive use of navigators, for
the meriuian of Greenwich. This policy is not
entirely new. In a letter of date the 2d October,
1849, from Professor Enke to the editor of the
" .Astmnnmisch NuchrichtenNo. 695, that distin-
guished astronomer says:
" Wiih the annual publication of the Berlin Astronomical
Register for 1832, which is already prepared, tins journal
changes hack to its earlier form ; tho nautical data are omit-
ted, and it passes over again into my hands. The difficulty to
be set 3;-ide, viz: that the Berlin meridian, which I mut-t re-
tain jn the register, doe§ not correspond wnli the meridian of
the beacharts, prevents mainly its Use witii ^eafaimg men, s>o
that, with justice, the ministry, who direct the busmen, hold
a further connection ot the two parts, the nautical and the as-
tronomical, as injudicious.'''
In accordance with this example, which, so far as
relates to the establishment of a national meridian
for astronomical purposes, is believed to be the
policy of every enlightened nation on the globe, the
committee present a joint resolution effecting the
same result, and they respectfully recommend its
passage by the House. It is not, however, in-
tended by this measure to signify anything beyond
a deference to the "present convenience and wishes
of our mercantile marine, rendered appropriate per-
haps by the fact that the meridian of Greenwich is
at this time more generally used than any other.
It is not impossible that a speedy change in the
channels adopted by the commerce of the Pacific,
and indeed in the commercial empire of the world,
may hereafter demand, even for the navigator, a
more central and convenient meridian. But this
will be more properly a subject for future investi-
gation.
The committee have not deemed it necessary to
do more than give this brief statement of their con-
clusions, inasmuch as the subject has been so fully
discussed in the interesting correspondence above
mentioned, to which they refer, and which they
beg leave to append as a part of this report
A Joint Resolution concerning American prime meridian :
Resolved hy the. Semite and Hov&e of Representatives oj the
United Sti.tcs oj Jhnenra xn Confess assembleJ, That here-
after tue meridian ot the (Xset \atoi j at Washington shall he
adopted and used a-. thy American murediun tor all agronom-
ical and geogiaphicni purpose:-, and that such part of the com-
putations of th« Nautical Almanac tna\ be {k'stgneit tor the
exclusive us<* of iidviyatois, shall be adapted to the meridian
of Greenwich.
The resolution having been read twice by its
title,
Mr. STANTON" said, it was very well known
that great excitement had been produced among
commercial men in the eastern cities, in regard to
the resolution adopted by both Houses during the
last Congress, to publish an American Nautical
Almanac. The excitement arose from the propo-
sition to change the meridian—the most usual
meridian of sea-faring men being that of Green-
wich. The memorials, which accompanied the
report, contained the repiesentations of a great
many commercial men, protesting against the ,
change. • The resolution which he now reported
was a compromise resolution. It met the object
sought to be attained, and at the same time gave
satisfaction to those gentlemen who had protested
against the change. Supposing, therefore, that
the resolution could give rise to no debate from any
quarter, and in order that time might not be un-
necessarily consumed, he moved that the resolu-
tion be put upon its passage.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, called for the
reading of the resolution.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. McLANE desired to be informed by the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] wheth-
i er the resolution made any refeience to American
t charts?
| Mr. STANTON, in reply to the inquiry, faid:
i The resolution will not interfere with American
| charts, which, though necessarily based upon and
calculated from an American meridian, are also
adapted to the meridian of Greenwich. Such will
continue to be the case after the passage of this
resolution. Indeed, by its very terms, the usual
meridian is to be retained for all nautical purposes.
This secures all that can be claimed or asked by
the ship-owners or navigators of the country. The
first clause of the resolution establishing the Ameri-
can meridian for astronomical and geographical
purposes, does nothing more than confirm what
is now done, what always has been done, and
what must continue to be done—for all the opera-
tions of the coast survey must necessarily be based
upon, and referred to, the meridian of some point
on this continent.
Mr. McLANE said, that he hoped the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] would not
press the joint resolution to a vote at this lime.
| There could be no doubt that the original prayer
, &f the petitioners contemplate an entire revolution
i in the whole system of navigation, so far as
1 American navigators were concerned. It was
j well known that from all parts of the country,
I and especially from the cities—from New Orleans
; to Boston—protests had been made against the
contemplated change. And as the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] had stated that the
II resolution which, he had reported was a com-
j1 promise resolution—some modification of the idea
K of radically changing the system of navigation—
j: and as the gentleman had submitted a report with
j j the resolution, it seemed to him that the subject
was of sufficient importance to require iVh.t the
report should be printed and laid before the House
before the members should be called upon to
adopt the resolution. He moved, therefore, that
the report be printed, and that the joint resolution
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
| Mr. STANTON said that if he had supposed
j that the resolution, in the form in which it had
! been presented, would have elicited any debate,
' or have given rise to dissatisfaction in any quarter
i of the House, he would not ha\e proposed that it
| should now be put upon its passage. The lesolu-
j tion which he had submitted repiesented the views
I of a larsje portion of those who signed the memo-
; rials protesting against the change. As regarded
the excitement which had existed upon the sub-
jj ject, he believed it was generally understood that
j| it came from a quarter which had a pecuniary
|' interest in it—and that this was not really a matter
|i of so much importance to the commercial interests
!j as to publishers of charts, and the republishes of
i1 the English Nautical Almanac. .
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said, that so far
as the objections which he had made to the reso-
' lution weie concerned, any intimation that they
came from parties having in the remotest degree
i any pecuniary interest in the matter, was without
,, foundation. The memorials to which he referred
>' were the memorials which had been referred to
■ ; the Committee on Commerce, and rereferred, by
;■ order of the House, to the Committee on Naval
affairs. Therefore, the gentleman from Tennes-
ij see, [Mr. Stakton,] if he had looked at these nie-
mortals, would have found that they emanated from
ship-owners and the navigating interests of the
j j country. He (Mr. McL.) did not doubt that the
j: resolution before the House might meet these ob-
jections. He did not intend to impeach the fact
|j which the gentleman had stated, that the resolution
|j avoided these objections. But he repeated, they
!' did not come from interested parties. Tliey came
\\ from ^insurance companies—from the owners of
