1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1887
Mr. HUBBARD moved to amend the amend-
ment by raisins: the amount to $150,000.
Mr. HUBBARD said, he believed the custom-
house and its machinery was becoming one of the
greatest curses to our form of Government; but
this was not the time to expose its enormities
when honestly conducted, much less the abuses
now prevalent. He hoped to do this at spme fu-
ture day. What he now wished to say was, that
Mobile was the place of second magnitude in the
southern States a3 to its exports, which were
from four to five hundred thousand bags of cotton,
a large and increasing import trade, and to those
who were sharing so largely in expenditure of
public money, raised by taxation from our section
at least in equal portions. Mr. H. begged such
to look at the treatment we were receiving at their
hands. Where was the eastern or northern city
of the importance of Mobile, for which only
$50,000 had been expended on custom-house lot
and budding? There could be no such northern
sea-port found so neglected in expenditure. Hav-
ing exposed the partial and unjust manner in
which the South were treated, Mr. H. proposed to
withdraw the amendment.
Objected to.
Mr. ALSTON, by consent, submitted some
facts connected with the trade of Mobile, to show
that if any appropriation was allowed at all for a
custom-house at that port, the amount proposed
by the Senate was a proper amount.
The amendment of Mr. Hubbard was rejected.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
McLane, of Maryland, and Duncan were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the vote 3tood—
ayes 84, noes 47.
So the amendment of the Senate was concuired
in.
The 40th amendment of the Senate. Insert in
page 38, after line 12, as follows:
" For the firection of a nfw custom-house at San Fran-
cisco, to contain 100ms for the post office in that city and the
accommodation of its officers, and also rooms tor the Uni-
ted States district court, the accommodation of its officers
and other Government officers m California, until the whole
building is needed for custom-house purposes, one hundred
thousand dollars: Provided, t>aid building shall he exempt
from all State or city taxation : And provided, further, That
the wholtt cost of ihe same thall not exceed lour hundred
thousand dollars."
Mr. BAYLY moved an amendment to theamend-
ment, which, having been modified at the sugges-
tion of Mr. Vinton, was to strike out the word
" or," and insert after the word city, " or other,"
so as to make the exemption from State, city, or
other taxation.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. BAYLY said the Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a concurrence in the amend-
ment; but for the same reason which he had men-
tioned against an appropriation for a marine hos-
pital, he was opposed to it.
Mr. GILBERT said he wished to state a few
facts, showing the importance of this appropria-
tion; and was proceeding, when
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and stated that
there was no question before the committee open
for debate.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The 41st amendment of the Senate. In page 39,
after line 2, insert:
" For continuing th* construction of the custom-house at
Savannah, Georgia, §15,000."
Mr. BAYLY said, he was directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to recommend a con-
currence in that amendment.
Mr. JACKSON was proceeding to make a re-
mark in support of a larger appropriation, but was
called to order.
The amendment was concurred in.
Amendment No. 42 of the Senate. In page 39,
after line .9, insert:
" For finishing and altering rooms m the cu*toirt-house,
Portland, Maine, for the accommodation of the Federal
courts, clerk of the district and circuit courts, and marshal's
office, $3,031 70."
Mr. BAYLY said, he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways* and Means to recommend
that the appropriation be stricken out.
Mr. LIT TLEFIELD said, that in order to bring
himself within the rule to speak one minute in favor
of the appropriatisn, he would move to add one
cent to the amount.
This (said Mr. L.") is but a trifle asked for to
carry into cffect the object named in the paragraph,
and he hoped the House wouid concur with the
Senate, and allow the appropriation to stand. The
papers were received after the bill had passed the
House, and the matter was examined by the Fi-
nance Committee of the Senate, and, as he under-
stood, the Senate unanimously agreed to the
amendment.
The judge of the district court of the United
States for Maine, as well as the district attorney,
marshal, and clerks, had all certified to the neces-
sity of the alteration of the rooms for the accom-
modation of the courts and offices, and the safe-
keeping of the records.
i will (said Mr. L ) only trespass upon the
precious time of the House to add, that I have
personal knowledge of the necessity of this ap-
propriation, and will hold myself personally re-
sponsible to every member who votes for it, that
it is right.
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
Amendment No. 43 of the Senate. In page 30,
after line 12. insert: j
" For eontinuine the survey of the western coast of the
United State,®, $25,000."
Mr. BAYLY said the Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a concurrence in the amend-
ment. He was informed by the officers of the
Senate that the clause was misprinted, and that
! the appropriation which the Senate voted was
' §40,000.
The CHAIRMAN said it would require a mo-
tion to increase the sum to §40,000.
Mr. HOLMES moved an amendment to the
amendment, to increase the sum to §40,000.
He briefly advocated the proposed appropria-
tion of the Senate; and, alluding to our vast com-
merce on the Pacific coast, urged the importance
of prosecuting the coast survey at this time. The
rejection of the amendment was a mere postpone-
ment of the appropriation: for, if refused now, it
must be made next year, and it would be only
the saving of interest. But what proportion did
the pitiful amount of interest bear to the losses of
individuals, companies, and to the losses of life
which would result from the neglect of Congress
to do its duty towards the commerce of th^t coast?
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Potter and
Fowler were appointed.
Mr. STANLY asked that the amendment might
be read.
And it was again read.
Some conversaiion followed on a point of order.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Chair, whether
the amendment of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Holmes] did not propose to niake the
sum precisely that which the Senate intended?
The CHAIRMAN answered in the ajnrmative.
The question was then taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 78, noes 48.
So the amendment of Mr. Holmes was agreed
to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate as thus amended.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, offered the
following amendment:
<c Provided, That the said survey shall be conducted hv
the olficer& of the navy ; and that the said «am shall be paid
out of thp appropriation for the survey of the coast of th«
United State0-"
Mr. T. (after recapitulating the appropriations
made for th£ coast survey) said he thought it was
a reflection upon our navy that this survey was
not conducted by the officers of the navy. There
was, he believed, no other nation where these
works were not conducted by the officers of the
navy. He hoped that the survey, if m  de, would
be made by these officers and that the expense
would be paid out of the fund appropriated for the
coast survey.
Mr. GRINNELL said a few words in reply,
(of which scarcely anything was heard,) against
the amendment of Mr. Thompson, and in favor of
the amendment of the Senate. He urged that if
any portion of the amount for the western coast
was taken from the appropriation for the Atlantic
and Gulf survey, it would greatly derange the
plans of the Superintendent, and impair his oper-
ations on those coasts. He hoped the amendment
of the Senate would be concurred in.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Thompson by tellers, (Messrs. Evans and
Jones,) and the vote stood—ayes 50, noes 69.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question again recurred on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate.*
Mr. THURSTON moved to raise the sum to
forty-one thousand dollars, and said: I have made
this motion, Mr. Chairman, to enable me to ad-
vocate the propriety of concurring with the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended. That amendment
as amended appropriates $40,000 to continue the
survey of the Western coast, I do not desire my
amendment to prevail, but I do desire that the rec-
ommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means, recommending a non-concurrence, should
not prevail.
Mr. Chairman, I must confess I was much sur-
prised when the chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee announced to this committee,
that he had been instructed by his committee to
recommend adversely to this amendment. It wilt
be readily recollected that this matter was before
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union <?ome time ago. The civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill was reported to the House* be-
fore application was made for this appropriation,
because the state of facts which more immediately
called for this appropriation did not come to the
knowledge of Professor Bache till an advanced
stage of this session. When the facts to whicfe I
have just referred came to the knowledge of the
superintendent of the coast survey, he laid the
matter before the Secretary of the Treasury, asking
an appropriation, and upon examination, the Sec-
retary addressed a letter to the Committee of
Ways and Means, recommending an appropriation
of $40,000; that committee being assured by the
Secretary and Professor Bache that that sum was
absolutely necessary, and that the survey on our
coast must be abandoned, unless the appro priation
was made. For some reason unknown to me, the
committee refused to recommend theappropriation.
Failing in getting their endorsement, I offered
an amendment to the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, when that was under consideration,
providing for an appropriation for this purpose;
but after discussion, the amendment was lost
by mere accident. Thus failing here, we next
brought the matter before the Committee on Fi-
nance of the Senate. That committee, without
division, recommended an amendment to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and this
recommendation was concurred in by the Senate.
Now, sir, after the matter had been vouched for by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and by the superin-
tendent of the coast survey, I repeat, I was no little
surprised to find the Committee of Ways and
Means of this House still adverse to the appropria-
tion. I am sorry for it, sir, because I do not like to
contend against such odds; but as great as it may
be, I must appeal from their decision to tne gen-
tlemen of this committee.
The law of the 14th of August, 1848, organizing
the territorial government of Oregon, made a
small appropriation for light-houses and buoys on
the coast^of Oregon. The sites of these light-
houses had to be Iocated,as well as the proper
locality for the buoys fixed upon; hence these sur-
veying parties were dispatched to that coast for
the purpose. This was the prime object which
was had in view in dispatching these parties.
California at that time was in an anomalous state,
but by the intervention of subsequent events, with
wh^ch we all are familiar, that coast needs survey
also; and it is for the survey of tins, as well as the
coast of Oregon, that this appropriation is asked.
Now, sir, bearing in mind that these parties were
first dispatched with a view to Oregon alone, and
we are at once ahlj? to account for the estimate of
Professor Bache of $12,000, about which so much
was said when this was up before, for the survey
of the Western coast, I am assured by that gen-
tleman, that this estimate was made eighteen
months ago, and with a view to Oregon alone, and
before it was known to him what the cost of this
labor would be on that coast. And what are the
reasons why this estimate is now asked to be in-
creased ? I will briefly tell you. Whea this
party was dispitched to the coast, hands were
taken out under written articles to continue in the
service during its execution. But upon arriving
there, they embraced every opportunity to desert.
This method failing, discipline was tried, but this
proved equally unsuccessful. A par: ot the crew
threw overboard Past Midshipman Gibson, in the
bay of San Francisco, leaving him to drown, and
