1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 27,
made their escape. A part or all of them were
retaken, and two of them hung. But neither
contract nor fear could detain them, so that Lieu-
tenant Commanding McArthur had to proceed
to the Sandwich Islands for a crew before he
could prosecute his work. However, no sooner
had he returned to Oregon, wages there by that
time equaling those of California, than this new
crew commenced desertion. But so eager were
those young officers to maintain their reputation,
and to prosecute their work, that ! am informed
they have had to go on shore, when it was neces-
sary for any part of the crew to do so, to prose-
cute the work, with revolver in hand to prevent
the escape of the hands. In spite of their vigi-
lance, a whole boat's crew escaped, taking the
boat of the schooner Ewing with them; and 1 am
informed by Professor Bache, that this desertion
stopped the operation of the party for a month,
and that it cost the Government seven hundred
dollars to retake the deserters. The inducement
to this desertion was the great disparity between
the toages which the crew were paid, and the
wages their'services would command in Oregon or
California; the result was, that Lieutenant McAr-
thur found it absolutely impossible to keep a erew
without paymgthem the wages of the coast. This
he has been authorized to do; hence the reasons
for the increase of this appropriation are the
vastly increased expense of procuring the neces-
sary labor for the work—the equally increased
expense of living, and materials on the coast—the
addition of the nine hundred miles of sea-coast of
California, with its inland bays and rivers—the ne-
cessity of increased surveys on the coast of Ore-
gon, and in her rivers and bays. These, sir, are
a few of the reasons; and when you reflect that
the coast survey has been going on for years on
the Atlantic, and that this year about two hundred
thousand dollars are to be expended; and when
you take into consideration the increasing com-
'merce of that coast, and that it measures in ex-
tent fifteen or sixteen hundred miles, and but
$12,000 are estimated for this coast, and not one
single light-house on the whole of it; surely, sir,
you cannot consider the increase -which we ask
unreasonable. These two sums amount to $52,000
for the year. Tl\e whole coast is comparatively
unKnown.' The parties are there, and must be
withdrawn if this increase is denied. Bat who
does not know that that coast must be surveyed ?
If, then, you withdraw them now, you will do it
at the expense of the Government, at the same
time having the fact staring yo* in the face, that
you will have soon to send these parties, or similar
ones, to complete the work which is now begun.
It amounts to this, that you will stop a work of
heavy expense to the Government, for the purpose
of commencing it again at increased expense! This,
sir, will be the result of non-concurring with the
Senate amendment. This I do not believe this
committee is prepared to do; and to prevent its
being done, and to serve the interests of our coast,
are the reasons why I have ventured to breast the
heavy influence which a recommendation from the
Committee of Ways and Means usually has with
this committee and with this House, i trust, sir,
that in this case that influence will be shifted;
the amendment of the Senate will prevail, and
that the interests of my coast and of my constit-
uency wili be thereby subserved. I have done,
sir.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
Jones and Tiiurston.
Mr. BAYLY replied to Mr. Thurston, and ex-
plained and vindicated the course of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means in rejecting this appro-
priation. He repeated what he hc-.d previously
said, that if Congress went on appropriating ail
that was asked for, the Government would be
bankrupted. It was bankrupt now. The Senate
had inseited in this bill appropriations amounting
to over a million of dollars, which the Committee
of Ways and Means had stricken out.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BISSLLL moved to add the following to
he amendment of the Senate;
Ami that on« lulf of said sum be taken out of the appro-
priations heretofore made lor that purpose.
He said, if the amount now asked were appro-
priated, it would make a total of appropriations
made this session for ihe coast survey, of §260 000.
He expressed the opinion, that while the survey
pf the wesiero'coast was important, neither the
exigencies of the case nor the condition of the
Treasury justified so large an appropriation: If
the superintendent had laid out his plans already,
he had acted in great haste; and he undoubtedly
could modify them.
Mr. VINTON said the gentleman from Illinois
was mistaken in his estimate of the appropriations
made this year. The same amount was appropriated
in the bill as had been appropriated for two or
three years past, viz: $186,000. All that amount
had heretofore been consumed on the Atlantic
coast, and this additional appropriation was pro-
posed for the extensive Western coast we had re-
cently acquired. He spoke of the derangements
of the work already going on on the Atlantic
coast, and of the great importance to our extensive
Pacific commerce of the work there being carried
on, and hoped the §40,000 which the Senate had
inserted would be granted.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, the committee rose
and reported.
THE "FIVE MINUTES RULE.
Mr. BAYLY. I intend to submit a motion to
suspend the five minutes debate. But I beg to
say that I do not intend to propose that it shall
extend to the amendments relating to the public
printing. On the contrary, when we get to them,
I shall move to rise, for the purpose of moving in
the House to rescind the resolution terminating
debate. I move a suspension of the rules to en-
able me to move to suspend the five minutes rule
for the remainder of the session.
Mr. VINTON. I wish to inquire of the Speak-
er, in case the motion now made by the gentleman
I from Virginia is adopted, and the committee rise,
having partly executed the order, whether it will
then be in order to rescind it?
The SPEAKER. Thatquestion was propound-
ed this morning, and the Chair repeats' what he
then said, that the House, on a previous occasion,
overruled the decision of the Chair, and decided
that an order partly executed could not be recon-
sidered. In the opinion of the Chair it would be
in order to move to reconsider it.
Mr. VINTON suggested to the gentleman from
Virginia, in order to save any trouble on this
point, that it would be better to except these
amendments.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 prefer to do it. I move to
suspend the rules to enable me to move to suspend
the five minutes rule for the balance of the ses-
sion, except upon the amendments relative to the
public printing.
Mr. WENTWORTH mode some remark to
Mr. Bayly, which was not heard by the Reporter.
Mr. BAYLY (in reply) said there was but one
legislative day of the session left, and if the House
chose to go into a general debate about Mr.
Rttchieand the gentleman from Illinois, they could
not get through the business; so they must choose
between the two.
Mr. VENABLE rose, and was proceeding to
make.a remark, when he was interrupted by calls
to order.
The SPEAKER stated that this conversation
was out of order, and could not be allowed if ob-
jection was mode.
Mr. VENABLE. I shall vote against the whole
proposition.
The SPEAKER, announced the question upon
the motion to suspend the five minutes rule for
the remainder of the session, except upon the
amendments of the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill relative to the public printing.
Mr. VINTON suggested that the motion was
to suspend the rule only as far as related to the
amendments of the Senate to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER stated that he had understood
the gentleman from Virginia otherwise, and as he
had propounded the question; and appealed to the
gentleman from Virginia to know if this was his
motion ?
Mr. BAYLY replied, that the proposition was
to suspend the rule for the remainder of the ses-
sion, except in relation to the three amendments
indicated.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee, wished to amend
the motion by striking out the exception relative
to the public printing.
The SPEAKER. An amendment is not in
order pending the motion to suspend. If the rules.,
are suspended, and the motion ig brought before
the House, it will then be amendable within the
limits of the rules. ' \
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended V9
was then taken, and the vote stood—ayes 93, noea
27.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BAYLY then submitted his motion.
• Mr. STANTON moved to amend the motion,
by striking out ihe exception as to the three last
sections of the amendments, (relating to public
printing.) And he moved the previous question.
Some conversation followed on a point of order,
between Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania, and the
Speaker.
The previous question \yas then seconded. And
the mam question (first on the amendment) waa
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the yeas and nays?
but withdrew the demand.
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Bayly—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
yeas and nays, which were refused.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a call of the House.
The motion was not in order.
The question was then taken, and the motion of
Mr. Bayly was agreed to.
Mr. STRONG moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid upon the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended,
to enable him to move that the Hcfcise take a re-
cess until six o'clock.
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then we will
be here till to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
The question being taken, and two-thirds voting
in the affirmative, the rules were suspended.
Mr. BAYLY submitted his motion.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend k, by providing
for a recess at the same time (from four to six) to-
morrow.
The amendment was agreed to.
And the motion, as amended, was agreed to.
So the House took a recess until six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The SPEAKER called the House to order at
nine minutes passed six o'clock.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the sta<te of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I hope my
friend from Virginia will give way for one mo-
ment.
Mr. BAYLY. If there is any man in the House
I would give way to, it is my friend from Ken-
tucky. But I will give way to nobody.
The motion of Mr. Bayly was put and agreed to.
GENERAL APPROPRIATIONS-
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Burt in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN called the committee to
order.
The question pending when the House took a
recess was on the amendment of Mr. Bissbli>,
providing that one half of the sum of #40.000, ap-
propriated by the Senate for the survey of the
western coast of the United States, shall be drawn
from the general appropriation for the survey of
the coast ^f the United States.
The question was put on this amendment, and
it was rejected.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Senate as it was amended in the morning,
and it was agreed to.
The following amendments of the Senate, on
the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House, were coneuned in, viz:
Amendment No. 44. Strike-from the clause
providing for the binding of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix with Russia leather backs
and corners, the following:
« Provided, That the Cl*rfc of the House of Represeafa-
lives «hall let the contracts for binding to the tow est bidder
below sixtv cents per volume, and that the wuik shah be
commenced* ininiediately after the priming is done, and
concluded as soon thereafter as possible."
And add after the word "corners" iiTHhe pre-
ceding part of the amendment, the words "at a
price not exceeding sixty cents."
Amendment No. 45. Strike out from page 41
the following:
