1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
his bill, if it provide for free navigation, that I
will design to " arrest action." No, sir; on the
other hand, 1 will aid and urge its passage to the
extent of my feeble abilities.
Mr. BUEL now renewed the demand for the
previous question.
1 Pending the second of the demand for the pre-
vious question—
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
vania, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union^(Mr. Thomp-
son, of Mississippi, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill " providing for the
taking of the seventh census of the United States."
When the committee rose yesterday, the second
section was under consideration, in the words fol-
lowing:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each of said
marshals shall, before entering upon his dime?:, take and
subscribe the following oath, before any circuit oi district
judae of the United State.-, to wit:
"~i, , marshal of the district of , do solemnly
sweai [or affirmj that i will, to the best of my ability, enu-
merate, or cause to be enumoated, all tlx; inhabitants of
said district, and will collect, or cause to be collected, the
other -tatMical information within the same,and will faith-
fully peilorm all the duties enjoined on me by the act pro-
viding for the taking ot the seventh census."
And when duly authenticated by the said judge, he shall
deposit a copy thereof, so authenticated, with the said Sec-
retary of the Interior, and no marshal shall discharge any of
the duties herein lequired, until he has taken and subscribed
this oath, and forwaided a copy as aforesaid.
Mr. PUTNAM moved an amendment, to strike
out all of the 2d section after the word "judge,"
in the twelfth line, and insert the following:
"The same shall be filed in the office of the clerk of the
district court of the United States, or Territory of which
he is the marshal, before he shall discharge any ot the du-
ties herein required. And the said clerk, upon the filing
the s-aid o;iih, s-hdll transmit a copy thereof and of the offi-
cpr'-ceitificate, dulyauthenticatedunderthe seal o' the said
court, to the Secretary of the Interior—and a similar copy
thereof so authenticated by the said cleik, thai! be pnmj,
fact* evidence of the taking the said oath, m all courts
where the same may be ottered in evidence."
He said he was satisfied that the amendment
which he proposed should be adopted by the com-
mittee. The oath required to be taken by the
marshal, it seemed from the provision of the sec-
tion, was to be kept by him, in his own posses-
sion, and be at his own disposal. It struck him
(Mr. P.) that this oath should be placed in some
position where it would be accessible and open to
examination whenever occasion might require;
and he knew of no place more proper for it to be
deposited in than the office of the clerk of the ju-
dicial district m which the marshal resided.
Again: this section required the marshals to
forward to the Secretary of the Interior a copy of
this oath. Now, he did not intend to impute any
intended wrong to the marshals, but cases might
arise in which they might foiward to the Secre-
tary of the Interior what purported to be a copy,
when, in fact, the oath had never been subscribed
and taken before any judicial officer. It appeared
to him, therefore, very proper that the copy of the
oath which was forwarded to the Secretary should
be duly authenticated.
Again: he was of the opinion, that in case it
ever became necessary for the marshal to appear
before a court of justice to defend himself for acts
done by him in the discharge of his official duties,
it was proper that he should be provided with
evidence of the fact that he had taken the specific
oath which the census act required. The per-
formance of the duties required by this act did
not at all belong to the general duties of marshal.
If, therefore, he should be sued for entering the
premises of an individual, for instance, it would
become necessary for him, in order to justify the
act, to produce evidence that he was acting in the
discharge of duties imposed upon him by law. The
latter part of the amendment which he proposed
would furnish an easy remedy for the maishai.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to a
question of older, and inquired if the amendment
of the gentleman from New York was in order—
a motion having been made to strike out the entire
section, and having; been rejected?
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was m order.
Mr. THOMPSON. All I want to say, then,
is, that there is no necessity for the amendment.
I hope the committee will vote it down.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
On motion by Mr. BOWIE, a verbal amend-
ment was adopted, inserting in the third line af-
ter the word "oath,** the words " or affirmation."
The 3d section being under consideration, in the
words following:
Sec. 3. *And be it further enacted, That each marshal shall
separate Jusdistrietinto subdivtstonseonlaining not exceed-
ing twenty thousand persons in each, unless the limitation
to that number causes inconvenient boundaries, in which
case the number may be laiger; and shall alto estimate
from the best sources of information which he is able, to ob-
tain, the number of square miles in each subdivision, and
transmit the same to the Department of the Interior. Jfrovi •
tided, however, That in bounding such subdivisions, the
limits theieof shall be known civil divisions,i-uch as county,
parish, town, city, ward or district lines, or highways, or
natural boundaries, such as rivers, lakes, &c.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, under in"
structions from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported an amendment to strike out, between the
third and fifth lines, the following words:
" Unless the limitation to that number cau^e inconve-
nient boundaries, in which case the number may be larger.5'
He made the single remark, in explanation, that
the amendment would shorten the time required
for taking the census.
The question being taken and no quorum
voting—
Mr. THOMPSON called for tellers.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend,
by inserting the words, " unless the limitation to
that number causes inconvenient boundaries;" for
the purpose (he said) of submitting a few remarks.
He was of opinion that the motion of the chair-
man of the Committee on 4.he Judiciary [Mr.
Thompson] ought not to prevail. Why should
it? As the bill stands (Mr. E. contended) there
is a limitation to a number convenient and reason-
able; which number is to be increased only in case
the limitation cause inconvenient boundaries. If
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
should prevail, many counties containing only a
small number of persons more than twenty
thousand, would be most inconveniently divided;
either into portions entirely too small within the
same county, for example, twenty thousand in
one portion, and one thousand in another; in
which case the latter would not pay the census
taker; or into two portions of ten thousand five
hundred each, in which case neither would pay.
Again: in the case of a county containing twenty
thousand five hundred persons, if twenty thousand
were given to one taker of the census, the remain-
ing five hundred persons would neressauly have
to be attached to the adjoining county; and if the
addition caused the numbers of that county to
exceed twenty thousand, then it must be divided;
and so on, until perhaps every county in the State
would be arbitrarily cut up.
Such division would moreover cause great delay,
which at this late period would be detrimental.
It is far better to adhere when possible to
natural and political divisions, and when these are
two large, as is the case when a single county is
sufficiently large to send a member to Congress,
the bill as it stands admits a subdivision.
Mr. E. then withdrew his amendment.
Mr.THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (on a pro
forma amendment) moved to strike out " twenty"
thousand, and insert " ten." He (Mr. T.) said
a very few words in reply to the objections of Mr.
Evans. The subdivisions might be made by
townships,-he said, and so ai ranged as to obviate
all the difficulty which had been suggested.
Mr. L1TTJLEFIELD was understood to in-
quire of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thompson] whether, in case a city contained
twenty-one thousand inhabitants, the gentleman
would* give twenty thousand to one subdivision,
aad create another for the remaining one thousand ?
Mr. THOMPSON was understood to repty that
m thatcase two subdivisions could be created—one
containing ten thousand, and the oilier eleven thou-
sand,
Mr. T. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, renewed the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thomp-
son.] He said he thought that by adopting the
amendment it would hasten tne completion of the
work; as the bill stands, it gives to each assistant
twenty thousand persons to enumerate, and even
more than that when such a limitation would give
" inconvenient boundaries." Under it, a county
of thirty or torty or fifty thousand might be as-
signed to one assistant marshal.
Mr. THOMPSON (interposing) said that a se-
rious objection to the increase of the number of
assistant marshals existed from the fact that it
would require a large additional number of blanks.
Mr. HARRIS. This is a mistake. I should
like to know how it could take more blanks for
the enumeration of fifty thousand persons, #hen
the work is done by five assistants, at ten thou-
sandeach, than where it is wholly done by one per-
son. This cannot be the case. The average pop-
ulation of our western counties is less than ten
thousand—and the census of each one ought to be
taken by one of its own citizens; but as the bill
stands, the marshal may assign two, three, or more
counties to one assistant, provided the several
counties do not contain in all more than twenty
thousand. I think this is wrong. The census
will be taken far more accurately by raising a
large number of assistants. They will then be re-
sidents of the neighborhoods in which they act,
and consequently be better informed than any
stranger can be. Besides, the late day at which
they must comrrfence this work, will render it im-
possible to complete it within the time required by
the bill, unless this amendment is adopted, or some
amendment havinga like object. For the purpose,
then, of ensuring expedition in this work, and
above all accuracy, without which it will be value-
less, I hope this amendment will receive the ap-
proval of the committee.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. Duer. and the Chair.
TheCHAIRstated that the question wasnotnow
on the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Harris,] but on that of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson,] to strike out the
words " unless the limitation to that number
causes inconvenient boundaries, in which case the
number may be larger."
Mr. THOMPSON withdrew the amendment,
at the request of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Duer,] to allow him to say a word, (and on
pledge of renewal.)
Mr. DUER deprecated any attempt to go too
much into detail in this bill. He thought (he said)
that they might safely leave to the marshals them-
selves the adjustment of all these minor matters.
The better mode, he thought, would be, to leave
the provision as it now stood in the bill, (retaining
the words " unless the limitation to that number
causes inconvenient boundaries, in which case the
number may be larger.")
Mr, D. then renewed (m accordance with his
pledge) the amendment of Mr. Thompson, of
Pennsylvania, to strike out the words last quoted.
Tellers had been ordered; and Messrs. Fowler,
of Massachusetts, and Fuller, of Maine, were
appointed.
And the question being taken, the affirmative
vote stood, ayes 29, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, now renewed his
motion to strike out "twenty" thousand,and m-
seit il ten."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
iVir. BROWN, of Indiana, moved to amend the
section m the second line, by striking out the
word 44 containing," and inserting the words " es-
timated to contain."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, expressed
his assent to such an amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON moved an amendment—a mere
verbal one, he said—to insert in the eleventh line,
between the words " county and parish," the
word " hundred."
In explanation, he said that the reason for offer-
ing this amendment was, that in the State which
he had the honor to represent, the divisions or
subdivisions were not parishes, towns, or wards,
but hundreds, according to the old subdivisions of
Alfred the Great.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, proposed to amend
the amendment by adding the word " township."
The word " town" was already, he said, in the
section; but that word had a peculiar signification.
Mr. HOUSTON accepted the modification.
And the amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the section, in the eighth line, by insetting
the words, " and transmit the same to the Depart-
ment of the Interior."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
