THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED'AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVE-S.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 7, 3850.
New Series No. 57.
So the amendment reported by Mr. Thompson
was agreed to.
Mr. CASEY moved to amend the section, by
adding at the end thereof the following:
"And for all the official acts of such deputy or deputies,
the marshals shall be lesponaible."
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
Section 9 being under consideration, as follows:
** Section 9. Jlndbe ?£ further enacted, That whenever the
population returned in any district shall exceed one million,
the marshal thereof shall hcentuh-d to receive as a compen-
sation for a!l ins service? in executing this act, aftei the rate
of one dollar for each thousand persons; hut if the number
i^turned .-hall bp te-vs than a million in any district, the mar-
shal thereof shall he allowed for his services at the rate of
one dollar and twenty-five cents for < ach thousand persons:
Provided. however, That no marshal shall receive less than
two hundred and fiftv dollars ; [and when the compensation
does not in the whole exceed the sum of live hundred dol-
lars, a reasonable allowance for clerk hire shall be made,
the amount whereof shall be determined by the Secretary
Of the Interior :] and the Secrvtarx; of the Interior shtdl render
to the marshals and assistant marshals of the territories such
an equivalent for their services as he shah deem just and equi-
table•• [.4nd provided further, That the compensation of the
several inaishals of Florida and the territories, shall l e=ueh
an equivalent for their respective services as the Secretary
of the Interior shall deem to be just and equitable:] Jlnd
provided, furtherj That if the marshal of any district shall
personally perform the duties assigned by this act to assis'-
ants, he shall receive therefor the compensation allowed
to assistants for like services.
The amendment reported by Mr. Thompson, of
Pennsylvania, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, proposes to strike out the words included in
brackets, and to insert those in italics.
The question being on agreeing to the said ;
amendment of the committee— j
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, read the j
first words proposed to be stricken out, and said i
he supposed it was not necessary to occupy the I
attention of the committee to explain this part of
the amendment.
In reference to the words proposed to be in-
serted, he said, it was, perhaps, requisite to state,
that in the territories the population might be
much more sparse than their rules would extend
to. There would be difficulties to be encounteied
in the territories, which would require some addi-
tional equivalent, and it was proper that it should
be left to be fixed at the discretion of the Secretary
of the Interior. This discretion had always here-
tofore been given to the Secretary of State.
Mr. CONRAD inquired why the committee
proposed to strike out the words designated ?
The gentleman from Pennsylvania had said this
did not require an explanation. He (Mr. C.)
thought it did.
Mr. THOMPSON said he thought it did not.
He thought it was not necessary to give those
marshals, who had few commissions and few in-
structions to send out, any allowance for Clerk hire.
Pending the question on this amendment,
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
vania, a virbal amendment was agreed to, to sub-
stitute in the sixteeth line for the word "equiva-
lent" the word "compensation."
The question recurring on the amendment re-
ported from the committee was taken, and no
quorum voted.
Tellers were asked and ordered.
Mr. CONRAD called for ad ivision of the ques-
tion so as to vote first on the motion to strike out
and then on the motion to Insert.
The CHAIRMAN slated that the motion to
strike out and insert was indivisible.
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island, (speaking on a pro
forma amendment) opposed the proposition to strike
out the words indicated; stating that the marshals
in the small States—where their compensation, com-
puted according to population, was very small—
had nearly as many duties to peiform as those in
the larger States, and arguing that it was reasonable
that an additional compensation should be allowed
them at the discretion of the Secretary of the In-
tel lor.
Mr. McDONALD moved to amend the amend-
ment by inserting in the sixteenth line (being in
the words proposed to be inserted) after the word
" equivalent," the words "not exceeding
57
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment and no quorum voted.
Tellers! (Messrs. Root aod Hamilton) were
appointed.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 56, no^k 65.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
offered by the Committee on the Judiciary, (on
which amendment tellers having previously been
ordeied, the same gentlemen were appointed to
act.)
The tellers had commenced the count, when
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the count be suspended.
The CHAIRMAN said it could be done only
by unanimous consent.
Mr. THOMPSON said, that no gentleman
seemed to understand what he was voting upon. }
Calls to order. I
The affirmative vote (having been taken) was |
declared to be 25, arid the neg'ative vote 55. !
No quorum voting. j
The CHAIRMAN said the Chair believed the i
rule was imperative that the roll should be called.
The tellers were yet in their places.
Mr. WENTWORTH approached them, and !
asking how many were wanted to make a quo- j
rum, requested to be counted. i
Several members suggested that the gentleman j
from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] should be j
counted as four.
And an amendment was moved to strike out ;
four and insert six. j
The tellers allotted to Mr. Wentworth the |
mere mortal unit, and the aggregate vote stood :
a long way from a quorum. !,
Cries—*s Call the roll." j
Mr. BAYLY asked for a recount. He thought
a quorum was certainy present.
The CHAIRMAN said a recount could only
be uken by unanimous consent.
Mr. BAYLY asked it.
Objection was made.
Mr. FOWLER asked the Chair to state the
question.
The CHAIRMAN (first asking that order
might be maintained) stated the question.
Mr. WOODWARD rose to inquire if an
amendment would be now in order'1
The CHAIRMAN said, it would be in order.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to amend the sec-
tion in the twelith line, by striking out " five
hundred" and inserting " two hundred and fifty."
His objection to the provision as it siood, (Mr.
W. said,) was, that it allowed a clerk just where
a clerk was not needed. He would not object to
allow a clerk where it was necessary to do so.
The Committee on the Judiciary having proposed
to strike out the whole of the clause to which this
amendment was offered—
Mr. W. withdrew his amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, renewed
the motion pro forma.
Mr. DUER inquired what the amendment was,
remarking that nothing of it had been heard in his 1
part of the Hall. ;
Mr. MATTESON raised the question of order,
whether motions to amend could be made whilst
a count was gomj* on.
The CHAIRMAN said, the committee was not
dividing at the time the amendment was offered.
The tellers were only preparing to take the count.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, explained,
in reference to the clause proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to be stricken out, that,
under it, a marshal in Rhode island would be
entitled to a clerk, whilst a marshal in New
Yoik would not. A marshal in Delaware would
be entitled to a clerk, whilst a marshal in Ohio or
Pennsylvania would not. Was not this an ab-
surdity } The committee proposed to strike that !
absurdity from the bill. He thought that every j
gentleman who desired to put the bill upon any- |
thing like a respectable footing, would agree wifh [
the committee. Why should a clerk be given to j
the States of Delaware, Rhode Island, andAikan- ■
sas, and not to the larger States ? A man who
could perform the duties of marshal in Rhode Isl-
and in one week, would be entitled to a clerk,
while in the larger States none would be allowed.
Mr. T. withdiew the amendment.
Mr. HALL moved to amend the section by
inserting in the sixteenth line, after the word
'I "equivalent," the words, " not exceeding one
j thousand dollars." %
\ In explanation, Mr. H. said that thecompensa-
j tion of the marshals in the States was all limited.
; But, according to the amendment of the com-
j; mittee, there was no limit to the compensation
j of marshals in the territories. He proposed to
!j limit it to one thousand dollars.
jj The question was taken, and the amendment
H was rejected.
jf Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, moved to amend the
!j section by adding after the word "equitable," in
11 the seventeenth line, the words, {i a sum not ex-
|! ceeding six hundred dollars."
i j The question was taken, and the amendment
!i was iejected.
ij Mr. MARSHALL moved to amend the section
1 ■ by inserting after the word " equitable," the words,
"provided that a reasonable allowance for clerks
may m all cases be allowed, where, in the opinion
of the Secretary of the Interior, such employment
is necessary and proper."
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, rose to move
an amendment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said, no amendment was
now m order.
The question was then taken on the amendment
; of Mr. Marshall, and it was rejected,
j Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
, the amendment of the Committee on the Judiciary,
by striking out, in the seventeenth line, after the
i word "as," the word "he," and inserting the
; words, " the judge in the district court of the said
i territory" (shall deem just, &c.)
i In explanation, Mr. S. said, that the district
| judge would be present in the territory, and would
; have a better opportunity of knowing the extent
' of the duty to be performed, and what the proper
compensation was.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary.
The tellers (heretofore appointed) proceeded to
take the count.
Mr. HOLLIDAY said the question was not un-
derstood.
The CHAIRMAN said, no remarks were in
order.
The count proceeded, and the result was de-
clared to be—ayes 44, noes 53.
No quorum voting.
Cries—" Call the roll "
The CHAIRMAN ordered the roll to be called.
Mr. MgDONALD moved that the committee
rise
The motion was not in order.
The roil was then called, after which
The Speaker resumed the chair.
And the CHAIRMAN reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the census bill, but
having found itself without a quorum, the roll -
had been called, when it appeared that 159 mem-
bers were presert, and 76 absent.
The names of the absentees were ordered to be
entered on the Journal.
A quorum being again present,
The CHAIRMAN resumed his seat in com-
mittee.
The question recurring on the amendment of
the Committee on the Judici&iy—
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend it by striking out (in the words proposed
to be stricken out) the word " not," so as to read
" and when the compensation does in the whole
exoeeed the sum of ^500," &c.
He said it seemed to him if the marshals were
to be allowed a compensation for clerks, u ought
to be in those cases where there was need for
