898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
c^erk-service. The section, as it mood, provided
i hat where there was no clerk-serviec to be done,
there clerk-hire should be allowed, i. e., where
all the work to be done did not entitle the marshal
to a compensation of $500, the Secretary of the
Interior might make an allowance for clerk-hire.
How jf clerks were to be allowed, he thought it
should be where clerk-service was to be done. He
referred, by way of illustration, to the State of
Delaware, in which he said the services required
of the marshals were so light, that their compen-
sation under the law would not amount to,$500;
but they were to be allowed compensation for clerk-
hire, while the marshals in other States, where the
duties were vastly greater, had no such allowauce.
Mr. HOUSTON explained in reference to the
marshal in Delaware.
Mr. STEVENS disclaimed any reflection upon
that State, and said he had alluded to it merely as
an example in point.
Mr. McDONALD raised the point of order, that
the amendment of Mr. Stevens was not in order
at this time, upon grounds which he stated.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. STEVENS (continuing) repeated that
where, as in Rhode island or in Delaware, the
marshals had to appoint only some three assist-
ants, there wa3 no need for clerk-hire; while in
larger States, e. g , New York, where there were
some two hundred assistant marshals, the mar-
shals should, if at all, have an allowance for clerk-
service. It would be noticed that in the Small
States, where the population was less than a
million, the marshals were allowed a quarter of a
dollar additional for every thousand persons re-
turned. This increase of pay on account of the
smallness of the number was a full allowance.
He could not, he confessed, see any necessity
for clerks at all unless it were to give additional
patronage. If, then,the committee would strike out
the word " not," as he proposed so as to £ive this
patronage to the marshals in the larger States, he
did not know but he would go for it; he should
otherwise oppose it. Even Falstaff said, " he
would not peril his soul gratis."
The hammer fell.
Mr. S. withdrew his amendment.
The question recurring on agreeing to the
amendment of the Committee on the Judiciary,
(rtbove given,) was taken, and decided in the af-
iirmative—ayes 76, noes 46.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending further action, on motion, the commit-
tee rose, and
The House adjourned.
Also, the petition of Chester Goodall and 70 others, on the
same subject.
By Mr. STANTON, ot Kentucky: The memorial of
William Hutcherson, of Harrison county, Kentucky, asking
pay for services as spy in the war of 1812.
By Mr. RICHARDSON: The petition of Thomas Pope
and 25 others, electors ot the city ot Qtimcy, in the State of
Illinois, praying Congress that provision be made by law
that whenever apepson shall be arrested as a fugitive slave,
he shall not? be delivered to the claimant, except on the
finding of a jury that he is a slave.
Also, the petition of the same persons, praying the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia, or the removal
of the seat of Government.
Also, the ppt tion of the same, praying that no more slave
States be admitted into the Union. *
Also, the petition of the same, asking that slavery he ex-
pressly prohibited in the territories.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of inhabitants of EUon
county, Michigan, for a law granting to persons claimed as
fugmve &lave- the right of trial by jury.
Also, the petition of the same, foi freedom in the territo-
ries.
Also, the petition of the same, against the admission of
! slave States into the Union.
I ANo, the petition of the same, for abolishing slavery in
the District of Columbia, or the removal nf the capital.
Also, the petition of many inhabitants oi'Lenaw county,
for ail the above purposes.
By Mr. CLEVELAND: The petition of citizens of Ver-
non, Connecticut, for the repeal of all laws sanctioning
! slavery in the District of Columbia.
I Also, the petition of citizens of Lisbon, Connecticut, for
I the same.
Also, the petition of the same, for the protection of free-
dom in the territories ofthe United States.
Al-^o, the petition of the same, against the admission of
more slave States into the Union.
A1 o, the petition of the same, for trial by jury of alleged
fugitive slaves.
Atso, the petition of the same, for reduction of postage.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions', memorials, &c., were
presented, under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
By Mr. DURKFE: The peution of Norton, Durand &
Co., of the city fit Racine, in the State of Wiscnn-in, piajmg
Congress to pa<s a la*v allowing Amencan-huilt vessel!
that, by any mean*-, may ha\e become the property of for-
eigner^, or obtained a foreign registry, to roistered m
hi-? couutry a> American upon their again becom- •
Jng the property of American citizen-*.
Also, the petition < t me Fie*-. Congregational Church of
the city of Milwaukee, in the State ot Wocon^in, prawng J
that Mr. Mason s bf/j for the reeanture of fugitive siavi  [
may not become a law, for the lollovur-g reasons: That its !
provisions aie utteiiy 11,compatible with tho dir-tates of hu-
manity; thai they regard themselves bound by the word of
God not to « deliver unto his ma ter tue serv,;nt which has
escaped from him that tin v cannot rraaid the aspirations
ot the slave hn liberty as unholy; and that th^y utterly do- ■
cli'ie any participation in what they arte compelled to call as
inhuman am! unchristian, me work ot reducing a man who !
i* merely giving indulgence to that de^re of freedom which
God has planted in hi-, bosom, to thecondition ofa chattel i
loi bidden by law to depart from the will of his master, even !
though it weir to meet the dictates of Ins own conscience i
and of his Cod 1
By Mr. ROBBING: A joint resolution, parsed by the Le- j
gisl.iture of Pennsylvania, Hi&rriicting their Senators m .
-Jongiuns and requesting rheir Kt-.pre.-t ntntiv« 0 to u-e then
official influence in pr .< un a the passage or an act creatine i
a national board of Agueultore. !
Also, a joint resolution requiring the Senators and Rep- 1
resuntatives in Congre«-a from Pernis\lv.inia to procure the
pas-age ot a law to place all the officers, soldier?, seamen, ■
and marines, who served in the war of 1SJ2, on the same !
tooting with the Canadian volunteers, as provided m the
act of Congress oa-sed Mimh 1SJ6. :
By Mr. MEADE • The memorial of sundry Citizens of the
town ot Petenamig, a-King tha a survey he m tde with a
v,ev<> to rem-.ve obstruction* in the, Apnomatox aud James '
rivers, below the port of P. tersbuig.
r, ROCKWELL : The petition of Andrew Fendry
and 146 other citizens of B.nkshire county, Ma-saehusetts ■
marilS'™ n,lni<'-,"as'!d-duty ilnd sPeclfio dutles on foreign
maibie imported into tins country. .
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May, 2 1850.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the me-
morial of Captain F, Britton, of the United States
Army, asking compensation for extra services ren-
dered in the Commissary and Quartermaster's de-
partments; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of citizens of
the Cherokee nation of Indians now residing" in
the State of Texas, asking that they may not be
excluded from the benefits of the treaty with the
Cherokee nation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FELCH presented the petition of Victor
Morass, asking the confirmation of his title to a
tract of land m the Detroit land district, in Michi-
gan; which was referred to the Committee on the
i Public Lands.
'I LAJND TITX-ES iy CALIFORNIA.
J Mr. FELCH moved that the teport of the Sec-
retnry of the Interior, communicating the report of
: VVilliam Carey Jones on the subject of land titles
! in California, be referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and be printed, and that copies in
addition be furnished for the use of the Senate;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. TURNEYmoved that the reportofThomas
Butler King, special agent to California, be also '
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
; that additional copies be printed; which was
! referred to the Committee on Printing.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
: sions, to which was referred the petition of Amelia :
| Sophia Catharine Wetmore, asking a pension, re-
! ported a bill for the relief of Mrs. Amelia Sophia :
; Catharine Wetmore, widow of the late Captain
j Leonidas Wetmore, of the United States Army;
I which was read and passed to a second reading.
! Mr. PiUSK, from ihe Committee on the Post i
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
petition of Wade Allen, of the firm of Allen &, i
Kitchen, asking further allowances under their !
contract for carrying the mail, renorted a bill fur '
the relief of Wade Allen; which' was read and
passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill for the relief of Brown & Tar-
box, reported back the same without amendment.
The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whole; and noamendment having been offered,
it was repotted back to the Senate,°orderdd to a
third read ing, and was read athird time and passed.
Air. FELCH, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, to which was referred the memorial of the
executive committee of the University of Wiscon-
sin, and the commissioners of school and univer- I
sity lands in Wisconsin, for a donation of the salt ii
spring lands, submitted a report, which was or-
dered to be printed, accompanied by a bill to ex-
tend the time for selecting lands granted to the
State of Wisconsin for saline purposes, which was
read and passed to a second reading.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the resolution of the Legislature of Michi-
gan in-relation to lands selected by that State for
saline purposes, reported a bill to extend the time
for selecting lands granted to the State of Michi-
gan for saline purposes; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
CIRCUIT COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill to provide
for holding the courts of the United States, m case
of sickness or otherdisability of thejudges of the
district courts, reported back the same without
amendment.
This, said the honorable Senator, is a bill of
great practical importance, i beg, in a few words,
to explain its character. By the existing laws, if
a district judge is sick, or unable from any cause to
discharge his duties, there is no provision by which
any other judge can be authorized to act in his
place. The consequence is, that if he is sick, or
his labors are more than he can perform, he must
break down. This bill provides that, by granting
a proper certificate, he may empower another cir-
cuit judge to act for htm; or in case there be no
circuit judge, or m case of his absence or inability
to serve, the President of the United States may
detail some one to discharge the duty within the
district. To illustrate the effect of the present law:
In New York the business has increased so much,
f as almost to break down the distinguished judge
I of that circuit (Judge Betts)—and we all know that
i he is distinguished for his ability and industry.
! He tries his best, and taxes his powers to hold all
! the courts he can, but his health is giving way; yet
he hears five hundred causes in a year, and writes
j out, it is said, one hundred elaborate judgments.
; Now, it happens that sometimes he is sick, <<nd
■ then these causes accumulate and the cost is in-
; creased, so that the parties suffer by it. I ask that
I the bill may be read, a-id that it may be now con-
; sidered,and I am sure it will pass without opposi-
! tion.
j By unanimous consent, the bill was read a sec-
• ond time and considered as in Committee of the
! Whole.
f Mr. BUTLER. That bill has been very care-
( fully drawn up, and it is believed by the commit-
tee there is nothing objectionable in it; but, at
the instance of the author of the bill, [Mr. Brad-
bury,] i move to strike out the words ,4 President
of the United States," and insert the words " Chief
Justice."
The amendment was sgreed to.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and the amendment was concurred in It was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
read a third time and passed.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. DAWSON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolvd, That thu Sferetarv of the Interior be directed jo
inform ihe Semite what progress has been made m un nittij
and markup the boundary between the United Si-tu-s and
New .YKxieo, pur>uant to the provi>ion> ot ihe treat) of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo : what amount ot money ha-- bne « expend* d
and debt* incurred therein, whelher the woik is now in
prosre«s, and, it not, what cause ba> delayed or Mi?p< nded
it. and what is the sum estimated as necessar> for its com-
pietnm.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Reso'veS, That tbp Hecretny of War he and he !* lienby
required to lay before the Senate a deuu.'ed mcuuiit ol t;i «
expenditures made in the erection of Uu: hjfhr-hou-e- at li-«
Brandjwine ShoaN, m Delaware B.iv ; <«t ( ary-bnt ef hi
Florida; at Wan^liane, in Lake >iu Inuan and at £,tud
Key, iri Florida.
Mr. TURNEY submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to :
Rcsohed, That the Committee on Mihtaiv Affair* be jn-
.-trucn-d to inquire into the e\pedienc\ ot -<> ajnrnding the
act ot Auirn-i 7. P. entitled '• An act for the r- h« t e< r
t'lin Te:uies-"e volunteers,'' a*to embrace the. hum- of the
stafl officer*- •>! the hr-t and second ie un"nt< o' -^nid volun-
teer*.; and that the acconipari)in  paper* be interred to tnc
->aid committee
I)ir,L introduced.
Mr. DOUGLAS, m pursuance! of notice, asked
and obtained h ave to introduce a lull to establish
an armory and foundry at Fort Massac, on the
