1992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. n,
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the Senate was then rejected.
The following amendments of the Senate, under
the recommendation of the Committee of Ways
and Means, were concurred in:
" Seo.—. And he it fuvflter enacted., That the Secretary
of the Ttv asury be authorized and directed to adjust and
settle the claim submitted by the legal representatives of
Lieutenant Robert L. Browning, late of tbe United States
navy, deceased, for a share of the proceeds of the sale of
the schooner Oregon and cargo, seized and confiscated in
tbe month of April, 1848, under the President's regulations
of the 1st of March, 1847, at the port of Tampico, during
the war with Mexico, and to pay the amount of said claim
out or any moneys in the Treasury arising from military
contributions collected in Mexico in pur ua"ce of the rfgu-
lations of th<5 President before referred to: Provided, That
before any money is paid in this case, any claim submitted
by the owners of Un* vessel before-meniioned for remission
of the penalty and payment of tbe proceeds under th« con-
fiscation, shall first be duly examined and decided bv the
Secretary of the Treasury, under the directions of the Presi-
dent of the United St.it^s.
" Sec   And he it further enacted, TbatitshaJI be lawful
for the Secretary of the Treasury to cause the revenue,
steamer Dallas, now lying in the portof New Vork, together
with the machinery placed therein, under and by virtue of
a contract by and between R. J. Walker, late Secretary of
the Treasury, and Ethan Campbell, dated August 25, 1848,
to be appraised by one. or more ijood and sufficient ap-
praisers, and to soli (if the said Secretary shall think the
puhhc interests will be thereby promoted) the said steamer
and machtnery to said Campbell at said appraised value,
and to annul, by and ^ith bid assent, said contract: Pro-
vided, That the said Secretary shall, onselhne said steamer
and machinery to said Campbell, take from him a release
or discharge of the United Slates from all claims and de-
mands under and by virtue of said contract."
Amendment No. 89 of the Senate. Add to the
bill the following:
" Sec —. JJnd he it further enacted, That, upon full proof
being exhibited to the Secretary of the Trea?ury of any act-
ual loss which the present contractor for the printim? of
Congress may have suffered in consequence of the execu-
tion of so much* of the same as has already been performed,
the said Secretary shall be and he is hereby authorized to
reimburse bun for such actual loss, and to allow him, more-
over, in the shape of profit, ten per cent, on the amount of
work already performed.
" Sec. —. And he it further cnacted, That so much of the
piinting of thi3 sen-ion as remains unexecuted shall be ad-,
justed and settled upon the basis laid down in the foregoing
section.
"Sec.—. And be it further enacte>\ That the gaid con-
tractor be and he i^ hereby teheved from his contract; and
that new proposals be received for the printing of the next
session, in conformity with the provisions of the resolutions
approved 23d July, 1816, entitled ' A resolution regulating
the printing of Congress, and establishing the compensation
for the same.'"
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved to amend
the first section of the amendment, by adding at
the end of the section the following:
"And that the loss sustained by Wendall & Van Bent-
huysen, printers to the last Congress-, be reimbursed to
them, and that they be allowed, moreover, in the shape of
profit, ten per cent, on the amount of work performed by
ihem during that Congress."
Mr. HIBBARD made the point of order, that
the amendment was not in order.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, appealed fiom the
decision of the Chair.
The question being put, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ?''
tellers were demanded, and they were ordered.
Messrs. Otis and Albertson- were appointed
to act as tellers; and the votes having been counted,
were—ayes 51, noes 69.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
The amendment being thus ruled to be in or-
der—
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose and addressed
the Speaker. He said, that though it had been
customary enough to solicit Government forrelief,
yet this, perhaps, was one of the first cases in
which a private cl^im for asserted losses had been
inserted in a great appropriation bill at so late a
period in the session that scarce any opportunity
was left for its consideration or discussion.
The objections to the passage of the amendment
inserted uy the Senate, were many and obvious.
What proof, for example, had been adduced that
there were any losses to the contractors for print-
ing? But admit that loss had been sustained; and
what legal, moral, or equitable obligation rests
upon this Government to make it good ? Have
these contractors superior equity to that of the in-
numerable contractors for the mail, the navy, and
the army service, whose, claims for relief ftom
their bonds would be "hooted out of Congress if
presented here? Did the contractors for printing
not enter into their contracts with full knowledge?
Was not Mr. Tr;enhoIm, who took one of these
contracts, a printer of most superior practical at-
tainment, who was aware th§jt Messrs. Wendall &
Van Benthuysen, for whose relief his (Mr. E.'s)
amendment was offered, had lost money by their
contract? And yet did not Mr. Trenholm, so
knowing, underbid the prices of Wendall? Nay,
sir, is there not proof taken by the select com-
mittee on printing that the declaration was made
simultaneously with the bids, "that the contract
system should be broken down, and Congress made
sick of it?"
And can a person who has taken a contract at
low prices, for an object such as this, come for-
ward and askyemuneration ? Assuredly not; for
he who asks equity must do equity. What was
the history of this matter? On the 3d of August,
1846, the joint resolution was approved requiring
that the public printing should be let to the lowest
bidder. Wendall & Van Benthuysen were the
first contractors under this resolution, and they
executed the printing for the Thirtieth Congress;
they had sustained a loss; no good friends had
ever been found to thrust an amendment into the
appropriation bills for their benefit, giving them
their losses and ten per cent, profit.
The printing for the Thirty-first Congress had
been let to the present contractors, who, it was
said, had taken it with a design; and now was the
time for Congress to make its stand, and vindicate
its character from reproach, and the contract sys-
tem from violation. If we yielded now, we should
be compelled, in order to be consistent, to yield
forever hereafter. What was grantet^to these con-
tractors must be granted to all future contractors;
and we shall at once establish the principle that
every contractor with the Government who makes a
profit shall be at liberty to retain it, but if he sus-
tains a loss Government shall reimburse him.
Who shall have the contracts under such a sys-
tem? Shall 1, if I volunteer to supply the provis-
ion contracts of the whole navy for a hundred
dollars? And why not? That would perhaps be
the lowest bid, and I could make it designedly low,
with a view to remuneration upon the great prin-
ciple now attempted to be established, that no indi-
vidual must lose by his governmental engagements.
How loose would be such a system, how de-
fective, how open to fraud, how liable to abuse!
What proof of losses can be made where the loser
brings forward all the testimony, and Government
is necessarily, from its position, entirely in the
dark? It would be easy for a gainer to adduce
proofs of losses; opinions are easily obtained from
persons either interested or incompetent to fudge.
Again: how unjust to the honest bidder is this
principle, now attempted to be ingrafted upon our
system. The next highest bidder to the present con-
tractor offered his security—would have executed
his work, and the difference between his bid and
that of the present contractor was probably far
less than the amount now demanded of Govern-
ment for indemnity. Was it not, then, a gross in-
justice to this next bidder—to all fair bidders, to
suffer some lower bidder, by indirection, to pocket
| gains which otherwise would have accrued to him
i who made the fair offer? Nothing could be more
| evident. But if we now, and forever hereafter,
j refuse the demand pressed upon us by this Sena-
I torial amendment, we shall insure fair biddings at
; all our lettings; and the lowest will be he who
i offers a price at which he knows the work can be ex-
ecuted,and not one who takes it forasumatwhich
he knows it cannot be performed, in order to look
for indemnity to parties or majorities, or lobby
tactics.
But what does this Senate amendment further
provide in its last section ? That the printing shall
be relet to the lowest bidder. And who will ob-
tain the job? Undoubtedly the man who bids
looking for remuneration hereafter, hoping to fol-
low in the wake of so successful an example as
we are now endeavoring to set. Yes, sir; to give
this indemnity, and then to relet to the lowest
bidder, would be to invite fraud and to rule down
the offers of honest men. As to the amendment I
have just submitted, it must be plain to every
member that it was just as fair as the Senate
amendment; it was based upon the same principle,
and expressed in the same words. What was
given to the present contractors could not be re-
fused to Wendall & Van Benthuysen.
Mr. BAYLY said: Sir, I mean to expose the
spirit in which this matter is conducted in
limine. It is now for the first time that the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means is
permitted to report from his committee the amend-
ments which that committee propose to the section
under consideration.
In the whole history of legislation, that com-
mittee has always been permitted to offer their
amendments to bills which they haye specially in
charge, and to explain them before other gentle-
men have interposed. No attempt has been made
to interfere with this parliamentary privilege, until
we had arrived at the last clause of th is bill. Now,
for the first time, 1 am permitted to offer the amend-
ments of the committee, and to say a word, after
other gentlemen, who do not belong to that com-
mittee, have interposed amendments, and indulged
in a violent strain of vituperation. Prom this the
House and the country will understand the spirit
in which this warfare is commenced.
I speak under feeling, I admit. I am proud of it;
for I speak under very different feelings from tho&e
under which the gentleman from Maryland has
spoken. Mine are the kindlier feelings of the heart:
his I will not characterize. The gentleman does
not recollect the history of 
[There was so much confusion in the Hall that
the remainder of the sentence was lost.]
Gentlemen may keep themselves quiet. They
know me well enough to know that when I mean
to speak, 1 shall be heard.
The gentleman from Maryland speaks of 
[The confusion still prevailing, the gentleman
could not proceed.]
The CHAIRMAN, (rapping the desk.) Gen-
tlemen will preserve order.
Mr. BAYLY. I shall sitdown, if the time will
not be included in my five minutes, until order is
restored.
TheCHAIRMAN. if the Chair had themeans
to preserve « rder, he would do so. He can only
appeal to gentlemen to preserve order.
Mr. BAYLY. I give this notice, that the very
moment there is renewed disorder, 1 shall sit
down, and it will not come out of my time.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. BAYLY. I will proceed, sir, when order
is restored. When there is such disorder I shall
not proceed.
[Order was restored.]
The gentleman from Maryland is entirely mis-
taken when he.says that this is the first occasion
when Congress has been callcd upon to relieve our
printers. On the contrary, the history of the Gov-
ernment is full of prexedents to the contrary. And
the gentleman ought to know it. Rives is relieved
in this very bill. Gales & Seaton have more than
once been relieved from hard contracts. Sir, I
trust that there is no man in this House who,
when contractors with the Government find they
have made a ruinous bargain, and that they must
be losers greatly by it, will insist upon holding
them to the strict terms of the contract. No gen-
tleman will do it in private life. I will put this
case: Suppose one of you, I do not care who he
may be, if he be a gentleman, make a contract
with a mechanic for the building of a house for
$10,000, and at the completion of the work finds
that it has cost $12,000, and that the mechanic
would be ruined by the loss, I say there is not a
gentleman in America who would make the con-
, tractor suffer the loss.
!| Now, as to Mr. Ritchie, I do not choose to be
|] considered here aa his peculiar defender, although
ij i have a very high respect for him, a hereditary
|i respect. He was a friend of my father, aod
j! he is my friend, and I will defend him where
lj it is proper to do so, no matter how strong: the
!! current maybe against him. f say that in this
H matter he has entered into a contract by which he
J i must lose greatly, and no man of truth can say
jl otherwise, who understands anything about the
1; matter.
II The question is whether you will apply to him
j' a measure of justice that this Government has
•j never applied to anybody before, and no gentle-
'1 man would apply in private life. A man, sir, up-
i; wards of seventy years of age, unacquainted with
the practical business of printing—you may talk
about his having been a printer for fifty years, but
I know personally that he never knew anything
about the details of his office, he has been
merely the editor, and others haye managed the
details of his office—an old man, far advanced in
