1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1993
the decline of life, ignorant of the practical details
of a printing office, upon estimates made by others
has entered into a ruinous contract, and we are
called upon, like Shylocks, to enforce it, [Here
the hammer fell.]
Mr. 8. Would to God I had half an hour to
expose this enormity.
Mr. ROOT inquired of the Chair whether an
amendment was in order.
The CHAIR responded in the negative.
Mr. ROOT said, that although he believed that
the amendment of the Senate was a substantive
proposition, he would not take an appeal.
The question was then taken by tellers on the
amendment of Mr. Evans, and it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 83, noes 46.
Mr. ROOT proposed the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the amendment just
adopted:
"Provided. That nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to discontinue the contract system for doing
the public printing."
Mr. R. sajd, he believed that when the whole
truth in respect to this business was known," u
would be found that all the difficulty that the
present public printer had involved himself in, or
in which the men who lepresent the real contractor
had involved him and themselves, arose from an
attempt on their part to break down the contract
system—a system which had received the solemn
sanction of Congress. He believed that they took
the contract at too Iowa rate of remuneration,
with that express yiew and intention Nay, it
was with the express declaration that they intended
to break down the contract system. It was an at-
tempt to commit a fraud on the part of those men
who stood in the shoes of the contractor, and who
had been made the cat's paws in the whole busi-
ness, mere men of straw. I have (said Mr. R.)
no earthly doubt that this is the fact. Well, now,
the contractor comes here to complain of a hard
bargain. He says he did not make it; but he sent
men in here to make it for him, in the laudable at-
tempt to break up the contract system. I hope
that Congress will adhere to that sytem; and I
hope they wilt enforce compliance with the terms
of the contract.
There is no doubt but that there has been a great
combination of influences in this city to break
down the system, without giving it a fair trial.
There is no doubt either, that if Congress would
hold contractors to a strict fulfillment of their con-
tracts, the effect would be very beneficial; it would
effect a very great saving of public money. For
one, [ will never give to this contractor, or to those
who have been put forward to act for him—these
men of straw—any relief whatever. Nor will I
relieve the bail from their bonds, but will hold
them to a strict accountability.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. 1 am opposed to
the amendment. Iam in favor of abolishing the
contract system. 1 should consume my five
minutes to very little purpose if I discussed the
contract system. I do not believe that any honest,
candid gentleman in this House considers that
question to be in issue at all. We are called upon,
in voting upon this amendment of the Senate, to
perform a very delicate task. I believe we are
called upon to decide between our duty and our
personal antipathies, and personal and political
resentments. No candid gentleman can shut his
eyes to the fact, that it is a very delicate matter for
an honest, conscientious man to decide. Forone,
I hope that we shall reach a conclusion not dis-
creditable to the magnanimity and justice of the
House. So far as the amend ment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr Root] is concerned, I want to
know from him by what authority, by what right
he has designated Mr. Ritchie as the party who
took this contract—as the man who took it under
false pretences ? He comes into this House with-
out facts, and. 
Mr. ROOT. Does the gentleman want an an-
swer?
(Vlr. McLANE. I want to know the gentle-
man's authority for thus designating Mr. Ritchie?
Mr. ROOT. The gentleman from Maryland
must have misunderstood me, or 1 did not express
myself correctly, ididnot say that Mr. Ritchie
at the beginning took the contract, but that he took
it off the hands of the original contractors, and that
he did it with the view of breaking down the con-
tract system. That I pledge myself to prove.
Mr. McLANE. I did understand jthe gentle-
man to say that Mr. Ritchie was the contractor.
Mr. Ritchie was the surety on the contract bond,
and when the contractor failed he became the .as-
signee for his own protection; thus he became
legitimately, honorably, justly the party who came
to this House. I shall follow this case step by
step, as 1 am bound to meet it by my vote. He
(Mr. Ritchie) became the assignee of the contract-
ors for his own protection; therefore, he comes
honorably, justly, fairly, to this House.
Mr. MARSHALL was understood to inquire
what was the dote of the assignment?
Mr. McLANE. I do not know, nor is it mate-
rial. Mr. Ritchie was security: the contractor fail-
ing, Mr. Ritchie succeeded for his own protection.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland. When 1 spoke
some time ago of the public printer as a scoundrel,
why did Mr. Ritchie say I called him a scoundrel,
then.?
Mr. McLANE. If I understood my colleague,
he did designate Thomas Ritchie as the public
printer and the scoundrel.
Mr. EVANS. No, sir.
Mr. McLANE. Does my colleague deny that
he meant Mr. Ritchie?
Mr. EVANS. I not only did not say that,
but  •
Mr. McLANE. Do not take my ti me.
Mr. EVANS. Well, then, my colleague asks
me a question and will not permit me to answer it.
Mr. McLANE. The question is very plain. It
admits of a ready answer. I am disposed to give
this contractor his quantum meruit 
The CHAIRMAN'S hammer-fell.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to strike
out all of the tteird section of the amendment.
The CHAIR. No other amendment is now in
order.
Mr. BAYLY wanted to know whether the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were to be deprived
on this occasion of offering their amendments?
The CHAIR said he could not control the ac-
tion of the committee.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Root to the amendment, and it was agieed
to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to amend
the first section by striking therefrom the words
" and to allow him, moreover, in the shape of
profit, ten per cent, on the amount of work al-
ready performed."
Mr. B. said he was decidedly in favor of seeing
the contract executed according to its terms. Gen-
tlemen may say what they please (continued Mr.
B.) about meeting this thing in limine. 1, forone,
am leady to meet it. A law has been enacted by
Congress, requiring the public printing to be let
out to the lowest bidder. A contract has been en-
tered into, bonds have been executed; and I want
to see the contract fulfilled to the letter. The gen-
tleman from Virginia is mistaken, sir, when he
says that Blair & Rives, in days gone by, have
been relieved from the consequences of a hard con-
tract. Relief was granted to Thomas Allen, and
to Gales & Seaton; but there was not a Democrat
here who did not denounce it as improper when it
was done.
But, as I have said in relation to Thomas Allen
and to Gules & Seaton, that the allowance was
improper, so I say in reference to a Democratic
printer. I wish to deal with all men alike, and to
deal with all fairly. Mr. Ritchie has entered into
a contract for the performance of certain work. I
want to see that contract fulfilled. If you are go-
ing to relieve him from his contract, you must re-
lieve all other contractors. I want to know if you
are prepared to say that you will relieve everybody
who having contracted with the Government and
/ound themselves losers, come and claim to be re-
lieved from the consequences of their own want of
judgment? Sir, I ask you in the name of reason
where is this thing to stop? Are we to tell every
man who enters into contract with the Govern-
ment, that he shall not lose anything, but that he
shall be assured of making ten per cent, profit?
That I understand to be the naked proposition;
that is the proposition when stripped of all extra-
neous matter. We say to all contractors, you
shall lose nothing; we will make up all your losses,
and over and above that we will pay you tnn per
cent, profit on your work. If Mr. Ritchie is to
be relieved, I want to krow if every other con-
tractor with the Government is not equally enti-
tled to be relieved. But to carry out such a prin-
ciple as that you must make those contractors who
derive a profit from their contracts divide those
profits with the Government, if we enter unon
such a system, we do it with our eyes open; we
execute a sort of bond to all the world, " and the
rest of mankind," that, if the contractors find
it a losing business, they shall be remunerated.
When this thing was done in the case of Thomas
Allen, I denounced it. When it was done in the
case of Gales & Seaton, I denounced it; and if it
should be done in the case of Mr. Ritchie, 1 shall
denounce it again. I entertain no unkind feelings
towards Mr. Ritchie. I wish to see him prosper,
but I am not here to relieve a contractor who en-
ters into a contract with a design to break down
the contract system, by violating his contract. He
knew perfectly well that he could not fulfill it; he
knew that he must be a loser.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said he
had risen for the purpose of saying a word or two
in regard to the public printing. There was one
thing, he said, very evident, and that was, that how-
ever the contract for the public printing had been
executed, or whatever faults had occurred in ma-
king it, it had become a source of continual annoy-
ance and difficulty.
He would remind gentlemen on both sides of
the House, that at the end ofxhe session of, he
believed, 1844, or perhaps 1842, Messrs. Gales &
Seaton were supposed to be losers by printing for
Congress, and Congress relieved them from the
terms of their obligation, granting them about
$40,000. Upon what principle was it done? It
was done upon the principle of doing justice to the
employees of the Government. And at a subse-
quent session of Congress, Blair & Rives were
relieved in the same way. Gales & Seaton were
first relieved and subsequently others upon the
same principle. Why? Because this Government
asks no man who performs a service for the Gov-
ernment to be a loser.
The contractor for the public printing is, of all
contractors in the world, the most in the dark as
to the quantity of work he has to perform. At
the commencement of this session, the printer was
waiting for forty-nine days with all his material
and his men unemployed-
Mr. ORR. The gentleman must be mistaken.
It was not forty-nine days before the President's
message was ready for the printer.
Mr. THOMPSON. But the gentleman knows
as well as I do that nothing could be done in all
that time. Now all I desire to say is this, let us
do as we wish to be done by; that is all I ask.
Sir, it does not belong to a christian age to do oth-
erwise. No man can doubt that Mr. Ritchie stands
between the upper and the nether millstone.
Mr. T. inquired whether it would be in order
now to offer a substitute.
The CHAIR responded in the negative.
The que-stion being on the amendment of Mr.
Brown to the first section—
Mr. ROOT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Goodenow,
and Harris of Alabama, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 81.
The noes were not counted; the vote being given
up by the negatives.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved to amend theamend-
ment of the Senate, by striking out " 10" and in-
serting " 9," so that it would read, " 9 per cent."
The CHAIRMAN stated that the amendment
was out of order.
Mr. iVicCLERNAND, I move to amend the
amendment by inserting a provision to this effect,
that the public printer be allowed 12 per cent, profit
upon the work done or which may be done under
this contract. *
Mr. HOUSTON made the point that the amend-
ment of Mr. McClernand was not m order, as it
proposed to amend words that had been stricken
out.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment to the
amendment out of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senate, then, by adding the fol-
lowing words:
" And to allow him 32 per cent: on the amount of woik
already performed by him "
Mr. ORR submitted that the amendment was
out of order.
