1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 27,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment in order.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is utterly impossible for us
in this part of the House to understand anything
that is done.
Cries from the other side: " Order! order
Mr. TAYLOR. Order over there! j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair again appeals
to the sense of the committee to preserve order.
The question was on the adoption of the
amendment to the amendment.
Mi. McCLERNAND. Among other objec-
tions to the clause under consideration, that the ten
percent, it offers to the public printer is a large
profit on that amount of work—■—
Mr. HOUSTON interposed with the point of or-
der, that the amendment was not in order, and
proceeded to state his reasons.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided the amendment in order, and the commit-
tee has acquiesced in that decision. The point of
order, therefore, comes too late.
Mr. McCLERNAND said the committtee had
just voted an amendment to indemnify Wendall &
'Van Benthuy-sen by adding ten per cent to the
cost of the public printing formerly done by them,
and yet they refuse to do'the same for the benefit
of Mr. Ritchie, whose contract for the public
printing is much more oppressive than that of his
predecessors. It had been urged that Mr. R. had
violated his contract. How so ? It was repre-
sented that he had executed more printing with
greater promptitude than had ever been executed
under any previous contract, and he had heard no
one gainsay this. It was Congress, not Mr. R.,
who had violated the contract. The printing in
relation to the census had been withheld from him
under a resolution of Congress to that effect,
which would have amounted probably to several
ffundred thousand dollars. This printing was
one of the inducements to the making of the ex-
isting contract; and would have afforded a profit
which would have indemnified the contractors.
The withholding of it was a violation of the con-
tract entitling the contractors to indemnity. This
view was confirmed by what had transpired, pro-
bably, in 1841-'2. Biair & Rives then being pub-
lic printers, Mr. Webster, as Secretary of State,
had taken the census printing from them and given
it to Mr. Allen. The result was, thata controversy
arose which was terminated by paying both
Messrs. Blair & Rives, and Mr. Allen. [The
hammer fell.]
Mr. ORR. I am opposed to the amendment of
th,e gentleman from Illinois, and 1 suppose it will
hardly be adopted. 1 propose to submit a few
observations, and present some of the facts to the
House, which the investigating committee on the
subject of the public printing have elicited. I
have before me a table exhibiting the cost of the
congressional printing for several years past,
which shows the rapid increase of expenditure
in that department:
From 1st December, 1829, to 1st Dec. 1830 &49.5S2 14
1830,
1831,
183-2,
1833,
1834,
1835,
1835,
1837,
1833,
1839,
1810,
1841,
1842,
1843,
1844,
1845,
1831  36,338 19
1833  81,499 99
1833   57,721 59
183 4 126,350 60
183 5 163,243 95
183 8 103.377 84
1837   92,804 12
1838. r.... 168,519 19
183 9 146,703 48
1840   78,694 31
1841  101,<te9 31
184 2 131,197 98
184 3 135,567 86
184 4 140,188 46
184 5 174.445 27
1810 *200,258 14
To remedy this growing abuse, Congress re-
sorted to the contract' system, pursuant to a joint
resolution, passed August, 1846. The contract
was let to Wendall & Van Benthuysen for the
30ih Congress; and to. Trenholm, Belt, and Tow-
ers for the 31st Congress. The contract of Tren-
holm and Belt was assigned to Thomas Ritchie,
it is said for his protection, he having given bond
as surety of these contractors .for the faithful exe-
cution of the woi k.
Upon this point, I wish to correct a mistake
into which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
McLane] has fallen. He appealed to the sym-
pathy of the House.to relieve Ritchie of the losses
he had sustained as surety for the execution of the
printing of Congress. But the fact appears that
  Ritchie & Heiss, printers.
the contract was originally taken for the benefit of
Ritchie; and if gentlemen will refer to the me-
morial which Ritchie had printed, and laid upon
the tables of members of Congress, in March 23,
1849, only about twenty days after the contract
was let, they will see that Ritchie states that he is
principally interested in the contract. The gen-
tleman is entirely mistaken, therefore, in suppo-
sing that Ritchie is entitled to present himself here
claiming relief, on the ground that he is the surety,
and entitled to relief from the failure ol the princi-
pal. He acknowledged himself as the principal
long before the execution of the work was com-
menced, or could be commenced. The gentle-
man's appeal, therefore, for sympathy over the
hard fate of a surety, is dissipated by this state-
ment of facts. Well; they have proceeded to exe-
cute the contract, and now come to Congress and
ask to be released from it; nay more, sir, tir^y ask
to have a large net profit guarantied to them as a
gratuity.
The gentleman from Illinois tells us that Con-
gress has broken the contract 011 their side, by
taking the printing of the census returns^ from
Mr. Ritchie, and for that reason that he is en-
titled to relief. That is a mistake. _ I assert that
the printing of the census returns is no part of the
printing of the two Houses of Congress, and has
not heretofore been considered a part of it. In
1839, when the Democrats were in power, the
Secretary of State being Democratic, and it was
expected that in the next Congress the Whigs
would be in the majority, and elect their printer,
they succeeded in putting a claus^into the appro-
priation bill or census, providing that the Secretary
of State should give the printing#of the census to
the printers to Congress, whoever they might be,
and in that way, the census printing at that time
came to be executed by the public printer.
The printer to Congress did the work—not ex-
vfficio, but in conformity with the directions of the
law before referred to, made expressly for that oc-
casion alone.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. McClerkand was rejected.
Mr. ORR moved the following amendment:
S rike out from the 1st section the words « the present
eontraeier," and insert " William M. Belt and John H.
Tienholn).'1
Strike out all after " performed" in the same section, and
insert," ttmt WilliamM. Belt and John H. Trenholm be, anil
they are hereby, released from the further performance of
their several contracts; and the Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House are authorized and required to
advertise and receive proposals for, and let the said con-
tracts so released, in pursuance of a resolution approved 3d
August, 1843,eniitled "A joint resolution directing the man-
ner of procuring the printing for the two Houses or Con-
gress. "
Mr. ORR said he purposed, if his amendment
should be voted in, when the final vote came to
vote against the amendment as amended. He
offered it for the purpose of making some further
So much, then, for the census printing. He
would say further, that he had examined the
proposals for the contract, and he was unable to
fix that description of work in either of the classes
of printing assigned to Trenholm or Belt. The
census printing comes under what is termed rule
and figure work—rule and figure bievier. There
is, in my judgment, no clause in either of the
classes of that specics of work for which Mr.
Ritchie contracted, that will render such an enor-
j! mous profit as it is contended he would have made
I if that printing had been given him by the Secre-
'j tary of the.Interior. Weil, if I am correct m this
! opinion, it is untrue, then, that Mr. Ritchie has
been damaged by the action of Congress author-
izing the Secretary of the interior to have the
printing executed. So far from that, Congress
has done him an especial kindness in ordering
work, upon which he would have lost money, to
be executed elsewhere. But there are other rea-
sons why these contractors should not be relieved.
There can be no question that at the time these bids
were made these contractors were fully aware—
that they had a thorough conviction on their minds
that the contracts could not be performed without
loss. The committee had evidence of the declara-
tions of Messrs. Trenholm & Ritchie, made only
a day or two after the contracts were declared. In
conversation with a gentleman, Mr. R. stated to
him—and there is no reason to question the truth
of the statement—that they had taken the con-
tracts " too low," but that they would go on ami
execute them, and rely upon Congress to relieve
them. Mr. Trenholm was asked why he had
taken the contract at so low a rate; and his reply
was, that they expected a Democratic majority in
the present Congress, and they relied upon Con-
gress to relieve them from the contract, abolish
the system, and "that Mr. Ritchie would then be
elected public printer at former rates.
Now, with all these facts staring us in the face,
with what grace can they come to this House and
ask to be relieved ? But .their demands do not -
stop here; they ask us to relieve them from the
bargain we have made with them, to pay them
whatever loss may have been incurred, and thai
they may be paid beyond all this, ten per cent,
profit on all the work executed \ They have not
been unfortunate. They were judges of that sort
of work. They knew all the mysteries of the art
of printing. They cannot pretend to have been
deceived. They knew the former contractors had
lost money, and that their bids (Belt&Trenholm's)
were lower than their predecessors Do you pro-
pose to lay down the principle, that public con-
tractors in the employ of the Government, who
from want of judgment, folly, selfishness, or other
cayse, may have involved themselves in difficul-
ties and are threatened with loss by carrying out
faithfully the stipulations of their contracts, are to
be relieved by Congress? If so, you will soon
destroy all fidelity in your contractors and bank-
rupt your Treasury. Besides, in this case it is a
mistake to suppose that Mr. Ritchie's losses are
as heavy as reported. For the printing of 10,000
copies of the opinions of the Judges of the Supreme
Court in a certain case, making a volume of only
one hundred and eighty-one pages, they have re-
ceived $12,500, under a most extraordinary, and,
as I believe, illegal construction of the contract;
when the work did not cost them over $1,200, or
$1,500 at the furthest; and the proper construction
of the contract would not have given them more
than $1,000. In addition to that, they realize
some five or six thousand dollars clear profit for
binding congressional documents. At the opening
of the present session a resolution passed, ordering
all heavy documents to be bound. The Joint Com-
mittee on Printing gave the contract for binding to
Trenholm, Mr. Ritchie'sforeman, and doubtless
for Mr. Ritchie's benefit, allowing him twelve and
a half cents per volume for the binding. This
contract has been relet by him at a profit of ten
per cent., which is $1,250 for every 100,000 docu-
ments. The number ordered will probably reach
500,000; this gives a net profit to Mr. Ritchie, or
more technically speaking, to Mr. Trenholm, of
$6,000, when little or no trouble or responsibility
is incurred.
Mr. BAYLY. My friend who sits beside me
advises me to restrain myself; I shall do so as much
as I can. I must be permitted, however, to con-
gratulate the committee upon the hearty sympathy
which the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root]
exhibit on this occasion in their attacks upon th
public printer. Now, sir, 1 do not rise to arraign
either of those gentlemen upon that point, but 1 uo
rise to vindicate the truth about this matter, lhe
gentleman from South Carolina says that an at-
tempt had been made to to keep the report oft.
We were willing that the report of the investi-
gating committee should come before this House,
and be ordered to be printed; but at this late period
of the session, when the appropriation bills are
still undisposed of, we were not willing to give
up three hours to its reading. And this was
a great concession, considering the character of
the proceedings of that committee. 1 happen to
know something about the character of that inves-
tigating committee, and 1 undertake to say this of
uT I am not much of a lawyer, but I am familiar
1 with the proceedings of courts of justice; and X
! undertake to say, that it has in all of its proceedings
! no example in the proceedings of any tribunal ex-
i eept those of the Star Chamber.
1 They have refused what every lawyer k °ws
was the right of the party—they have refused the
privilege of cross examining the witnesses. Xes,
sir in a matter of private right, in a matter
of'contract where large pecuniary interests were
involved and private character was concerned,
they have undertaken to examine testimony at-
fecting it, and have refused the privilege of cross-
examination.
Gentlemen may try to laugh down this matter,
