1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 2*7,
If paid for at the prices authorized by the reso-
lution of 1819, the cost of Part II would be: For
composition, $967 75; paper, press-work, &c.,
$119,725 51—making a total of $120,693 26.
The country will perceive from these calcula-
tions the great inducements which exist to make
the metropolitan printers oppose the 44 contract sys-
tem, " and why it is that we have constant refer-
ences to the law of 1619, as the proper standard
by which to regulate prices.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, desired to
propound a question to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. M ARSH ALL. No, I cannot be interrupted
now. My time is precious—precious to the peo-
ple whose Treasury I seek to guard. Who are the
contractors? Mr. Belt, Mr. Trenholm, and Mr.
Towers. Of these, Mr. Towers is a printer who
is performing his contract satisfactorily to himself
and to Congress, and who is content. He makes
no complaint. He was a bidder—a bona fide bidder,
for more than was assigned to him; and he would,
no doubt, have performed all he undertook. Belt
is a journeyman'printer in the 44 Union" office, and
Mr. Trenholm is the foreman in the 44 Union"
office—both young men, in the office of Mr.
Ritchie—both poor, possibly meritorious. Why
were these young men put forward to take these
contracts instead of Mr. Ritchie? [Her® the ham-
mer fell.)
The amendment of Mr. Meade was rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL offered to amend by changing
the word "contractor" into 44contiactors," and
proceeded—
Why were these young men induced to enter
into these contracts ? Mr. Belt has been for a
long: time past working as a journeyman in the
44 Union" office at $11 a week. He had no means.
Mr. Trenholm, according to the proof, is an expert
man in his trade, but with limited means. The testi-
mony shows that nobody in the 44 Union" office
regarded Mr. Belt as having control or direction of
these contracts; and I think he has had no interest
from the beginning. The wages of all the work-
men engaged in these contracts are paid by Mr.
Ritchie, the paper has all been purchased by Mr.
Ritchie, and the work is done by Mr. Ritchie. He
is announced now as the party in interest, though
others'Stand as the obligors bound to the Govern-
ment, and he only as surety; and an appeal is now
made to us to relieve this innocent security. I think
the testimony is persuasive to show that Mr.
Ritchie was interested as a principal from the be-
ginning, and that the intent of the law has been
evaded by the manner iivwhich these contracts
haVe been procured.
I shall now proceed to state another conclusion
I have formed on the testimony. It is, that there
was no design to perform the contracts when the
bids were made; and that there has been since the
contracts were made, and now exists, a settled pur-
pose to break down the existing law, and to force
Congress to return to the law of 1819, as the
standard by which the prices of public printing
shall be regulated.
Mr. Chairman, I am fully aware that this is a
grave charge; and in order to make it specific, and
to give the matter to the country in its full length
and breadth, I state further, that the testimony is
almost conclusive to show that a combination has
been/aimed to effect this result.
if any interested will refer to me they shall have
the extracts from the testimony to support this con-
clusion. But I cannot refrain from using the tes-
timony now of Cornelius Wendall, of New York,
the public printer of the Thirtieth Congress, to
show that Mr. Trenholm expected to attain the
result now proposed by the Senaie, when he took
this contract, and relied for success in his enter-
prise upon the-assistance of the Democratic party
in Congress. Mr. Wendall swears: 44 Trenholm
4 has repeatedly said to me that the reason for such
4 low bidding was to break up the contract sys-
4 tem. The way Trenholm stated in which they
4 designed to break up the contract system, was by
4 bidding low, and the Democratic party having a
4 majority in Congress, the contract system would
1 be broken up by the party, and the old man
4 (meaning Mr. Ritchie) would get the benefit of
* it, and would then be elected public printer to
•Conress. This scheme was conveyed to me in
4 frequent conversations by Trenholm, always al-
4 ludtng to Mr. Ritchie as being the real contractor
4 for the public printing. He never intimated that
4 he or Belt had any interest in the contract; and
4 Trenholm declared several days before the con-
4 tract was given in form to Trenholm and Belt,
4 and on the day the bids were opened, that Mr.
4 Ritchie meant to have the contract, if he took it a
4 hundred thousand dollars less than the work could
'be done for." The good character of Cornelius
Wendall is sustained by testimony which will not
be disputed. This testimony shows that the con-
tractor relied upon the pliancy of the Democratic
party to carry out this scheme. The testimony
is of record proving the details of the plan. It
was somewhat different from that set forth in the
amendment of the Senate. The first design seems
to have embraced the printing of the executive
departments as well as the printing of Congress.
There was a share provided foreach of the leading
metropolitan newspapers, ltisknown theRepublic
has the printing of some of the departments, and
1 do not understand why it shall be left out in the
present arrangement. It was appositely put in
that paper this morning that public faith and public
morals 44 were involved in this change, and that no
partial arrangement should be made." 1 under-
stand the pith and force of the suggestions. The
Democratic party is the reliance of these contract-
ors ! and their aim seems to be, to break down
the contract system, to the end that, returning to
the system by which extravagant profits may be
realized, Mr. Ritchie may be duly elected public
printer! Flow generous are these contractors, Mr.
Chairman, to bid, for contracts with this design!
How complaisant will the country consider its
Representatives, to lend themselves to the consum-
mation of the scheme ! The Senate had not the
testimony we now have. TheSenatehas voted, in
doubt, in ignorance of the designs I have exposed.
Our concurrence is alone required now to consum-
mate the wishes and expectations of these con-
tractors. Shall we concur? I have said that the
testimony proves the design to break down the
contract system. I say so upon the assertions of
witness after witness, whose depositious are re-
corded in the manuscript before me, which was
offered this morning for the consideration of the
House. Mr. Trenholm especially declared his in-
tention to make Congress 44 sick of the contract
system," by the manner in which these contracts
would be executed. 1 suppose he meant by the
bad manner in which the work should be done,
and the delays to which Congress should be sub-
jected. He has carried out the plan to the letter
and in spirit. But the proof establishes another
proposition: that upon the abandonment of the
contract system by Congress, the proprietors of
the public presses have arranged our legislation on
this subject in advance of our own action, and the
plan of the Senate is in direct conformity with
their understanding. Some of the witnesses dif-
fer as to the terms of the arrangement between the
Union and Intelligencer; but, sir, they were to
have the printing of Congress between them, and
the Republic 44 was not expected to interfere," that
office having the departmental printing. Now, sir,
this is a snug arrangement, and so far as the presses
of this city are concerned, it will be a pity to break
it up. The only grave objection to it is found m
the impropriety of pensioning the press of this
city upon the public Treasury. [The hammer fell.]
Mr. YENABLE said: I rise to submit my j
views in a very few remarks. An allusion to the I
personal feelings of the speakers has been fie-
quently made in this debate. 1 do not conceive
that such considerations should constitute any
portion of the elements of the conclusions at
which we are to arrive in the determination of this
matter. I trust that I shall ever be incapable of
permitting prejudices against an individual to
cause me to do him injustice, or withhold a gen-
erous decision on his claims; or of yielding to the
impulse of personal friendship to open the doors of
the public Treasury to give him more than is his
due. I feel on the present occasion free from the
one feeling or the other. The first would be a
gross and unmanly outrage upon an individual;
the last an unfaithful discharge of my duty to the
country. I am willing to do for Mr. Ritchie, or
the public printer, whoever he may be, justice,
ample justice, which is never inconsistent with
generosity, and even expensive liberality. I am
no Shylock, to claim the pound of flesh in the
words of the bond; neither am I a dispenser of
public bounty at the expense of the people.
There are numerous precedents which favor a
practice of generous liberality to those who have
done work for the Government. 1 voted but a
few days since to protect from loss the editor
of the 44 Globe," (Mr. Rives,) for labor done
for this House, in the reports in his paper.
It was just—it was liberal. Gales and Seaton,
and Mr. Allen, have heretofore received wiarks
of favor of a similar kind. Kay, they are said to
have been indemnified for loss upon much weaker
claims. However that may be, I do not know,
because I am unacquainted with the facts of the
case. I am anxious now, to do all that I can con-
sistently do to prevent a ruinous loss to one who
has devoted a long life to labor in his profession,
and whose claims to justice are equally strong
upon this House, whilst voting compensation to
those who are contractors to do their printing.
None can pretend that there is a legal obligation
on us to abate the conditions of the contract; and
yet there are but few, I suppose, who would
sternly demand its fulfillment to the ruin oftbe con-
tractor. 1 have no such purpose, and would be
pained at such a result. The friends of Mr. Ritchie
say that he has made a contract for the public
printing which will ruin him if it be executed ac-
cording to his bond. This shall not be with my
consent. I will vote to release him from that bond.
They say that the portion already executed will
ruin him. This shall not be done with my con-
sent. I will vote to save him harmless from loss.
His account may be stated and his losses ascer-
tained, and I am willing that he shall be indem-
nified for all loss. - The wages of workmen, the
price of paper, and all his expenses in the printing
make up the sum of the charges, and the amount
of his losses can be easily ascertained. These
should be made up to him. Further! cannot go.
I do not feel authorized to go into the Treasury,
and pay him ten per cent, profits upon a bad bar-
gain, made by h'imself. The only loss which he can
possibly sustain on such a settlement, would be his
time, and I would even estimate that in the aggre-
gate of loss. But 1 cannot consent to vote away
the public money in a gratuity because anjimprovi-
dent contract has been made. It would unsettle1-
all the'contracts of the Government, and make all
contracts a farce. I have a right to give away my
own money, because it is mine, i have no such
right to vote away the public money, because it
belongs to the people. My constituents would not
only justify me, but demand as a duty on my part
to dispense liberal, generous justice to one who is
placed in the situation of the contractor here.
They would acknowledge the propriety of rescu-
ing him from ruin; but they neither expect nor
would approve of my course, should I take their
money to pay a profit to one who has received in-
demnity for loss under a contract which he was le-
gally bound to perform. Whilst 1 will not join in
making Mr. Ritchie a victim to the first experiment
in enforcing acontract to the letter by this House—
whilst I would mete out to him the same liberality
that I would to others who have been similarly
situated, I must insist that it is our duty to give
notice that contracts are binding and must be
peiformed; that whilst the printing, under the laws
of the land, is done by contract, the obligations of
those contracts must be held sacred. Sir, hard as
is his case, grievous as it is represented to be by
his friends, there are many troubles equally oner-
ous, and which no one thinks it the duty of the
Government or any one else to relieve. In the last
few days the swelling of the streams from exces-
sive rains has destroyed the hope* of the husband-
men in large districts of country. They ploughed
and sowed in hope, made reasonable calculations,
and did nothing improvident or unwise. Ruin has
come over all Cheir labors, and they have to sub-
mit to their losses and bear them as they may.
This is unavoidable, and of it none complain. I
suppose that they would be exceedingly grateful if
any expectation was created in their bosoms that
they would be indemnified for their losses. I
know that they would not murmur or complain
because the same generous provision failed to se-
cure them theprofits which they might have made.
If the friends of Mr. Ritchie here consider that to
preserve him from loss, to release him from his
contract, is hard justice—a Shylock demand of the
bond, the whole bond—I can only say that he may
possibly have occasion to say,44 Save me from my
friends." If it is better to hold to his contract
and ail its losses rather than lose ten per cent, on
the work, his losses nsjuet be so inconsiderable as
