902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 2,
cerned, this-amendment was framed and offered
m a spirit any other than that of deception.
Mr. DAWSON. If the Senator will allow me'
the floor for a moment, 1 will put him right. It
was not the conduct of Senators which I termed
deceptive, bat the principle that the value of the
r^^inder of the public lands would be increased
by"gmng away a part of them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The manner of
the Senator was perhaps more excited than he
supposed, at the time he made the charge. But to
the question of fact. It is assumed, then, by the
Senator, that the land could not be increased in
value by having a railroad run within fifteen miles
of it. You may have land one hundred or two
hundred miles from market, and some of its pro-
ducts, for the want of transportation, have no
value beyond the demand for domestic consump-
tion ; but if you bring a railroad within fifteen
miles of it, instead of having to go one hundred or
two hundred miles to market, you have now only
to go fifteen miles to find means of transportstfion.
That certainly makes th§ market more available
for the purpose of selling: the produce which you
may raise upon your land, than if you had no
railroad, and of course makes the land more val-
uable. Does not the Senator know, that lands
within fifteen miles of his own navigable streams,
which lead to the sea-ports of the States, or within
fifteen miles of his railroads, are more valuable
than they were before the railroads were built, or
"Would be if that navigable stream did not exist?
Sir, I have not proposed to extend but to restrict
the grants of land to be given for this purpose.
Without the amendment which I have proposed,
I would be compelled to vote against the bill. My
proposition was not to extend this grant, but in its
floating character to strip it of the right which it
would otherwise have to run all over the State and
select lands. I have proposed not to increase the
width of the slip within which alternate sections
are to be given; but to confine its floating char-
acter to within fifteen miles of the road. 1 ihink
the value of the lands, wilhin that distance, will
be increased by the construction of a means of
transporting bulky and cheap commodities. The
honorable Senator assumes that this is the same
thing as a grant of land for general purposes of
internal improvement. Every feature of the bill
denies it. It is denied by the specific application'
which is to be made of this grant of land. It is
also denied by the fact that this grant will revert
to the Government, if this railroad is not con-
. structed within a specific time. All this makes a
very different thing from a general grant of land
for general purposes of interim! improvement.
This road is chartered by the States through which ,
it is to pass, and is it likely that they would do i
anything which they did not think was (or the !
interests of the cilizens of those States ?
As I have said before, I have no objection to |
the freest principle of granting land to actual set-
tles, but have objections to granting lands to cor- [
porations. Sir, we know that some years ago a il
general distribution of the proceeds of the public
lands among the States took place. From all the
returns which have been published, it appears that !
not one-fifth of the sums thus distributed ever \
inured to the benefit of the people, and so far only !
because that m some of the States it relieved the \',
people from taxation for the support of the current i
expenses of theirGovernment, Why has not Con- 1
gress since entered upon that scheme? Because it ;
has been condemned by the experience which the i
country has had of it.
But, sir, a claim is put up for Georgia. I put :i
up none for Mississippi. I supposed it was some
great indignation which prompted the Senator !
from Georgia when he commenced in such a vehc- !,
ment manner—such indignation as one might feel i
when he found th<it the Treasury was about to be 1
robbed, fraud to be perpetrated, deception practiced |
on the public, and that the general interests of
the country were about to suffer. But no such ;
thing. He merely attacks the principle we ad- '
v.iuce lest it be an obstruction to the application for
his own State, I make none for Mississippi: I
ask no grant of land in this hill; it has been pro-
posed by others, and is connected with the inter-
ests of other States as well ss those of iM ississippi.
fcir, Mississippi has never yet asked a favor from
this Government for her own exclusive benefit.
i r0al' ,'hat 18 to Pass through Mississippi
Was located there by other interests than her own.
It was projected at the North and the South, and
it passes through Mississippi only because that is
the best route. This road is to pass through a
| region of country in our State, a portion^of which
I is unsaleable, and a great deal of which will
remain so; it also passes through a portion of
coontry which is so fertile that not an acre of it
belongs to the Government. Our interest in this
project is quite small. This road received its
direction from Illinois on one side and from Ala-
bama on the other. It comes through Mississippi
only as it comes through Tennessee and Kentucky.
It bends into our State for some distance, but it
does not reach into a portion of it where the land
is now vacant and is soon likely to be peopled.
When it reaches that fertile country to which I
have referred, in the whole of which there is not
an acre of land that belongs to the Government, it
goes first to the navigable waters of the Tombig-
bee, and then approaches the navigable waters of
the Mississippi. It will, no doubt, be of some
advantage to the country through which it passes,
but I do not think it will be of any great vital im-
portance to the State of Mississippi. As I have
said before, there are some parts of the route so
desirabje that not an acre belongs to the Govern-
ment, while, on the other hand, there are other
places that for thirty miles on either side are so
poor and unapproachable that nobody would buy
it, and, consequently, it has to remain on the hands
of the Government until greater facilities of trans-
portation, or a Jower price, or both, may induce
purchasers to take it.
I am sorry, sir, that, notwithstanding the ex-
planation which 1 made to the honorable Senator
from Georgia, he persisted in saying that my
proposition was to extend and not to restrict the
amount of land to be given for this puipose. I
wish the Senator had done me the justice of giv-
ing my views as 1 had stated them, and not ac-
cording to the interpretation which he chosc to
put upon them.
Mr. DAWSON. I did not charge the honor-
able Senator with injustice. I know that his
object was to restrict this road. But the ground
which I assumed was this: that if you would ex-
tend this to fifteen miles, on the same principle
you could extend it to fifty miles.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Yes, and by a
parity of reasoning the Senator might go on to
say that you might extend it to five hundred
rfnles on the same principle. I think fifteen miles
about the extreme distance, as it is the distance
which a loaded team can habitually travel in a
I day. Some Senators wish to extend the limit
1 further, and some will be in favor of reducing the
distance. Butl believe I have reduced it as low
; as a majority of this body will consent to; I be-
lieve 1 have reduced it within the rule originally '
prescribed to myself. And if this amendment is
not adopted I shall vote against the bill, and if it
prove that, as I believe a majority of the Senate will
be found in favor of the bill without this amendment,
t I leave to others the responsibility of defeating
the restriction, of violating the piinciple which
has been heretofore observed, and of leaving us
without guard or check in future grants of this
character.
Mr. KING. My friend from Mississippi having
replied to the remarks which fell from the honora-
ble Senator from peorgia, there is no necessity for
my saying much on the subject. I was struck
with the remarks of that honorable Senator, who
seemed to think that there was not a manifestation
of a right spirit on the part of those who aie in
favor of the passage of this bill, on the ground of
public expediency, and that we were endeavoring
to deceive the country by holding out the idea tha't
we intended this for one thing, when in fact it was !
intended for another. Now, sir, I have not, in i
the course of the discussion here—and the whole
matter has been under discussion for two days  '
observed any disposition on the part of any Sena-
tor to put this matter upon any other ground than
upon ihe true ground; and 
Mf- DAWSON. Mr. President, I realfyappear
to be very unfortunate m being so misunderstood
I say that the principle on which you appropriate
these lands—that of increasing the value of other
lands—is one which is deceptive m its character.
purpose of benefiting the remainder than you have
to appropriate the whole of the proceeds of the
public lands; and the people will be deceived by
being led to believe that you have power to do
that m a limited extent which you have not power
to do m the whole extent.
Mr. KING. Sir, it is not my intention to enter
into any protracted discussion as to the powers of
the General Government over the public lends.
My views have been given on that subject many
years ago. I believe that we have the power fully
and completely to grant a portion of the public
domain for purposes that we may consider advan-
tageous to the general interests of the country, and
calculated to improve the value of the, remaining
portion of the land. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia will look to the action of Congrpss ever since
the first formation of the Government, he will find
that this course has been pursued. There is,
therefore, no departure from principle except it be
in acting strictly wilhin the provisions of previous
laws, whicii have added additional value to those
lands adjoining those that have been given by the
improvement itself, in order that the treasury may
sustain no loss. Whether it will so result in this
case or not, is not for me to determine.
But the honorable Senator from Georgia says
that the selection of these lands cannot give value
toother lands. It is very true that the selection
of the lands will not, but the making of the road
unquestionably will. If you select no land at all,
but for any purpose make this road, thus giving a
communication through the country, is there any
Senator here who does not se.e that all the lands
lying contiguous to the road will be increased in
value to a very great extent? But, sir, it is use-
less to go into any argument to show that. It
must strike every gentleman that when lands are
situated in the interior of a country, whether they
are productive or otherwise, if there be a difficulty
in transporting the products of those iands to mar-
ket, the lands themselves must be proportionately
j valueless. And why ? Simply because the facility
' of getting to market gives them a value; and just
in proportion as that facility is given will the value
of the lands increase. My frieml suggests that it
may, perhaps, be as well to advert to the provis-
ions of the Constitution with regard to the disposal
of the public domain. I do not, however, think
that this is necessary. It is our business to make
all needful rules and regulations—for what? For
the disposal of the territory—that is, the public
domain—of the United States.
Mr. Piesident, I did not expect to hear my
friend from Georgia depart from what I under-
stood to be with him a settled principle, that we
may not make a distribution of the public lands;
and I therefore feltsome degree of surprise when he
intimated that if the bill passed to give a small por-
tion of land for an improvement which will prove
highly beneficial to the whole country, that then
the principle for which he had contended will be
destroyed, and that he would feel himself bound
I to go for a provision to distribute the whole of the
i public lands amongst the States throughout the
Union. That, indeed, might be good ground for
: me to act upon, but 1 think it would haidly do for
i him. If ] thought it was proper to make that dis-
tribution, certainly no act of I his CongHss would
i change my position. That measure did once go
into operation to a certain extent, but it lasted only
for a short time. I was opposed to it then; and,
waiving all constitutional objections, 1 was op-
posed to it on the ground that I considered it as an
act of great injustice to the new Stales. The mo-
i ment you placed the matter in that position, the
remote States, which had not been subjected to the.
same difficulties and hardships which the pew
States have had to undeigo m settling <i v\ llderness
would kn ow that they would make more monry
by holding on to the iarxhs tintd hardy pio-
neers had value to them by cuiimum^ those
wjthin fhetr ucinity. Aow, s>ir, u. as it desirable
to the >Siatp of Georgia, is it deferable now, that
the people who have stone into th^e now States
and made  rftat sacrificcs to settle ihrm^ Ivrs and
improve the country ^rnerally, should he sub-
jected to the inconveniences which would result
in case such t\ measure should be «dopif-d 5 Hut
I do not consider that it is neet-sM-y to di.vcu.ss
this measure now.
did not say itt ali that gentlemen menn to deceive;
twe^rir/eharrt'e^f1' l"-y th° f)nnciPle is i; Sir, the honorable Senator from Gcoigia drprr
morp In „;'.t ."i?.8?" = 7°U, h?VC !'" i' CateS' VeT Strong tCIIIIK, the llljuslicc ofglVlllg
to these new States, which have been subject to
more power to give away the public lands tor the !
