1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1997
to make it a matter of small moment. If he pre-
fers this to a release and an indemnity from loss,
it is impossible that the contract can ruin him.
He will at least be left to his choice, and I have no
doubt but that it will be made with a sound discre-
tion. There is no shadow of a claim for profits
by one who seeks to be released from a losing bar-
gain. Equity and fair dealing justify such a re-
lease. Equity and justice, tempered with generos-
ity, approve ef indemnity from loss; but it is a
claim on our discretion as representatives of the
people, and that discretion must also be soundly
not capriciously exercised. Had the contract
been profitable we would not have asked an abate-
ment of the price, or a relinquishment of the prof
its. It being unprofitable, 1 will not require the
execution of its conditions, or that he should in-
cur a ruinous loss. These are my views, sir; and
this the line of action which I am willing to take.
I think it ought to be satisfactory, because it is
just. I think it ought to be gladly acquiesced in
by the contractor, because it is generous and
liberal as well as just. The Government should
always perform its contracts, whether profitable or
not, because it is powerful and rich. It ought to
deal generously with iis bondsmen, because it ^s
powerful and rich and can afford to be generous.
The amendment of Mr. Marshall was re-
jected.
Messrs. CARTTER, McCLERNAND, and
McXANE of Maryland, severally desired to offer
amendments, which the Chair ruled out of order
pending the amendment already offered.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved the following as a
substitute:
u Jin.-1 be it further enacted, That the accounts of the pub-
lic printers, Coral! prints u<r executed, ordered,or to be ordered
by Congress, or by either Hou-e thereof, under the existing
contract for the public printing, be audited and settled by
the Secretary of the Treasury uposi she terms of the several
resolutions adopted by the two Houses in 184G."
The CHAIR ruled it to be out of order. The
amendment of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] now pending, was in the nature of a
substitute.
The question was then taken on the substitute
of Mr. Orr, and it was rejected.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved an amendment
providing that the contractors shall be paid 33^ per
cent, advance on the work already performed, and
10 per cent, profit on the worn yet to be per-
formed.
Mr. McCLERNAND maintained that Congress
had violated th.e contract for the public printing,
and that Mr. Ritchie had not violated it. There
had been no proof adduced to show that he had
violated it. Up to this time he had done more
public printing than any former Congress had ever
had done.
it had been asserted by the gentleman from South
Carolina that the census printing was not legiti-
mately within the> contract entered into by Mr.
Ritchie with Congress. Sir, (said Mr. McC.,) in
1842, when Blair & Rives were public printers,
Mr. Webster, who was Secretary of State, gave
the prmtingof the census to Thomas Allen. Blair
& Rives claimed it as Ctie public printers, and a
controversy arose, the result of which was, that
both Allen and the public printers were paid for the
woi k, and a gentleman from Kentucky, formerly
a member of this House, insisted upon this floor
that the giving of the printing of the census to
Mr. Allen was a violation of the contract with
Blair & Rives, and that they ought to be paid for
it; and they were paid. The member referred to
was Garret Davis, of Kentucky, a gallant and pub-
tic spirited gentleman.
But this is not the only case where compensa-
tion has been made by Congress to the public
printer irrespective of his contract. In 1841-'42,
probably, it was ascertained that Gales & Seaton
had been losers in the fulfillment of their contract,
and Congress voted them forty thousand dollars.
And,sir, during the present session too, Mr. Rives,
after having entered into a contract to furnish a
certain number of copies of the debates and pro-
ceedings of this House, came forward and said that
he had lost money m doing this work, and asked
Congress to indemnify him, and Congress did in-
demnify him; and they only did what justice and
sound policy required. Here, then, we have the
uniform practice of Congress in favor of indemni-
fying contractors who have lost money by then-
contracts. Vet it is proposed to except Mr
Ritchie from that usage, and to do what must
make him the victim of a cruel persecution. I
hope that Congresa will not be guilty of such con-
duct.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have attacked no man.
I have merely stated-a part of the testimony taken
by the committee of which 1 am a member. I
was charged by this House with the duty of col-
lecting tt, and it is my public duty to state it, since
time will not permit its publication. 1 entertain
no hostility to Mr. Ritchie, and certainly no pre-
judice against him influences my action here. I
wish to keep out of all difficulty, and it is unpleas-
ant to me to be compelled to allude to the conduct
of any person in terms of disapprobation; but I
should be recreant to the trust with which I have
been clothed by my constituents, possessing the
information disclosed before the committee of in-
vestigation which no opportunity has been afforded'
as yet to print, were I not to speak freely to these
questions, I mean to perform that duty regard-
less of consequences.
So far from any attack being made or any hos-
tility animating me, I am free to say that, accept-
ing the assurances of Mr. Ritchie that he appre-
hends loss from the faithful execution of fhese
contracts, \ am willing at once to release him from
the further execution of the contracts, and from
all damages for the delay and delinquencies that
have occurred. But the proposition to assure him
against loss is another and different matter; and
the proposition to assure a profit of ten per cent,
upon the investment of his capital is a greater
draft upon our liberality. The public coffers are
in our keeping, and the people of the United States
look to us to manage them properly. I do not
know what the practice may have been heretofore,
but, sir, I am not willing that Congress shall be
made a mere instrument in the hands of politicians
and printers, be they Whigs or Democrats, to
carry forward and to sustain the partisan press of
the country. I make no difference as to parties.
1 will never consentto it for any man or set of men
of any party. 1 have it on indubitable Testimony,
that the determination was understood before Con-
gress assembled, that the contract system should
be broken down, and that when it was abandoned
Congress should be induced to reestablish the stand-
ard of 1819, minus twenty to thirty-three per
cent as the rule by which to pay for the public
printing; that the Union and National Intelligencer
were then to have the printing of Congress, either
as joint printers or as employees of the House and
Senate respectively; and finally, that the Republic
was not "expected to interfere" in this arrange-
ment. I have testimony that this rule applied
to the printing of the executive departments will
bankrupt the Treasury, and that applied to the
printing of Congress it will yield to the printers
near three hundred thousand dollars for their la-
bor. Sir, I can't stand it. 1 do not care whether
Gales & Seaton and Mr. Ritchie, or Mr. Anybody-
else, are to be the recipients of the profits to flow
from this arrangement. I denounce it as improper
and as a violation of our duty to the people. 1
invite attention to the amendment passed by the
Senate. That is the plan exactly which was
formed before we came here. 1 do not believe the
Senate perceived the wrong it will work out,
though there can be no excuse for this House,
should we agree to its ratification, i might say
much more of arrangements, but I desist. I in-
vite the Whigs and Denrocrats equally to repudiate
this arrangement.
Mr. FOWLER. I want to know if there is
any proof of loss under these contracts.
Mr. MARSHALL. I answer, there is no proof
of any specific loss, only general declarations that
the rates are ruinously low. [Here the hammer
fell.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
JONES rose simultaneously and inquired what
was the amendment now pending ?
The CHAIRMAN replied, the amendment
offered by thegentfeman from Illinois, [Mr. Mc-
Clernand.]
The amendment was read.
Mr. McCLERNAND offered to withdraw the
amendment.
Objection waa made.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. CARTTER. With a view of bringing
this discussion to a close, I propose to strike out
the three sections relating to these printers.
Mr. McLANE. I desire to perfect the sections
before the vote to strike out is taken.
Mr. JONES asked the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cartter] to yield him the floor for a mo*
ment.
A conversation occurred between Messrs.
CARTTER, JONES, and the Chairman, relative
to the state of the question.
Mr. JONES addressed the Chair.
Mr. PUTNAM. Is it in order to offer a sub-
stitute for the sections under consideration ?
The CHAIRMAN said it was not now in order.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, proposed to
amend the sections which the gentleman from Ohio
had moved to strike out, by adding thereto the
words 44 and to audit his accounts in conformity
with the provisions of the resolution, approved 3d
August, 1846, entitled 1 A joint resolution directing
the manner of procuring the printingt>f the two
Houses of Congress.'''
Mr. CARTTER raised the question of order
against the amendment, that it was the same
amendment moved by the gentleman from Illinois
and rejected.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it was not the
same amendment.
Mr. McLANE. The committee would under-
stand, he said, that in this third section the Senate
had fixed the compensation for the public printer
for the next session, and had provided further
that the accounts of the public printer for this
session should be audited and settled upon the
principle of paying for actual loss, and ten per
cent, profit on actual cost of the work. The ob-
ject of the amendment which he had moved was
to provide that his accounts should be settled
upon the same terms as those provided by the
Senate for the printers for the next session of
He did not expect that it would prevail, be-
cause he perceived that the temper of the House
was averse to it. The gentleman from North
Carolina had said that he would not give the ten
percent, profit on the work performed; but that he
was willing to pay the actual losses sustained.
He apprehended the gentleman would find him-
self in a minority even upon that ground to-night.
He had himself no expectation that even the ac-
tual losses would he covered, no matter what pro-
fessions were made in debate.
But he rose principally to notice the remarks of
th.e getuleman from Kentucky, who had stated
that he believed that these pat-ties whom they were
about to relieve, took the contract for the purpose
of breaking up the system.
Mr, MARSHALL. I believe that such is the
case.
Mr. McLANE. Well, now, sir, there is in-
ternal prima facie evidence that such is not the
case; because the contract has been continued
and the work has been done. 1 need not turn to
gentlemen on my right, (colleagues of the gentle-
man from Kentucky on the Printing Committee,)
or on my left, and ask them whether they believe
there was any such intention; because we have the
fact before us that the system has not been broken
up, the contract has not been broken, but, on the
contrary, the work has been performed, though at
a loss to the contractors. It is an absurdity to
say that it was taken with a vifew to break up the
contract system; still he was happy to know that
these gentlemen of the Printing Committee differed
with the gentlemen from Kentucky. Now, an-
other word about the contract itself. Suppose you
do not redeem it, why the contractor will be obliged
to stop your work. He says he will do so or be
obliged to incur further losses.
Up to this time Mr. Ritchie has performed his
duty faithfully, and now at this hour an act of bare
justice is refused him. You say you will pay his
"actual loss. Sir, I throw aside the notion that
the pound of flesh is not exacted when you
merely pay the actual loss. Such a settlement
would not be equitable unless these actual losses
were ascertained upon large and liberal principles
of equity.
I move this amendment, because I desire that
the rule which the Senate prescribes for the next
session shall be the rule for this
Mr ORR said, the gentleman from Illinois says
it is not pretended that the presentcontracto « have
not executed their contract strictly according to
its terms. Well, sir, i take issue with him upon
that point; and I charge that the contractors have
