904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
Mississippi, I will state that at Chicago this branch
of the road comes very near to that end of the
Canal. 1 cannot state precisely how near to the
canal the track of the road will run. At some
points it will ran within five or six miles of the
canal; at others fifteen or twenty miles off.
Mr. DAVIS. They have the same termini, then,
I understand from the Senator ? Mr. President, I
have some doubts upon this point. The question
was a good deal discussed at the time whether it
should be a canal or a railroad. The firsfsurvey
Was for a canal, and it was demonstrated that the
lake could be made a feeder for the canal. It was
coupled with some collateral questions; and for
that reason, I think, the canal prevailed over the
railroad. The railroad at that time had very many
advocates. Nov/, this is a short line. A canal
has already been constructed. The Government
granted tends for the canal. X think it is not fair
that we should appropriate more lands for the
railroad. If it is thought necessary; if the great
commercial interests require both roads and canal,
then they should furnish the capital.
Mr. DOUGLAS made some reply, which was
nearly inaudible to the reporter. He was under-
stood to say that this was but a small matter, as the
branch was an inconsiderable portion of the road.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, if no one else objects, I
shall not press my amendment.
There being no further propositions to amend,
the bill was reported back to the Senate; and the
amendments of the committee concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read a third time accord-
ingly.
On the motion that the bill do pass—
Mr. BUTLER called for the yeas and nays,
which, being ordered, were taken, and resulted as
follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benton, Borland,
Bright, Cass, Corwiu, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Wis-
cousin. Dodge of Iowa. Douglas, Down=, Foole, Houston,
Jone*J, Kias, Manarum, Morton, Seiu-tmn, Seward, Shields,
Smith, Sturjreon, Underwood, and Walker—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradlmry, Butler, Chase, Ciarke, Daw-
son, Dajton, Hunter, Miller, Norn*, Phelps, Pratt, Turney,
Wales, and Yulee—14.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KING moved to amend the title of the bill by
inserting the words " Mississippi and Alabama,"
and substituting the word "grant" for "donation."
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the word " dona-
tion" will stand. I think it more correctly ex-
presses the character of the bill than the other.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senator from Maine will
allow the amendment to pass.
Mr. BRADBURY. Oh, certainly. I will not
offer any opposition to it. I withdrawmyobjection.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and, on motion,
The Seriate adjourned. J
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
- Friday, 37ay 3, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DECISIONS OF ATTORNEYS GENERAL.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso- ;
lution, which was read for information:
Resolved, Tliat the President of tlie United States be re-
quested to have prepared and communicated to fin- House, :
at the commencement of the ne\t session, all the opinions j
of the Attorneys Genera! of the XJi-ited States delivered
since the 1st of March, 1841, which givp construction to
the publie laws not of a temporary character.
He said he hoped there would be no objection
to the resolution.
Mr. McGAUGHEY obecting—
The resolution was not received.
THE CENSUS BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union for the further
consideration of the special order, the census bill.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. DANIEL moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House on the
private calendar. He stated that to-day being the
first Friday of the month, bills to which no ob-
jection was made were to be acted upon without
debate. He inquired of the Speaker if this mo-
tion was not first in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the censds bill being the special order of the day,
the motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union upon that bill has priority
over the motion to go into Committee of the
Whole House on the private calendar. If the
House do not resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or into Commit-
tee of the Whole House, the private bills upon
the Speaker's table will be reported to the House.
The Chair will state, for the information of the
House, that there are one or two private bills
from the Senate lying on the Speaker's table; the
only private bill reported from the Committee of
the Whole House upon the Speaker's table, is one
which has been objected to; and this being objec-
tion day, it will not be considered. The motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is in order.
A motion, that when the House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to Monday, by yeas 53, nays 91, was
rejected.
i1 THE AMERICAN MERIDIAN.
lj Mr. WINTIIROP rose and said, before the mo-
J, tion was put on going into Committee of the Whole
;i on the state of the Union, he desired to move to
| j reconsider the vote by. which the House had yes-
terday referred to the Committee of the Whole on
|i the state of the Union the resolution in relation to
| the American meridian. This being private bill
jl day, the motion to reconsider, he presumed, would
ji not come up, but would lie over until the next
[j public business day.
} The motion to reconsider was entered upon the
ii Journal, and lies over.
:j THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
i The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
■ Thompson, of Pennsylvania, was taken, and
agreed to.
"The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
| mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Thompson, of Mississippi, in the chair,) and
J resumed the consideration of the biil providing for
' the taking of the seventh census.
The CHAIRMAN stated the pending question
i to be on the motion heretofore made, to strike out
!' the following proviso from the ninth section of the
| bill:
I! " Anil provided fmiher, That the compensation of the
several marsiials of Florida and the Territories, shall be
11 such an equivalent for their respective servn es as the See-
J1 retfiry of the Interior shall deem to be just and equitable."
! The question was taken, and having been decided
!' in the affirmative, the proviso was stricken out.
,1 Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to amend
1 the said section, by striking out all after the eigh-
teenth line, as follows:
And jn'Oiiiied further, That if the marshal of any dis-
trict shall personally perform the duties assigned by n {s
act to a-^istllnts, he shall receive therefor the compensation ,
allowed to assistants for like services."
The proviso, Mr. S. explained, was incon-
sistent with a former section, in which the words,
"may perform the duty," had been stricken out,
and it had been made imperative on the marshals
to appoint assistants in all cases. By the proviso,
i which he proposed to strike out, the marshal was
j permitted to perform services which another sec-
tion declared should bepeiformed by an assistant.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said that
he had prepared an amendment which would ob-
viate the objection suggested by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton.]
Mr. STANTON said he would then waive his
amendment for the purpose of enabling the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] to
offer his.
Mr. THOMPSON then moved to amend the '
; proviso, by inserting after the word "district," .
i the words "may at his discretion, perform
the duties of an assistant of any subdivision in
I which he may reside," (striking out the word
and providing that, in such case, he shall
i receive the compensation, &c.)
j! The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
j Mr. bTANTOiN, of Kentucky, proposed to
. amend the proviso by adding, "and that such
: compensation shall be in lieu of, and not in addi-
tion to, his appointment as a marshal."
Mr. S., in explanation, said the bill pro-
, vided that the marshal should receive compen-
sation as a superintendent for taking the census
; If the proviso stood as it was, the marshal would !
; receive the two pays-first as superintendent, and |
' then as assistant. The object of the amendment
i was, that he should not receive both pays at the
| same time—first as marshal, and then as assistant
I marshal.
I Mr. HOUSTON said, that if he,understood the
j amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
I [Mr. Thompson,] it provided that when a marshal
i performed the duties of an assistant in any subdi-
! vision, he should receive the compensation of an
| assistant in that subdivision. Would it be proper
I that, in such a case, the marshal should receive no
i compensation? If he performed the general duties
| of marshal, and, in addition to these, performed
] the duties of assistant marshal in a subdivision,
surely he should receive compensation.
Mr. STANTON said, it would begivingdouble
pay. While the marshal was attending to the
duties of an assistant, surely he would not be dis-
charging those of a marshal.
Mr. HOUSTON said, he would be performing
his duties as a general superintendent of the other
subdivisions in his district.
Mr. STANTON. Yes; but not as to that par-
ticular subdivision.
Mr. MARSHALL called for the reading of the
amendment; which was read.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected
Mr. NEtiSON moved to amend the section by
striking out the following words:
<£Thot whenever the population returned in any district
shall exceed one miHion. the raar>hal thereof shall be enti-
tled to receive as a compensation lor all Ins services in f-x-
! ecuting this act, after the rate ot one dollar tor each ihousanrt
| persons ; but if the number returned shall bp less lhan a mil-
lion in anydistrict, the marshal thereof shall be allowed f -r
; his services at the rate of one dollar and twenty-five cents
| for each thousand persons*."
j And to insert the following:
Tiie several marshals shall rereive for all services in
j executing this act, at the rme of gl 25 lor each one thou?ana
' persons,"m their ie:>peetive districts, to the number ol one
; million, if so many in the district ; and if the number of
i pej-onsof anyone district >hall exceed one million, then
; the compensation for the excess over one million in Mich
' district shall be at the late of £1 for eveiy thousand per-
; sons."
Mr. NELSON, in explanation of his amend-
ment, said that he supposed the amendment only
' arrived at what he believed to have been the inten-
1 tion of the framer of this section of the bill when
j it was drawn; because he could not suppose that
! the committee which reported the bill intended to
: give to the marshals who had less than a million
; of inhabitants in their districts, a larger amount of
j compensation than to those marshals who had a
■ greater number than a million. In other words,
, to allow a greater amount of compensation to those
who do letvS service, than would be allowed to those
who do more.
The committee will perceive, by looking at this
ninth section, as reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary, that a marshal, whose district con-
tains nine hundred and ninety thousand inhabit-
ants, would be entitled to receive for his services
$1,238, whereas, if his district contained one mil-
lion and one, he would be entitled to receive only
$1,000; or if his district should happen to contain
nine hundred and ninety-aine thous tnd nine hun-
dred and ninety-nine, he would be entitled to re-
ceive within a very small fraction §l,:i5(), yet the
marshal of an adjoining district, which mi^ht
happen to contain one million and one inhabitants,
would be entitled to receive for his services, only
the sum of §1,000. This was manifestly unequal
and unjust, to say the least of it.
The amendment he offered proposed to give at
the rate of $1 25 for every thousand inhabitants,
to the amount of one million, and at the, rate of
a thousand for any excess of inhabitants over one
million in any district. This amendment srtadu-
ates the amount of compensation to the marshals'
according to the amo mt of services rendered,
whether the district should happen to contain
more or less than a nuliion of inhabitants. The
amendment seamed to him so manifestly pist and
proper, that he would not doubt but that the com-
mittee would adopt it.
The question was taken, and the affirmative vote
stood 5'X
Tellers were asked, and Messrs. St\nton% of
Kentucky, and Gould, of New York, were ap-
pointed.
And the vote, being again taken, stood, ayes 57,
noes 79.
So the amendment was rejected.
Nofurther amendment was offered to the section.
