1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
The tenth section was then read as follows:
Op- Assistants, their Duties, Liabilities, and Compen-
sation.
Sec. 10. JinA be it further enacted, That no assistant shall
bp deemed qualified to enter upon his duties until he has re-
ceived from Hie marshal, underhis hand, such a commission
as provided for m this <<ct, and shall take and subscribe
the following oath, which shall be thereon endorsed, to wit:
" I   a" assistant t" the marshal of the district of
 , do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will make a true
and exact enumeration of all the inhabitants within the dis-
trict assigned to me, and will also faithfully collect the other
statistics therein, in the manner provided for m the act for
taking the seventh census, and in conformity with all lawful
instructions which I may receive, and will make due and
correct returns thereof as required in said act."
(Signed.)
Which said oath may he xid ministered by any judge of a
court of record, or any justice of the peace empowered to
administer oaths, and a copy thereof duly authenticated shall
be filed with the marshal by such assistant, before he pro-
ceeds to the husirie&s of the appointment.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed to
strike out, in the nineteenth line, the words " filed
with,'5 and insert " forwarded to."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUTNAM proposed to amend the section,
in the first line, by adding after the word " that," j
the words " deputy marshal or" (assistant.)
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, supposed, !
he said, that there would be no objection to the 1
amendment. ;
Mr. PUTNAM said, he proposed the amend- !
ment for the purpose more particularly of giving :
him an opportunity of saying a few words m an- I
swer to the honorable member having charge of j
the bill, [Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania,] who I
opposed the amendment he offered yesterday, re- I
quiring the deputy marshal to take an oath of :
office, the same oath the marshal was required to |
take before he should enter upon the duties of his :
appointment. He (Mr. P.) said there was no
provision in the bill which required such oath,
and that his amendment offered yesterday sup-
plied the omission.
Mr. THOMPSON here remarked, he would \
consent to the amendment now offered by the ]
gentleman from New York. j
Mr. PUTNAM said, that by the eighth section 1
the deputy marshal's duties are specified; he is '
clothed with all the powers, and is to perform all ;
the duties, and is subject to the same penalties, as :
the marshal. So that he is in fact the marshal, to ;
perform his duties when he is unable, on account '
of sickness or other disability, to attend to them 1
personally. By the eleventh section the duties of j
the assistant are fully described. He is to perform !
the service required of him by a personal visit to
each dwelling-house, and to each family in the
subdivision assigned to him. He is also to visit
the farms, mills, shops, mines, and other places
where statistical information may be acquired.
These are not the duties of the deputy marshal
Again: he said, the deputy's appointment and
duties as to tertitory are limited only by the
boundaries of the judicial district of the marshal,
whilst those of the assistant are confined to a small
subdivision, embracing only about twenty thou-
sand inhabitants. The oath prescribed for the as-
sistant is adapted to his particular duties; whilst
that of the maishal is a different oath, and is fitly
adapted to his duties. That of the assistant has
this clause: " I will make a true and exact enu-
meration of all the inhabitants within the district
assigned to me." Now, the marshal takes no >
such oath; and it would be as inappropriate for ]
the deputy marshal, who occupies when appointed !
the post of the marshal for the entire district, j
How would it look, in the estimation of any one j
not very conversant with the construction of laws, ;
for the marshal to take the oath to make " a true .
and exact enumeration of the inhabitants," a ser- 1
vice not belonging to him, but specially assigned i
to the assistants ? ;
Now, sir, the same reason that demands an oath
from the marshal, with equal force applies to his ;
deputy. Among his duties is that of examining !
all the returns of the assistants, and making cor- :
rections of errors. The honorable member from i
Pennsylvania says he will now consent to the '
amendment; but he will see, by reference to the ,
duties of the assistant and his oath, the amend- !
ment now offered is wholly incompatible with this \
section, and that it was offered for an opportunity ,
of making some further explanation in favor of his ;
amendment yesterday, and of saying, not what I
the honorable member did of him yesterday, that |
he (Mr. P.) " could not have thoroughly exam-
ined the bill;" but to say that, though the gentle-
man might have examined it thoroughly, yet he
(Jid not, in this particular, understand it, else he
would not have objected to the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. PUTNAM then withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BOWIE moved a verbal amendment insert-
ing in the fifth and tenth lines, after the word
41 oath," the word " affirmation."
The amendment was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
vania, the section was amended by striking out in
the fifth line the words 4< on the spot."
Mr. ALBERTSON moved to amend so as to
make the fourth and fifth lines read " by a personal
visit to each dwelling-house and head of a family,"
&c. Rejected.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to amend bystrikin?
out in the eighth line the words " the name of each
member thereof." Rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to strike
out in the ninth line the wprds "the age and place
of birth of each." Rejected.
Mr. STANTON moved to strike out the words,
"arid place of birth of each." Rejected.
Mr. STANTON moved to strike out the words,
4< the age and." Rejected.
The twelfth section being under consideration
in the following words:
Sec. 12. Jlndhe %t further enacted, That each assistant
shall make three fair and complete copies of all the memo
ran^a thus obtained in his district, numbering eaeh page
and subscribing his name thereon ; all winch tie shall at the
earliest possible day before the first day oi October next,
transmit to the marshal, having first certified theieon under
his hand, and made oath to the  ame before a magistrate
competent to administer oatiis, that he has. according to the
best of his skill and judgment, executed hi* duties in con-
foirmty with the provisions of this act, and has inr*de in the
tables a faithful andttue record ot his donnrsfiom d ly to day,
(having dated each day's work,) and employed his best ex-
ertions to obtain the truth in the manner rtqiiiied by ppr>onal
vi-us and inquiries at the places where the families hvf, and
where the business, ari account ot which is given, is done.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, by instruc-
tion from the Judiciary Committee, moved to
strike out all after the word " that" in the first
line, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
" Each assistant marshal shall, within one month afterthe
time specified toi the completion ot the enumeration, fuimsn
the oiujinal census leturns to the clerk of the county court
of their res-peetive counties, and two copies, duly compared
and coriected, to the marshal of the district^, lie shall
affix his =!gna*tur  to each page of the schedules before he
returns them to his marshal, and on the la-t page thereof,
shall state the whole number of pages in each return, and
certify that they were well and truly made according to the
tenor of his oath of office."
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
No other amendment being proposed to this
section,
Section thirteen was taken uo, as follows:
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further evaded, That each assist-
ant shall be allowed as cmnpen ation tor Jits service*
after th« rate of two cents for each pei->on enumeinted, and
ten cents a mile (or necessary travel, to be ascertained by
multiplying the square root of the number of dwelling
houses in the division by the square root of the number j!
square nnlesin each divi-ion, and the product shall be taken
as the number of miles traveled tor ail purposes in taking
this census.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, by instruc-
tion from the Judiciary Committee, moved to
strike out all after the word " that" m the first
line, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
"For every hundred inhabitants enumerated and de-
scribed, each assistant shall receive, in alt incotporatc-d vil-
lages, towns, and cities, containing more than five thousand
inhabitants, one dollar and twenty-five cents; m all subdi-
vision'?, not int. hided m such villages, towns oi cities, con-
taining, on an average, more than seventy-five inhabitants
to the square mile, one dollar and seventyMi\e cenu lor each
hundred ; in sulidiw^inn> containing less than seventy-five
and more than fiity inhabitants to the s-quate mile, two dol-
lais and twenty-live cents for each hundred: in subdivisions
containing less than tiny and more than twenty-five inhab-
itants to the square mile, two dollars and ti)t> cents for each
hundred; in subdivisions con aining le3S than twenty-five
and more than ten inhabitants to the" square mile, three dol-
lars and fifty cents for each hundred ; in subdivisions con-
taining less than ten and more than five inhabitants to the
square mile, four dollars and fifty cents for each hundred :
and in subdivisions containing less than five inhabitants to
the square mile, such compensation as the Secretary ol the
Interior shall allow. For the two copies of tiie enumeration
of the inhabitants and of the statistics, eight cents for each
complete page of each copy of the schedule.,J
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to.
No further amendments being offered, the com-
mittee proceeded to the next section.
Sections fourteen and fifteen were passed with-
out objection, (no amendment being offered,) in
the following form:
Sec. 14. Jlnd he it further enacted, That in addition to the
compensation allowed for the enumeration of the inhabit-
ants, there shall be paid for each farm fully returned, ten
cents; for each establishment of productive industry fully
taken and returned fifteen cents; for the social statistics,
two per cent, upon the amount allowed or the enumeration
of population, and for each name of a deceased peison re-
turned, two cents: Provided, however, That in making re-
turns of farms and establishments of productive industry,
the instructions given by the Secretary of the Interior must
be strictly observed, and no allowance shall be made for
any return not authorized by such instructions, or for any
returns not limited to the year next preceding the first of
June next.
Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any assistant
who, having accepted the appointment, shall, without justi-
fiable cau-e, neglect or refuse to perform the dunes enjoined
on bun by this act, shall be guilty of a nusdemcanoi, and
upon conviction be liable to a forfeiture of five hundred
, dollars; or if he shall willfully make a fai-e oath, itviiall be
j deemed purjuiy ; or if he shall willfully make a false certifi-
! cate, it shall be deemed a misdemeanor, and if convict# d or
found guilty of either of the ld<t named ofF^nces, h£ «hall
forfeit and pay not exceeding five thousand dollars, and be
imprisoned not le«s than two years. Arid each marshal
shall be alike punishable foi the two last named ofl'euce3
when committed by him.
Section sixteen being under consideration, as
follows:
Sice. .6. Jlndhe it further enacted, That each and every
free, person more than twenty years, of age, belonging to any
family residing in any subdivision, and in case of the ab-
sence of the heads and other members of any such btrru'y,
then any agent of sucn family, shall be, and each of them
hereby is, required, if thereto requested by the marshal or
his assistant, to render a true account to the best of his or
her knowledge of every per-on belonging to such family, in
the various particulars required in and bv this act, and the
tables thereto subjoined, on pain of forfeiting thirty dollars,
to be sued for and recoveied in an action of debt by the
a^si-tant.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, under in-
structions from the Committee on the Judiciary,
moved an amendment, to add at the end of the
scction, the words,
" One half to the use of the United States, and the other
to his own Use."
Mr. BOWIE moved to amend the amendment,
so as to make it read il to the use of the United
States."
Mr. B. said: The amendment of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to the bill from the Senate,
gives one-half of the penalty (imposed on persons
refusing to answer) to the United States, the other
half to the assistant marshal. I propose to strike
out all those parts of the amendment which assign
any portion of the penalty to the officer or in-
former. The committee are aware the questions
to be propounded are very numerous, and not alto-
gether unexceptionable. The persons necessary
to execute the provisions of this act, may, perhaps,
without exaggeration, be estimated at five thou-
sand. This large body are, by the amendment,
made interested inariguious piosecution of the
law. A premium is offered for piosecution, and
petsecution; pretexts will not be wanting when
such inducements are held out. By the former
acts relating to the census, the penalty was $20.
This enlarges it to $30. If it is necessary to en-
force the execution of the law by penalties, let
them be confined to the infraction of the constitu-
tional obligation, to answer as to the enumeration
of persons only, and make them inure to the bene-
fit of the Government. The amendment of the
committee introduces into our legislation those
" qui tam" actions which have been so odious and
oppressive in Great Britain, which offer to cupid-
ity every temptation to- pusjury, and render com-
petent the witness, who is most interested in the
conviction. It is better that obedience to our laws
should be based in the affections, rather than the
fears of the people.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of
Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania, to enable that
gentleman to make an explanation.
Mr. THOMPSON renewed the amendment of
the gentleman from Maryland. He said he
wished to call the attention of his friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,] and his friend
from Maryland, [Mr. McLaxe,] and every other
gentleman, to the-fact, that the section did not
propose any inquiry which had not regard to the
citizens—to the persons. He read a part of the
section in confirmation of this fact—and said the
same words, or very nearly the same words, had
been included in the last census act.
Mr. McLANE, (interposing.) Do { under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania to state
that these penalties provided in the 16th section
