906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
do not apply to those tables in which inquiries are
made in reference to health, disease, &c.?
Mr, THOMPSON. No: they do not,
Mr. McLANE. Most assuredly the penalties
provided in the 16th section apply to the questions
in ail the schedules.
The question being on the amendment originally
made by Mr. Bowie, was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the amendment was asreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment as
amended, reported by Mr. Thompson from the
Committee on the Judiciary,
Mr. McDONALD moved to amend the amend-
ment by sinking out the words, " for the use of the
United States," and inserting 4<for the use of the
common schools in the district where the delin-
quent lives."
Mr. VINTON said there was so much noise in
the Hall that nothing could be heard in that
quaver. He asked that the amendment of the
Committee on the Judiciary and the amendment
pending be reported.
The CHAIRMAN called the committee to
order, and again stated the amendments.
The question was then taken upon the amendment
of Mr. McDonald, and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment of the
Committee on the Judiciary—
Mr. CHANDLER moved to amend the section
in the eleventh line, after the word <k dollars," by
inserting the words " for refusing to answer inter-
rogatories contained in the schedules one and two
appended to this act."
Mr. C., in explanation of the amendment
said that its adoption would remove an objec-
tion which had been raised on both sides of the
House, although he had himself no constitutional
scruples as to the power to call for the informa-
tion contemplated by the other schedules, and
would not be willing to give up the principle; yet
he would not impose a penalty for not doing that
which he believed the citizens generally would be
willing to do. As to the power and right of Con-
gress to take an enumeration of the inhabitants,
there was no difference of opinion. To the sche-
dules directed to that object, the penalty was prop-
erly applied. And though he had no doubt of the
propriety of taking the other information sought
for, yet he would not enforce the interrogatories
by penalties.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to amend by stri-
king- out " No. 1."
The CHAIRMAN said the motion was not in
order.
Mr. WOODWARD gave notice of an amend-
ment, which he said he would hereafter offer if
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Chandler] should prevail.
Mr. CROWELL moved a pro fo7"via amend-
ment, for the purpose, he said, of saying a few
words on the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler.] He (Mr. C.) :
hoped that the amendment would not prevail. ;
He trusted that the committee would not consent
to make any such discriminations as were con-
templated by it. If our laws were worthy of being
enforced at all, let the penalty for non-observance
of them be eqtjal, and apply aliKe to all violators
of them. Let the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania he adopted, and it would ren-
der the bill utterly impotent and worthless for the
accomplishment of the object for which it was
designed. To his (Mr. C ' ) mind, it was per-
fectly idle to talk about constitutional objections
to obtaining; the information sought by those
tables, as to which it was proposed that an ex-
emption from (he operation of this penalty should
be made. The constitutional right of Congress
was as clear, arid full, and perfect, in his judg-
ment, to obtain the information sought for by all
the tables, as it \va>> to obtain that which was em-
braced in schedules one and two. It was wion^,
therefore, to make the distinction, and he was
surprised that the honorable member from Penn-
sylvania should have submitted such a motion.
Mr. ASHE rose toa question of order. He sub-
mitted that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr Croiv-
ee,l] was pot speaking to the amendment, which
he himself had offered, but was commenting upon
that proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Chandler.] This, Mr. A. submitted,
was not m order.
I The CHAIRMAN was of opinion, he said, that
I the remarks of the gentleman were relevant and in
j order.
I Mr. CROWELL could not refrain, he pro-
ceeded to say, from expressing the surprise which
he felt that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Chandler] should appear to magnify into an im-
portance which did not really attach to them, the
constitutional objections which had been raised,
and which had been triumphantly answered and
overwhelmed in the debate to which this bill had
given rise. It would be invidious to make such
discriminations 
The hammer fell.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Chandler, and the vote was announced.
Tellers were called for and ordered,and Messrs.
Fuller, of Maine, and Gould, of New York,
were appointed.
And the question being again taken, the vote
: stood—ayes 57, noes 58.
No quorum voting.
A call of the roll was demanded.
Several other members voted, and a quorum had
then voted.
The precise vote was not heard,but the amend-
ment was declared to have been rejected.
Mr. WOODWARD moved to amend the sec-
tion, by striking out the following words:
"To the best of his or her knowledge or every person
belonging to such lamil.y, in the various particulars required
in and by this act and the tables thereto subjoined,5' &e.
And by inserting the following words:
" Of the number of persons belonging to his family, dic-
tinguHhing between free persons and slaves or persons held
to service."
Mr. W. said, it was a great mistake to suppose
that he was averse to letting the wealth of the coun-
try be fully inquired into, especially that of the
South, which had hitherto remained unknown. He
had entertained views and wishes the very opposite
of this. This was so well known, that, at an early
period of the session, a distinguished friend had sug-
gested to him (Mr. W.) the propriety of his being
placed at the head of a special committee to which
many desired to have the census bill referred. I
(said Mr. W.) consented at once to become a
member of such committee; and this being made
known to a distinguished statistician of this city,
he sought my acquaintance, and we appointed an
evening for meeting at my lodgings, with a view to
construct the most ample tables of eveiy descrip-
tion. My solicitude was that the tables should
be complete in every respect. Sickness prevent-
ed him from meeting me. In the mean time I
looked into the Constitution, to see how far Con-
gress might go, intending to carry it3 powers to
their full extent. But the result of the investiga-
tion was a speedy conviction that there existed no
power except to enumerate inhabitants.
Mr. W. said he was perfectly willing that the
censor might ask any question of the people, in a
proper way, and collect any information that might
be satisfactory to the country, and which the peo-
ple mij<ht choose to impart; but he objected stren-
uously to sending out an officer, armed with au-
thority, to demand, and, by legal penalties, extort,
answers to any questions this Government might
choose to put.
The honorable chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee (continued Mr. W.) may be correct "in sav-
ing that I gave a vote, last session, inconsistent
with my present views. The bill of last session,
relative to a Census Board, attracted little atten-
tion. It passed, probably, like many other bills,
by ten votes, or two votes, or possibly, no vote
at all, except the Speaker's announcement, 44 The
ayes have it."
My attention was never before drawn to this
question. The course of the Government had
j misled me. But let the precedents against me, if 1
i there be any, ^o for just what they are worth,
j The question was taken, and the amendment
i was rejected.
Mr. DUER moved to amend the section in the
tenth line, after the word 44 subjoined," by addiri"
the words, 14 except tables five and six." ^
Mr. DUER, m explanation, said that the in-
formation sought m the four first schedules was such
as, in his opinion, Congress had not oniy n clear
r^ht to require, but such as might be highly use-
ful. But he thought that the information sought
in tables live and six had but a very distant refer-
ence to any legislative duties whie^ Congress
i might be called upon to perform; and that some
I of the interrogatories were of such a nature that
i he did not think it proper to enforce an answer to
them by penalties.
Mr. CROWELL (on a pro forma amendment)
; said he could discern nothing under Heaven in the
I amendment of the gentleman from New York,
  [Mr. Duer,] but an attempt to pay homage to the
! constitutional objections which had been made to
' the passing this bill.
Now, if there was no constitutional power to
i pass the bill, let them say so, and vote it down; if
there was constitutional power, let the penalty
stand to enforce it—for if the bill was constitu-
tional they had the power to enforce it. He was
! not willing:, by his vote, to place upon the statute
book an act of Congress that he confessed was not
constitutional—that he was not willing to enforce
by suitable penalties; and that was the object, the
sole object, of this amendment. If they had the
constitutional right to pass the bill, let them say
so, and enforce it after it was passed; if they had
not the constitutional right, let them vote it down.
For his own part, he believed that the information
j sought to be obtained was legitimate. He believed
i in the constitutional power of Congress to collect
it; and he was not willing to discriminate by ap-
plying a penalty to one part of the bill, while they
shrank from applying it to the whole of it, and be-
cause by so doing they said one part was constitu-
tional and the other part was not constitutional.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Duer, was taken and decided in Lhe negative—
ayes 58, noes 69.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SWEETSER said, tf it was in order he
would move to except schedule five from the pen-
alty proposed by this section.
The CHAIRMAN stated that it would be in
order.
Mr. SWEETSER made that motion.
He said he intended to give the bill substantially
j his support, but 
| Mr. HOUSTON rose to a question of order. He
| did not wish to interrupt the gentleman from Ohio
j in his remarks, but it occurred to him that the pro-
, visions of the 16th section did not apply to this
i (5th) schedule. If it should appear that it did not
j apply, of course the motion which the gentleman
j made was immaterial and a mere nullity. He
i thought if the gentleman would glance at the sec-
' tion he would find that it did not apply to the in-
! quiries proposed by the 5th schedule.
I The CHAIRMAN said, that what the gentle-
' man from Delaware stated might be an argument
| against the amendment, but the Chair could not de-
termine the construction of the section, or rule the
1 amendment out of order on that ground.
; Mr. SWEETSER said, he undeistood this sec-
tion to apply to all the inquiries proposed by the
bill. He would state briefly his reasons for moving
to strike it out. As he had before said, he in-
tended to give this bill his support substantially;
' but at the same time he thought there were in
schedule five, questions which"might be denomi-
nated impertinent questions, relating to what were
called social statistics; and he wou!d call upon
gentlemen, especially those who represented the
New England States, where they had a creat
many ladies who were supposed to be over the
age of eighteen and under thirty, to defend their
fair constituents from the inquiries which were
required to be answered under a penalty.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, (interpo-
sing) said there was not one word in schedule five
in regard to the ladies.
Mr. SWEETSER said, if he was wroncr he
was happy to be corrected. He intended to apply
his remarks to what the gentleman considered the
social statistics.
Mr. THOMPSON said the inquiries as to a^e,
&c., were in schedule six.
Mr SWEETSER, You *ray apply my speech,
Mr Chairman, where you please, '
The CHAIRMAN, (mk-rpo-iin^,) The gen-
tleman's time is up. (Laughter ]
Mr. SW EEl'rfER said he would now move to
except fiotn the operation of tin* section, schedule
six.
I he point was made that that m'HioM not
in order after the votes whr,h had In n had.
Mr SVVEE I SRR said he would move, then, to
except schedule one.
He said he hoped the Chairman would not «uf-
