2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28.
happens to die the widow or children or legal rep-
resentatives shall be entitled to what he would
have been entitled to if still living.
Mr. WALKER. I have only to say that that
will give the bill much more extended operation
than I think the House of Representatives con-
templated.
Mr. DAWSON. I will only reply to that sug-
gestion that if we give the public lands for the
purpose of benefiting those who have fought the
battles of our country, we ought to give them to
all. As I have repeated twice already I believe
upon this floor, the widow and children of the
deceased soldier deserve, even more than the sol-
dier himself, the protection of this Government;
for while he is still living he has the power to pro-
tect and assist them himself.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, [ do not in-
tend to deny the doctrine of the Senator from
Georgia, that widows and children are more en-
titled to these lands than the soldier, but I pre-
sume that he does not intend to say that they are
so entitled because they are soldiers. Now this
bill proposes to give, land to soldiers, as a bounty ^
for their services. But the Senator from Georgia
says, why not give lands to all? Very well;
that is my doctrine precisely. I offered an
amendment the other day, when this bill was up
for consideration before, imbodying that doctrine;
but I believe' the Senator from Georgia voted
against that proposition. But, sir, this bill pro-
poses to go upon the principle of giving land to
the soldier because he is a soldier. These widows
and children are not soldiers; and for that reason
I am opposed to providing for them in this bill, or
at any rate upon that pretext. If we give them
the land at all, 1 propose giving it to them be-
cause they are entitled to it as a portion of the
people of the United States.
Mr. FOOTE. I am decidedly in favor of this
amendment. I could give reasons for it at large;
but £ will confine myself to reading a memorial
which I have in my hand, which bears directly
upon the point, and which i find the present, there*
fore, the best opportunity to present.
[Mr. F. here read the memorial referred to.]
•Such is the object of this memorial, and such are
the reasons which I would have given for the pro-
priety of this amendment. As it is, 1 will make
no speech upon the subject.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, T wish to call
the attention of the Senate to the amendment at
the 19th line of the 2d section, which has already
been acted upon by the Senate, which reads:
"But not to her heirs, nor to the heirs of such commis-
sioned or non-commissioned officer, soldier, or musician."
I believe that is the identical proposition of the
Senator from Georgia. If so, the Senate have al-
ready acted upon it, and done what is equivalent
t) rejecting the amendment. It is not, I presume,
the intention of the friends of this bill to provide
for a system of general land distribution, accord-
ing to the doctrine of my friend from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Walker.] The purpose I understand to be
to provide simply for those who have served their
country in the several wars which we have had.
Now it is proposed to give lands tofthe heirs ot
those who have served m any war, without respect
to their condition or necessities. It is not to those
who have been made orphans by that service, but
simply to those who can claim this distinction—
that they are descendants, no matter how remote,
of those who have been in the army, during any
of these wars. This bill includes the soldiers serv-
ing in Wayne's army m 1795. That war was half
a century ago. Few who served in it still survive.
The first generation of the descendants are now
old men. The second generation are also entered
upon the stage of action in the ordinary pursuits
of life, having in turn their own descendants. Now
we are called upon to give land to all the descend-
ants of those men, not because any of them have
done service to the country, but simply because
their fathers or grandfathers were engaged m that
war. But, sir, almost everybody is the decend-
ant of somebody who was engaged in some of
t iese wars. Probably every member of this Sen-
ate may be so descended; and if this amendment
should be carried out in the full sense of us terms,
it would be very nearly equivalent in effect to the
proposit-on of the Senator from Wisconsin. We
have dealt very hbetally with the revolutionary
soldiers by our pension system, but we have never
tnought of conferring pensions upon all their de-
scendants, merely by way of distinction; and yet
there is no reason why we should not do so, if this
principle is £ood.
Mr. DAWSON. There is a great difference
between the Senator from Michigan and myself.
I live in a State which was m existence during
the revolutionary war and the war of 1812; he
lives in one vfrhich is of a later day. The inhab-
itants of his State are the descendants, no doubt,
of those of the older States to a greaf extent; but
the widows and destitute orphans of those who
fought in those wars have not been in a condition
to emigrate to the West, and to secure themselves
homes in that new and flourishing country. They
arc still found among us; they are still m want;
and it is for their benefit that I am anxious that
this modification of the bill should take place.
There is also a strange discrimination made in
the bill between widows who marry again and
those who do not. If they get married, I suppose
that is to be their good fortune, and because they
are fortunate you deprive them of their rights.
This is unpardonable. Those who happen to be
old and ugly, and who consequently do not get
married, are favored. This is creating a distinc-
tion, an aristocracy, not of youth and beauty,
which might perhaps be tolerated, but of old age
and ugliness, which is intolerable. [Laughter.]
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the Senator from Georgia has not shown
that tact and judgment in framing this amend-
ment which usually distinguish him. He extends
it to all the legal representatives. Now that will
embrace collateral as well as lineal relatives.
A soldier of the war of 1812, you look to see first
if he has any children, and if he has none, then
if he has any grandchildren; and if these are
wanting, you go back to his parents and ascertain
if he had brothers or sisters; and if there are none
of these, then you go back to his grand-parents to
find what descendants of theirs are in existence;
and before you have done with it, you may find
that you are rewarding,the descendant of a rank
Tory of the Revolution. You may in this manner
be conferring these bounties upon a very unmeri-
torious class of persons. Besides, sir, under the
distribution of property which takes place by our
laws of descent, the right to these grants would
be split into a thousand divisions, and become
worthless to the grantees, while they would cause
endless vexation to the land office. I am opposed
to the whole thing. I aai certain that if the Sen-
ator from Georgia had properly reflected upon his
amendment, he would not have offered it in its
present form. I propose before I take my seat to
move an amendment to the amendment, which is
to strike out " legal representatives" and insert
" minor children."
Mr. BRIGHT. I think the fate of this meas-
ure depends upon two contingencies. The first
is, that the true friends of the measure sit still and
leave its enemies to debate it. The second is,
that every amendment now attached to the bill,
and which has been added to it since it came from
the House, should, when we go outof committee,
be stricken out, and that we pass the bill just as it
came from the House. 1 have believed eversmce
the bill was taken up in-the Senate thai the only
hope of passing the measure at this session at all
would flow from the course which I have indica-
ted. Entertaining that opinion, I have uniformly
voted against every amendment which has been
adopted, although there are several to which t
would gladly have given my support if 1 had had
my choice. 1 have uniformly voted against each
amendment, and shall continue to vote against
every amendment as it is offered, and when we
come out of committee I shall move and advocate
the rejecting of every amendment which has been
attached to the bill.
Mr. CASS. I merely rise to express my coin-
cidence in the views expressed by the honorable
Senator from Indiana. 1 Uo indeed hope tliat every
| friend of the bill will content himself with voting
i and not talk, and that we may at once come to a
! final vote upon the bill. The honorable Senator
fiom Georgia is not actuated by any desire topro-
! mote the bill. Do what we wiil for it, he will
| still vote against it.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator from Michigan
is mistaken, if he will put the wumen and chil-
dren in the bill, I declare to him in good faith that
1 will vote for it.
Mt. CASS. If 1 thought the bill could pass
with the amendment, I would myself cheerfully
vote for it. I merely want to make one other re-
mark. The Senator from Georgia asserts that
there are more of the widows and children of the
soldiers of the W&r of 1812 in the old States than
there are in the new. Let me tell him that he
cannot know that. I believe that no State would
exhibit a greater proportion of these persons than
Ohio and Kentucky. You and I, Mr. President,
know that fact—or I beg pardon for saying that
you know it, sir; you must have learned it as a
historical fact.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have avoided any discus-
sion upon this and other amendments for the rea-
son that it is my intention when the bill comes out
of committee to make a motion to get rid of all
the amendments. I state this to the friends of the
bill. That is my object and the reason why«a
avoid discussion. We have no time for discus-
sion.
Mr. WALKER. If that is the object of the
friends of this bill, let me tell them that tney can-
not pass it.
Mr. CASS. That settles the question.
Mr. WALKER. I say this with no ill feeling
towards the bill; but it is not just to the country,
it is not just to ourselves, it is not just to the indi-
viduals whom we propose to benefit, for gentlemen
to take the position that they will take the bill as
it came from the House, because they cannot pass
it in any other form, and that they will not delib-
erate on it as statesmen ought to do. As the bill
came from the House, it throws into circulation a
vast currency of land warrants or a&signats for the
purchase of public lands. 1 do sincerely hope
that the friends of the bill do not intend, when the
bill'comes into the Senate, to strike off the amend-
ments which the committee have reported, and
leave these land warrants to be negotiated and pass
into the hands of speculators, and not turn at all
to the benefit of those contemplated in the bill.
That is what I object to. Gentlemen may suppose
that I am actuated by deadly enmity to this bill:
but they are entirely mistaken. I will say to the
special friends of this bill, that if they class me
among the enemies of the bill, they are mistaken.
Whatl wish to avoid is, to pre'vent a peculiar
species of currency from being created which will
be especially injurious to the western States, and
rather than see that done, I would see the bill fail.
The Senator from Michigan says " that settles it."
I will tell him that if an- effort is made to press
this bill through without discussion, and without
proper amendments, I will make my words good,
idid not mean to say dictatorially that my voice
would settle it, as the Senator from Michigan in-
tended to intimate. But, sir, 1 can keep on my
feet and talk as long us any other man upon this
floor, of my physical ability; and I will tell the
honorable Senator that rather than see a rank in-
justice done to the people, to the benefit of the
speculator, 1 will exert that power. Gentlemen
may speak as slightingly as they choose, but they
will find, if they undertake a legislation to flood
the country with a vicious circulation, and to put
the gag into our mouths, aft the halter upon our
necks, and to drag us into the measure, that there
are minds that can be excited, and means that can
be used to defeat the intention, little as they may
be respected. For one, sir, I am determined to
defend the policy which I think is right. Gentle-
men may, tor the purpose of passing an "old sol-
diers' bill," and for electioneering themselves into
favor over the* country, do an injustice if they
please; but I*hope that there are others who will
not enter into the project, i hope, sir, the amend-
ment which I have offered will be adopted, and
that it will be acceptable to the Senatorfrom Geor-
gia himself: that is to strike out the words " legal
representatives," and insert " minor children."
Mr. CASS. Mr. Ptesident 
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 only want to say one word.
Mr. CASS. It is only one word that i want to
say. [Laughter.] I want to say 3imply that the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin has shown a
wonderful degree of zeal, which, so far as respects
me, was, I think, quite unnecessary. He said
that this bill siiould not pass; and I said that
settles it.
Mr. WALKER. It was the manner in which
it was said.
Mr. CASS. I do not know bow that is. It is
a very strange thing for any gentleman to get up
here and tell the Senate lhat a bill shall not pass.
