1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
fer his time to be taken up upon questions of
order. He was about to proceed to state, that
those gentlemen who represented the New Eng-
land Siates, it seemed to him, should defend their
constituents from the impertinent inquiries of that
schedule.
Mr. VINTON (interposing) rose, he said, to a
question of order. He should he very glad to
hear his colleague, but he thought this was a new
mode of evading the rule, to which he felt bound
to object. It was very apparent that if a gentle-
man was allowed to move one amendment after
another, for the purpose of continuing his re-
marks, it would delay and defeat action.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no hesita-
tion in saying that it is an abuse of the rule.
Mr. SWEETSER. I don't intend toabusethe
rule or the old maids either, and I will sit down.
He accordingly withdrew his amendment and
resumed his seat.
Mr. MARSHALL moved an amendment to
strike out the entire section.
It was a section (said Mr. M.) only of penal-
ties; and the pith of the section was the imposition
of a fine of $30 upon any individual in the country,
over twenty years of age, who might decline to
answer all the questions put to him or her l.y the
assistant marshals. He had no objection to ta-
king the social statistics of the country in order to
meet the views of gentlemen from various sec-
tions; but he had decided objections to enforcing
that duty upon the people by the imposition of a
penalty of $30 upon eao,h person who refused to
answer the various inquiries which might be pro-
pounded to them by the assistant marshals. In
fact, he doubted very much the right of Congress
to impose this penalty. If they passed this section,
and lfit was carried out in the samespirit, we would
have actions of debt brought to recover this penalty
in half the cities, towns, and villages of the country.
The assistant marshal, under this bill, had the
right to put these questions to any person over
twenty years of age, in any family; if, therefore,
upon visiting a house, he found the father absent
from home, he might put the question to the eldest
daughter, [a laugh,] and in case she declined to
answer any one of them, she was to be liable to be
brought up before a court of justice upon an action
of debt to recover this penalty of §30. So far as
he was concerned, he wished the com-nittee to
vote upon the question, whether they would im-
pose any .penalty at all; he therefore moved to
strike out the entire section.
He wi'hdrew the motion at the request of Mr.
Houston, to enable him to make a few remarks.
Mr. HOUSTON renewed the motion of Mr.
Marshall.
He said he wished to make a few remarks in
reference to this section. The views which he
took of the sections he had intimated m the point
of order which he had raised upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sweet-
ser.] He did not consider that this section em-
braced ail of the schedules; it related only to the
enumeration of persons, and to the particular facts
in regard to persons, as age, &c. Now he was
entirely opposed to any penalty whatever. He
entirely concurred with the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky, who, in the first instance, had
moved to strike out this section. He (Mr. H.)
did not believe any penalty would be necessary;
and furthermore, he believed if any person should
be found contumacious, unwilling to answer these
interrogatories, that no penalty of $30 would con- j
strain them to answer. lie had no idea that there |
would be a single prosecution under this bill for J
refusal to answer the questions. |
But there were matters of inquiry which were
certainly improper. Allusion had been made to !
the fact that some persons—a certain class of the :
female sex—might have a delicacy in respect to
answering inquiries as to their age. They knew
that that class would be less likely to answer, if
thev found that the Congress of the United States j
had, in anticipation of their refusal to answer, i
provided for the imposition of a penalty of $30
upon them. They knew enough of the spirit by
which they were often governed to know that they
would laugh to scorn this penalty.
Inquiries were also to be made of each family
as to the number of deaths within the family, the
cause, &e. He intended no indelicate allusions,
but it was known that there were some individuals
in the United States who terminated their earthly
career under circumstances whic^their friends did
not wish to be known; or, if known, which they
would feel a strong repugnance to being called upon
by the agent of the Government to state, to be
published to the country. A case had recently
occmred which had enlisted a deep interest through-
out the whole country. Suppose the individual
who had been convicted of a htgh crime were to
suffer the penalty of the law; must the weeping
wife and children have their feelings tortured by
inquiry from the federal officer as to the cause of
the death of their husband and father, and be re-
quired, under penalty, to enter upon the public
record the ignominious p'unishmentr It would be
the duty of the assistant marshal to ask the ques-
tion, and if it were riot answered, to prosecute the
person for the penalty.
He repeated that he believed the penalty of
thiity dollars to be wholly unnecessary—unneces-
sary even to procure an enumeration of the inhab-
itants of the United States. But he did not believe
that any persons would refuse to respond to these
inquiries; and if they did refuse, no such threat-
ened penalty would compel them to a compliance
with the requirements of the law in this respect.
The que^ion being on the amendment of Mr.
Marshall, xo strike out the section—
Mr. KERR moved to amend the section by in-
serting in the second line, after the word ''twenty,"
the word "five "
Mr. K. said, in moving to amend this section,
his object was simply to state his impressions
in reference to these social statistics, to which so
much objection from various quarters has been
made. These tables, it was alleged, had arisen
from a morbid desire of scrutinizing into details
unworthy of a judicious legislation. Such an idea
was unjust, he thought, to the various committees
through which this census bill had passed in re-
view; it was unjust to the enlightened age in which
we live. They do notgo beyond what was strictly
proper, and he was ready to declare, that he re-
garded them important in the highest degree, and
having most beneficent purposes, as their end and
aim.
Let this information, he said, be obtained; let
this bill be carried out in its integrity; let the
sources of disease be accurately spread before the
people, and in less than ten years such benefits
will have been realized, that the inquiries under
the next census will be carried much further than
seems now to he consistent with a solemn sense of
duty to our constituents.
Just previously to 1820, agricultural statistics
began to attract the attention they deserved from
the scientific men of the day, and hence it was that
our legislation sought to keep pace with the age.
The census bill for the then coming decade natu-
rally caught the spirit that was rife over the world,
and agricultural tables were needed and given. In
progress of time, science applied itself to the eluci-
dation of other subjects, and bills of moitality were
madfe subsidiary to high and noble purposes.
Commerce, with its insurance principles, gave the
hint to benevolcnce, and much good was effected
in averting calamities from the existence of dis-
ease. Members seem to have lost sight of all that
the last quarter of a century had brought out in view
of prolonging human life. There had been a vast
amount of investigation to ascertain and to correct
existing evils. Deeply sensible of these results j
must a large portion of the people have become,
who were doomed to trades and professions hos-
tile to human life. Who will pretend to number
the thousands who have been indebted to Sir
Humphrey Davy for their rescue from immediate
death, before his simple invention, almost inevita-
ble among miners. The wiregause piotection m
the manufacture of delicate steel articles has se-
cured health and longevity, where ail before was
death and despair. These artisans and mechanics
were fl&rced into employments with death staring
them in the face; they were literally led to the
slaughter, and in this only means of livelihood,
they were constantly hearing a death knell. Will
gentlemen be insensible to the fact, that from the
simple statistics given out by scientific men from
time to time, so many have now support and com-
fort for themselves and families. Only one or two
instances need be stated, and thus we may learn
the good results of all such statistical matters, that
have drawn down so much contempt and vitupera-
tion. The intelligence of the House need not be
insulted by a reference to the labors of a surgeon
in our army. Beaumont, in his experiments and
observations, has done much for the cause of the
general health.
He now withdrew his motion.
Mr. MARSHALL again withdrew his amend-
ment at the request of
Mr. CARTTER, who renewed it, he said, without
any serious purpose of having the section stricken
out, but for the simple purpose of expressing this
conviction, that in belaboring this bill, gentlemen
had begun at the wrong end of it. Gentlemen
proposed to distinguish between the penalties to
be imposed upon the failure to answer the differ-
ent inquiries. Now there were some features in
the schedules which he would vote to strike out
entirely. But it appeared to him to be the part of
wisdom to appropriate uniform penalities to the
failure to answer these different interrogatories,
and that the operation of a distinction between that
class of information which was to be obtained
under the sanction of a penality and that wftich
was to be obtained without a penalty would be
to render all that portion of the information which
they got without it unreliable. It would be redu-
cing the information to be derived under the bill
to the precise condition that had been prophe-
sied by -some of the enemies of the measure, "who
had declared that the information obtained under it
would not be reliable. There were some gentle-
men on this floor who said that the bill could not be
executed, that it could not be submitted to: there
were others who said it was not within the ca-
pacity of the marshals to perform their duties, or
within the capacity of the citizens to reply to the
interrogatories. Now, if this were true it appeared
to him that the attack should be made upon the
schedules themselves, and not by an attempt to dis-
tinguish between the penalities." This being his
view of the case, he should vote to maintain the
bill entire.
He would make a single remark to the impos-
sibility, the impropriety of requiring the seques-
tions to be put. The gentleman from Delaware
had alluded to a case which had excited great
attention, and was now the cause of agony through-
out the United States. The inquiries did not refer
to this class of cases; they referred to natural
death, not to judicial murder. It proposed to com-
mit the duty of administering the law to American
freemen, who would act under the responsibility
of their oath, and not with the view of harrowing
up the feelingsof parties who were distressed. But
he could say to the gentleman, however, that the
bill ought to provide some method or other of as-
certaining the criminal statistics of the country;
and in all instances of the character referred to
by him there, sufficient light would readily be
thrown upon the subject without asking the be-
reaved wife or orphan child.
Mr. HOUSTON explained that he had no ob-
jection to the collection of the criminal statistics of
the country, but they ought to be collected from
the criminal records, and not,as this bill proposed,
from the crushed and broken-hearted families.
Mr. CARTTER, in conclusion, repeated his
conviction that the sanction should be uniform.
The moment they made a distinction between one
inquiry and another, that moment they destroyed
the value of the information which they sought to
collect under that branch of inquiry from which
they removed the penalty,and no reliance could be
placed upon it 
The hammer fell.
The question wa^ taken on the amendment of
Mr. Marshall, and was decidcd in the negative.
So the committee refused to strike out the sec-
tion.
Mr. HARALSON suggested, that inasmuch as
section sixteen referred to the tables subjoined,"
it seemed to him to be legitimate and proper to
consider those tables now. In order to have the
question before the committee, he would move to
strike out tables five and six, (of social statistics.)
He submitted that he had a right to do this; that
the consideration of the tables in connection with
the section which referred to them, was not only
proper, but necessary to enlightened legislation.
Mr. VINTON inquired of the Chair, whether
amotion had not been already made, and voted
down, to strike out this sixteenth section ? If so,
he submitted that a motion to amend it was not in
ord'r.
The question of order was not insistsd on.
1 he CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment of the
