_
2002'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 26,
from the House. As the bill came from the House
of Representatives, it was comparatively reason-
able; as it stands now, I confess I cannot under-
stand it myself. I hope the question will be taken
upon all the amendments together.
The PRESIDENT. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr.SHIELDS. Ifany one wishes to reserve
an amendment, I hope he will designate it and re-
serve it. I suggest this merely for the purpose of
saving time.
Mr. HALE. I wi3h to reserve the amendment
relating to granting lands to sailors. I do not
want that mixed up with anything else.
Mr. DAWSON. The ri<*ht of the widows and
children I wish to have acted upon separately.
Mr. RUSK. I do not intend to detain the Sen-
ate; but I desire to say that if we had time to ac-
complish the object and pass these amendments,
though 1 do not believe we have, I would vote for
all those sought to be reserved. It seems to be the
opinion of those who have charge of the bill that
.we cannot pass the bill at all, if any amendments
are retained. In the shape in which it came from
the House of Representatives, 1 am in favor of it.
I am also in favor of these amendments, but they
are of such a character that they can well be the
subject of legislation hereafter. It is not more than
sixty or seventy days before Congress meets again.
Who is there that would vote against widows and
children ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (in his seat.) What
can you do for them ?
Mr. RUSK. We can put them in a separate
bill at the next session of Congress; and they can
go over to the next session just as well as hereto-
fore.
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) Why cannot the
men go over as well as the women and children ?
Mr. RUSK. There is just this difference: If
you pass these amendments now, they defeat the
bill. But if you pass the bill as it came from the
House, you guaranty the passage of the other bill
at the next session of Congress. With thig view,
I shall vote against all the amendments.
Mr. HALE. J do not mean to make a speech.
I will limit myself to three or at any rate to five
minutes. I do protest with all earnestness against
this principle, if these amendments are right. If
it be right to give the land to the soldiers, the
widows, and the orphans, why shall the sailors, fhe
widows, and the orphans who cannot go to the hal-
lot-box be postponed for a living solcher that can ? I
do not see any reason, sir. There is no reason.
If the thing is just, let us do it; if it is unjust, let
us refuse to do it. The men can wait as well as
the women; the men can wait as well as the chil-
dren. Who would refuse to do justice, from fear
that if we do justice we shall be defeated in the
other House? i have conversed with one or two
gentlemen who take an interest in this matter, and
who belong to the other House, and they tell me
that the amendment for the sailors will not defeat
the bill; that it will help it. The question will be,
whether you will allow the House to concur with
this amendment If they do concur, it is all very
well, and the bill may be passed without any ob-
jection in the House. If they non-concur, they
will send the bill back to see if we will insist upon
it. I hope that every one who considers the amend
ment right will stand by it, now and forever
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have been a
little surprised at the argument made sometimes in
debate that amendments should be rejected, and
that provisions should be contended for, because
they increase the popular feeling. Tl\ere is noth-
ing in it. It is perfectly unfounded. The soldier
has no more a vote than the sailor. The soldier
must leave the service before he can vote; and
when the sailor leaves the sea he can vote. And
still more is it unfounded in relation to the widows
of soldiers. The bill as it stands provides for ^ie
widow and orphans of the soldier; and the ri^ht
would only be lost when the widow dies. Now,
I ask, wno is it that is seeking votes ?—those who
strive to extend the right after the widow has be-
come the wife of a living man, or those who seek
to confine it to the widow when she has no husband
and no votes? I repel the insinuation. It lies on
the other side altogether.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am surprised at the re-
marks of my friend over the way. There are nine
persons out of ter^ that wiH receive the benefits of
(his bill that are at home by their own firesides,
and have been for ten or twenty years. They
have been soldiers, and they are now a voting pop-
ulation. There can be no mistake about this.
The sailor on board his ship at sea and the soldier
in bis camp upon the frontier are not voters while
they are in actual service. But, whether soldier
or sailor, if he has received his discharge and gone
into private life, he is provided for in this bill,and
he is a voter'. They are at home. Ninety-nine
"hundredths of all the volunteers both in the war of
1812 and in the Mexican war, as well as in the In-
dian wars, are now at home. My friend has not
examined these matters as I have done. The po-
sition is true as regards the-saiior and soldier when
in actual service, but a tithe provided for in this
bill are not in actual service.
The first amendment, accepted by Mr. Dawson,
was stated as follows:
" Section 1, line 3, insert, after the word «surviving,' the
following: 'or the widow or minor children of deceased.'"
Mr. TURNEY moved to amend the amendment
by striking out the word " minor" before 44 chil-
dren."
The question being taken, upon the division
the amendment was rejected—ayes 12, noes not
counted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays upon the question of concurrence with the
amendment accepted by Mr. Dawson; which
were ordered, and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Berrien,'
Butler, Chas!', Clarke, Cooper, Davis of Massachusetts,
David of Mississippi, Dawson, Dickinson, Dodge o{ Wis-
consin, Downs, Foote, Gieene, Hale, Hamlin, Houston,
Mason, Morton, Norris, Pearee, Pratt, Seward, Spruanee,
£5tnr2*>oM, Ttnney, Undeiwood, Wales, Walker, Winthrop,
and Ynlee—34 <
N \ YS—•Mi-S'srs. Atchison, Bright, Cas<i, Dodge of Iowa,
Ewmg, Feich, Fremont, Jones, Rusk, Shields, Smith, and
Whitcosnb—12.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CASS suggested that the amendments be
allowed to go without oppositi <n. This vote had
decided their fate.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have no objection. I am
willing that the vote should be taken upon them
all.
Mr. WALKER. I can assure my friend that
this bill will get seven votes in the House which it
would have lost if that amendment had not been
concurred in.
Mr. HALE. I want the sailor voted upon sep-
arately. I do not want him to be mixed up with
anything else.
Mr. EWINGr. I wish to say that I should have
voted for the last amendment, but for the reason
that a single amendment would send the bill to the
other House; but as it is now necessary that it
should go 'back, it may as well go back in any
form as with but one amendment. As it is now,
I am content that all the amendments should be
voted in which were adopted in committee. I
shall vote for them all if presented together. Let
us waste no time upon them.
Mr. BRIGHT. To prevent the vote I have
given from being misunderstood, I wish to say
that I am in favor of the principle involved in that
amendment. I wished no amendment to be made
to the bill, or 1 should have voted for that amend-
ment. I am willing now to vote for the amend-
ments, one after another, or all together. Iuis im-
material. !
Mr. HALE. I am going to suggest that the j
most effectual way to show a man's friendship for j
a measuie is to vote for it. One vote is worth half j
a dozen speeches. If I am in favor of a measure, ;
I vote for it. Votes are worth something, while |
speeches cost but very little. I hope those who ■
are in favor of the amendments will vote for tiiem I
and stick to them. j
Mr. RUSK. I will make no apology for giving j
the vote which I gave. I am not alarmed at the :
annunciation of the Senator from New Hamp- j
shire. So far as I am knowg, everybody knows ;
that I am favor of the women and children as ,
much as the men." [Laughter]
Mr. BENTON. 1 voted in favor of concurrence
without suspecting that there would be such a con-
sequence attached to it. I therefore move a recon-
sideration; and I shall vote against it in tha< point
of view.
The question being taken, the Senate refused to
reconsider.
The question was then stated upon all the amend-
ments, excepting that reserved by-Mr. Hale.
Mr. PEARCE asked to have his amendment
excepted.
My. SEWARD requested .that his own should
also be excepted.
After a few moments consultation, aft the reser-
vations were waived.
Mr. BRIGHT. Soon after I had made the re-
marks I made a few moments since, the Senator
from New Hampshire |Mr. Hale] stated that the
proper way was for a Senator who wasjn favor of
a measure to vote for it, and not to offer apologies
for voting against it.
Mr. HALE, (interposing.) Why,, Mr. Pres-
ident, I said no such thing at all—nothing like it.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator Crom New
Hampshire must not interrupt the speaker.
Mr BRIGHT. I wish to hear an explanation*
if the Senator desires to offer one.
Mr HALE, i said that when f wished to show
-my friendship for a measure, I voted for it, and
that one vote was worth half a dozen speeches.
Mr. BRiGflT. It was intended, of course, as
an indirect lecture to those of us who voted against
the amendment, although we were in favor of the
principle in a different shape. It either meant
that, or it meant nothing. I concur in the view of
the gentleman, and only regret that that Senator,
this session, has made common war upon every
principle that looked to a general adjustment of
the unfortunate questions which disturbed and agi-
tated the country, and when the voting was to be
done left for his home, and left the residue to settle
the question.
Mr. HALE. I wish to state that I staid here
until every question was settled, but the fugitive-
slave bill, and recorded my name upon aif the
measures.
The question being then token, the amendments
of the committee were concurred in.
Mr. MASON. I am obliged now, sir, to offer
the amendment which was rejected in committee
by a small minority of the Senate, in relation to
the military land warrants of Virginia. The ques-
tion was then discussed and its merits understood;
and from the tenor of the debate I understand that
the greatest objection made to it was from the fear
that it would kill the bill to incumber it with any
amendments. Since then I have been gratified by
receiving the assurance of the Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass,] and I believe'also of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] the chief patrons of
the bill, that if any amendments were adopted to
the bill, they should allow this to be adopted, so
far as they were concerned. I offer fhe"amend-
ment now in the Senate. It comes in as an addi-
tional section.
The amendment was read, as follows:
"Sec. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That all unsatisfied
outstanding land warrants which have been he etotore
issued, such as may issue on claims allowed before the
passage of tins act, and the residue of ai! such warrants as
have been partly satisfied under the provisions of the see-
j ond section of an act appropriating for the civil and diplo-
i malic expenses of the Government, passed third March,
j eighteen hundred aitd thirty-five, and Isave been issued by
i th^ State of Virginia, under the Jaws thereof, for services
performed iti the war of the Rcvolutron, may he surrendered
to the Secretary of the Interior within two years Ironi the
passage of this act; and it shall be the duty ot said Secre-
tary lo issue thereupon to the owners of such warrants
scrip at the rate of one dollar and twenty-five emits per
acre for each acre called for by said warrant; which scrip
shall he receivable m payment for any lands subject to sale
at private entry in the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, and* Wisconsin, and shall, moreover, be assign-
able by endorsement, attested by two witnesses. In issu-
ing said scrip, the said Secretary is authorized, where there
are more persons than one interested in the same warrant
or tract, to issue ft each scrip for his of her portion, and
where infants, or fenunes coverts, may be entitled to scrip
; under thfcact, the guardian of the infant, and the husband
of the femme, may receive and dispose of the same."
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays
upon the amendment, remarking that it proposed
to establish paper currency.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, when this
question was before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, I objected to the adoption of the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Masok.] The subject-matter of that amendment
was, at an early period of the session, referred to
the Committee of Claims. That committee au-
thorized a bill to be reported to the Senate, to pro-
vide foi" the satisfaction of all these warrants whi.ch
were issued prior to the year 1793; but ihey were
opposed to making any provision for warrants is-
sued subsequently to that time. In my opinion,
the decision of the committee wa3 correct. The
