908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] out of j
order.
Mr. HARALSON appealed from the decision. '
The committee was now, he said, legislating in
reference to the schedules, and the question before
them had direct reference to those schedules; and
although they were separated by the committee in
their report, yet there was an inseparable connec-
tion between the section and the tables—the latter,
in fact, becoming-a part of the section itself. He
trusted that the decision of the Chair would be
overruled, that the committee might thus get at
the tables, and legislate intelligently.
Mr. STRONG suggested, that if the idea of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] was
'correct, the tables were a part of the section;
inseparably connected with it. The committee
had already legislated in relation to them.
The CHAIRMAN said, that the only way by
which a moiion could be entertained to strike out
the*tables would be, first, to add them as part of
the section. The motion to strike out, therefore,
was not in order.
Mr. HARALSON, although, he said, he be-
lieved his position to be correct, withdrew the
So the appeal was withdrawn.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, inquired of the
Chair, whether an amendment was now in order?
The CHAIRMAN said the section was still
open to amendment.
Mr. McLANE moved to amend the section, by
striking out the following words:
"In the various parti ulars required in and by thi3 act,
and the tables thereto subjoined."
Mr. McLANE, in explanation of the amend-
ment, said that the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary [Mr. Thomson] had stated that he
did not regard the penalties as applicable to any
questions in the schedules, except so far as they
related to persons. This declaration had been
made by that gentleman when explaining his own
bill. Now, the bill was manifestly liable to a dif-
ferent construction. It might be understood to
apply to all the schedules; and m order to make
the point entirely clear and right, and that it might
conform to the construction Which the gentleman
himself had said he intended it should bear, he
(Mr. McL ) had offered his amendment The
amendment would have the effect of confining the
penalty to the provision which required the heads
of families to give a true account of persons in
their families. If it was the intention of the com-
mittee that such should be the practical operation
of the bill, why did they not make that intent i
so clear that there could be no misapprehension !
about it? He addressed 'he point to the gentleman j
from Ohio, who would have the penalty attached j
to all the schedules—that such was not the inten- j
tion of the bill or of the committee who had re- '
ported it. Why, then, should they insist upon '
retaining language which was thus liable to mis-
construction ' j
Mr. MrL. withdrew his amendment. ;
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, renewed '
it pro forma. j
Mr. T. was about to proceed with his remarks, j
when !
Mr. CONGER interposed to a question of ord^r. !
Several amendments, he said, had been offered to
the section now under consideration, and had been !:
voted down. A motion had then been made to <i
strike ouf the section, which motion had been re- i
jpctea. He submitted to the Chair, therefore, that
no motion to amend was now in order.
Mr. VfNTON, remarking that this was the
point of order to which he had called the attention
of the Chair a short time since, asked the reading
of a paragraph from the 170th page of the Manual
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, submitted to the !
Chair, that the point of order was made too late. ;
The amendment had been received and entertained !
by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN sfid, the Chair desired that :
some definite decision should be made on the point ,
of order.
The, paragraph was then read, as follows:
" When it iv< proposed to amend by inserting a pniagrajri), ■;
or n m of one, the friend* of the paragraph, may make it n,
p-rfoet as they can bv amendments, before the" que-tion '!
put for HHeruna u. Ii jt b'3 received, it cannot be amended I
afterwards in tl>o ««ame -taae ; beo«ns<  the Huuse has on a '
vote, agreed to it in thnr form. In lik* manner if >t i- pro- ':
posed to amend by sinking out a paragraph, the friend-* of ;'
the paragraph are firbi to make ti as perfect as they can by ,J
amendments, before the question isputforstrtking it out. If
on the question it lf& retained, it cannot be amended after-
wards : bucmi-ro a vote against striking out is equivalent to
a vote agreeing to it tn that form."
The paragraph having been read—
The CHAIRMAN said that this authority was
very clear, and vet*y clearly stated. The Chair
would, therefore, overrule its own decision, and
decide the amen3ment of the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. McLane] to be out of order,
inasmuch as a motion to strike out the section
had been made and rejected.
Mr. SWEETSER appealed from the decision.
And the question, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
was taken, and decided in the affirmative, without
a division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
And the amendment of Mr. McLane was not
entertained.
Mr. WOODWARD suggested to the Chair,
whether there was not«another parliamentary rule
by which verbal amendments might be made at
any time and under any circumstances. He
thought that the motion made was to make a mere
verbal amendment.
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chai^did not re-
gard the amendment as a verbal amendment.
So the section was passed over.
The 17th section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 17. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all fine? and
penalties herein provided for, may be enforced upon convic-
tion upon indictment m any court of the United Slates, of
competent jurisdiction, within the judicial district where
the offjnc^ was committed, or the fine* onlv m all cases,
except p-'rjury, may be sued for and recovered in said courts
m an action of debt, and the prosecutor bball be entitled to
one half the penalty.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, under in-
struction from the Committee on the Judiciary,
moved to amend the section, by striking oat the
! words, " upon conviction upon indictment in any
! i court of the United States, of competent jurisdic-
' tion, within the judicial district where the offence
; ' was committed, or the fines only in all cases, ex-
' cept perjury, may be sued for and recovered in
' * said courts in an action of debt, and the prosecu-
! ' tor shall be entitled to one half of the penalty,"
i and insert, "in the courts of the United States,
I * within the States or Territories where such offence
! 4 shall have been committed, or forfeiture incurred,
; lor before the judicial tribunals of any such State
! ' or Territory."
The question was taken and the amendment was
agreed to.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Messrs. MlLLSON,BOCOCK,MEADE
' and the CHAIR.
Mr. SWEETSER moved to strike out the sec-
j tion as amended.
Mr. S., m explanation of this amendment, said
; he had understood the chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Judteiary [Mr. Thompson] to say that
the penalty proposed did not apply to all the ques-
tions in the various schedules. He (Mr. S.)rhad
understood that gentleman also to say that the
point which he (Mr. S.) made a short time since
did not apply to the class of individuals to whom
he had referred. He would not discuss that mat-
ter now. But were all these questions to be en-
forced by penalties, and these penalties subjecting
the parties to indictment and trial in the courts of
the United States* He took thedistmction which
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Wood-
ward] had taken, that the Constitution authorized
Congress, in order to fix the ratio of repiesentd-
tion m this House, to take an enumeration of the
inhabitants, and that when they had gone so far
they had probably done all that was clearly author-
ized, though more might not probably be forbid-
den. Now, be was willing to compromise and go
further with othergentlemen. But when they came
to this table including social statistics, he protested
against the whole. He claimed that no such dis-
tinction could be taken between one class ofques-
tions and another. And unless some amendment
were made, he should vote against the entire lull
He commented upon the proposition to give half
the penalty to the informer, and he cited, as an
evidence of its oppressive operations, the case of
some New England lady, past the age of twenty-
five years, who had no father living, and she
might, under this section of the bill, be brought
up by some pettifogging lawyer who would ^re-
ceive half of the penalty.
Mr, 8. withdrew the amendment.
,j Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, renewed
!  it, and invited the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
1( Sweetser] to point out the part of the section
, in which he could find anything about an in-
dictment.
> Some conversation followed, Mr. T. explaining
I! that, under the amendment made by the Com-
|! mittee on the Judiciary and agreed to by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of Union,
that portion to which the gentleman excepted had
{ been stricken out; and that the Old Maid who had
j. so much enlisted the gentleman's sympathies was
not in fact in any such danger as the gentleman
had supposed.
,! Mr. SWEETSER. Does the gentleman mean
; to say that these penalties are not inserted in the
i bill, and will not be enforced ?
11 Some technical explanations, scarcely heard,
!> passed betweeen Mr. SWEETSER, and Mr.
THOMPSON.
j Mr. T. then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HIBBARD renewed the motion to amend.
,j He thought, he said, that his friend from Ohio
j| [Mr. sweetsett] manifested an undue anxiety in
|, regard to that very respectable class of persons in
■ ' New England, whom hedenominated "old maids "
|, His charity should begin at home. Mr. H. had a
l: high regard for this excellent class of citizens
]j wherever found; but there were, in fact, very few,
, if any, in New England. He did not know any
(: single lady there who ever arrived at the age of thir-
:j ty. Almost all the New England girls were mar-
I j ried long before that time. Those who are not, as
j' soon as they approach that age are transferred to
ji Ohio and other western States, where they com-
U mand a speedy market, generally obtaining the
I" very best husbands in the land.
Mr. H. then withdrew the amendment.
II Mr. McLANE moved to amend the section as
. amended, by inserting in the second line, after the
words " provided for," the words, " shall be con-
; sidered as applicable only to accounts rendered of
persons returned," &c.
Mr. McL. again adverted to the construction
which the chairman of the Committee on the
i Judiciary [Mr. Thompson] had put upon the bill,
" so far as concerned the extent of the applicability
\ of the penalties. There were most invincible
;; objections—there was a repugnance which could
1 not be overcome, to the bill as it now stood, on
both sides of the House. Of that fact there could
be no doubt.
Mr. McLANE, (at the request of Mr. Thomp-
son-,) withdrew his amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON renewed it. He said that
, the amendment, if adopted, would destroy all the
| value of the section. And he suggested to the
, gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane] so to
modify it as to say that nothing in this act con-
tained shall be understood as applying the pcnal-
' ties to refusals to answer any other questions than
those which render an account of persons returned.
If the gentleman would so modify the amendment,
he (Mr. T.) would vote for it.
Mr. McLANE modified the amendment.
Tellers (Mr. Hunter, of Ohio, and Mr. Hall,
' of Missouri, were appointed.)
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
I ayes 50, noes 64.
No quorum voting.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the motion could
not be entertained in the absence of a quorum vo-
ting, except by unanimous consent. By unani-
mous consent the tellers would take the \ote over
agun; there was but one member lacking to make
a quorum.
[Voices: "A gentleman is now voting."]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
vote now except by unanimous consent
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pcnn&yl vania, asked that
the teileis repoit
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers have reported—
ayes G4, iiops .">().
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the committee
rise.
The C H AIRM A N stal e<) again that the motion
rouid not be  received, except by unanimous con-
sent.
After further conversation—
The objection being withdrawn—
I he tellers again took the vote and reported —
ayes 51, noes 79—a quorum.
