1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
State of Virginia, during the revolutionary war,
raised troops on her quota of the Continental line;
she also raised troops on what was called her State
line; and she promised bounties for those who
served not less than three years or to the end of
the war, in the following latios: To major gener-
als, fifteen thousand acres of land; to brigadier
generals, ten thousand acres; to colonels, six thou-
sand six hundred and sixty-six acres; to lieutenant
colonels, six thousand acres; to majors, five thou-
sand three hundred and thirty-three acres; to cap-
tains, four thousand acres; to subalterns, two
thousand six hundred and sixty-six acres; to non-
commissioned officers, two hundred acres; and to
privates, one hundred acres, with an addition of
one-sixth more if they continued in service for a
period of six years. To pay these bounties, the
State of Virginia set apart in her territory, after-
wars ceded to the State of Kentucky, nine million
seven hundred and twenty eight thousand acres;
and to satisfy any deficiency that might occur, she
reserved, in her deed of cession of the Northwest-
ern Territory, three million seven hundred and four
thousand four hundred and eighty-four acres in
the State of Ohio, between the Little Miami and
Scioto rivers, for bounties to her troops of the
Continental line. In 1792, Virginia abandoned to
the State of Kentucky the land which she had
thus set apart within the limits of that State for the
payment of these bounties. The quantity of land
given up to Kentucky at that time amounted to
about eight millions of acres. Afterwards, when
the Ohio reservation was exhausted, Virginia ap-
plied to Congress for means to supply the de-
ficiency still remaining, and Congress has since
appropriated for that purpose scrip for land to the
amount of four hundred and sixty-four thousand
acres; and I am not sure that there may not have
been an additional grant since to the amount stated
in this estimate, "if not, however, it makes the
whole quantity that has been set apart by the State
of Virginia and by the United States, from which
these bounties.might have been satisfied, fourteen
million eight hundred and ninety-two thousand
eight hundred and forty acres. The quantity act-
ually taken up in the Slate of Kentucky for war-
rants granted to troops of the State line is, in round
numbers, one million of acres, and for those granted
to troops of the Continental line, seven hundred
and twenty-four "thousand acres. In Ohio there
have been appropriated for the payment of the
bounty to the Virginia troops of the Continental
line, three million four hundred and ninety-five
thousand acres. Add to this one million four hun-
dred and sixty thousand acres for the land scrip
issued prior to the year 1842, and it makes the
whole amount that has been disposed of for these
bounties offered by the State of Virginia to her
troops of the revolutionary war, six million six
hundred and seventy-nine thousand acres. By
the act of Congress of July 7, 1838, time was
given until August, 1840, to locate such of those
warrants as had not then been already located.
This act contained a proviso that no patent should
be issued for a greater quantity of land than the
rank of the officer might entitle him to, and that it
should not be issued unless satisfactory evidence
was furnished to the Secretary of the Treasury
that the services had been rendered. That clause,
however, was repealed by the act of March 3,
1839. The State of Virginia, by her local officers
intrusted with the performance of this duty, has
gone on from that time to the present issuing these
warrants upon evidence of a very.loose character,
and entirely different from that which was spe-
cifically provided for in her own act, under which
the legislation of Congress took place prior to the
year 1792. It was ascertained by a committee
which gave to this matter a most thorough exami-
nation about the year 1842, of which I believe the
Hon. Hiland Hall, of Vermont, was chairman,
that there had then been issued warrants to a much
larger amount than that to which the persons to
whom they were rightfully due could, by any pos-
sibility, be entitled. It was ascertained by an ex-
amination of the army rolls that there could not
have been more than four hundred and twenty of-
ficers in the State of Virginia who were entitled to
this bounty; whereas warrants had been actually
allowed, at that time, to the number of one thou-
sand and thirty. There has been a system of op-
erations going on in the State of Virginia, or at
least there had been prior to the time of this ex-
amination, for a series of years, through the agency
of individuals who engaged in it as a speculation,
by which, in my judgment, the most enormous
frauds have been perpetrated upon this Govern-
ment. By these operations warrants to a very
large amount have been obtained in Virginia upon
very slight evidence; and m pursuance of the then
existing laws they were recognized as being ob-
ligatory upon the Governmentof the JJnited States,
and were exchanged, in pursuance of the acts to
which I have alluded, for United States land scrip-
Sir, I believe it is time that we should stop. I be-
lieve that if there are warrants still outstanding,
which have been granted after the abundant op-
portunities given by the United States for their
presentation, they ought no longer to be regarded
as obligatory on this Government. The Govern-
ment of the United States have, from time to time,
as the statutes of limitation expired, extended them,
until we have now arrived at a period of nearly
severity years from the time these services were
persists in offering this amendment, it will so in-
cumber the bill as to produce the results that I
have predicted. It seems to me that the best pol-
icy will be to withdiaw this amendment now, and
let the bill I have alluded to be brought up at an
early period of the next session, when there will
be time to consider this subject in all its bearings
and dispose of it in a deliberate manner. I hope
this course will be taken. If it is not, I shall feel
myself constrained to vote against the amendment,
although I favored it the other day, when I thought
there was a prospect of having it attached to the
bill without producing the consequences which I
now fear will result from its adoption.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there is a very
wise Spanish maxim, which is often heard and
which 1 have frequently seen illustrated. It runs
thus: " God protect me from my friends, and I
will endeavor to take care of my enemies." Now,
the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. UN-
rendered; and it is quite time, in my judgment, |! derwood] avows himself a friend of this amend
that we should stop the recognition of these war-
rants, which have thus been issued to such an
enormous extent. The committee were willing
that provision should be made for any warrants
that had been issued prior to the year 1792, when
the eight millions of acres lying in Kentucky were
abandoned to that Stat>, because prior to that time
there was no evidence of, and probably little or no
opportunity for the commission of frauds; but
since that time the transactions have been such as
to induce the Committee of Claims to recommend
that Congress should mak£ no further provision
for those that have been subsequently issued.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I rise j
for the purpose of making an appeal to my friend j
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] to withdraw his amend- !
ment, because it is very manifest, from the remarks I
of the gentleman before me, [Mr. Baldwiv,] who j
has just taken his seat, that if this amendment  
should be adopted here and sent to the House of j
Representatives, it will in all probability excite
ment, and yet declares that he shall feel himself
| constrained to vote against it. With all the re-
1 spect which I certainly entertain for the honorable
Senator—and I have unbounded respect for the in-
' tegrity of his mind—yet in this instance I must
I be permitted to distrust the correctness of his judg-
( ment. And the honorable Senator from Illinois,
] [Mr. Shields,] and the honorable Senator from
I Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who appear to take the
I guardianship of this bill, must both feel themselves
I bound to vote against it, however much it may
j meet their approbation. To the honorable Sena-
! tor from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] who was
i friendly to this amendment, but opposes it now
because he believes it will defeat the bill, I must
repeat that although I have great respect for his
integrity, yet 1 must distrust his judgment, and 1
cannot accede to the wish he has expressed that I
should withdraw the amendment.
Now, sir, one word in reply to the honorable
SenatoT from Connecticut, [Mr. Baldwin ] He
discussion in that body, and thus injuriously affect ' said that a report which was made in 1842 declared
the bill. It was the subject of considerable discus- j! that there were not more than four hundred claim-
sion befoie the committee to which my fuend re- n ants really entitled to this military bounty, and
fers. That committee weie divided m opinion " that a much larger number.of warrants than that
respecting it. The majority, as 1 stated the other j had been issued. I suppose the Senator refera to
day, were opposed to the proposition, and my a report made in the other House by Mr. Hall, of
friend's speech contains their views upon the sub- j; Vermont. I ask the Senator if he has ever read
ject. Now, if we amend the bill by adopting this j! the very just and overwhelming rebuke which was
proposition, of which I am in favor, and it goes to !j made to that report in 1844 by the honorable Mr.
the House, there will be in all probability a dis- j! Hubard, a distinguished member from my own
cussion excited by it; and as the time of the ses- |j State, and in which every position of Mr. Hall
sion is now so near expired that there is no pos- ji was completely overthrown. Sir, Mr. Hall as-
sible chance to deliberate upon the subject, the j! sumed that there were some four hundred officers
consequence may be that the House will reject en '! entitled to this bounty, but it has since been shown,
masse all the amendments made by the Senate, and jj and it now stands upon the records of the other
send the bill back to us in its original form; and |J House, that upwards of one thousand were justly
the question then will be whether we shall insist entitled to it; and yet, after all this having been
on all the amendments or only a part of them. !■ shown, the honorable Senator from Connecticut
And I am not sure that it may not be the policy
of some members of this body to produce this very
result. It may be their policy to load down the
bill with amendments, in the hope that the House
will reject them e?i masse, and that the bill will
come back to us in the form in which it originally
passed the House. This course may be pursued
as a legislative expedient; but if it is, I hope it will
not prevail. I am sincere in voting for the amend-
ments we have already made, and 1 think the
House will be struck with the propriety of them
as soon as their character and objects are known;
but I am very certain that if this amendment offered
[Mr. Baldwin] brings up the statement of Mr.
Hall, for the purpose of throwing doubt and sus-
picion upon the validity of these claims. The re-
buke that was given to these misstatements, at a
subsequent session of Congress, in 1844, ought to
have put them at rest, inasmuch as it was shown
in the report of Mr. Hubard that the correct
number of officers to whom bounties were due was
one thousand and eighty-five. The reason why
Mr. Hall fixed the number at about four hundred
was, because he commenced his computation in
the year 1778, which was nearly four years after
the commencement of the revolutionary war and
by my friend from Virginia [Mr. Mason] should j- he made no allowance whatever for officers that
go to the House, it will produce an almost instan- ' U-J '  i-.h- j «.,,i ,„i,™„
taneous opposition. But I hope, for the sake of
saving the other amendments, and preventing the
consequences to which I have alluded, that this
amendment may be withdrawn. Now, 1 would
say to the Senator from Virginia that the bill on
this subject already reported at this session, and
which will lie over to the next session, occupies a
pretty prominent place upon the calendar; and I
propose to bring it up as soon as we meet two
months hence, or at the earliest opportunity after-
wards. This will give us time to enter fully into
the discussion of the question, and the whole mat-
ter can be disposed of deliberately, which cannot
be done at the present time. 1 think, therefore,
that we had better resist this amendment, unless
the policy be to so load down the bill with amend-
ments that the House may reject them all, and
had been killed or disabled in service, and whose
names did not appear on the muster-roll at the end
of the war.
Again: the honorable gentleman says that the
State of Virginia offered immense bounties—ten
thousand acres to a commander-in-chief, and so
on down to subordinates. Well, sir, she did offer
very large military bounties to those who would
engage in the services of the Revolution, and to this
day she receives the applause of her own citizens
and of the whole country for having done it. At
that time Virginia owned the whole western coun-
try; and, to bring out the strength and military
talent of the country, she offered these immense
bounties, being more than ten thousand acres, to
some of her officers,and soon by graduation down
to the subordinates. Her troops were not paid
this bounty by the confederation or associated
send us back a bill which will be just as odious as provinces, but they were paid it out of her own
when it first reached us. I think'that if my friend J property. She gave them that bounty out of her
