1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
The portion of the bill immediately under con-
sideration was section eighteen, as follows:
Sec. 18. Jbulbe it farther enacted That the marshals and
their as-isrants are hereby auth rized to transmit through
the Post Olfice any papers or documents relating to the cen-
sus, by writing thereon "official business, census" and
subscribing the ^ame with theaddition to his name of mar-
shal, or assistant, as the case may be; but this privilege
shall extend to nothing but documents and papers relating
to the census.
Which the Judiciary Committee proposed to
amend by adding the following;
" And for all &ueh matter thus passing through the mails,
the United States shall pay at the rate of pamphlet postage
to the Post Office Department, and at the same rate for all
cen-us matter passing through the mails under frank*"
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
vania, the amendment proposed by the committee
was amended by inserting the word half" before
the word " pamphlet."
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania some reason for the adoption
of this amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said' he
would give the gentleman the reasons: it might be
as well to state them.
In the first place, he would say, that under all
the census bills heretofore, at least those of 1830
and 1840, the postage had been paid to the Post
Office Department. They now proposed to lessen
the amount to be paid considerably below the
amount paid in 1840. The department encoun-
tered considerable additional expense in transmit-
ting through the mails the blanks and other cen-
sus papers. The Postmaster General in his re-
port had stated that fact, and asked that Congress
would make some appropriation to meet this ad-
ditional expense. He (Mr. T.) had therefore in-
troduced a provision for paying one-half of pam-
phlet postage. TheGovernment, if this proposition
were adopted, would pay for all the census matter
transmitted through the mails, by a strict calcula-
tion, about $12,01)0. If such provision were not
made, the whole burden of this matter would be
thrown upon the letters and newspapers, which
would prevent a reduction of the rates of postage.
He was desirous to see the rates of postage re-
duced; and he thought it proper that the Govern-
ment should pay for the transportation of this cen-
sus matter.
Mr. CARTTER inquired if the appropriation
as proposed, would entitle the postmasters to their
commissions upon the amount appropriated to pay
for the transportation of this fianked matter? if
so, he should vote against it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I sup-
pose it will not.
[The committee here rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
it> writing was received from the President of the
United States, by the hands of his private Secre-
tary, Colonel Bliss. The committee then resumed
its session.] -
Mr. JONES moved to substitute for the amend-
ment proposed by the Judiciary Committee the
words " may pass free,'" to come m after the word
census, in the original bill.
Mr. J. said it seemed to him a strange sort of
legislation, that Congress should say hy law, that
the Government of these United States should pay
the Post Office Department for carrying the instruc-
tions, blanks, &c., relative to the census. But
he asked the House, and especially the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary, if they would
seriously come up and call upon this Government
to pay one half the amount which the citizen paid?
If the Government were to pay anything, was it
not able to pay as much as the citizen did ? This
was the worst sort of humbuggcry—a mere trans-
fer of money from one department to another.
W^hy should the Government be charged for this
small amount of mail transportation, when,m ad-
dition to the $200,000 which wereannuhlly appro-
priated for the transportation of franked mail mat-
ter, there was appropriated from the Treasury the
sums which were necessary to pay the salaries of
the Postmaster General and his clerks? Besides
which, the Government furnished that department
with its building.
The amendment of Mr. Jones to the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
the committee as amended—
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, moved to add to the
end of the section as amended,
" And tint, for the purpose of covering the expense, the
sum of $12,000 be and the same is hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. JONES said that such an amendment was
totally unnecessary.
Mr. BROWN contended that it was necessary,
and he would explain why. Hesaid that Congress
had for several years past made an annual appro-
priation of §200,000 to reimburse the Post Office
Department for the expense of transmitting through
the mails the free matter for Congress and for the
departments, and by making the appropriation in
gross saved the necessity of keeping accounts at
the Post Office Department. He proposed to ap-
propriate in the same manner for the additional
expenses of carrying this census matter.
Mr. BROWN withdrew the amendment, to
enable Mr. Thompson, of Pennsylvania, to make
an explanation.
Mr. THOMPSON renewed it. He said the
Judiciary Committee had thought it bftter in ac-
cordance with the policy of Congress in making
an annual appropriation of $200,000 for the ex-
penses of franked mail matter, to report an appro-
priation to pay for this additional mail service.
The Committee had not been able to ascertain
with any (^rtainty what the expenses would be.
But under nis amendment the appropriation would
amount to about $13,000; while at full rates of
postage it would be $25,000.
He would say to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] that there was no intention of hum-
bugging on the part of the Committee; on the con-
trary, they only proposed to carry out the general
policy of the Government with reference to the
Post Office Department. If he were disposed to
retort upon the gentleman he would say, that if
there was any humbug in making the Government
pay half the amount of postage the citizen paid,
there would be much greater humbug in its paying
nothing while the citizen paid full postage. But
he felt no especial interest in the matter: he left it
for the committee to decide.
After a few remarks of a conventional char-
acter by Messis. Strong, Brown of Indiana,
Vinton, Sciiknck, and Jones,
Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr Brown,]
by adding the woids " to the Post Office Depart-
ment."'
Mr. BROWN, of Indiana, accepted the amend-
ment as a modification of his.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment as modified, and it was adopted.
The question recurring on the amendment of
the committee as amended it was put, and it was
agreed to. ^
Mr. POTTER inquired if it would be now in
order to move to strike out the whole section ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that such a motion
would be in order.
Mr. POTTER then moved to strike out the 18th
section, and to insert the following:
a That the marshals and deputy and as-isunt marshals
shall be allowed m their accounts all postages hy them paid
upon the business of the cenyu> ; and tli-n, lor the pui f  se
of defrajin^ such postage ex '<>ns -; '*,e sum htf<-en
thour-and tiollais is hereby apprnpilated out ot any money
in the Treasuiv not otheiwise appiopriated."
Mr. P. said that he was opposed to allowing the
franking privilege to the maishals and deputy
marshals. He believed that all documents rela-
ting to the census could under the existing law be
transmitted to the marshals from the department
free of postage. If the flanking privilege were
allowed to the marshals and their deputies, it
would throw open a wide door for the practice of
frauds upon the Post Office Department. One
half of the letters written and sent by them might
i elate to other business, and not to the census.
They might in fact carry the abuse to any extent.
In his opinion, the matter ought to be left to
stand as it has heretofore stood, m respect to the
transmission of the documents, and that an allow-
ance should be made to cover the expenses neces-
sarily incurred for postage. He was aveise to
granting the franking privilege; but in lieu thereof,
he was in favor of appropriating $1.3,000 to cover
the expense of postage. He believed it would
probably require that sum. To giant the privilege
of franking as proposed in this section of the bill,
was placing tn the hands of the marshals a privi-
lege altogether too indefinite. There was no re-
stiiction as to the number of letteis they might
send. They might transmit through the mails as
much correspondence as they chose, by merely
endorsing on their letters the words " official doc-
uments." There was franking enough permitted
already; there was sufficient room for abuse
without conferring the franking privilege upon
United States marshals. The Post Office Depart-
ment had been sufficiently defrauded already; it
had been long enough deprived of its revenue.
He thought the whole franking privilege ought to
be abolished, and he hoped it would be abol-
ished. He repeated that the doors were al-
ready widely opened for fraud, and he was utterly
opposed to extending the privilege of franking let-
ters to the marshals and deputy marshals all over
the country to an indefinite extent. He hoped the
whole section would be stricken out, and an allow-
ance of $15,000 be made,to defray the expense of
Mr. CARTTER said he desired to move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Potter,] by striking out §15,000, and
inserting $5,000. it appeared to hnn, that the
honorable gentleman who had moved the amend-
ment did not correctly comprehend the extent of
the postage that would be required in connection
with the census. He believed it was to be limited
to the tiansmission of the blanks or forms, and
the census tables after those blanks had been
filled, and that the privilege offrankingwas notex-
tended to the private correspondence of the mar-
shals and deputy marshals. The only matter to
which the privilege was intended to apply, was
the blank tables and the same tables after they had
been filled up. If the privilege was to be extended
to the private correspondence of the marshals, he
was altogether opposed to it, and still more would
he be opposed to the proposition to grant $15,000,
to be put into the pockets of the marshals or the
deputy marshals. He could never consent that
the Treasury should be plundered for any such pur-
pose. It occurred to him that there was no
necessity for any provision on the subject of
franking. It would be sufficient to declare that the
census matter should go through the mails free,
leaving the adjustment of the expense to the de-
partment, to take place after the expense had been
incurred.
Mr. POTTER (the floor having been yielded
to him tempoiariiy) said he would sugsest to his
fiiend, that there could be no difficulty m carrying
out that proposition, inasmuch as the assistant
marshals, in rendering their accounts, have to do it
under oath, and the expenses incurred for postage
would all have to be audited by the marshals.
Mr. CARTTER said he was aware of that, and
he was aware of another fact, that there was a
great deal of matter unconnected with the census
that would come withm the consciences of the
deputy marshals all over the country, in whom
unlimited discretion must necessarily be confided.
It was a matter which requued there should be
&ome check. lie would remark fuither, that he
was in favor of abolishing the franking privilege.
The Post Office Department, like all the o her de-
partments of the General Government, ought to
apply us own resources to us own use. He then
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, said that he
had an amendment to propose, which he thought
would obviate some of the objections that were
entertained to this provision in relation to ftank-
mg. He would move to insert m the first line,
after the words " post office," the words " to each
other."
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, remarked,
that the marshals had no occasion to correspond
with each other at all.
Mr. BUTLER said, he was not altogether sure
of that. He was not certain that the assistant
marshals would have no official business with each
other; and if not, they of course would have no
right to frank letters from one to another, and the
postmasters knowing this fact, would of course
prevent correspondence passing under frank. The
amendment which he proposed would, at all
evems, be an additional guard thrown around the
franking privilege; bccause the deputy marshals
mi^ht otherwise give a broader construction to the
act than it was intended to bear
The question was then put, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said he
would move to amend the amendment, by striking
out "$15,000" and inserting $10,000, merely for
