1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
bill is to pass, it must pass to-day for the purpose
of going to the T-fouse.
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
is the first special order.
Mr. BERRIEN desired to say that the bill re-
lating to light-houses required the immediate ac-
tion of the Senate. It could, he presumed, be dis-
posed of in a very short time, and he would move
to postpone the special orders for that purpose.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to stale that the gen-
eral appropriation bill has already passed the
House, and this has not. I apprehend that this
bill will take up but a very short time, and if it
does not go to the House at a very early hour it
must fail. I therefore hope this will be taken up.
Mr. DICKINSON. If the Indian appropria-
tion is not taken up now, we shall certainly have
to reverse the order of proceedings, and omit our
executive business and take up the Indian appro-
priation bill in the evening. It is a very heavy
appropriation bill, and there aie many amend-
ments of large amounts that will be proposed.
Now, although 1 do not take the lead in that bill,
it having been assigned to the Senator from Mary-
land, I can very well see that we will have to
take considerable time upon it. 1 hope, theietore,
it will be taken up at an early moment.
' Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. This bill will
occupy but little time.
Mr. BADGER. Let us- have the question
The PRESIDENT. To what time does the
Senator wish the special orders postponed ?
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 move to lay them on the
table for the present.
The motion to lay on the table the special orders
■was agreed to
Mr. BENTON. "Were not the California bills
made the special order ? and are they to be post-
poned for business which we can transact at any
time ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that the light-
house bill is of more importance probably to Cali-
fornia than any'bill before the Senate. It makes
full appropriations for a survey of that coast, and
placing light-houses upon it.
Mr. FREMONT. I consider the bills which I
desire to bring forward as the special order as of
more importance "than this. The object of those
bills is to prevent civil war in California. That I
think of more importance than this.
The question on taking up the bill making ap-
propriations for light-houses was agreed to.
. The bill was then read a second time.
Mr. HAMLIN offered an amendment to the
bill in the 193d line, by substituting " light-house "
for " light-boat;" which amendment was agreed
to- ....
Mr. H. proposed further to amend by inserting,
after the words " State of Georgia," " for two
dumb beacons to be erected—one at Black-oyster
Rock, and the other at Sugar-loaf river, in Sa-
vannah— $4,000;" which was agreed to.
Mr. H. moved further to amend in section 3d,
line 2d, by striking out " the Fifth Auditor,"and
inserting " such person as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall designate;" which was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Commerce to offer
the following amendment as an additional section
to the bill:
" That the sum of $2,000 he, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated to pay tlte balance due to Mr. La Porte, ot
Paris, tor the light at Head, Nantucket."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK moved to insert after the word
"light-house," m the 127th line, the words " and
beacon-light."
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendments concurred in, and the bill orderetl to
be engrossed for a third reading.
THE INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr: BELL. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to a bill which I think will commend itself
to the feelings of the whole Senate, and I trust, to
the judgment of a large majority of the Senate.
1 allude to a bill reported by a.select committee
for an appropriation of public lands for the relief
of the indigent insane. The number of the bill
is 349. We have this morning agreed to appro-
priate'milhons upon millions for our soldiers and
sailors. I am sure that there is no member of
this Senate that will not feel some gratification in
the privilege of making an appropriation for the
very large portion of our population—ten or
twelve thousand—the indigent insane, who can
never be heard here, who can never repay by
adding to the popularity of any measure of this
kind. I trust there will be no objection. It has
been already before the Congress of the United
States. It is a bill which has been well matured.
Those gentlemen who have scruples upon the
subject of course cannot vote for it. If a ma-
jority have made up their minds in favor of it, it
can be sustained without debate. I trust that it
will be taken up, and I move its consideration
now. !
Mr. GWIN. The California bills were made j
the special orders for every day at twelve o'clock |
until disposed of. It is a matter of vital import- I
ance that we should have thein up. We ask not j
for one more bill. |
Mr. BELL. I trust my friend from California I
will not interfere with this bill now. if it leads to
a protracted debate, of course it cannot j3ass.
Mr. FOOTE. I was the innocent cause of the
postponement of action upon this bill some two
years ago, and 1 have regretted it most profoundly
ever since. Certainly I did not intend to produce
that result. 1 do trust that the proposition of the
Senatoi from Tennessee wTU be at once acceded to.
He has made one of his most felicitous speeches
in support of his own proposition, or I should be
tempted to say something in addition to what has
fallen from his lips.
Mr, BERRIEN. I do not rise fur the purpose
of adding anything to the cogent remarks of the
Senator Irom Tennessee, but to express my hope
that the action of the Senate will be to concur in
this proposition. 1 say for myself that both my
feelings and judgment are in favor of this propo-
sition.
Mr. RUSK. I should not oppose the taking up
of this bill if 1 did not deem it as consuming the
time of the Senate, which should be applied to
otner bills which are vastly important. In the first
place, I think the bill upon the subject of the re-
duction of and a uniform rate of postage is de-
manded by the whole country.
Mr. BELL. Let us try the experiment, and
see whether it leads to debate.
Mr. RUSK. I have not been able to get this
bill up at all. I desire to give notice now that at
the next session I shall take up this bill as soon as
possible. It is a bill which has been run over by
other business.
There is also a bill upon the table of the Senate
for the purpose of raising a regiment on the fron-
tiers of Texas for us protection. The inhabitants
of those frontiers are constantly sleeping under
the apprehension of hearing the Indian war-whoop
before they rise in the morning. There is also on
the table of the Senate a resolution for the pay-
ment of ceitain volunteers who have performed
faithful service. The Senator from Mississippi
has this bill in his hands, and he and 1 have
struggled for some time to get it up, but there
has been no opportunity to do so. I have no ob-
jection to the fell. On the contrary, I approve of
the object which it contemplates; but I think it is
a matter impossible to pass now without debate.
I must vote against it, for if it is taken up it will
be time used for no purpose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. This is a most
extraordinary proposition. It is a proposition to
grant lands 
Mr. FOOTE. I call my colleague to order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Let the Senator
state his point of order.
Mr. FOOTE. My point is, that he is now dis-
cussing the merits of the bill on a motion to take
up.
The PRESIDENT. The merits of the bill can-
not be now gone into.
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi. The point of order
has nothing m it.
Mr. FOOTE. I must call the gentleman to
order, because the Chair has already decided in my
favor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If my colleague
had waited till I had said something, he could have
seen whether he could have raised a point of order
or not. I have a right, when a proposition is made
to take up a bill, to state my objection to its con-
sideration. I have a right to state why I think,
when it is stated that it can be settled without de-
bate, that that cannot be the case. There are
great constitutional questions involved in this prop-
osition. It is a proposition to appropriate lands
in one State to erect eleemosynary institutions in
another. I therefore say, that if it is thought that
this can be passed without giving us the right to
raise the question of constitutionality, they are
mistaken. I ask the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion of taking up.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 24, nays 19, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Bfirien, Clarke, Crfoper,
Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson. Oodge
ot Wisconsin, Ewmir, Fnote, Grf^ne, Houston, Mangum,
Morton, Pearcp, Prait, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Under-
wood. WalPJj and WuUhioo—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Atclifon, Barnwell, Ronton, Bright,
Bufler, Cass, Cii;w. Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of Iowa,
Fremont, King, Mason, Rusk, Sebastian, Soul^, Tumey,
Walker, Whitcomb, and Yulee—19.
Mr. PEARCE remarked, in reply to a remark
| of the Senator from Mississippi, that Congress
had at different times sanctioned the principle in-
volved in this bill.
The reading of the bill being called for, it was
then read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I looktipon this
as a pioposition to make the United States Govern-
ment a mere source of charity. There is no class
that would more appeal to the humanity of right-
minded persons than the indigent insane; and the
statistics of .the memorials show how great is the
necessity for some kind provision for that class of
our population. But, sir, there are questions
higher than those of humanity, considerations
higher than our feelings, to govern us in this and
all other questions of legislation. This Govern-
ment was intended to be one of specific, enumer-
ated powers. The purposes for which money
was to be raised were enumerated, and beyond
those enumerated there are only such as are neces-
sary to carry the enumerated powers and grants
into effect. If we can found an institution for the
indigent insane, why can we not establish one for
the orphans of the country ? If we can establish
hospitals to cure the insane, why not for the dis-
eased of the country? Why may we not establish
common schools at the expense of the Govern-
ment all over the land, to teach those who are ig-
norant but of sound mind? All these things would
appeal to the feelings of the public; and if Senators
forget the Constitution in consulting one case, I
would ask what limits are there to the appropria-
tions we are to make ? Heretofore we have made
appropriations from the public lands of all the
States in which they lie, under the claim that it
was done on the principle of proprietorship—that
the grant was made to increase the value of
the property that remained after the grant. But
no such plea can be set up here. This is a pro- ,
fessed chanty. This land is to be sold, and the
Government is to take stock, create a perpetual
fund to supply these eleemosynary institutions
for the indigent insane. Next the blind and deaf
will be appealed for, and every class of the com-
munity suffering from poverty and want have
equal claims. This is a departure from that prin-
ciple which alone can maintain this Government
in its purity, that we shall refer constantly to our
grant of power, and ask whether this power is con-
ferred or not. Now, will any Senator undertake
to show me a grant in the Constitution which
gives to Congress the right to appropriate money
to establish institutions of charity ? If not, then I
ask why should we try to avoid that by appropria-
ting the public lands to be converted into money,
to "be applied to the same purpose? Surely'no
Senator would seek to do that indirectly which he
could not do directly. And hence no argument is
to be made except those powers of proprietorship
which are said to be vested in and possessed by
the United Slates.
If the Senator had displayed himself less im-
patient when 1 first offered an objection to taking
up this bill, I should have said very little more
than I then said; and I will not be tempted into
protracting my remarks now on account of the
lmnatience then shown. The whole thing is.upoii
the surface. We have no power to make such
o-rants. It is a departure from the sound princi-
ples to which we have heretofore adhered in the
administration of the Government a departure,
the end of which no man can tell. Our appropria-
tions this year do far more than swallow up all
the revenue. Step by step we are squandering
