1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2007
no power to engage in a legislation of this descrip-
tion.
The amendment is, that the said lands thus
granted shall be sold within three years after the
selection has been made. It should be added at
the close of the second section. I will then move
to strike out the prohibition upon selling the lands
at less than the minimum price.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply rise to say that I hope
the amendment will be adopted. 1 think it im-
proves the bill.
The question being taken on this amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. "VULEE. I now move to strke out the
proviso which limits the sales to the minimum
Government price.
Mr. BELL. There can certainly be no objec-
tion to that, so far as the grantees are concerned.
It was intended to prevent an injurious effect upon
the sales of the public lands by reducing their
value.
Mr. YULEE. It is obvious there can be no
sales of the public lands for money for a long time
to come.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to be informed upon
one point. I want to know whether these lands
to be ceded to the States are still subject to entiy
by persons having preemption rights, and why it
is necessary to force them into the market by de-
preciating their value.
Mr. ATCHISON. I think the reason is very
obvious. I doubt veiy much whether any State
would realize $1 25 an acre for any portion of the
lands at any time hereafter—at any rate not until
the whole amount of these land warrants which
we have voted to the'soldiers shall have been- ex-
pended. We all know that when land warrants
were granted to the soldiers of the Mexican war,
they were sold in the market at the rate of one
hundred and sixty acres of land for $100 The j
average price was $109. Now, then, when such
an immense quantity of these warrants are thrown
into the market, they will certainly reduce the
price of the public lands to less than $1 25 per acre.
The question being taken upon this amendment,
it was not agreed to—ayes 18, noes 23.
Mr. WALKER. I wish te ask the Senator
having the bill in charge, how the lands are to be
disposed of—by the General Government or by
agencies to be established by the States?
Mr. PEARCE. By the States.
Mr. WALKER. Where is it to be found in
the bill ?
Mr. PEARCE. " It shall be the duty of the
States to offer the said lands for sale immediately,
and' to complete the same at the earliest practica-
ble day."
Mr. WALKER. Under what agencies?
Mr. PEARCE. By such agencies as they may
select.
Mr. WALKER. Then, Mr. President, it looks
to me very much like a partial distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands. It is that policy at-
tempted to be revived on a small scale.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator from Wiscon-
sin allow me to ask him what he thinks of this
policy of granting lands to the individual States
themselves—ofgranting to Wisconsin, for instance,
public lands for the purpose of building a canal or
a railroad—or of granting them to Illinois for a
canal or a railroad ? Is it impartial to make im-
mense grants to one of the States, or is it partial
to give smail amounts to all the States ?
Mr. WALKER resumed. I think I have be-
fore expressed my individual disapprobation of
the whole policy. But I have acted upon that
subject in view of instructions from the Legislature
of Wisconsin. It seems to me, taking the instance
of Wisconsin, that the Government have not given
that State any proportion of what she has paid; for
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator is mistaken. The
bill provides that every State in which there are
suitable lands, shall select from such lands; and
where there are no such lands, they are to be
selected in any other State or Territory.
Mr. ATCHISON. I understand the effect to
be this: that there is a discrimination against the
new States of the Union. Certainly this is the
effect.
Mr. PEARCE. Not at all; lands for any State
where there are no suitable lands may be taken
elsewhere.
Mr. CHASE. In any State.
Mr. ATCHISON. Whatdoes the Senator mean
by lands not suitable ? Lands not for sale, or that
will not sell?
Mr. BELL. Lands that will not sell.
Mr. ATCHISON. There is certainly a dis-
crimination against the States in which the lands
now are. The State of Maryland, where there is
no public land, can go to the Territory of Minne-
sota, or Utah, or New Mexico-
Mr. BELL No, sir.
Mr. ATCHISON. Why not?
Mr. BELL. Because it is under the direction
and approbation of the President. The State has
nothing to do until this appropriation is made.
Then the distribution must be on principles of
perfect equality, so far as can be, between the new
and old States. No State has a right to interfere.
Mr. ATCHISON. As I understand this bill—
I have not had time to examine it very minutely,
as it is only a few days since it was intro-
duced—it is this: the State of Missouri is confined
within her own limits in the selection of lands.
Mr. BELL. Not absolutely. The Piesident
can say that these lands are not suitable in quality
to answer the purposes of this charity, and then
^ou can go into a neighboring Territory or State
to make out the quantity to which Missouri is
entitled.
Mr. ATCHISON resumed. Mr. President, I
am not at all satisfied with the explanation. "The
land aforesaid, after being surveyed, says the bill,
" shall be apportioned to the several States m sec-
tions or subdivisions of sections, and whenever
there are lands of suitable quality in a State, the
quantity to which said State shall be entitled shall
be selected from such lands, and the quantity
apportioned to any State in which there are no
such lands shall be located in the territory belong-
ing to the. United States to which the Indian title
shall be extinguished."
Now,sir, why this discrimination? In theState
of Missouri, at this time, there is scarcely an acre
of land that any citizen would purchase at $1 25
an aere. I suppose the returns at the Land Office
will show that a very small quantity of lands has
been sold within the last two years. Land war-
rants have been received at the different html offi-
ces in theState of Missouri to a very considerable
extent; but I doubt very much whether the receipts
in money would more than pay the expenses;
though of this I am not certain. Of one thing I
am certain: that when the lands in Minnesota are
brought mtqirnarket, or m any of the Territories,
they are brought into public sale, a very smail
quantity of those lands will be bid off at public
sale. Those having preemption rights will enter
at $1 25 an acre. But very few—not one acre m
ten thousand perhaps—will be purchased at public
sale, even at the minimum price of the Govern-
ment. Then, sir, what is the consequence ? The
older States of this Union will have their choice in
any of these Territories where the lands, being
fresh and unpicked, are presumed to be better.
This is certainly a discrimination. 1 think that
these lands should be selected, and should be .the
hest lands in the different Territories of the United
States, and then they should be disposed of by thi,
I see that to the first of January, 1849, she has j| Government,and the-proceeds given to the different
paid into the Treasury of the United States ~   
$5,792,327 and some cents—nearly six million of
dollars—arising from the sales of the public lands
in'her domain.
Mr. CHASE moved to insert in section second,
line eighth, after the words " United States," the
words u not within the limits of any State."
Mr. C. The effect of that will be to confine the
selection of the lands, not for the benefit of the
States in which they lie, to the Territories. I un-
derstood "some gentleman to say that was the de-
sign of the bill. If so, it will expressly carry out j
he design of the bill. j
States. This would be fair. There would be no
injustice in it. There would be no discrimination
against theState ofiMissoun—and perhapsllhnois,
Indiana, and frhio—and in favor of the States of
Virginia, New York, and Pennsylvania.
In the first section of the bill there is a .proviso
that the area of no State shall be computed as more
than 50,000 square miles. It so happens that the
area of Missouri is 67,000 square miles.
Mr. BELL, (tn his seat.) And Texas is 250.000.
Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, sir, Texas is 250,000,
and California is still more. Now, let us have
fair dealing in this matter. California is capable
of sustaining perhaps five millions of people, and
Texas something more. The State of Missouri
can certainly sustain as many as the State of New
York now has, or more; I have heard if said
of a small portion of the lands of the State of
Missouri that, sooner or later,-each quarter-sec-
tion would sustain one family. I have heard the
same thing said of Illinois. Here is certainly a
discrimination against these western States, I
move to lay the bill on the table.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered-
Mr. DICKINSON. In order to take i^the
appropriation bills, I shall have to vote for
The question beingtaken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Atchison, Barnwell, Benton-, Builer,
Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Dickm-on, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Hodge of Iowa, Downs, Fremont, Gwm, Houston,
Hunter, King, Ma-ori, Morion, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
SouI6, Walkor, and Yulee—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Clarke, Cooper,
Davis of Mas&achustus, Dawson, Dayton, K.ving, Foote,
, Greene, flai<;, Mansum, Norri?, Pearee, Soward, Shields,
i Simth, Fpiuance, Sturgeon, Underwood, Wales, and Win.-
til rop—23.
So the motion did not prevail.
Mr. CHASE withdrew the amendment which
he had offered, and-moved to amend as follows:
" Insert m 3<1 line, aftei ' complete,' in ciion 2:
45 The said lands shall be sold as public lands are now
or may be hereafter directed to be sold, and the proceeds
theieof shall be paid over to the several States to which the
fame .-shall have been apportioned : Prodded, That patents
shall be i^ued to any Slate foranv portion of the lands so
apportioned which may be within the limits of the same."
Mr. C. I will say a very few words in explana-
tion of thatamendment. The third section of the
bill, as I stated when last up, provides for the issue
of patents to the States of the lands apportioned to
them. If this amendment shall prevail, the patents
will be issued to the Slate only for the lands that
lie within its limits; while the lands not lying
within these limits shall be sold as now sold, and
I the proceeds are to be paid over to the States en-
1 titled to them.
j Mr. C. 'demanded the yeas and nays; but they
| were not ordered
| The question being taken, the amendment was
I rejected.
i Mr. CHASE renewed the amendment he had
! withdrawn, to insert m section 2, line 8, after the
j words " United States," the words "and not
j within the limits of any State.55
I The amendment was rejected.
! Mr. ATCHISON moved to strike out the pro-,
| viso m the last section; which is as follows:
| " Provided, Thai the area ot no State shall be computed
i atmoie than fifty thousand square miles,
j Mr. DENTON demanded the yeas and nays;
| which were oiueied.
; T|ie question being taken, resulted as follows:
i YF,A->—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Dodge of Wisconsin,
! Diriment iowa, Fiemoni, (Jwii1, Houston, Hunter, Jones,
, Ru-U. S> bAMK u, Shields, Souie. uiid Yulee—14.
i M,\\TS—Messrs Baldwin, Boll, Benian, Butler, Chase,
CLukt', Cooper, D.uus of Mas-aehusett®, Davis of Missis-
! 5,n >i, Daw-oii, Da\ton, Dickinson, Downs, Ewing, Foote,
1 Gn-eno, Hale, Hamhn, Knur, Maugurn, Mason, Morton,
Norn-, i'eaice. I'rait, Seward, Smith, Sprnance, Sturgeon,
Underwood, Wales, Walker, and Wmthrop—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
No further amendment beins; moved, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and the amendments
were concurred in.
Mr. YULEE. The Senate have made some
very important amendments to this bill, as it seems
to me, in their probable consequences to the States
ami Territories, at all events, in which the public
lands -he; and I shou'd like to have an opportunity
to give further consideration to it. With that
view, and in order that it may lie over until to-
morrow, I move that it be laid upon the table; and
upon that motion I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Barnwell, Cutler, Chafe, Da-
vi*  ot Mississippi, Dodse of Wik'oiimii, Dodge of Iowa,
Down-*, Fremont, Gwm, Houston, Hunter, Jones, King,
M.t^on, Morton, Ru>k, S« b.istuiu, SouiS, Turncy, Walker,
Wnitcomb, and Yulee—2-1.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Dell, Herrirn, Clarke. Conpei,
Davj^ ot Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton, Dickinson, K\v-
I (jo1 Felcil, Foote, Greene, liale, Mauguin, Morris*, L rare*-,
Piatt, Seward, fchielda, Smith, Spruanee, Sturgeon, Un-
derwood, Wales, and Wintiiiop—26. t
So the motion was not agreed to.
i\h\ CHASE renewed in the Senate the amend-
ment he had offered in commiUee, in the second
section,as follows:
« Insert in third line, after 'complete,' in section two :
« The said land's shall be sold as pub he lands are ivuv or
may be hereafter directed to be sold, and tbe proceeds die re-
