2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing of the 15th May., 1836, when the building and contents
were coiKUiiied by fire, ihe act of the hostile ( reek Indians.'
These statements ar** fully corroborated and confirmed by
the Hon. Robert Toombs, one" of the Representatives rn Con-
gress from the State of Georgia.
« It is made further to appear to this committee that the
Legislature of Georgia, for the purpose of affording tempo-
rary relief to' {hose persons, through Henry W. Jermgan,
who was a member of each of these mercantile firms, and
was authorized to control the respective claim* against the
Government of the United States for indemnity,) authorized
the Central Bank of Georgia, a banking institution belong-
ing exclusively to the State, to advance, by way of dis-
count, the amount of thur claims as by thein charged,
upon Ji'rnigan's giving his note (or the same endorsed, (with
depositing and assigning the claims as collateral security,)
which was then done. And subsequently—in ihe >ear 1845
—the legislature d rocted the delivery to Jermsan of the
note thus given, (amounting (o the sum of $21,042,) and to
take in payment and discharge of the same the alignment
to the bank of these several claims, which was done
by the written assignment of J^rntgan on the 16th De-
cember, 1845, and subsequently assented to and acquiesced
in by all of the members of the respective firms. The fore-
going contains a statement of the material facts of this case,
as will more fully appear from the documentary evidence
submitted by the memorialist. Whereupon the committee
are of the opinion that the ware and storehouses of these
claimants having been taken possession of and occupied by
troops in the service of the United Staies fortlmr pmpose
and us6, and whilst thus held and occupied being taken and
destroyed by the rm my, the owners of the private prop-
erty "o destroyed have a just claim lor remuneration against
the United States tor the amount of their losses; and there-
fore the committee recommend that the Centr.il Bank of
Georgia, as the assignpe of the abovp claimants, be allowed
and paid the sum ot $21,042, and that the >ame be inserted
in the Indian appropriation bill."
I can state briefly, without going into details,
the particulars of this case. During the Creek
war, a detachment of troops were ordered to and
stationed at a town called Roanoke, in the State
of Georgia, and while they were there they took
possession of the warehouses and storehouses be-
longing to this man Jernigan. While in posses-
s on of the warehouse and storehouse they were
attacked by the Indians, who drove them away and
burnt the buildings. The loss to the man was #21,042
Now, the only question presented to the Senate is
this—and it has been recognized time and again—-
that where the troops of the United States take
possession of private property, and by that act of
taking possession of the private property draw the
enemy upon them, it being private property, the
United States are accountable for the loss.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The statement of
the chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
is one of the most extraordinary! have ever
heard. The idea that Indians have been drawn
upon a building by the presence of the troops of
the United States is to me altogether incomprehen-
sible. He says that these troops were there, and
that being there drew upon the building those In-
dians who destroyed them. Why, the thing is
impossible. The troops being there might keep
them away from it; it couid not bring them on.
If they failed to secure the property which their
presence was designed to protect, it certainly con-
stitutes no just foundation for a claim against the
United States. It is enough that they did what
they might to protect this property, [t is quite out
of the question that the presence of the troops
drew the savage enemy to the place. The Sena-
tor has not been guarded in his statement. The
troops, unless they took possession of this ware-
house for the purpose of defending it, took pos-
session of it by rent. Now, why the whole claim
is set up by the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs is to me incomprehensible.
Mr. ATCHISON". That an oid soldier, and
such a distinguished one 
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Oh, no; not
that.
Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, such a distinguished
one, should take such a view of this matter, is to
me quite afc surprising as anything 1 haVe said
could have been to him. Why, sir, what drew
Santa Anna and his army to Buena Vista? It was
the very fact that the American army was sta-
tioned at or near that place. Why, sir, is there
anything more common in war? Is it not every
day's experience that whpre hostile troops are sta-
tioned there their antagonists march to meet them ?
This is always the case, or there never would be
any fighting, unless one party sought the other.
Why, sir, the strategy, the tactics of the Senator
from Mississippi are strange indeed; they are new,
and will save the necessity of a world's peace con-
vention; for if we have armies in the field, accord-
jng to this theory they will never seek each other,
jt is a most curious fact-about Wars, either of un-
Sept, 2?0,
cient or modern times. Why, sir, the Senator
should have a patent for this discovery.
But, in all seriousness, the principle embraced
in this amendment has been recognized by law.
We have a law recognizing this very principle,
that when private property is destroyed by the
enemy because our troops are in possession of the
premises, the Government lias never failed to pay.
If this is rejected, it will be the first instance of
this kind in the history*of the Government.
Mr. PEARCE. The case •presented by the
Senator from Missouri affords an illustration of
what would be a very extraordinary principle in
physics—that one body having a strong attraction
for another, and that other not only having an at-
traction for this one, but an absolute repulsion,
should be drawn towards it. For it appears that
these Indians, according to the evidence now sub-
mitted, were attracted by the presence of the Uni-
ted States troops, which United States troops were
not attracted by any means by their presence, but
were very much repelled, and were actually driven
away, leaving as rapidly as possible. However,
be that as it may, this is a case of private claims,
to be investigated and reported upon in the usual*
form. I suppose that the report which was lead
here was accompanied by a bill, which bill should
be acted upon by itself. We are now called upon
to do what we have very often refused to do. We
are called upon to put into an appropriation bill
an appropriation for a private claim which ought
to be acted upon in the regular way, by consider-
ing the bill which should accompany the report.
For that reason I object to its being put into this
bill.
Mr. DAVfS, of Mississippi. I mustsay some-
thing in answer to my fiiend from Missouri, who
has put in a caveat in my favor for a patent. But
if it was permitted for the Senator or any one else
to make his own case, and give his own answers,
he would undoubtedly win the case. But the
.misfortune in this case was that I guarded my lan-
guage. 1 spoke of the savage foe, and the case
cited by the Senator from Missouri can have no
analogy with my remarks. In the progress of
civilization the ^tfkivated nations avoid the de-
struction of private property. They march their
armies against the armies of the enemy, and fight
battles to decide issues between nations. Not so
with the savage foe. They attack private property
where it is not guarded. They agsail hamlet3 be-
cause they find them defenceless. There is no
analogy bet-ween the cases. The Senator, there-
fore, has drawn a conclusion which does not ap-
ply to my proposition, which proposition confines
itself to the savage foe. He refers to the case of
Buena Vista. There is no analogy between the
two cases. The Mexican army marched against
the American army. If they beat the American
army, they of course would have the stores which
the Americans then possessed. If they conquered
the Americans, they would gain one point of honor
for their nation; and it was well understood that,
if they could overcome the American army once,
they were then willing upon that trophy to treat.
There however, not the slightest analogy be-
tween the cases which have been classed together.
The Senaior draws his conclusion from an argu-
ment which I never presented.
Now, the Senator may have precedents to give
to our consideration. If there are precedents, so
much greater the necessity for our examiningevery
case. If he is going to bring me the case in Flor-
ida, where we have paid for damages which never
existed, because troops were at the places, I tell
him beforehand that one wrong does not justify
another. I tell him beforehand that there are pre-
cedents which lead more to the devastation of the
Treasury of the United States than they do to the
devastation of the property of private individuals.
I shall concede no such case as this because one
wrong has been done at a former time. %
Mr. ATCHISON. The Senator has mistaken
the precedent and the point which 1 wish to make.
Now, the first matter of American history that I
recollect was the assault upon Boone, in Kentucky,
and also upon other forts and block-houses.
Mr. D^VIS, of Mississippi. There were no
troops there.
Mr. ATCHISON. Every man was a soldier.
[Laughter ] Then at Fort Meigs, during the last
war. Why, had there been no troops at Fort
Meigs, we would not have sustained the defeat that
oararmies sustained there. Weil, sir, our history
is full of such instances, that these savage foes,
these ignorant savages, do seek their enemy.
Why, sir, the hero of Tippecanoe was assaulted in
his camp. The American army being at that point
drew their whole force there.
A Senator.- That was where General Taylor
had his  first battle, r
Mr. ATCHISON. Our whole history is full
of such instances. Now, these troops referred to
in the amendment, who had possession of the Gov-
ernment stores, were in the warehouses of Jerni-
gan, and his premises were used by these troops*
Perhaps I may have been a little unfortunate in
the expression, that the troops being stationed
there drew the Creeks upon them to that place.
But so it was. The fact is proved beyond all con*
troversy, that the Creek Indians did attack the
town of Roanoke, and did drive the troops from
that town, and burn the warehouses and store.
Now, sir, I think I have answered the point made
by the Senator, although I do not pretend to be a
military man.
Mr. RUSK. In 1816 a law was passed by the
Congress of the United States, after full investiga-
tion, declaring that the United States would pay
for the destruction of private property by the ene-
mies of the country, civilized as well as savage,
provided that destruction was caused-by the occu-
pation of the premises by the United States troops.
That law was limited in its operation, and existed
but a few years. A great many cases were paid
under it, but the time ran out for the limitation.
I do not know, however, of a single case that has
been rejected since that time. Every case that
has come before the Congress of the United States,
j that came under the provisions of the law of 1816,
has been paid by the United States. Jt has not
been refused m any case that I know of. Im-
mense sums of money have been granted for the
payment of the destruction of property in the
neighborhood of this city, of which the proof had
not been furnished, pending the law of 1816.
This, then, is the principle; and the only question
that arises here, is whether this property was de-
stroyed by the Indians in consequence of its being
| occupied by the troops of tlfe United States,
j That seems to be the controversy between the
j Senator from Mississippi and the Senator from
; Missouri, and I will not interfere with it.
I Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
| Texas has only stated ihe question at issue between
the Senator from Missouri and myself. The Sen-
1 ator from Missouri says that I misunderstood his
j precedent. Why, sit*, that which he Quoted was
t equally unfortunate, if not more so. tie quotes
|- the case of Tippecanoe. Now, the Indians did
j not go to attack the troops at that place. General
j Harrison went to the Indians; he went past their
1 village. In that very country I have heard the
particulars of that attack, from an officer under
j General Harrison, who told me that he went
! through the Indian village before the attack, and
I saw these Indians with their faces blacked; and
; black faces among the Indians always signify war
to the knife. He went into the encampment of
General Harrison. The gentleman is one of the
constituents of my fnend from Indiana, [Mr.
Whitcomb.] He says that heexpected an attack
from the Indians. The encampment had been
pointed out to the Indians, as it was close to the
village. In the other case that the Senator referred
to, they were all little advanced fortifications—
stockades thrown into the Indian country to hold
them in check, and which the Indians felt it was
necessary for them to tafce, in order to make a safe
inroad into the country behind. But let the Sen-
|| ator show, if he can, that the Indians have selected
j, a place fortified and held by troops, instead of one
'■ undefended, as a matter of choice. Let him show
| that Indians have gone past an undefended village,
j toattack a place held by troops. Let him show this,
II or anything approaching to thts, and he will put
our savage foes on the footing of civilized nations
i, in waging war; but not till then will his pretensions
i have a solid foundation.
j' Mr. DAWSON. I beg pardon of the Senate
as a Senator from Georgia—a State interested m
j1 the payment of this debt. The grounds assumed
|j by the Senator from Mississippi may be deemed
!i tenable in his judgment. They have been well
J| answered, I think, by the chairman of the Com-
j| mittee on Indian Affairs. What 1 wish to say
jj about this matter is what I knovr. I was engaged
fi in that veiy service, but not at that very place at
