1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that time. The facts are these, and are stated in
these papers; and if the claim be not paid—if Con-
gress refuse to pay it—it will, not be because
they have not always paid such claims. The War
broke out in consequence of a treaty made with
the Indians in the new part of Alabama. Roanoke,
in Georgia, is situated upon the banks-of the Chat-
tahoochee, upon the east side. Alabama is the
opposite side. At that place the width of the river
is about one hundred and twenty yards. The Gov-
ernment of the United States, in conducting this
war, saw proper to send a detachment—a small de-
tachment—to that point on the river, in order to con-
centrate the provisions for the army. They went
there, and carried all the United States provisions
for the army to that place, and took possession of
this property. The Indians who were encamped
upon the opposite side of the river, about a mile
and a quarter from this town, some 1,700 in num-
ber, seeing the flour and bacon, and all the other
provisions taken (here, and defended by only sixty
men, determined to go there at night and whip
these sixty men and take the provisions. They
crossed the river above and below, and thus had
the town between them, and immediately went up
to the town, and the battle began. These few
men who were there controlling the subsistence of
the army were driven away, as they could not
defend the place, and a part of them killed. The
Indians then seized the town, took the provisions,
and burned up the property of the citizens. Now,
sir, these are the facts, and the Senator from Mis-
sissippi says that the Indian never attacks.
Why, James Henry, who commanded the Creeks
in that expedition, was almost as white a man as
I am, although an Indian, and as sagacious a man
as ever any troops met in the woods and forests.
He arranged this battle, and defeated the men be-
longing to the United States Government there in
employment, took the provisions, and, after
burning the town, carried them off to the other
side of the river. When this injury has been in-
flicted upon a private citizen like Colonel Jernigan,
it is said that the Indians never attack. Why,
sir, the Senate wetl knows that the first evidence
of the military character of General Taylor was
at Fort Harrison.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That was a stock-
ade thrown into the Indian country.
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, fir, and they attacked that
stockade, but it was defended most gallantly.
That was the Genesis of the great character that
General Taylor secured to himself and his- coun-
try. Now, the Government has taken this private
property and occupied it in this way, and caused
the destruction of the property of an innocent and
unoffending citizen of Georgia, living upon the
peace side of the river—for the war was upon the
opposite bank. Although he thus lost his prop-
erty, it is said he will not be paid. Colonel Jer-
nigan—whose character, whose gallantry, whose
reputation is known to every Georgian—was thus
reduced to rum. The Government of Georgia,
feeling a compassion for this worthy citizen, caused
the United States by a petition to send commis-
sioners there, to that very place, who went there
under the authority of this Government to assess
the loss that Colonel Jernigan sustained. That
loss was reported to Congress, of the amount
named here; and the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs asks that an appropriation to
pay for the award made by the commissioners of
the Government of the United State may be given.
These commissioners were appointed by the Uni-
ted States, and made the award upon which this j
appropriation is asked. Can there be anything j
more just'1 I assert that there is not a decision of ;
this Government since its foundation, against the
payment of this claim; and I can assure my friend
from Mississippi, and my friend from Indiana, if
they knew of these facts, and had looked into them,
there is no feeling of theirs that would justify them
in opposing this measure. What I have stated is
fact. 1 have done now, and hope the question
will be taken and the appropriation allowed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi- The Senator
from Georgia appeals to my justice and magna-
nimity. I find myself unfortunately between two
fires. The Senator from Missouri—who has dis-
claimed being a military man, but who has made
a speech that shows that Nature designed him for
one—is on the one side, and the Senator from
Georgia, who should hold the seals of the Treas-
ury, is making an attack on the other side. Now,
sir, whether I have made a sufficient answer to
one attack, 1 will leave for others to decide.
Very briefly I will endeavor to answer the sec-
ond attack. We have appropriated money to
Georgia to cover claims for spoliations committed
by the Creek Indians at a former period. But
the amount, as far as my information goes, greatly
exceeds the depredations yet proved. I doubted
very much the propriety of turning over the
whole fund to Georgia without receiving any
statement showing that the depredations were
equal to that amount. So it is, however, that
money has been transferred, and if a citizen of
Georgia has suffered Indian depredations, they
have the fund of the United States in their pos-
session, and let them pay it. Par more money
has been paid over to Georgia than depredations
have yet been shown to balance it. 1 speak of
the old spoliations.
Mr, DAWSON. That has nothing to do with
this.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If, then, a citi-
zen of Georgia has suffered, and, a3 the Senator
from Georgia says, the State of Georgia has
taken cognizance of the fact, let her use the mon-
ey she has taken out out of the Treasury of the
United States to pay it.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say a word only.
The claim in this case is within the class of claims
recognized under the act of Congress of 1816,
which was interpreted by the subsequent act of
1817. It does not depend upon the military char-
acter or acts of Jernigan, or anything military
about it, for the purpose of ascertaining the prin-
ciple upon which the United States has made
compensation for property destroyed. The pro-
vision of the act of 1816 is, that when the property
is taken possession of for the use of the United
States, and is destroyed, compensation shall be
made. I refer the Senate to the words of the act,
as they are very brief:
"That where arty piopertyhas been impressed or taken
by public authority for the u?«e or subsistence of the army
dui mg the Ute war, and the same shall have been destroyed,
lost, or consumed, the owner of said property shall he paid
the value thereof, deducting therefrom the amount that has
been paid or may be paid for the use and risk ot the same
while in the service aforesaid.''
That act was explained by the subsequent act
of 1817. Here is the act. It is an act to amend
the act authorizing payment for property lost. It
declares—
" That the ninth section of the act aforesaid shall be con-
strued to extend only to houses arid other building*occupied
by or under the order of an officer or agent of the United
States as a place of deposit for military or naval store-, or
as barracks ior the military forces o( the United States."
That is the precise case now under consideration..
These buildings were occupied by an order of an
officer of the United States for the deposit of mil-
itary stores, which the United States had deemed
necessary at that tune should be placed there in
aid of their contemplated operations; and it is upon
that principle that every case that has come before
Congress has been settled. There is no doubt,
then, that this case is under the precise principle
upon which Congress has been hitherto acting.
Now, abandoning the original grounds, it is sug-
gested that, in relation to some other act, there is
an unsettled account between the State of Georgia
and the United States. Upon that I am not in-
formed. It has no connection with the present
transaction. If there be an unsettled account be-
tween the State of Georgia and the United States,
the State of Georgia is always ready to settle their
accounts at any time, and to respond to any
amount to which she may be liable. I question
the fact, so far as my information goes, concern-
ing anything about the State of Georgia. It is
I said also that this is an individual transaction,
j But if the circumstances be looked into, if it be
"considered that these persons were involved in the
military operations of the United States, that they
were reduced to poverty, and the State of Georgia
was induced to intervene for the purpose of pro-
tecting them, it will be considered rather the claim
of the State than of the individuals.
The question'being then taken upon the amend-
ment, upon division it resulted as follows: ayes 12,
noes 16—no quorum voting.
Mr. BERRIEN. Is it not near the time for the
recess N
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will my colleague with-
draw his motion for a moment ?
II Mr. SEWARD. Certainly, with pleasure.
Mr. DICKINSON. I give notice tha„t I shall,
on to-morrow, move to rescind that part of the
resolution fixing the, recess, which obliges us to
assemble at six o'clock for Executive business, so
as to leave it in the power of the Senate to attend
to Executive business, or any other business that
they may cftoosfe—to have ah Executive or legisla-
tive session, as they may think proper.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the honorable Senator will
have another matter in his notice; that is, to ex-
tend the time of the recess to severu>'clock, that we
may come here at seven o'clock, instead of six, as
we now do.
Mr. DICKINSON. When I make the motion,
that matter can be discussed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 hope that we
shall rescinduhe whole resolution, and come here
at ten o'clock, and remain as long as Senators
please.
Mr. POOTE moved that the Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT. If that motion be adopted,
it will carry business over till to-morrow, at ten
o'clock.
Mr. FOOTE. I think that the adoption of the
motion to adjourn will simply operate so as to give
us a recess till six o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. It will necessarily take all
business over till to-morrow.
Mr. FOOTE Then I move to take a recess. It
is now within five minutes of four o'clock.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let us have the question on
the amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. Very well.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is informed
that there is a quorum present.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will it be in order for me
to ask that my motion be now put, to rescind so
much of the resolution with regard to taking a re-
cess as applies to Executive business?
The PRESIDENT. It will require unanimous
consent to entertain it.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is a question before the
Senate.
Mr. FOOTE objected.
Mr. DAWSON moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill till to-morrow, at eleven
o'clock.
The question being taken upon the motion to
postpone, it was not agreed to.
The question being stated upon-the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri, granting compensa-
tion to Colonel Jernigan, &c^
Mr. BERRIEN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered'accordingly.
Mr. FOOTE. Is it in order to make a speech
now? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. It is in order for the Sen-
ator to discuss the merits of the amendment under
consideration.
Mr. FOOTE. Then I wish to be heard upon
j this question for a moment.
, Mr. President, I have-heard the various speeches
| upon this amendment for some time, and I have
been somewhat pained at discovering that honor-
able gentlemen seem to differ so widely in their
views. The question seems to me to be tolerably
plain. I have no doubt that the case now before
us can be fully sustained by precedent. It seems
to me that if honorable Senators had been in their
places—you know we had no quorum just now—
and had heard the whole argument, as I have had
the honor to do, there would not have been so
much collision of sentiment as there 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator will please
to suspend his remarks. [Laughter.] The Sen-
ate will take a recess until six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION,
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock, p. m.,-
and devoted the evening to the transaction of Ex-
ecutive business; and after some time so spent, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
[The Senate proceedings of Friday will be found after the
House proceedings of Saturday.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, September 28, 1850.
The House met at ten o'clock.
The Journal was read—occupying fifteen min-
utes—and approved.
Mr. STRONG said that the other day, when
the Committee of Elections was called for reports,
he was sick and confined to his room, and was not
able to make a report which the committee had in-
