918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
tributes to the diffusion of information throughout
the country, and of agricultural statistics, which
are permanent in their benefits, and do not pass
away, as is the case with the ephemeral political
documents to which 1 have referred.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am sorry to
trouble the Senate again, but I must say that I
think the Senator from Texas has made an argu-
ment more conclusive against the printing of this
document than either the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Bdtler] or any other Senator who
has spoken on the subject. He said that it was
for the agricultural interest, and that it would
be printed out of the patent fund, drawn from the
mechanics and inventors of the country.
Mr. HUSK. Not out of the patent fund.
Mr. DAVIS. Then X understand the Senator
tOtSay that the expense of the publication pro-
posed is not to be borne by the patent fund. There-
fore lie now admits that the expense is to be borne
by the treasury, so far as the publication is con-
cerned. The question being on the publication, it
strikes me, then, that his argument falls to the
ground. The Senator has declared, what I suppose
none will deny, that the toiling millions, agricultu-
ral and mechanical, contribute more to the welfare
of the country than any other. I will not deny it,
for it is the plainest proposition which could be
presented. But will the toiling millions, agricul-
tural or mechanical, be the recipients of this work
if it is published and franked through the mails?
I think not. The Iriends and neighbors of the
members of Congress alone will be the recipients;
and however agreeable it may be for members of
Congress thus to manifest their consideration for
their correspondents, there are other considera-
tions, higher and more important, to be consulted.
Mr. DAWSON. As I iniend to vote against
this proposhion, 1 desire to say a word. It is said
that this is the most popular of all the documents
ordered to be printed by Congress. That I believe
to be true, and the leason for it is this: The agri-
cultural interest of jhe country is very desirous
that some proteeuon should be furnished them
by this body, and the only way to get the in-
formation from which it ought to be realized
would be, by creating a bureau devoted entirely
to agricultural purposes. It is said that this is a
document for the benefit of the agricultural inter-
ests. Now, I demand to know of the Senate
where the agricultural statistics are procured upon
which this work is founded or this report is made ?
"Why, I recollect that my own State was con- j
nected with agriculture, as referred to in the last [
report, and it did not touch the subject of our j
agricultural statistics—save, I believe, in one
county, and that upon the subject of peas. Now,
if we are to distribute information on which the ;
country can reK-, let us procure it in and through
a law calling upon the various marshals of the ;
Union (as we have done in the census bill) to pro-
cure the necessary information which we call :
agricultural staiisncs. The head of the Patent |
Office is not a piactical farmer, neither is he a
writer on agricultural subjects. He is Iheretore !
not sufficiently informed on this subject, and any ;
development he may make for the benefit of the I'
agricultural interests is not to be confided in at all. j
Why ? Because he is neither praciically nor the- ;
oretically a farmer or a planter, it is true the j
book is popular, and why ? Because it is a book '
well bound, and treats on various interesting sub- |
jects. But does it treat on any one subject con- i
nected with agriculture, from which a,ny assistance
practically is to be derived, or annew.idea by
which the agricultural interest is to be benefited ?
I do not know that the other reports have fur- 1'
nished one, and I have looked to them with<6ome !
degree of interest.
Now, i should be in favor of establishing an 1'
agricultural bureau, pulling a practical man at the
head of it, who can acquire the necessary inform- ;
ation, and gather it from the necessary statistics, '
which shall be procured in and tlnough our vari-
ous marshals. Have gentlemen taken into con-
sideration the immense quantity of printing this
publicaiion alone will make? One hunuied thou- ,
sand volumes have been ordered to be printed by
the other branch of Congress, and it is proposed !
that thirty thousand shall be ordered by the Sen-
ate. Each of these volumes will contain about
five hundred pages, and when the whole one bun- ■
dred and thuty thousand copies are ordeied it ,,
will amount to sixty-five millions of pages. Then
the one hundred and thirty thousand copies are to
be distributed; thiity thousand for the Senate
will give to each Senator five hundred volumes,
tinder this distribution there would be given to
my colleague and myself, to distribute among
some one hundred thousand persons, one thou-
sand volumes, or five hundred each. In such a
division how many would procure these volumes?
One in every one hundred. Why, sir, what will
the ninety odd say ? They will ask us at once,
Do you make this publication with a view to ben-
fit the agricultural interests? If so, you must
publish coextensive with the wants of the coun-
try. But if you do it merely for your own grati-
fication, or upon which to found practical le-
gislation, make the number correspond with the
requisition of the body which is in want of the
information. Then the question is brought to
this: Is the report one which you expect to derive
any information upon which you intend to found
action for the benefit of the country, or for either
the agricultural or mechanical interests? None.
Then it is reduced to this idea: We merely pub-
lish it to gratify the wishes of the country, or of
about one in every one hundred of our constitu-
ency. This wish aiises out of the desire that
this Government shall establish a bureau of agri-
culture, which shall furnish to us practical and
reliable information in relation to agriculture. It
cannot do it from the Patent Office. And I will
take the occasion to say that the establishment of
a bureau for this purpose will be much less ex-
pensive to the country than the annual cost of
publishing these volumes, which 1 do not consider
of the least importance to the country. To print
and bind one hundred and thirty thousand copies
of these volumes must cost $130,000 at least. An
agricultural bureau can be created and kept up
merely on the interest of that expense.
By the census of 1850 the statistics and general
information in regaid to agriculture obtained by
ihe marshals will be furnished, and the first report
from the Patent Office after that period will con-
tain all the information on the subject that can be
relied on for the next ten years. The reports of
the succeeding nine years, therefore, will be but a
repetition of that infoimation; and are we, then,
to publish, year after year, at an expense of
$130,000 each year, volumes that will be but a
repetition of what has preceded them ? I believe,
with the Senator from Mississippi, that if we are
to commence a reform in relation to these extrava-
gant printing expenditures, there is no better time
to do it than now.
Mr. BORLAND. There is a single point on
which 1 wish to remark. The question has been
asked as to what would be the expense of publish-
ing this work ? I judge of it by a comparison with
the expense of publishing the report ot last year.
The agricultural portion of the Patent Office re-
pot t of last year contained a little more than eight
hundred pages, and it cost forty-two cents a vol-
ume—the whole book without the plates.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Without the
plates ?
Mr. BORLAND. So I understand. Thepresent
work, judging from the amount of manuscript,
will be about two hundred pages less in amount
than the report of last year. Making an allowance
for the plate? and for binding, I suppose the cost •
this year per volume will not exceed filly cents.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. How much will
the plates cost ?
Mr. BORLAND. I cannot estimate with any
precision, but 1 suppose about two cents. On the
most extravagant estimate the cost of the volumes
will riot exceed fifty cents each.
I wish to say one thing in reference to the re- :
mark of the Senator from Georgia in regard to the !
character of the information in these repoits. He
states that the Commissioner is not competent,
either practically or theoretically, to make a valu-
able report on agricultural subjects. I would re-
mind the Senator that, as seen ly referm.g to the
work itself, it does not consist of information t.om-
municated by or of any speculations entered into
by the Commissionei of Patents himself, but of
statistics furnished to him, in response to circulais
issued by him, by the most intelligent farmers and
planters of the whole countiy. Even m my State,
one of the most distant from the seat of Govern-
ment and one of the newest, and where agriculture
has perhaps made as little progress as in any other Y
State, I know of a number of the most intelligent ij
farmers and planters who have been engaged for
several years in collecting statistics and informa-
tion on these very subjects for the benefit of the
Patent Office report, and, through its distribution,
of the American people generally. It is from this
class of people that we get the most applications
for these documents. They believe it to be the
most valuable document primed by Congress,and,
indeed, the only one from which the agriculturist
derives any useful infoimation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Will the chair-
man of the committee inform the Senate whether
there has been any other document heretofore pub-
lished which has been bound and which contained
plates? for therein 1 think is the solution of the
great demand for this document.
Mr. BORLAND. I am not aware what has
been the fact as to years past. I think we have,
however, printed documents containing plates—one
I recollect, in relation to sugar, was deemed of great
value.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. That was a part
of the Patent Office report.
Mr. BORLAND. It was published, I believe,
under the coast survey, although it contained in-
formation of great value to the agricultural inter-
ests. I think also there have been various geo-
logical reports printed which contained plates, and
very interesting ones too.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I desire to
ask another question, whether those reports were
not in demand the instant they were published;
and-whether, as the Senator will bear witness, the
number of copies were not insufficient to meet the
demand ?
Mr. BORLAND. This arose from the small
number printed.
Mr. DAVIS. Of Fremont's report there was a
very large number.
Mr. BORLAND. It referred to a subject of
general interest. So with the Patent Office report,
and hence the general demand for it. Every man
in the United States is interested in the agriculture
of the United States, and he seeks statistical inform-
ation on the subject, whereas geological informa-
tion generally is in comparatively limited demand.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would not trespass on the
attention of the Senate with observations on a
question of this sort, but having the misfortune to
disagree with my colleague in the views he has
intimated, and being under a strong conviction that
I do but fulfill the wishes of the people of the Stale
we jointly represent, in advocating the printing and
circulation of this report, 1 depart from that course
! on this occasion. Sir, I can bear testimony, from
j years of experience, to the fact, that there is no
, other document published by the authorily of Oon-
; gress that is in such demand in the State m which
; I live as this particular document, and I must say
; that there is too much intelligence in the people of
j my State to make that demand originate eiiher in
plates or binding. The demand for the perusal of
, that document arises from the value they attach to
the information it conveys; and that is not the sta-
tistics of agriculture, as it has been expressed—the
results of agricultural labor—but the piocesses by
which those results are produced. This book con-
tains a collection of information upon various agii-
cullural subjects in regard to the processes by
which agricullure may he most advantageously
conducted, and it is this information, and not ihe
amount of this or that product, which, generally
speaking, constitute the statistics of agriculture.
And that information it is not necessary that the
head of the Patent Office should be either a farmer
or a practical agriculturist to communicate. He is
but the medium through which these various re-
ports communicated to the Patent Office are again
circulated tiiioughout ihe Union. And 1 believe I
can say for myself, and from ihe testimony of
others, that much practical benefit has been de-
rived from the perusal of these volumes, and that
they were equally m demand when formerly put
up without binding, without plates, and in a man-
ner not creditable totlie American Congress. My
colleague speaks of the number printed, one hun-
dred arid thirty thousand, and on that point the
argument is made to contradict itself'. We are
told of the vast expense which is to result fiom
the publication of a hundred and thirty thousand
copies, and then, in the next euve, that the repre-
sentative portion assigned to each Senator for dis-
tribution is vastly inadequate to the demand made
