1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2013
Insert at the end of the first section the following:
"Ami th t every officer, private,or musician, or any naval
officer, «eaman. or marine, whether ot regulars, volunteers',
or imhtia, who has actually been under fire in any engage-
ment with the enemy, shall be entitled to one hundred and
sixty acres of laud, and each of the surviving officers and
seamen of the navy of the United Staters, or in th« event ot
their death, their widows or minor children, who performed
service on board of any ol the public armed vessels of the
United St'ites, or on land, in either of the wais aforesaid,
shall he entitled to like quantities of land for hke' terms of
service as hereinbefore provided for officers and privates in
the military service of the United States."
Mr. MASON said, that the committee advised a
non-concuri-f-nce in this amendment.
Mr. FOWLER demanded the yeas and nays on
the question; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was rejected.
The 7th amendment of the Senate was read as
follows: Insert the following section:
;cSec. 2. Jlndbeit further enacted, tyc , That the period
during which any officer or soldier may have remained in
captivity with the enemy &hill l>« estimated and added to
the period of his actual scrvire, ami the person so detained
in captivity shall receive land under the provisions of this
act in the same manner that he would he entitled in ca-^e he
had entered the service for the whole term made ui> by the
addition of the ume of his captivity, and had served during
such term."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
No. 8. Change section 2 of the House bill to
section 3. Agreed to.
Amendment No. 9 was read, as follows:
Insert after the word " widow," preceding the first pro-
vi-o in the first sect on, file following word*-, " who t-hall
receive one hundred and sixty acie* of land in case her
husband was killed in battle, but not to her heirs."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to without a. division.
The 10th amendment:
Alter the word "■she" in the first section, and first after
the first proviso, strike out the wmds, " was married to
i=aid officer or soldier before the conclusion ©f Ilia service
and '*
The question was put, and the amendment
•was concurred in.
Amendment, No 11.
In section third, after the word <l certificate," strike out
words "In reinbefore piovided for," and insert, " issued or
to be issued, or any land granted or to be granted, under the
provisions of this act."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to, without a division.
Amendment No. 12:
In section third, after the word " issue," insert the words
" of such warrant or certificate."
The amendment was agreed to, without a divis-
ion.
Amend ment No. 13. At the end of the bill, add
the following:
" Provided, further, That it shall be the duty of the Com-
missioner ot the General Land Office, undersuch regulations
as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior, to
cause to be located, free of expense, any warrant which the
holder may transmit to the General Land Office for {hat pur-
pose, in Mich State and land district as the said holder or
wanant^e may designate, and upon good farming land, so
far as the same can be ascertained from the maps, plat*, and
field notes o( the surveyor, or from any other infoi matron in
the possession of the local orfice; and upon the location he-
ins inade, a'oresaid, the Secretary >-hall cause a patent to
be" transmitted to -uch warrantee: Jlnd provided, further,
That no patent i«ued under this act shall be delimed upon
any powt-r of attorney or agreement dated before the pas-
sage of this act; and that "all such powers of attorney or
agreements be considered and treated as null and void."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to, without a division.
Mr. POTTER desired to make an amendment
in relation to the location of the lands.
The SPEAKER said, that no amendment was
in order, the previous question having been sus-
tained.
The amendments having all been disposed of—
Mr. HALL moved to reconsider the votes upon
them, and to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was not agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the Indian appropriation
bill with the amendments of the Senate, and moved
that they be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Ordered accordingly.
GENERAL APPROPRIATIONS.
The following- message was received from the
Senate by Mr. Machen, their clerk:
"Mr. Speaker: The Senate agree to the amendment of
the House to the forty-second amendment of the Senate,
and disagree to the other of the said amendments of the
House to the amendments, and insist on their amendments
disagreed to by the House to the bill of the Hons« (No. 334)
making appropriations for rhe civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,1851, and
for other purposes."
.And then he withdrew.
Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the amendments of the
Senate to the bill making appropriation for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian De-
partment, with a recommendation that the House
agree to a portion and disagree to another portion
of said amendments; and on his moiion the bill
and amendments were referred to the Committeeof
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. B. moved that the House insist upon their
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate,
and that a committee of conference be appointed.
The motion was agreed to, and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Bayly, Jones, and Vinton, the
managers on the part of the House.
Mr. BISSELL asked the unanimous consent to
offera resolution. He hoped there would be no
objection to its reception.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
" Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay to the em-
ployees of the House, including the clerk t<> ihe Soreenut-
at-Arms, and the laborers and lauip-lmhter on the public
grounds, the same amount of compen.-auon that was paid
those occupying similar *tation> Outing the la-it Congress,
by resolution of the House, and that those who were re-
moved during the present session be paid pro rat a for the
tune tinployed."
Objection was made.
Mr. BISSELL moved to suspend the rules, to
allow him to offer the resolution.
The question was taken, and by ayes 93, noes
27, was decided in the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BISSELL offered the resolution, and asked
for the previous question.
Mr. VENABLE desired to offer an amendment,
the purportof which was to includethegate-keeper,
which, lie said, had been left out last year undera
simildr resolution.
Mr. BISSELL. He is in.
The SPEAKER stated that the amendment was
not in order, the previous question having been sec-
onded.
Mr POTTER appealed to the gentleman from
Illinois to withdraw the demand for the previous
question-, to enable him to offer an amendment.
Mr. BISSELL declined to withdra„w.
The previous question was seconded.
And the main question was ordered, being on
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. POTTER demanded the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced sixteen gentlemen only lising to order
the yeas and nays.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BISSELL moved to reconsider the vote,
and to lay the moiion on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved that the Doorkeeper and
his assistants he discharged from duty during the
remainder of the session. He said there was no
attendance at the doors, and that the lobbies were
full.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Missis-
sippi, the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Brown, of Mississippi,
in the chair.)
On motion by Mr. T., the committee proceeded
to the consideration of the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. T. said, as the amendments, which were
numerous, were not before the committee, he
would give a general outline of the propositions on
which they were called to vote.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he was
desirous to give to the committee some general
idea of what the Committee of Ways and Means
had done. The amendments were not before him,
and he could only speak fiom memory. There
were a great many amendments which had been
made to the bill bjy the Senate. Some fifteen or
twenty of these amendments were in pursuance of
recommendations from the departments. This
bill, as it went from the House, was reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means, before these
recommendations came from the departments. In*
fact, they never came before the Committee of
Ways and Means of the House. Most of these
recommendations were proper, and the committee
would have concurred in them. The reason they
were not in the bill was because they did not
come to the knowledge of the committee until after
the bill had been reported. These amendments
will probably be more particularly noticed as we
progress with the bill.
There was an amount of some $30,000 appro-
priated for commissions to Indian agents. The
committee had dissented from these appropriations
on two grounds. In the first place, there could re-
sult no damage from the delay until the next ses-
sion. In the second place, in all these places there
are agency houses, and it is not until the close of the
session that these claims have been pressed on us,
leaving no time for an examination of the subject.
So that there is an amount of from $25,000 to
$30,000 dissented from by the committee on this
ground.
There was a very large claim, amounting to some
$2,300,000, due to the Cherokee Indians. There
was a claim for $80,000 or $90,0U0 for subsistence,
with interest. This claim had its origin in 1839.
The Cherokees contended that this sum for sub-
sistence was improperly applied from the treaty
fund. He would briefly explain what was meant
by the treaty fund. In the year 3835, the Gov-
ernment of the United States entered into a treaty
with the Indians for the purcha&e Qf their lands in
the Stares of Alabama, Georgia, &c. Theamount
of $5,000,000 was appropriated to carry out the
provisions of this treaty, designating certain pur-
poses for which a portion of the sum was to be
applied, and that the residue should be distributed
among the tiibe. There was very great difficulty
in making this treaty, and about as much difficulty
in carrying it out. There was a gieat misunder-
standing between the Government of the United
States and these Indians. The complaints of the
Indians were so loud and so frequent, that the
Government thought it prudent to yield m some
instances to the demands pressed upon it, until the
amount had been swelled to upwards of seven
millions,. The Indians complained that the treaty
fund had been improperly applied—that it had been
distributed in a manner not intended by the In-
dians, nor consistent with the terms and spirit of the
treaty. It was also complained- that the Govern-
ment of the United States had charged the Indians
too much under the item of subsistence. In the
year 1846, this dispute was referred to the Senate
of the United States, as the arbitrator in the case.
It examined the subject with great care, and finally
agreed to give the sum of $189,000, with interest.
By the 9th article of the treaty, it is stipulated that
there shall be a general settlement between the
Government and the Indians, and that our Govern-
ment shall pay over to these Indians whatever
may be found due to them.
Some years ago the matter in dispute was re-
ferred to the accounting officers of the Treasury to
examine and report oirthe subject. Those officers
investigated the matter, and reported that the
amount due to the Indians was $680,000. An
appropriation to that amount was inserted by the
Senate in the appropriation bill of the last Con-
gress, and was disagreed to by the House; and
subsequently, in the committeeof conference, was
stricken out of the bill.
To this $96,000 have been added by the Senate,
which they regard as fair and liberal. That is
stricken out by the committee.
There ought to he a final settlement between the
Government and these Cheiokee Indians. They
have pressed their claims on us through their
agents, for a number of years. But in thi%snstance
they have not come before any committee of the
House until the session of Congress is about to
close, and there is no opportunity left us to exam-
ine into the subject as carefully as we ought. On
this account the committee had determined to re-
port in favor of a disallowance of this item. We
have no assurance that this would be regarded as
a final settlement. The committee, therefore, has
determined to report its disagreement to this amend-
ment, with a view to having the subject lie over
until the next session. He had thought it proper
to make this explanation, in order that the reasons
by which the committee were influenced should be
known to the House.
