1850;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
for them. The fact is, that we are about pursuing
the course which we have done heretofore. The
proposition here is to print thirty thousand copies,
and we have no right to look to what the House has
dooe on the subject; but, if we are, I deduce from it
the strongest argument in favor of printing. The
House are the immediate representatives of the
people of the United States; are supposed to ex-
press the wish of the people, and to be better
informed in relation to their sentiments, coming as
they do more immediately from them; and the
vote they have given for the printing of a hundred
thousand copies is a very distinct expression of
what they believe to be the wish of the people on
the subject. It is said that five hundred copies
are to be given to each Senator, and my colleague
says, that, to a constituency of a hundred thou-
sand, to whom they are to be appropriated, it will
be a very inadequate supply. Why, the same
argument would apply equally as an objection
against the printing of any document whatever
under the authority of Congress. We can never
print in sufficient quantities to give one to each in-
dividual, though it might be more important with
a view to the diffusion of certain political docu-
ments than this. A copy of this report read by
an intelligent farmer, and imparting to him inform-
ation upon^the subject of some agricultural pro-
cess, even if read by him alone, if the information
was availed of, and conduced to a practical result,
exerts a beneficial result within the circle in which
the man lives. It is not, therefore, merely the
man who reads who is benefited by it, but the
whole of the immediate country, by seeing the
practical beneficial results to which the information
has led. I am not disposed to occupy the time of
the Senate further on this subject. We have had
every year the same difficulties in regard to the
printing of this report, and every year the Senate
Sias assen'.ed to the printing, i know that 1 do but
obey the wishes of my immediate constituents
when I support this motion to print, and I feel it
my duty thus to express? what rbelieve to be their
wishes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to return
the Senator from Georgia the compliment he has
paid to Mississippi. 1 wish to tell him 
Mr. BERRIEN. If the Senator supposes that
anything I have said was intended as a reflection
on the JState of Mississippi, he has entirely mis-
conceived me.
Mi. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I supposed the
gentleman to intimate that only by persons want-
ing in intelligence could it be that the work was
desired on account of the plates and binding, and
that 
Mr. BERRIEN. I said of the citizens of
Georgia, expressing their desire to have copies of
this book, that they were too intelligent to be in-
fluenced by the consideration that it was bound and
contained plates, but that they valued it on account
of the information which it imparts.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then it was an
oblique cut, or, if the Senator pleases, no cut at
all. But as Georgia is the mother of Mississippi,
I must be permitted to appear in defence of the
planters and farmers of Geotgia. I contend that
they are too intelligent and well informed about
their own interests to go to a work like this to as-
certain how they shall rear their stock or culti-
vate their land. I think, if the gentleman himself
was a practical farmer and planter, as able as he
is a lawyer, he would have held other views on
this occasion. 1 would like to know how a farmer
or a planter of Georgia will derive any benefit from
a treatise, however beautifully or ably written it
may be, upon the humble bee, or from plates
of bugs, beetles, and lizards, however well exe- :
cuted they may be? They will laugh to scorn ;
any such proposition. Yet there are, no doubt,
among them many curious and speculative minds,
who would desire to possess in their libraries a
work of this kind, if ably written, and particularly
if it was illustrated with plates and neatly bound,
and sent to them free of cost. But to the practical
farmer and planter it contains no information in
the least degree useful to him in his agricultural
pursuits.
Mr. BERRIEN". The Senator from Missis-
sippi seems* to be better informed in relation to the
planting interests of Georgia than her immediate
representatives, and he supposes that if I had culti-
vated the earth with as much diligence as, Iliad
the profession of the law— • |
Mr. DAVIS, (in his seat.) Reached the same
elevation.
Mr. BERRIEN. I should have arrived at the
same conclusion to which he has. I beg to say to
the'Senator from Mississippi that for forty years
I have been a cultivator, and that I have been in
the habit of looking into the process of cultivation,
and of conversing with intelligent planters of my
State on the subject. I profess, then, not to ex-
press an opinion, but to be delivering testimony
before the Senate, when I say, and repeat, that
this book receives the approbation of the entire
body of planters of the State of Georgia. I say
that I am delivering testimony, and not expressing
an opinion; for I have conversed with them, and
corresponded with them, in relation to this work. 1
did no more when I rose before, having the mis-
fortuue to differ with my colleague, than to express
what I believe to be the feelings and wishes of the
people of my own State, and my personal convic-
tions, after forty years'experience.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 inferred, from
the hish elevation which the gentleman had
reached in the profession of the law, and from the
maxim of Lord Coke, that the law was a jealous
mistress and allowed none to share her favor, that
the gentleman was not a practical farmer at the
same time that he was so distinguished* in the diffi-
cult and abstruse science of the law. But I will,
without expressing my own opinions further, say
that if the planters of Georgia come to Congress
to learn how to cultivate their lands; if this Gov-
ernment is to become the agricultural instructor of
the people, then, as I have heard it was remarked
by one who was honored when living, and is still
remembered for his practical wisdom, (Nathaniel
Macon,) in such case the time will soon arrive
when the people will have to import their seed
corn.
Mr. FOOTE. I have been in the habit of
voting for appropriations of the character of the
one under consideration, and it is with some pain
that 1 announce my unwillingness to do so on th
present occasion. I find, upon inquiry among n y
friends who recommend this appropriation, that
none of them yet have had an opportunity of
examining the contents of the remaining volume.
They cannot, therefore, vouch for its contents,
and we must take everything concerning it upon
presumption. We are to take it for granted that
the remaining volume will not be more valuable
than the first volume, a specimen of which I hold
in my hand. I at least do not think it unreason-
able to take it thus for granted. It is styled,
" Report of the Commissioner of Patents for the
year 1849: Part the 1st." Now, sir, part the
first, so far as I have heard, is considered by all
who have read it to be the most ridiculous product
tion which has ever made its appearance in this or
any other country. I undertake to say that this
book contains more to startle the man of taste,
more to disgust the man of judgment, and more to
cause a high-spirited American to hang down his
head with mortification at the idea that it was
published under the sanction of Congress, than
any book of the kind which has ever forced itself
on the attention of the American public. The
very title page alarmed and horrified me, and it
will, in ray opinion, to some extent, justly exclude
the book from the consideration of all intelligent,
practical, and patriotic men—in the South, at
least. I will read it:
" Report of tlie Commissioner of Patents,
For the year 1849. Part 1. Arts and Manutactures,
Embiactng the Commissioner's views of the
Origin and progress of Invention.
The Motors-—Chief Levers of Civilization.
Proposed Applications of the Patent Fund :
1. Publication of Specifications ; 2. Preparation of a
General Analytical and Descriptive Index of Inven-
tions ; 4. Ina'rution of National Pitzes..
I And on the Propulsion of Steamers.
With an Introduction."
! By whom? By Horace Greeley. So it is mod-
; estly proposed to us, that, under the auspices of
I Mr. Greeley, we shall give authority and sanction
| to*such views, practical, philosopical, and philan-
| thropical, as Mr. Greeley may suppose—he being
i the most distinguished champion of what is called
Socialism in this country—may tend to attain
most certainly the great practical purposes to
which he devotes his life. I will not trouble the
Senate by reading any very extended extracts
from this strange production of Mr. Greeley's—
filled with things as.strange as ever emanated from
his strange mind. We are ail aware that he is a
ph.ilosopher and philanthropist of the strong Ab*
olition stripe. He closes his introduction to this
report with this extract:
" The value of the suggestions herein contained, to in-
ventors and discoverers, cannot be over-estimated; while
it is believed that the ranks of these benefactors of man-
kind are destined soon to be largely recruited from those of
the engineers, machinists, mechanics, &c., &c., whom ibis
work will fire with a noble ambition to tread the path to
eminent usefulness and tame, which here opens broadly,
invitingly, before them, in fine, it is believed that, as a
text-book ot labor, signally calculated to incite all to lives
of active beneficence. and lolly achievement, this treatise
wdl commend itself to the understandings and hearts of
thousands, aw,iking a generous ambition and a just self-
reliance in many breasts hitherto re?poneive to no higher
summons than that of sensual appetite, or sordid interest,
or slngai-hly bewailing their limited opportunities, and the
ni |z<uil di-pensauons of fortune. In ihe faith that such re-
sults must foilow it> general perusal, this report is earnestly
commended lo the regard of the philanthropic, and the study
of the young. May its diffusion be commensurate with its
merits."
It is intended, it will be seen, for the benefit of
the young, and in aid of certain philanthropical
schemes to which Mr. Greeley and his associates
have been devoting themselves for some years past,
much to the edification of the country, but some-
what to the embroilment of the social harmony of
the land. The very fact that Mr. Greeley was
employed to write the introduction is sufficient to
damn the work with me, and render it utterly
worthless in my consideration. Much as I dislike
to troub'e the Senate, I will read an extract or two
to prove that my comments are not too harsh or
undeserved.
Mr. BORLAND. One word of explanation, if
the Senator will permit me, may save him that
trouble. His comments, so far as they apply to
Mr. Greeley and the introduction to this work,
are all very just; but it so happens that that is not
the work now before the Senate which it is pro-
posed to print. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOOTE. 1 understand that, perfectly.
Mr. BORLAND. A copy of the work to which
the Senator refers was procured by Mr. Greeley
in some way unknown to the Commissioner of
Patents, and has been published to the world. It
has not been printed as yet by Congress at all, but
the original report of the Commissioner has been
directed to be printed by the Senate, and fifteen
I thousand copies of it ordered. The second report,
i now before the Senate, istheagricultural portion, or
| a compilation of the information sent to the care of
the Commissioner of Patents, and with the prep-
aration of which I suppose that officer has not
had a great deal to do; because the information
was collected under the supervision of Dr. Lee,
who is connected with the Patent Office for that
purpose, and has been arranged and presented by
him. So all the remarks of the Senator from Mis-
sissppi have no lapplication to the subject before
us at all.
Mr. FOOTE. With the utmost desire to ob-
tain information on this subject, I have listened
attentively to what has just fallen from the Sena-
tor from Arkansas; but I must confess I have not
obtained a particle from him. I knew exactly as
much in regard to it before my friend made his
remarks as I do now. I was referring to the first
part of this same report, the second part of which
it is now proposed to print at the expense of the
Government, and, on the principle embodied in
the Latin maxim, " ex uno disce omnes,,y I thought
I had a specimen, and a very favorable specimen,
of the whole work before us. This first part of
the report, to which I referred, it appears, was
furnished to Mr. Greeley, and under his aid and
sanction, sent forth to the world, for the purpose
' of adding to the fame and getting up a little popu-
larity in advance for the Commissioner of Patents.
I i«derstand my friend from Arkansas to inti-
matethat Mr. Greeley got possession of the first
pfart of the report surreptitiously. If so, he ought
to have been exposed long since by the Commis-
sioner of Patents, and denounced in the public
prints, or punished as the crime would deserve.
Now, although I am certainly not a man to sym-
j! pathize with Mr. Greeley, yet, much as I abhor
1 his course and detest his paper, and the man him-
i self, I do not believe he is so great a villain as
j surreptitiously to abstract documents from the
■ files of this body and publish them to the world,
j It was published, I undertake to say, with the
j sanction of the Commissioner; and it was with the
i intention of putting the whole report under his
! auspices that Mr. Greeley was requested to write
j the introduction, an extract from which I hsue
