2014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
Another arpemlment of the Senate was on the
'subject of a Georgia claim for damages, during the
difficulties with the Indians. About the time when
war rsged between the Creek Indians of Alabama
and Georgia, depredations were committed on
property which was occupied by the troops of the
United States. Buildings which had been thus
occupied had been burnt and destroyed by the In-
dians. It had been agreed by the Senate that as
this was a depredation on private property, it was
right that the claim be allowed. But the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means consider that in rela-
tion to damages arising to individuals during an
open rupture, this Government has never been in
the practice of allowing compensation. On this
ground, the Committee of Ways and Means agreed
to recommend to the House to disagree to this
amendment; of the Senate. They desired more in-
formation on the subject, before they could decide
on the merits of the claim-, and it is now too late in
the session to obtain it.
In the next amendment, the Committee of Ways
and Means recommend to the House to concur.
Genera! Mcintosh was an Indian friendly to the
^United States. Our Government had agreed to
pay his party the sum of $100,000; and, m good
faith, Congress appropriated the amount. Of this
sum, $15 000 had been paid in part. Last year,
some of the Mcintosh party had come to the seat
of Government, and stated that they had never ie*-
ceived any portion of thisgrant. A portion of that
appropriation, to the amount of $41,000, had been
transferred to the surplus fund, because it had not
been called for during the two years prescribed by
law. It was thought right by the Senate that this
sum should be now withdrawn from the surplus
fund, and distributed among the Mcintosh party.
The Committeeof Ways and Means, agreeing with
the Senate in the propriety of this course, have
determined to recommend a concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate.
Again: during the war with Mexico, the State
of Texas called out into her service eight compa-
niesofTexan volunteers, who were stationed along
the frontier of that State. She kept these troops
in her service for some time. And she has now
come forward with a claim on the Government of
the United States for the payment and subsistence
of these troops during the time they were thus em-
ployed in the service of the State. The State of
Texas had been industrious in pressing these
claims on the attention of the Government. So far
as he was informed, this subject had not yet been
investigated by any committee in either branch of
Congress. He was certain it had never been ex-
amined hy any committee of the House.
Mr. KAUFMAN stated that it had been inves-
tigated by a committee of the House. And he had
yesterday handed to the gentleman from Missis-
sippi a report made by that committee.
Mr. THOMPSON. That was a report from
the Senate.
Mp. KAUFMAN. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is mistaken. It was a report from a com-
mittee of the House in favor of the claim
Mr. THOMPSON. It was a report from Mr.
Ewmg.
Mr. KAUFMAN. Mr. Ewing of the House
Qf Representatives.
Mr. THOMPSON said he would then with-
draw his statement. He had been misled by the
name, taking it for Ewing of the Senate. A bill
on this subject is now pending, having been re-
ported some time ago. In this condition of things,
the Committee of Ways and Means did not con-
sider that it would be strictly in order to attach
this bill to the appropriation bill in the-shape of
amendment. It was a subject which ought to be
considered and discussed both in committee and
by the House before it was adopted. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means place' their report on
this ground, that this measure was only referred
to the committee at nine o'clock this morning and
the House met at ten. The committee was urged
to dispose of the business in its hands. The
House, therefore, would see clearly that the com-
mittee could not do justice to themselves, or to the
House, had they given a sanction to thisamendment
without the investigation Jt required,and which it
was impossible to give to it so near the close of the
session. The committee thought it the most proper
course to deal frankly with the House, and report
that they had not time to go into the examination.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked leave of the gentleman
from Mississippi to make a short explanation, t
After the termination of the war with Mexico, and
before any of the troops of the United States had
been stationed on the borders of Texas, owing to
the frequent murders perpetrated by the Indians,
it was considered necessary to provide some means
for the defence of the frontier. The troops of
Texas were therefore called out by the authority
of the Government, for that purpose. The agents
of Texas had now been here for many months
urging the claim of the State to be reimbursed this
necessary expenditure. The claim had received
the almost unanimous sanction of the committees
of both Houses. If it would have been out of
order for the Committee of Ways and Means to
introduce this amendment formerly, it could be so
no longer now that the amendmenthas come from"
the Senate. As. the appropriation had received
the almost unanimous sanction of the committees
of both Houses, he hoped the opposition of the
gentleman from Mississippi would not have the
effect of defeating it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will -the gentleman from
Mississippi permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THOMPSON. 1 hope the gentleman will
not ask me any questions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I merely wish to know what
is the amount ?
Mr. THOMPSON replied that he could not
give any correct statement of the amount. He
would now pass on to another amendment to
which the Committee of Ways and Means had
recommended that the House disagree. It was
the appropriation with regard to certain claims
of Potawatomie Indians. Several years ago, the
War Department instructed General Mitchell to
go to these Indians, in the Northwest, for the
purpose of receiving, auditing and settling their
claim for sums due to them for their removal from
their lands. The agent performed his duty, and
the Indians presented to him claims to the amount
of $93,000, of which the amount passed on and
allowed was $88,000. Mr. Crawford, the Secre-
tary of War, directed this sum to be paid to the
Indians out of the Indian annuities. The pre-
cise ground on which this decision was made .he
was not able to give. In the appropriation bill
of 1848, the Senate inserted a clause giving this
$88,000 to be paid out of the Indian annuities.
This appropriation was concurred in by the House
of Representatives. The dispute which has now
risen up is,,whether this sum shall be paid in con-
formity with the law of Congress, or out of the
public Treasury. Congress directed it ta be paid
out of the Indian annuities; and as there can be no
danger from a brief delay,as it can as well be done
next session as now, as there was no time to ex-
amine this business, and as this claim had not been
presented while this bill was before the Committee
of Ways and Means, the committee think it better
to delay any action on the matter until the next
session. The committee cannot consent to over- ,
rule a decision of a former Congress without taking
a little more time for deliberation. On this ground, \
they recommend to the House to disagree to the 1
amendment of the Senate. J
There is also an amendment in favor of David j
Taylor, who is an old acquaintance of many mem- j
bers of this House. The Senate had inserted an |
amendment to pay his claim. The Committee of |
Ways and Means had recommended to the House |
to disagree to this amendment. i
Mr.CLlNGMAN asked a question, which could j
not be distinctly heard. # jl
Mr. THOMPSON said, he would be candid,and )j
state to the gentleman from North Carolina what !
he knew on the subject. This claim of David
Taylor had been rejected by an overwhelming \\
vote. But the committee had not before it the jj
full information it desired. It may be that it is ij
payment for a reservation of lands, and it may be
that the sum appropriated will inure to the bene- ji
fit of Taylor's wife and children. The committee ][
did not go into that question.
There was one other amendment to which he I
desired to call attention. He did not pretend to !(
perfect accuracy in his statements, as he could i!
only speak from memory as the amendments oc-
curred to him. This amendment has relation to
the agent from Utah. The Senate had inserted
$5,000 as compensation for this agent. It is said
that we paid a similar amount to the agent from
Oregon. This appeared to be the belief of the
Senate, and led to the insertion of this clause.
Mr. HALL said, that in regard to Oregon there
was an appropriation of $10,000. The Oregon
agents received $2,500 each. They were exposed
to great hardships, but' that was the highest
amount they received.
Mr. THOMPSON resumed. The Senate had
appropriated $5,000 for the agent from Utah, in-
cluding the Indian presents. This gentleman
comes here as the accredited agent from the
people of Utah. The Oregon agent was sent here
as an express, to bring the news of the Indian
wars which had broken out, &c., and he was paid
bountifully for the service he performed. The
committee recommend the House to disagree to
this amendment.
There was one other amendment, and with that
he would conclude. The Senate had put in a
long item in relation to the taking the census of
the East Cherokees.
Mr. T. proceeded to make some remarks on
the subject of this item in the amendments
of the Senate, in which the Committee of
Ways and Means had recommended a non-con-
currence on the part of the House. But there
was so much confusion in the vicinity of the Re-
porters' desk, that the explanation was mostly in-
audible.
Mr. CROWELL asked if there had been any
appropriation made for this Utah agent?
Mr THOMPSON said that the committee had
reeommended in this bill increased appropriations
for Indian objects.
Mr. CROWELL. But ifot for this special ob-
ject?
Mr. THOMPSON. No. But as these appropri-
ations were very large, some of them might be
applied to that object. The Senate inserted an ap-
propriation for treaties with the Indians in Cali-
fornia. But it so far exceeded",that for Oregon
that the committee thought it better to wait until
the proper department should have looked into the
matter, and made a report on which Congress
could properly act. It was much better that we
should go on understandinjly. And as there was
no great hurry, the committee had thought it bet-
ter to disagree to this amendment.
[At this stage of the debate, the following mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by Mr. Dick-
ins, their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: Tiie Senate have agreed to the conference
ask<>d by the Housh upon the disagreeing votfs of the two
Houspstipon ihe bill of the House (No. 334) mafctng appro-
priations tor the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30,1851, and for other
purposes, and have appointed Messrs. Dickinson, Socle,
and Badger managers on their part.  
And he then withdrew.]
Mr. WELLBORN said, he desired to make a
very few remarks in relation to the claim of
$21,000 to the State of Georgia. He would prom-
ise to occupy the attention of the committee only
a few moments.
Mr. POTTER rose to suggest whether it would
not be the better course for the gentleman from
Georgia to postpone his remarks until the amend-
ment came up for consideration ?
Mr. WELLBORN, after prefacing that it might
perhaps be the more regular course, but that he
would prefer, under all the circumstances, saying
what he had to say now, went on as follows;
Mr. Chairman: I ask the attention of the com-
mittee to a statement I propose to make in behalf
of a claim inserted by the Senate as an amendment
to the Indian appropriation bill, now about to be
acted on. It is for the principal sum of twenty-
one thousand and forty-two dollars, and is founded
on the destruction, in 1836, by the Creek Indians,
of a ware and storehouses, then the property of
Henry W. Jernigan and partners, on the banks of
the Chattachoochee river, in Stewart county,
Georgia.
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that the general
rule is, that Governments will not assume to pay
individual losses sustained by their citizens conse-
quential on war. The rule is justified by the ne-
cessity of the case; and aware of this, I have
declined to trouble the Congress with many cases
of great hardship that were occasioned in my own
district by the Indians in the war to which I have
alluded, which it would have been very gratifying
to me to se^ provided for, were it possible. But
the case now immediately m view stands on a dif-
ferent ground, and one that falls within the usages
of the Government. The property was destroyed
while in the occupation and use of the troops of
