1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
report prepared by the clerk in the Commissioner's
office, specifying his name. If, upon examina-
tion, they find out that the clerk was permitted to
pursue a course in preparing this matter for publi-
cation at our hands, not heretofore customary, let
them pursue this course. But they do not know
it. This Commissioner of Patents is the superin-
tendent of the whole department; the clerk is a
mere subordinate. Is any one prepared to assert
that the Commissioner of Patents devolved this
duty upon the clerk without exercising that super-
intendent vilgilance over him which is required
of him? If so, he has not done his whole duty;
he has neglected to perform his duty, which is, to
exercise a superintendent discretion over all the
labors of his office; to gi^e his mind, his best
faculties to the whole subject of the report, so that
every part of the report may be prepared in a
practical manner, as the reports of the Commis-
sioners of Patents have been heretofore. But, sir,
if he surrendered this part of his duty entirely to
the clerk, he is unfit for the office, and the sooner
he is expelled from it the better. If he retained
in his own hands this part of the task as well as
the first part, and performed this duty as unskill-
fully, as fancifully, as unpractically, as ridicu-
lously as the first part, then it is most clear that
the whole report is not only valueless, but that we
will more or less take from the dignity of the
nation by giving our official sanction to it in the
manner proposed. I do not care what position
gentlemen assume; whether this is the production
of the clerk or of the Commissioner of Patents,
unless they are prepared to say that they have
gone into a full examination of the matter, and as-
certained that the report is valuable enough to be
printed.
A friend has placed in my hand a memorandum
upon this subject, which states what is the con-
current opinion of all the practical men with whom
I have conversed upon this subject. I will read
the facts which it contains. It is speculative and
full of blunders. It contains learned treatises,
with plates of mushrooms and fungi, a very
curious history of the humble bee, and a map of
statistics from the newspapers of the country. It
will cost §1 50 a copy to print it. The one
hundred and eighty thousand copies ordered by
the House will cost $150,000; the thirty thousand
copies ordered by the Senate $45,000; making in
all §195,000. The writer of this memorandum
also says, " I have examined the book and believe
it to be a mass of trash; the substance of it has
been printed over and over again." No doubt of
it, and yet it is urged at the present time by gen-
tlemen who do not profess to know anything of
the value of the book, but would indulge a pre-
sumption in favor of the merits of the book, al-
though all the facts show the reverse. The book
is utterly valueless. For one, sir, I cannot sustain
the motion of my friends, although gentlemen
with whom I should be delighted to vote, if they
were prepared to give me the information I desire.
I am unwilling to vote upon any presumption,
and especially on one, based m part, at least, upon
theautnonty ofone HoraceGredey^chief of social-
ism in the city of New York. I tell my friends that
they will find themselves, after a while, a good
deal surprised and mortified, when they see in the
remainder of this book the principles of socialism
advocated by Horace Greeley, successfully pre-
pared for publication and diffusion through this
Government, in the second part of the report of
the Commissioner of Patents. I do not say that
such will be the fact, but it is just the sort of
thing I should be prepared to see emanate from
this Commissioner of Patents. Mr. Gteeley, and
his whole system of greelyism, abolitionism, and
fanaticism generally, J hold in the utmost contempt.
I will not touch, taste, or handle the unclean thing
in any shape or form. The name of Greeley and
of other kindred spirits, is sufficient to send a
thrili of hoiror through my veins; it creates in my
mind feelings of distrust; and I feel bound, as a
practical honest man, and as a patriot, to yield to
those feelings.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, one of the most
sagacious statesmen that Virginia ever sent to the
national legislature, the late John Randolph, de-
clared some twenty years ago that such was his
judgment of the downward tendency of things in
the Federal Government, that the day would
speedily arrive when a reference to the Constitution
of the United States, as a reason why a power
should not be exercised, would be treated as a
breach of order. I do not know whether that day
has yet arrived, but I fear that an objection taken
to the exercise of this power by the absence of
constitutional right, if he who suggests it is not
called to order for making the suggestion, will have
very little support. Now, sir, I humbly submit
to this Senate, what right have we either to author-
ize the compilation of this book, or to sanction it
after it is compiled ? Sir, I have referred to the
Constitution, and trite though it be, the sentence
is short, and I beg leave to read it to the Senate.
This book emanates from the Patent Office. By
what authority did we create this Patent Office ?
By the authority of the Constitution. I read the
clause as follows: "Congress shall have power to
* promote the progress of science and useful
'arts." How? " By securing, for a limited time,
'toauthois and inventors, the exclusive right to
' their respective writings and discoveries." And
that is the whole extent of the power that is
granted. " Congress shall have power to pro-
mote the progress of science and of useful arts;"
but in a manner strictly circumscribed—that is,
" by securing, for a limited ume, to authors and
inventors the exclusive right to their respective
writings and discoveries." Now, sir, what is
proposed? WhaJ has been done over and over
again, to promote, it is said, the progiess of science
and the useful arts, is to sanction a usurped au-
thority, on the part of this Patent officer, in these
compilations of Heaven knows what, and then to
diffuse them by an appropriation of the public
money. Gentlemen have said it is time to stop
this abuse, and to go into reforms. I say it is no
reform—none whatever. I understand a reform to
be a restriction on the abuse of powers that are
granted, or an exemption from the exercise of
them. It is no reform to refuse to exercise a
power that is not only not granted, but that is
strictly prohibited by the very terms of the grant
referred to. I do not know if the yeas and nays
have been ordered on the amendment; if not, I
call for them now.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TURNEY. I intend to vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Davis,] and for the report of the committee. I
shall nut be mi&led by ihe arguments of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] in relation to
the Commissioner of Patents, Mr. Greeley, or
anybody else. I understand that this document
consists of information acquired by a clerk in the
Patent Office, who is assigned to discharge that
duty, by sending ctrcuiars requesting information
to the various portions of the United States. In-
formation has been thus acquired for years past,
and yet the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. i* oote]
says that the present Commissioner of Patents
ought to be removed from office if he has confided
the performance of this duty m a clcrk. Why,
sir, that argument and that sentence would have
removed the late Commissioner of Patents from
office, and would be ample justification for the re-
moval of Mr. Burke.
Mr. FOOTE. Will my friend from Tennessee
bear with me for a moment? I know he does not
mean to misrepresent me. 1 endeavored to say,
as plainly as I could, that if the Commissioner of
Patents has failed to exercise a superintending dis-
cretion, and had confided it exclusively to the
clerk or to any subordinate, without exercising
himself a superintending vigilance over his labors,
he had failed to perform-his duty, and ought to be
expelled from the office on that account, because
it is his duty to attend to all the business of the
department, and to perform the more dignified
portion of that duty himself. That is all 1 intend-
ed to say. Now, if it can be shown that the late
Commissioner of Patents ever confided that por-
tion of the work now under consideration exclu-
sively to a clerk, and did not employ that discrim-
inating judgment for which he is so remarkable
in the preparation of this matter for publication,
then I say that he was properly cjccted from an
office which I always thought before he so much
adorned that the Government could not but lose
honor by his ejection.
Mr. TURNEY. I do not think that either the
present or the late Commissioner of Patents could
have much time to look over, revise, or cull this
information acquired by the cleik in reply to the
circulars sent out. Sir, his duties are onerous.
He has as much as he can possibly perfoim m
discharging the duties properly and legitimately
belonging to his office, connected with patents and
applications for patents, throughout the United
States, without turning his attention or devoting
any large portion of his time to the collection of
agricultural statistics. I take it, then, that neither
the late nor the present Commissioner had much to
do with the preparation of this part of the report,
and in my judgment, this clerk would be a more
competent and better judge in relation to agricul-
tural matters, than either the late or the present
Commissioner of Patents; and I would sooner
rely upon a written argument upon agricultural
subjects from that clerk than from either of these
gentlemen, for he has been selected with a view
to the duties which he has to perform. If, sir, it
is wrong to print this portion of the document, it
was wrong to print the first. When that portion
of the report was under consideration, I opposed
the printing of so large a number. I was in favor
then of only printing the usual number, and I
made a speech against it. I wish that upon that
occasion I could have had the assistance of the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote.]
Mr. FOOTE. I was absent from my seat.
Mr. TURNEY. No, sir, the Senator was
present, but i then stood solitary and alone. I
had no help, no assistance, and being solitary and
alone, at the instance of friends aiourid me, I with-
drew my objection, and allowed the motion to
print an extra number of that portion of the report
to pass, although I believed that a large surplus
number of that portion of the document would be
useless and woithless to the great masses of the
people.
For these reasons, sir, and without alluding to
Mr. Greeley and his abolitionism, or to the pres-
ent Commissioner of Patents, and i.iquirm^ into
his opinions upon that subject, but believing that
this document is wholly disconnected from him,
and consists of information winch will be accept-
able and useful to the farmers throughout the
Union, I shall vote for the printing of extra copies
of this report. 1 believe that the report is just as
proper and useful as the one printed during the
last session of Congress, only not so long.
Mr. FOOTE. i merely rise to say that I "have
no recollection of the occasion to which the Sen-
ator fium Tennessee alludes. I had, however,
leason to believe <u that time that the repot t was
more valuable than it turns out to be; but at that
time I had had no opportunity of reading it. I feel
the compliment which the remark of my friend
from Tennessee implies, when he wishes he had
had my aid in opposing the printing of extra
copies of the first pait of the report. It implies
that he supposes I could have aided him; but if
my friend will recollect my well-known aversion
to speaking heie except upon those questions
which I have examined, it seems to me he will
not be at all sui prised at my not taking part m
the discussion, as I had not then examined the
subject, and did not thoroughly understand it.
My honorable friend is mistaken in regard to
this document. He supposes that the clerk was
allowed to prepare the whole of this matter for
us, and that the Commissioner of Patents is really
not at all responsible for his production; and
therefore, that, if valuable, the Commissioner of
Patents is entitled to no credit. 1 will inform
him that I saw this Commissioner of Patents do
what I never saw one do befoie, and I doubt very
much if the same performance will ever be practiced
again. He brought down tins document ^vhich I
hold in my hand himself, and stoud by it as a sort
of sentinel or defender of it against any attacks
on its integrity, hour by. hour, waiting until his
report could be admitted into the Senate, received,
and laid upon our table for consideration. Now,
what did all that mean ? It shows that he attaches
especial value to that report; that he imagined it
was the product of his own intellect and labor; that
he looked upon it as the fruit of his own toil; that
he attached great and special value to it. He looked
upon it as so valuable a document that he was
unwilling to let it out of his sight, He guarded it
all the way from the. Patent Office hete, and did
not surrender it to anybody except into the hands
of our Clerk. It shows plainly, therefore, that
this is not simply the production of a clerk, in
which he had no hand. If so, I think he would
have remained in his office and permitted his mes-
senger to come here with this clerical document,
without his active interposition in the matter. No
