1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%mn
the Government, by order of their officers. This
is proven by Major John H. Howard, Captajp
James U. Home, and Quartermaster Marmaduke
Gresham, then in charge, as also by the statement
of an honorable Representative of the State of
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] not now present. Of the1
truth of these facts, then, no doubt can exist; and
the amount of loss is ascertained and certified to by
commissioners appointed by this Government to
ascertain the damages done and losses sustained
by the people of Alabama and Georgia in the war
referred to.
The claim was transferred, in 1845, to the Cen-
tral Bank of Georgia, the property of Georgia, arid
the claim is now pending for the benefit of the as-
signee. I have stated, sir, that the claim was
grafted as as amendment upon the Indian appro-
priation bill, and being, in the judgment of the
Committee of Ways and Means of this House, of
which I have the honor to be a member, in the
nature of a private claim, and therefore not so
aptly introduced into this bill as it would have
been in a separate one, it w#s this morning, con-
trary to my own views and vote, by that commit-
tee dissented from. I have risen to ask of this
committee, that inasmuch as the claim is so obvi-
ously a meritorious one, has been so long neglect-
ed, as no interest is expected to be paid, and the
session too far advanced to admit of a resort to a
separate bill, to waive the irregularity urged against !
it, and concur with the Senate in passing it into a
law, without more delay.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he also desired to claim
the attention of the committee for a few minutes
on the subject of the amendment relating to the
Cherokees. This claim was an old acquaintance.
It was objected by the Committee of Ways
and Means, as a reason for non-concurrence m
this amendment, that there was not time at this
late period of the session to go into &n exami-
nation of the subject. Now, he would only say,
in answer to this, that he had found time to
make himself fully acquainted with it, and he had
come to the conclusion that the delay of the Gov-
ernment in allowing this claim was one of the
most outrageous acts of injustice on record.
Nothing could be more outrageous than our con-
duct towards these Cherokees. «He desired to
make a brief explanation of the facts. It would be
remembered what difficulty we had-with the In-
dians on the Mississippi. By the treaty of 1835,
we agreed to give them five millions for the pur-
chase of their lands. They complain that we have
misapplied a part of this sum, and that it has been
expended in their removal, in 1846, we entered
into another treaty, in the third article of which it
was stipulated that we would reimburse to this
fund so much as on investigation it would be de-
termined ought to be reimbursed. It was then
decided by the United States that there appeared
to be the sum of $900,0U0, which had been improp-
erly applied out of this fund. The matter was then
referred to the accountingoflicers of the Treasury
for an examination and a repot t; and Albion K. Par-
ris, the First Comptroller, has reported $627,097,
as having been improperly paid out of that treaty
fund, and that this amount ought to be reimbursed.
With these facts before them, the Committee of
Ways and Means come before the House and tell
us that they have not time to inform themselves
sufficiently on the subject, although it is shown
that this is as honest a claim as ever was brought
before Congress; and that the officers of the Gov-
ernment have recommended its payment. There
was also an additional claim for $96,000, to which
bethought they were equally entitled, and which
ought to be added to the amount of the appropria-
tion. Believing this amount to be justly due to
these Indians and that they weie right in pressing
their claim, he hoped it wouli} be allowed.
Mr. FITCH wished to call the attention of the
committee to another amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of Ways and Means had
recommended a non-concurrence. It was the one in
relation to the claim of the Potawatomie Indians,
the disallowance of which by the Committee of
Ways and Means amounted to an actual robbery of
these Ind'ans. Through the agency of General
Brady, of the United Slates army, arrangements
were made with this tribe for their removal from
their lands. These arrangements were approved
by Mr. Poinsett, who was then Secretary of War.
Mr. Poinsett subsequently appointed General
Mitchell commissioner to adjudicate claims against
those Indians preparatory to their removal; and
he was directed to assure them and their creditors
that the Government would pay their just debts.
After said investigation was completed, certificates
of indebtedness were directed to be issued to the
.creditors. They have been issued in part, and
the remainder will be when required.
From that period until now, these Indians and
creditors had been expecting the payment of these
certificates, until they are not disposed to submit
to further delay. Congress is called on to deter-
mine whether these certificates are to be paid out
of the Indian annuities, or by a direct requisition
on the Treasury.
The amendment of the Senate was adopted by
neaily a unanimous vote, and was sustained by
two Senators, who had filled the station of Secre-
taries—by Mr. Bell, who has been Secretary of
War, and by Mr. Ewmg, who has been Secretary I
of the Interior. In 1848, Mr. Mcllvaine said it ;
was proper that these certificates should be paid
out of the Treasury, otherwise they must be paid
out of the annuities, which would be an act of
gross injustice to these Indians. This claim was
not only approved by Mr. Poinsett, but also by
Mr. Bell, and now more recently by Mr. Ewmg.
He had not time to go into the reports on the sub-
ject, but they were accessible to all. But He must
tell the Committee of Ways and Means that he did
not approve of their course, when they came for-
ward here and told us that they had not time to
do that justice for which these Indians have been
asking for the last ten years. The only question
is, will you pay these certificates by a direct ap-
propriation, as you ought, or will you suffer
them to be paid out of the Indiin annuities, which
must be the case, unless you act justly ? The
claimants have made no demand for interest. But
if you refuse payment now, they will be urging
you, year after year, by their agents, and they will
demand interest, and you will then have to pay
by-and-by double the amount which will now sat-
isfy them. These Indians ure now weak and you
may oppress them They were not always weak,
but could once avenge their own wrongs. It is un-
worthy of us to make their weakness a pretext for
the refusal of their just claims.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the committee rise,
with the view of terminating the debate.
The motion was put, and agreed to.
The conjmittee accordingly rose and reported.
Mr. Bukt Speaker pro. lem.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved a res-
olution in the usual form pioviding for the termi-
nation of the debate in Commiftee of the Whole
on the stale of the Union, on the amendments to
the Indian appropriation, bill in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi,
the House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Brown, of Mississippi, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the said amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said, as he had
but five minutes allowed him, he hoped the com-
mittee would give him their attention, while he
briefly staled what he desired to say. He did not
intend to cast any blame on the Committee of
Ways and Means, that they had refused to concur
with the Senate in relation to these claims of the
Cherokees, because it would necessarily have
taken a long time to examine and understand a
subject which had already occupied-the attention
of Congress for years. And he was the less dis-
posed to blame that committee when he looked at
the number of amendments referred to them at so
late a period of the session for their action. This
is the way these things have been done since the
treaty of 1835 was negotiated. The Senate settled
the principles on which these claims should be ad-
judicated. The accounts have been examined by
the officers of the Treasury and adjudicated in ac-
cordance with these principles. Every amendment
inserted in the appropriation bill has been inserted
under the adjudication of the authorized referee.
He had but oiie objection to the amount appropri-
ated, and that was in the item of $96 000, which
ran the aggregate sum up to between §700,000 and
JB'IO.OOO, and whenever we come to vote on the
amendment he would move to strike out this sum
of §96,000.
The whole of this claim, with that single ex-
, ception, ought to be paid. It is just and right.
j| We purchased the lands of these Indians, and the
money is due to them. We have taken from them
the country where they have lived from their in-
fancy; and, as yet, from the year 1835, while the-y
have suffered more hardships than any people on-
the face of the earth, the old settlers of the Cher-
okee nation have never received from us a single
cent. They ought now to be paid all their claim,
deducting only the $96,000. It is not a matter for
discussion and dispute; this is a matter of plain
and palpable justice, and we ought not to hesitate
any longer, but should pay over the money as a
debt justly due to them. He hoped the amount
would be paid in the manner recommended by the -
committee in a separate bill, because the committee
tell us they have not sufficient time togive the sub-
ject the examination it requires.
I The whole of this matter has been before Con-
! gress, and was referred to the First Comptroller
| for him to investigate, and report upon it. It was
' reported by the accounting officer that this claim
: was all due to these Indians, with the exception of
, this $96,000, and that item he would move to strike
j out whenever the amendment should come up to be
I considered. It was just and right that all the rest
of the claim should be paid.
The time allotted for debate having expired, the
Chairman's hammer fell.
And Mr. J. took his seat.
AMENDMENTS AGREED TO.
The following amendments of the Senate were
severally considered and concurred in:
N os. Sand 4. Insert the words '* payable to
the Pillager B.-md" after the word " years," and
change the " 1st" to the ' 31st" of August, in the
following clause of the appropriations for tile
Chippewas of Lake Superior:
u For limned annuity, in good:*, for five years, stipulated in
the fourth article of the treaty of 1-t August, 1847, $3,600'"
No. 5. After line 114, insert:
To supply deficiencies in former appropriations to the
Chippewa-, of Lake Supeuor and Missi^ippi:
" For limited annuity  n goods, for five years, pAvahle to
the Pillager Band, e>ii|>ul;\t<'d in the fourth drucle of the
tieatynf the 21st Augu-t. 1847, to supply a d«'fien>ncy tor
this amount in the appropriations tor the year 1848, .$3,600.
Foi limit* d annuity lor foity-six yeuri, to be paid tothe
Chippewas of Mi^i.-^ippi. stipulated in the third article of
the treaty of the 2.1 August, 1847, to supply a d< ficteney fur
this amount in the applanations tor the year 1848, $l,u00."
No. 6 After the won! " twenty," tn the ciause
following, for the benefit of the Choctaws. in-
sert, " and the D„h article of the treaty of 20th
January, 1825," viz:
"For blacksmith, stipulated in the sixth article of the
treaty of 18th October, 18*30, $600."
No. 7. In the following clause for the benefit of
the Choctaws, strike out the words in italics:
For iron and steel for shop, stipulated in the ninth article
■of the treaty of twentieth January, eighteen hundred and
twenty-fire, §320.
No. 8. In the following clause for the benefit of
the Creeks, read as follows:
" For permanent annuity, stipulated in thesecond article
of the treat} of 13th June, 1802, $3,000."
Nos. 9, 10, and 11 mere correction of the dates
of treaties
No. 12. Strike out the following clause:
"For fulfilling treaty stipulation with Ottawas and Chip-
pewa.*, to he paid only when s ad Indiana shall comply with
the (.Oiiditions conunnfd irt <aid treaty, per resolution ot the
.Senate, 27th Way, 1836, volume first, page six hundred and
fiftv-eight, (sue amendment by the Senate to the tieaty,)
$2oo,ooy."
And, in lieu of the above, insert the following:
" For interest, to he paid a« annuity on $200,000, per res-
olution of the Senate of 27th May, 1838, ,^!2,0iX)."
No. 13. Substitute the word " chiefs" for
" chief," in appropriation for the life annuity to
the Pottawatomies, under the treaty of 20th of
October, 1832.
Nos. 14 and 15. Strike out of the clause below,
for the benefit of the Pouawatomies, the words
in italics, and insert in lieu thereof the word
stipulated also insert the words u and seven-
teenth " after the wotd " fifth."
" F«>! payment in money, in hen of i>co thousand pounds
of tobacco^ fifteen hundred pounds oj iron, and three hundred
\ ujul jiftij pounds of steel, stipulated lathe secstvl article of the
\ treaty of 20/,A September, 1838. and the tenth article of the
treaty of5t,h June, 1846, $300."
No. 16. Correction of the date of a treaty with
the Pottawatomies.
No. 17. insert the following, viz:
" To snppiv deficiency in a foimer appropriation for the
Pottawatomies:
" For interest on $843,000, at five per centum, stipulated
in the seventh article of the treaty ot the 5th and 17th June,
1846, and to supply a deficiency to that amount in the ap-
propriations for 1848, $33,168."
