1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
gress a bill similar in character to that which will
be presented by this bill, when amended in the
manner I propose, was under consideration in the
House of Representatives, and that it failed by a
small majority. Carefully watching the objections
made to that bill, I endeavored to obviate them by
provisions which I incorporated in a new bill, and
offered to the Senate near the close of the session.
There was not time to act upon it. I have now
presented most of these provisions in my amend-
ment, and I have great confidence that, if the bill
shall receive the favorable action of the Senate, it
is so carefully guarded that it will be likely to
commend itself to the other House, and ultimately
become a law.
The amendment was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, the bill as
amended was ordered to be printed.
The further consideration was then, by unani-
mous consent, informally passed over, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 7, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BUNDLECUND, &C.
The SPEAKER announced the following mem-
bers as composing the select committee, yesterday
ordered to be appointed, under the resolution of
Mr. Stanly:
Mr."Stanly of North Carolina, Mr. Inge of
Alabama, Mr. Schenck of Ohio, Mr. Stanton of
Tennessee, Mr. Haymond of Virginia, Mr. Hib-
bard of New Hampshire,* Mr. Briggs of New
York, Mr. Fitch of Indiana, and Mr. WilCiams
of Tennessee.
RHODE ISLAND.
Mr. KING-, of Rhode Island, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce at this
time certain joint resolutions of the State of Rhode
Island, the purport of which was not stated. Mr.
K. explained that his object was, that the resolu-
tions might be laid upon the table, and printed.
Mr. CONGER objected; so long, he said, as
certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of New York remained in abeyance.
So the resolutions were not received.
MINNESOTA.
Mr. SIBLEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce at this time the following
resolution, which was read for information:
Resolred, That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into tie expediency of making provision by law
to autliotize the Legislative Assembly of Minnesota Terri-
tory to prolong next annu >1 session to a period of ninety
days; fcaul committee to report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution having been read—
Objection was made.
So the resolution was not received.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. DISNEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution which, he
said, he would send to the Chair.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the special committee raised upon the
motion of Mr. Richardson-,of Illinois, to inquire into mat-
tets connected with the official conduct of the Secietary of
tiie Interior, be directed to inquire whether, m cases where
the appropriation ol money has not been exhausted, but at '
the expiration of the iwo years provided tor, the nnex- I
pended balance has, in coutoimily with the provisions of j
the law, been tran^ened by the last Adfwnistiatioii to the j
general treasury, ?ucli accounts have not bi-ori reopc.m-d :
by the preterit Administration or *orne ol the departments, I
and the money withdrawn from the general fund and re- 1
appropriated without authority of law. (
The resolution having been read— I
Mr. VINTON said, that the adoption of the res- j
olution would lead to interminable inquiry. The ;
committee had already got enough to do. j
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Vinton.) Does the !
gentleman object? j
Mr. VINTON. I do object. j
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to say that I am pretty i
well advised that the subject-matter of this inquiry
is true. My colleague can consider as to the pro- ]
priety of opposing this investigation, and can, if he j
thinks proper, take the responsibility of doing so. |
Mr. VINTON. Let my colleague propose to !
raise a distinct committee of investigation upon the |
subject. !
The SPEAKER interposed, and arrested further j
conversation. i
So the resolution was not received. <
SENATE BILLS.
Mr. McCLERNAND asked that the House
would, by unanimous consent, take up at this time
ard dispose of, such bills from the Senate on the
Speaker's table, as would not give rise to debate,
in order that they might be read a first and second
time, and be referred to the appropriate committees.
There was*, Mr. McC. said, quite an accumulation
ofSenate bill3 on the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES objected.
So the motion was not entertained.
The regular order of business was called for.
NAVIGATION OF THE ST. LAWRENCE.
The SPEAKER announced the unfinished busi-
ness of the morning hour to be thejoint resolution
heretofore reported by the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Buel,] from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, in relation to the free navigation of the
river St. Lawrence.
A motion had been made that the said joint res-
olution be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that it be printed,
togeth«*p with the report of the minority of the
committee. Upon this motion the previous ques-
tion had been demanded. Pending which question
the House had passed to the consideration of the
special order of the day. And the question now
recurred on seconding the demand for the previous
question.
And there was a second.
And the main question was ordered, and having
been taken, the joint resolution, &c., were referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER announced that the regular
order of business was the call of the committees
for reports.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD,
Mr. BAKER asked that the rules of the House
might be suspended for the purpose of taking up,
with a view to its reference, a bill from the Sen-
ate. The House would bear him witness that he
had not heretofore troubled it with motions to sus-
pend the rules, or requests to take up business out
of the regular order.
Mr. Baker was called upon to specify the bill
which he desired to take up.
The SPEAKER said the bill could only be
taken up by unanimous consent. A motion to
suspend the rules was not in order.
Mr. BAKER was understood to say, that the
bill was a bill making a grant of land for the Illi-
nois Central Railroad.
Objection was made.
So the bill was not taken up.
THE CENSUS BILL.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
vania, the House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Thompson, of Mississippi, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to provide for
the taking of the seventh census.
The pending question was on the amendments
heretofore offered by the gentleman from Ohio,
[ VI r. Vintton ]
Mr. VINTON said, that one of the amendments
which he had sent to the Clerk's table last evening,
proposed to make provision for the taking of a new
census. The othe/ amendment established the
permanent organization of the House of Repre-
sentatives. He would, for the present, withdraw
the last-menuoned proposition, until the fitst
should have been acted upon, when he would !
again offer it.
So the second amendment was withdrawn.
The question then recurred on the first amend-
ment of Mr. Vinton; which was read, as follows:
Be it cnaHed, §mc., That this act shall continue in force
until altered or leptaled; and it no oilier law be pissed pro-
viding for the taking of any Hib-equent census of the Cm ted
Stales, on or hetorr the first dav of Januaiy ol anv year 1
when, hv the Constitution of the (J.iited States, any "future '
enumeration ot the inhabitant* thereof is required to be I
taken, such census shall, m all things he taken and com-
pleted accotding to the ptovi&ions ot this act.
Mr. VINTON said, the Constitution enjoined
an apportionment of the Representatives among
the several States, according to their respective
federal numbers; and for this purpose, an enumer-
ation of the inhabitants of the United States is
directed to be taken every ten years. The framers
of the Constitution foresaw that great relative as
well as positive changes in the population of the
United States would take place. If an equal za-
tion of Representatives had been left to the dis-
cretion of Congress, those Stales and sections of
the country which, in consequence of such rela-
tive change of population, might possess an undue
share of the legislative power, would have been
strongly tempted to hold on upon it; while those
States and sections whose population had in-
creased, would have violently clamored for a cor-
responding increase in the number of their Repre-
sentatives. To provide effectually against this
state of things, an enumeration of the population
of the country every ten years is positively en-
joined, and is to be made in such manner as Con-
gress shall by law direct. As the apportionment
of Representatives among the States must be made
every ten years to conform to their respective
populations, and cannot be dispensed with, the
la^which directs the taking of the census is, in
its nature and object, an organic law; and being
of that characiet, it can hardly be imagined that
the framers of the Constitution did not contem-
plate the enactment of some permanent law, put-
ting the observance of this injunction on a certain
and sound footing, and beyond the reach of any
omission or other contingency. The amend-
ment now proposed guards against any such con-
tingency and its consequences, by providing that
in case Congress shall omit, at any future time,
to pass a census act before the commencement of
the year when it is required to be taken, then it
shall be taken in conformity to this act. It is, in
a word, a mere precautionary provision.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked Mr.
Vinton to withdraw the amendment to enable him
to say^few words. He (Mr. T.) would renew it.
Mr. VINTON withdrew the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON renewed it. He had done so,
he was understood to say, for the purpose of say-
ing, that since the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vinton] had some time ago indicated his inten-
tion to offer an amendment of this character, he
(Mf\ T.) had given some reflection to it. It seemed
to him to be a provision so obviously proper, that
he was exceedingly anxious that the committee
should ndopt it. It pledged no future Congress
to take the census as it was now proposed to take
it. But Congress might amend the bill in any
way it might be deemed ptoper. But if the.Iaw
should not be amended, then the census was to be
taken under the present bill if it should become a
law. In that way much time would be saved,
a d there would always he ample time for Con-
gress previous to the first of June, which was the
time fixed for taking the census, to make any
amendments that might Le desired. He hoped,
therefore, that the committee would adopt, with-
out objection, this part of the gentleman's amend-
ments. In regard to the residue of the amend-
ments which the gentlemar from Ohio [Mr. Vin-
ton] had offered, he (Mr. T.) should probably
have some suggestions to make. His principal
objection to the other portion of the amendments
would he that it might superinduce 
Mr. JONES interposed to a question of order.
He desired the chairman to state what the ques-
tion was.
The CHAIR stated it.
Mr. JONES submitted that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] was discussing not
the amendment pending before the committee, but
a distinct and separate proposition not under con-
sideration.
The CHATR said that the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] were
not relevant to the question before the commit-
tee.
Mr. THOMPSON said that, as the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] seemed to be so anx-
ious that order should be preserved, he (Mr. T.)
would not trespass further. He hoped that the
gentleman would endeavor to confine himself with-
in the rules of order as strictly as he applied them
to others.
Mr. JONES said he would endeavor to do so.
Mr. THOMPSON. All i have to say is, that
I am decidedly anxious that the first amendment
should be adopted.
The question was then taken on the first amend-
ment of Mr. Vinton, and was decided 111 the
affirmative, without a division.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON then renewed the second amend-
