2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
be, nnd he is hereby, authorized to appoint an inspector of
custom-* for the anid port of Chelsea.
Sec. 14. Jind be it further enacted, That the towns of Ev-
an^villfi and New Albany sh^ii be ports of delivery, and shall
brt subject to the same regulations and restrictions as other
port-" of delivery in the United Slates ; and there shall be
appointed a surveyor of the customs to reside at each of said
ports, who shall, in addition lo their own duties, also per-
form the duties and receive the salary and emolument of
surveyors prescribed by the act of Congress passed on the
2<1 of March, 18£L, providing for the payment of duties on
imported goods at certain ports therein mentioned, the same
being ^ntit'ed " An act allowing the duties on foreign mer-
chandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheelinc, Cincinnati,
Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be re-
ceived ajid paid at those places j"1' and the said towns of
Evansvjlle and New Albany, and the said ports of delivery
be, and the same are hereby, annexed to and made part of
the collection district of New Orleans,and all the privileges
and facilities afforded to Pittsburg, and Wheeling, and Cin-
cinnati, 8tc., by the act of Congress of 2d, March, 1831, be,
and the same aie hereby, extended to said ports of Evans-
ville and New Albany.
Sec. 15. rfnd be U further enacted, That so much of an act
entitled " An act to establish a port of entry at Saluria, m the
State of Texas, and for other purposes," approved the 3d day
of Mhrch, 1847, as fixes the said port of entry at Saluria, and
requires the residence of the collector to be there, shall be,
and the same is hereby, repealed, and hereafter the port of
entry and the residence of the collector shall be at La Salle
in «aid district.
Sec. 16. Jindbeit further enacted, That the provisions of
the seventh section of the act entitled "An act allowing
drawbacks upon foreign merchandise exported in the origin-
al packages to Chihuahua and Santa F£, and to the British
N >tth American Provinces adjoining the United States,"
approved 3d March. 1845, be, and the same are hereby, so
far modified ns to allow anv foreign imported merchandise
in the original packages, which has been entered and the
duties paid, according to law, to be transported, vvnh benefit
of drawback, by land or by water, or partly by land and
partly hy water, to either of the ports designated tn said sec-
tion, or such ports as may have been, or may hereafter be
designated, in pu-suance ofthS authority conferred therein,
and any such merchandise may be exported from either of
the aforesaid ports,or from such ports on the seaboard, from
which merchandise may, under existing laws, be exported
for benefit of drawback, and be tiHYiJ ported thence in-like
manner to ports in ihe adjoining British Provinces, and to
ports or places in Mexico, under such rules and regulations,
nor inconsistent with law, as the Secretary ot the Treasury
may prescribe: Provided, That so much of the eighth sec-
tion of said act as requires the production of the affidavit of
the master of the vessel in which any such goods may he
exported, may be dispensed with when such goods are not
exported in vessels, and the residue of the provisions of
said s-ection are hereby extended to cases arising under this
act.
Sec. 17. Jindbeit further enacted, That so much of the
proviso to the fifth section of the act of 3d March. 1849, en-
titled "An act requiring all moneys receivable from customs,
and from all other sources, to bo paid immediately into the
Treasury without abatement or reduction, and for other pur-
poses," as exempts from the operations of said sections the
provisions of law relating to the exportation of merchand^e
to Canada and Chihuahua, be, and the tame is hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec. 18. Jind he it further enacted, That any imported
merchandise in the original packages which shall have been
duly entered and warehoused, in pursuance of the ware-
housing act of the 6ih August, 1848, may be exported there-
from in conformity with law, and be tram-poited in the man-
ner indicated m the 1st section of tins act to ports in the
adjoining British Provinces, and become entitled to the ben-
efits of the warehousing act before mentioned.
j^ec. 19. Jind be it further enacted, That the privileges
granted by the act of 2d March, 1831, entitled " An act al-
lowing the duties on foreign merchandise imported into
Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured and paid at those
places," be, and,are hereby extended to any foreign inei-
chandise intended for either of the ports mentioned in
said act, which may be imported into such ports of entry on
the sea-board of the United States as may be designau d by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and be thence transported
to either of the aforesaid ports, hy such inland routes as the
Secretary of the Treasury may designate, under such rules
and regulations not inconsistent with law, as he may pre-
scribe, and subject to the forfeitures and penalties prescribed
in and by said act of March 2d, 1831.
Sec. 20. Jind be it further enacted, That the collector of
the district of New Orleans be, and he is hereby, authorized
to employ such number of temporary inspectors, not ex-
ceeding ten, In addition to the permanent and temporary
insp 'C-tors now authorized by law, as may be necessary for
the prompt and convenient, dispatch of business in said dis-
trict; and that each of said temporary inspectors be allowed
and paid a compensation of three dollars per day for every
dly the shall be, employed in actual service: Provided,
however, That the said collector shall not be authorized at
any ume, to employ a larger number of inspectors, including
the permanent and temporary inspectors heretofore au-
thorized, than the actual number of vessels from foreign
port-, having cargoes to be discharged, then lying in said
port or di-^nct of New Orleans.
Sec 21. Jind be it furthrr enacted, That the President of
th° (Jntted States, by and with the advice and consent of
th^ Senate, be, and he is herebv, authorized to appoint two
additional assistant appraisers, for the collection district of
New Oih ans, with the same salary a-* that now authorized
by law to the assistant appraisers of said collection dis-
trict.
Mr. McLANE explained the objects of the bill
and amendments as respected the changes which
we're proposed in the existing collection districts,
and as to those districts which were proposed to
be established.
McL. yielded to—
Mr. VENABLE, who offered the following
amendment:
" Sec. 22. Jind be it further enacted, That the town of
Jacksonville, m the State of North Carolina, shall be a port
of delivery, subject to the same tegulations as other ports of
delivery in the United States, and shall be attached to the
collection district of Wilmington, and State of North Caro-
lina; and that there shall be appointed, in pursuance of
law, a surveyor of customs, and compensated for his ser-
vices in the mode prescribed by existing laws; said sur-
veyor shall exercise all thy powers and perform the duties
vested in deputy collectors under existing laws: the sur-
veyor of customs, aforesaid, to reside at said port of de-
livery."
Mr. STANLY said, he hoped the House would
not make any amendment to the bill at all. Ashe
understood it, it was a bill intended exclusively for
California, and was before the House at this late
period of the session, on account of fhe delay in
the admission of California info the Union; and if
not passed, it would occasion a serious injury to
the interests of that State. There were some parts
of the bill to which he was opposed, but he was
willing to allow them to pass without opposition,
rather than endanger the passage of the bill.
Among other objectionable features was the provis-
ion for the establishment of a port of entry where
the God of nature never intended there should be i
one. He had seen nobody from California who 1
asserted that a port of entry ought to be estab- j
fished at Benicia. There was no one but Com- !
modore Jones—and he had ample reason to be fa- I
vorable to the project—who desired a port of entry '
to be established there at all. Both the Senators I
from California were opposed to it, and only ac- j
ceded to it in order to get Sacramento putin,a place i
with a population of twenty thousand at present, 1
and rapidly increasing, while the other had only a i
population of about six hundred. He thought the \
House ought to reject ail amendments that might
be offered. J
Mr. McLANE said it was certainly true that [
the bill contained three ports of entry that were j
permitted to be provided for, for the "purpose of j
getting one that was really needed. There was no i
doubt but the towns of Sacramento, of Stockton, ;
and of Benicia, were all embraced to avoid theob- j
jections on one side and the other; however, it j
would be no very great tax upon the revenue to :
have all these made ports of entry, and he believed |
he was justified in saying that all the facts to 1
which the gentleman from Noith Carolina had re- :
ferred, were perfectly well known to the commit- ,
tees of both Houses, and there was entire una- {
nimity in acquiescing in the provision for these j
ports of enfry. So far he concurred with the com- !
mittees, and believed that the bill should be allowed j
to pass. j
In regard to the additional sections which he had \
proposed as amendments, he believed it would ;
hardly be asked by anybody that at this late pe« i
nod of the session, California should come here ,
and claim a preference or precedence in legislation
in reference to collection districts, over other dis-
tricts where a modification of the laws might be i
necessary. He would say to the gentleman from ;
Notth Carolina, that every one of these amend- :
ments had received the sanction of the committee i
of the Senate, and of all the members of the com- j
mittee of the House, with the exception, perhaps,
of the gentleman's colleague. And further, that !
five of these amendments had already passed the ;
Senate, and only required the action of the House
to become laws. But the probability, nay, the '
certainty was, that the bill which contained them
would not be reached this session, as it was now
before the Committee of Commerce.
Mr. McL. demanded the previous question, ,
but waived the motion, and some explanation 1
passed between Messrs. HOUSTON and STAN-
LY".
Mr. McL. then insisted upon his demand for
the previous question.
There was a second. And the main question
was ordered to be now taken, (being, first, on the
amendments, and then on the third reading of the
bill ) ;
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and, having been read a third time, was passed.
The title was modified, on motion of Mr.
McLANE, to make it correspond with the body ,
of the bill as amended, by adding the following :
words: "and to modify existing collection districts
in the United States, and for other purposes."
Mr, McLANE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill had been passed, and that that mo-
tion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
- ALEXANDRIA AND ORANGE RAILROAD-
Mr. MORTON moved a suspension of the rules
for the purpose of enabling him to move that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
consideration of the bill from the Senate entitled
" An act for the relief of the Orange and Alexan-
dria Railroad Company.>9
The bill was read.
The question, " Shall the rules be ser^pended ?"
was taken, and the vote was—ayes 56, noes not
counted.
So the rules were not suspended.
, ORDER IN THE GOLD MINES.
Mr. BOWL1N asked the unanimous consent to
take up the Senate bill No. 343, entitled " An act
to make temporary provision for the working and
discovery of gold mines and placers in California,
and preserving order in the gold mine district."
Objection was made.
Mr. BOWLIN moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to move to take upthe bill.
Mr. HALL asked if it would be in order to call
for the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is a very long bill.
It can be read if the House order it.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended?"
was taken, and decided in the negative.
GRANT OF LANDS TO OHICN
Mr. TAYLOR asked leave to introduce a bill,
of which previous notice had been given, for the
purpose of reference to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The title was read: "A btN to grant certain
public lands in the State of Ohio, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads therein named.1'
Mr. ORR objected; but withdrew the objection
on the statement of Mr. Taylor that he^did not
propose to have the bill acted on this session.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, and &therg3
renewed the objection.
Mr. TAYLOR moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to introduce the bill.
The question, u Shall the rules be suspended I"
was put, and decided in the negative.
Mr. JOHN^uN, of Arkansas, said, fee he}d in
his hand a resolution whish was essential to the
transaction of the business of the neit session.
He asked that it be read:
" Resohed, That ali bills, resolutions, aw! other-master
referred to the standing eorosmitees of this House, upon
which m> report shall have been made at this session, shuH
be returned infoimaliy to the Clerk of the Hons®, aud shaft,
by virtue of this resolution, stand recommitted, at the com-
mencement of the next sessson, to said conimiltets."
No objection being made,
The resolution was received, a d the question
being taken, it was agreed to.
INDIAN VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. BURT asked the unanimous consent to
move to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union from a bill—the first bill
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs
this session—for the payment of a company of In-
dian volunteers called into the service of the United
States.
Mr. MEACHAM asked if the bill made an ap-
propriation'
The SPEAKER (upon examination) said ifllk
made an appropriation.
Objection was made.
Mr. BURT moved a suspension of the rales to
enable him to make the motion.
Mr. RUMSEY called for the reading of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill is short. It will be
read.
[The bill was here read.]
The motion of Mr. Burt was put, and agreed
to.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BURT made the motion to discharee the
Committee of the^Vholeon the state of the Union
from the further consideration of the said bill.
Agreed to.
The bill being before the House, and the ques-
tion belli? on ordering it to a third reading—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved the pre-
vious question.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
[A message was received frtfift the Senate by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary-
