924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
ment, (which he had previously withdrawn,) and
which was reatl:
" M be it further enacted, That from and after the third
day o/'March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three,
the House of Representatives shall be eompo ed of two
hundred members, to be apportioned among the several
States in the manner directed in the next section of this
*Cj&nd be U further enacted, That so soon as the next and
each subsequent enumeration of the inhabitants of the sev-
eral States, directed hy the Constitution of the United States
to be taken, snail be completed and returned to the offi -e of
„ the Department of the Interior, it?hailbeihe duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to ascertain the aggregate represent-
ative population of the United States by adding to the whole
number of tree persons in all the States, including those
bound to service tor a term of^years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three-fifths of all other persons; which aggregate
population he shall divide by the number two huudied, and
the product of such divisi n, rejecting any fraction of an (
unit, if any s ch happen to remain, shall he the ratio or rule [
of apportionment ot representatives diumigthe several States ;
under such enumeration; and the said Secretary of the Dp- J
• partment of the Interior shall then proceed in the same n^n-
ner to a-eertain the representative population of each Slie, |
and to divide the whole number of the representative popu- f
lation of each Stale, by the ratio already determined b> Inm j
as above directed, and the product of this l.vt division ?hall |
be the number of Representatives apportioned to such State |
under the then last enumeration: Pro vide 1, That the Jo«s '
in the number of members caused by the tractions remain-
ing in the several Stales on the division of the population
thereof, shall be compensated tor b> aligning to so many
States, having the laige?t h actions one additional member
each foi it-< fraction, as may be necessary to make the whole
number of Representatives tw > hundred: And provided also,
That if, after the apportionment ot the Reprefceniattve*, un-
der the next or any subsequent census, a new State or States
shall be admitted into the Union, the Representative or
Representatives assigned to such new State or States shall
he in addition to the number <>t Representaavesherein above
limited; winch excess ot Representatives over two hundred
blmli only continue until the next succeeding apportionment
of Representatives under the next succeeding census.
Be it further enacted, Tnat when the D-'partmeiit of the
Interior shall Have apportioned the liepie.-entauves m the
manner above dnect' d amo g the several States, under the
next or any succeeding enumeration ot the inhabitant* of
the United States, he <hall, as soon as practicable, make out
and transmit, under the -tal of his office, to the House of
Representatives, a certificate of the number ufmeinbeis ap-
portioned to ea<-h State under the then last enumeration;
and shall hk«wi«e make out and transmit without delay to
the Executive of each State a certificate under hit. seal of
office of the number of members appoaioned to each State
under such last enumeration.
Mr. VINTON" (in explanation) said he would
repeat what he had stated the other day on this
subject, that it could not have been contemplated
by the framers of the Constitution that the House
would be left without a permanent organization;
nor did the reapportionment or new distribution
of the members among the States, after the taking
of a census, create any necessity for a dissolution
and reorganization of the House, or for a change
in the number of its membeis. It was against the
plainest dictates of prudence, and contrary to all j
example, to suffer the organization of the body to |
remain on a temporary footing meieiy. He be-
lieved there was no other instance of the sort in '
this countiy, or in those countries where the peo-
ple enjoyed a share of the legislative power. In i
nearly all, If not in every State of the Union, the 1
number of the legislature is fixed by the Constitu- '
tion, and is not subject to be changed by the ordt- :
nary law-making power. In Great Britain and in
France, the number is fixed by law, and subject
to be changed only by a change of the law. That'
which is so obviously proper, and regarded evei y- <
where else of such fundamental importance, surely ,
ought not to be left undone here. The number of !
the House ought to be fixed on a permanent foot- 1
ing; and in future, those who may think the nurn- j
her too large, or too small, ought to have the ;
burden of showing it, and of introducing the |
change, instead of going on longer, as heretofore,
by permitting the body to be disorganized at every
period of ten years, and take the chance of recon- ■
structing it, under the pressure of an overruling ■
necessity, which overrides all considerations of
policy and expediency.
The number proposed in the amendment is, in
my opinion, too large instead of too pmall; but
whether the number be two hundred, or any other
greater or less number within a reasonable limit,
I regard as a very subordinate consideration to
that of settling the House on a permanent footing.
Mr, CROWELL moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out two hundred and inserting
three hundred
He said: If you will keep your hammer quiet,
Mr. Chairman, till full five minutes have elapsed,
I will briefly state my reasons for offering this
amendment. I dissent from the views of my col
he is a statesman of large experience, and his
opinion is entitled to great weight and is received
with great, consideration by this body. .Never-
theless, in this particular I am obliged to dissent
from those opinions, entitled to much respect as I
know them to be.
When the Constitution was adopted there were
three and a half millions of people. The number
proposed in that instrument to each member was
thirty thousand. At the time it was adopted it
provided that the House should consist of sixty-
six and the Senate of twenty-six members. Now
it is myifepinion, that if Executive influence, or
any other species of malign influence, should be
sought to be exerted upon a House of Represent-
atives consisting of two hundred members, it
would be much more apt to succeed than if the
number were three hundred. It has been one of
the great bulwarks of- popular liberty m England
that the House of Commons has always consisted
of a large number of members. The number
now exceeds six hundred. It has for many cen-
turies been a large, a numerous body; and the ar-
gument for it is to prevent Executive influence
from being successfully exerted upon them. Mas-
sachusetts, one of the model States of New Eng-
land, and of this Republic, with a population now
less than a million, has in the popular branch of
her Legislature some four bundled members.
Mr. FOWLER, (Mr. Crowell yielding for*
explanation.) Our number in the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Massachusetts Legislature
may clear at this time about three hundred. At
one time it may have reached seven hundred; but
our constitution has been amended.
Mr. CROWELL, (resuming.) I stand cor-
rected.
With a population less than a million, Massa-
chusetts has, m the popular branch of her Legisla-
ture three hundred members; in the Senate forty.
The population of the British Islands is something i
less than twenty-eight millions: the number of j
members in the populbr branch of their Parlia- I
ment, the House of Commons, is,^s I said, some- !
thing over six hundred; in the House of Lords
something like three or four hundred; and, as I
said, the argument for this large number m the
legislative department is to prevent the exercise of
Executive influence; it is one of the surest pro-
tections against it. If corruption should ever be
attempted to be exercised here upon this branch of
Congress, how much easier would it succeed upon
two hundred than upon three handled members.
Oar country extends through many degrees of
latitude, some twenty-three, and from the Atlantic
to the Pacific ocean. There are a great variety of
local interests that require to oe represented in the
popular branch of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN'S hammer fell and abruptly
terminated Mr. C.'s remarks.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. FOWLER moved to amend the amendment
by increasing the number to two hundied and
sixty.
He said he was influenced in making this mo-
tion by the reasons which had been seated by the
gentleman fiow Ohio, [Mr. Crowell,] and it was
unnecessary to repeat them.
Mr. HAYMOND asked a division of the ques-
tion.
The. CHAIRMAN stated that the motion to
strike out and insert was indivisible.
The question being taken, the amendment of
Mr. Fowler to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the amendment by
striking out two hundred.
i His object, he said, in making this motion, was
j that they might come to a distinct vote whether
, the committee were disposed to stiike out two
hundred. He himself should vote against the
S motion to strike out, being satisfied that two hun-
! dred members was a sufficient number for tins
j House; and he should vote for the amendment of
, the gentleman from Ohio if the number were not
j stricken out.
i He withdrew the amendment at the request of
; Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, who re-
; newed it, and said, he did not think the committee,
! under the five minutes rule, were prepared to pass
I upon a matter so important. They had had no
| expression from the country upon the question,
j It was one, aboveall others, most interesting to the
, _ • J ^   V.« - . Villi UHIVIU, 1IIU15U1HI.I tAt HIO
league, with |reut diffidence, knowing as I do that il people. The five minutee allowed was too short a
time, entirely too short, to discuss a measure that
regarded not only the interests of the people, but
their right to be represented, if the gentleman
from Ohio would withdraw his amendment, and
refer the subject to some appropriate committee—
if he should prefer the Committee on the Judiciary
he (Mr. T. )as one member of that committee, was
ready and anxious to give it a fnll investigation—
and the committee would report upon it as soon as
possible. The country would thus have some no-
tice of what they were about to do.
He should look upon it as most dangerous to
this bill to attach this amendment. The Senate
would discuss it for a month, differences would arise
between the two Houses as to the number, and
the result would be to delay the passage of the bill
to so late a period as not to give time for taking
the census and making returns to the Government
at Washington, in time to be acted upon at the
next session. Let the amendment be a separate
measure; let it be matured, fully matured; let the
House and the country be fully advised of all its
features, before they were called to act upon it.
For one, he thought that the passage of some such
'measure, in anticipation of the next Congress,
would be important; but he thought the attempt to
attach it to the census bill was going altogether be-
yond the legitimate purposes of the bili, and it was
taking the House almost by surprise. He hoped,
therefore, the committee would vote down the prop-
osition. He was sure they were not in a mood to
decide in a moment upon this grave question,
the gravest of all questions that could come before
the Congress of the United States. He would ap-
peal to the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his
amendment, bring it up as a separate measure,
have it referred to a committee by whom it could
be fully investigated, and their report upon it fully
considered by the House.
Mr. NELSON inquired if it was in order to
move an amendment at this time ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was not, an
amendment m the second degree now pending.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Jones,
Mr. JONES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Robinson and
Corwin were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported,
ayes 44, noes 73.
So the Committee refused to strike out the num-
ber two hundred.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Vinton,
Mr. CALVlN inquired if an amendment would
be in order now ?
The CHAIRMAN replied that an amendment
to the amendment pending would be in order.
Mr, CALVIN moved to amend, by striking out
two hundred, and inserting two hundred and
thirty.
Mr. RUMSEY inquired if that motion was in
order?
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was, under the
53d rule.
Mr. CLINGMAN submitted whether the com-
mittee, having refused to strike out the number, it
was amendable?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do not
understand my colleague [Mr. Calvin] as moving
to strike out, but merely to insert after two hun-
dred—thirty.
Mr. CALVIN made his amendment in that
form.
The CHAIRMAN, in reply to the point of
order of Messrs. Cling.iian and Rumsey, read the
53d rule, as follows ;
" A motion to strike out and m-fri MimiM be ilrfim'd in-
divisible; but ;i motion to sfrikt: out b.^iili I'M. ~il ill pri -
eludtj neither amendment nor a mntum to tirike out and
insert,."
Under that rule (the Chairman continued) the
Chair decides that the motion to change the num-
;j ber to 5#0, or to any other number, is in otder.
Mr. CALVIN. 1 desire that the number be
230.
Mr. KAUFMAN and other gentlemen called
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. McMcllem
and Fowler were appointed; who—the question
having been taken—reported ayes 58, noes 07.
So the amendment of Mr. Calvin was rejected.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to strike out 2UU and
insert 15U.
