1850.
the congressional globe.
2019
Mr. Speaker : The Senate have disagreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the 31st of the Senate's amendments,
and insist on iheir amendments disagreed to by the House,
to ihe bill of the House making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Fndian Department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30, 1851.
And he then withdrew.]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved that
the House insist upon their disagreeing votes and
appoint a committee of conference.
After some conversation,
Ordered accordingly; and Messrs. Thompson
of Mississippi, AsHMUN,and Wellborn, were ap-
pointed the managers on the part of the House at
the said confcrence.
INDIAN VOLUNTEERS.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
a third reading.
Mr. BURT stated that these Delaware and
Shawnee Indians were in the service of the United
States in Texas, in 1846, and had never been paid.
He moved the previous question.^
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The jotnt resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. BURT moved that, the joint rule which
prohibits the interchange of bills between the two
Houses for the last three days of the session, be
suspended,so far as rebates to this bill; that the
Senate might have it before them and act upon it/
Mr. WILLIAMS suggested that the rule be
suspended to apply to all other bills.
.Mr. HOUSTON made a motion to that effect.
Tbe-SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion to suspend the rules is not amend-
ab)e-
The motion was pat and agreed to.
So the rule was suspended.
PATENT REPORT.
Mr. WALDEN asked the unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Patents the fol-
lowing resolution:
t( Rejoiced, That five thousand copies of that volume of
Che report of t&e Commissioner of Patents relating to me-
•chanics, and three thousand copies of that volume of the
said report relating to agriculture, ordered to be printed by
tlie House, be appropnated to the use of^he Commissioner
of Patents for distribution."
Objection was made.
Mr. WALDEN moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to report the resolution.'
'Two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the report was not
received.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked the unanimous
■consent of ihe House to offer the following reso-
lution, which was read:
" Rejoiced, That the Committee of Accounts be author-
ized to audit and allow the account of Nathan Rathbone for
Jus services as clerk of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads."
No objection having been made, the resolution
was received.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky,moved to amend
ihe resolution by adding thereto the following:
" Resolved, That, in the execution of the resolution of the
House giving f >r the present ses.-ion to the employees of the
House, laborers, &e.,tfce extra compensation paid during
the last Congress to persons occupjing similar stations, the f
police of the Capitol he included." !
* Mr. STANTON explained, that these persons, j
i>y an inadvertency, were omitted in the resolution j
which had been adopted on the motion of the i
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bissell.] i
Someexplanation followed by Messrs. FEATH- I
ERSTON, STANLY, and POTTER. j
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved the |
previous question. There was a second—the main ;
question was ordered, and having been taken, j
The amendment was agreed to. j
And the resolution, as amended, was adopted, j
PATENT OFFICE REPOrfr* !
Mr. JOHN A. KING asked the unanimous !
consent of the House to offer the following resolu- j
tion; which was read: j
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House he, and he is here- [
by, authorized to withdraw from the contractors for the con- 1
eresstonal printing the second part ot the Patent Office re- .
ports, being the agricultural part thereof for 1849. and which j
ha? not yet been printed; and that he cause lo be printed '
and delivered to the members ot this House, within four ;
weeks fiutn ilus day, the number of copies oi said part of ;
said lepoit heretofore ordered by the House. :
Objection was made. j
Mr. KING moved a suspension of the rules. |
Two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the I
rules were not suspended, and the resolution was
not received.
Mr. BAYLY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following* resolution; which
was read for information:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be authorized and
required to pay Robert Cochran, out of the contingent fund
of the House, the usual compensation for the peiiod during
which he acted-as clerk of the Committee of Ways and
Means, and for which he was not paid.
Objection was made.
Mr. BAYLY moved a suspension of the rules.
And, two thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended.
The resolution being; thus before the House—
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
it by adding: the proposition which he had offered
the other day, as follows:
That there be paid out of the continsent fund of the
House to the widow of Thomas. J. Campbell, deceased, late
Clerk, his compensation to the end of thi-s session.
Mr. WOOD raised the point of order on the
amendment. He submitted that the rules had
been suspended for a particular purpose, and that
it was not in order to introduce matter which was
not relevant to the object for which the suspen-
sion had been granted.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
The question was then taken, and the vote stood
—ayes 69, noes 53.
Mr. CARTTER asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
the vote was—yeas 64, navs 69; as follow :
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews. Ashe,
Ashmun, Bokee, Brings. Brooks, Burrows, Chester Butler,
Calvin, Casey, Chandler, Cole, Corwin, CrowelJ, Dickey,
Doty, Duncan, Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedley,
Goodenow, Gould, Gunnel!, Hallowav, Hampton, Hav. Ray-
mond, Houston, Howe, G. G. King, James G. King, John A.
King, Moore, Morton, Nekon. Outlaw, Phoenix, Putnam,
Reed, Rockwell, Rutn^ey, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sil-
vester, Spaulding, Stanly, Frederick P. Siantnn, Richard H.
Stanton,Thaddeus Steven^, Stetson,Tavlor, James Thomp-
son, Tnurman, Tuek, Underbill. Van Dyke, Vmton, Wat-
kms VVentworth, White, and Williams—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson. Allen, Bayly, Benle, Bingham,
Bi<sell, Bocock, Booth, Bowhn, Albert G. Brown, Burt,
Joseph Cable, Campbell, Cartter, Cleveland, W. R. VV.
Cobb, Colcock, Dmiel, Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Dur-
kee, Edmundson, Featherston, Gerry, Gott, Hall, Hamilton,
Hammond. Holladay, Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson, Andrew
Johnson, Jones, Kaufman, Preston King, La Sere, Leffler,
Littlefield, Horace Mann, McLanahau, Robert ML McLane,
McMullen, McQueen, Meade, Miller, MtHson, Morehead,
Morris, Orr, Otis, Pitman, Potter, Powell, Robhins. Root,
Ross, Savage, Strons, Jacob Thompson, Walden, Waldo,
Wallace, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wildrick, Wood, Wood*
ward, and Young—69. *
So the amendment was not agreed to.
[The following message was received from the
Senate, by Mr. Machen, their chief Clerk:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate insist upon |hetrsecond and
sixth amendments', disagreed to by the tfou^e, to the bill
of the Hou*e (No. '2-1-1) entitled '-An act granting bounty
laud to certain officers and sofdieis who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States."
The Senate have passed a resolution suspending the
sixteenth joint rule of the two Houses, *o far as the "same
re-late* to the resolution of the Hons*- (No. 40) in relation to
the public printing, in which I am duected to ask the con-
currence ot the Hoine.
And he then withdrew.]
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. HAMPTON offered the following amend-
ment:
Resolved, That the < lerk of this House be, and hereby is,«
authorized and required to pay to James W Moiehead,out
of the contingent lumi of the House, the sum of two dollars
for each day he was employed as clerk to the Committee on
Accounts while settling with the public printers.
The amendment having been read—
The House, pending the question thereon, took
a recess until six o'clock.
EVENING AND NIGHT SESSION.
The SPEAKER called the House to order at
six o'clock.
Mr. FULLER (scarcely heard) was understood
to move a suspension of the sixteenth joint rule of
the two Houses, in reference to a certain joint res-
olution, to which the attention of the House was
called by
The SPEAKER, who said that a message had
been received from the Senate, stating that that
body had suspended the above-mentioned joint
rule of the two Houses, as to Senate joint resolu-
tian No. 40, directing the auditing, &c., of the ac-
counts for printing during the recess of Congress.
The House had passed a similar resolution this
morning, but it was necessary that it should take
the form of a joint resolution, passed by the two
Houses, and approved by the Piesident.
Mr. VENABLE. Will the motion exhaust
itself on this resolution if the rule should be sus-
pended ?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
No objection having been made, the rule was
suspended.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, inquired of the
Speaker whether there was any question before
the House ?
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the Senate, stating
that that body had appointed a committee of con-
ference on its part on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the Indian appropriation bill.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
This bill was returned from the Senate, by A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary, with amendments.
COMPENSATION.
The SPEAKER (now replying to the inquiry
of Mr. Cabell) said, that at the time the House
took a"recess, the House had under consideration
the following resolution, offered by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly:]
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be authorized and
required to pay Robert Cochran, out ot the contingent fund
of the House, the usual compensation lor the period during
which he acted as clerk ot the Committee of Ways
Means, and for which he was not pad.
To which resolution the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Hampton] had offered the follow-
ing amendment:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be, and hereby is,
authorized and required to pay to James W. Morehead, out
ol the contingent fund of the Hou^e, the sum of two dollars
for each day lie was employed a  clerk to the Committee on
Accounts vviule settling witluhe pubhc punters.
Mr. CABELL desired to be informed whether
it was in order to move an amendment to the
amendment ?
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. CABELL said he was glad that an oppor-
tunity had thus, unexpectedly to himself, been pre-
sented to allow hinf to offer a resolution which, he
trusted, would receive the sanction of the House.
The amendment was read,as follows:
u Also, the ten clerks employed by the Clerk of ihe House
at, the Land Otfice by order ot the House, who were, dis-
charged on the L2th May la-it; and al.-o the clerk to the
Punting Committee."
Mr. CABELL, in explanation, said that the
Clerk of the House seemed to have some doubt
whether these persons were included in the reso-
lution which the House had adopted. Therefore
it was that he (Mr. C ) had offered the amend-
ment.
Mr. STRONG, (to the Speaker.) I desire to
know whether the Speaker has ruled that it is in *
order to amend an original proposition by adding
a provision for another and different class of of-
ficers ?
The SPEAKER was of opinion that the amend-
ment was in order.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I believe
that the bill making appropriations for the naval
service has been returned from the Senate with
amendments. It is proper that they should be re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways arid Means.
The chairman of that committee [Mr. Bayly] is
rrbt at this moment in his seat; and I move that
the bill be referred.
Ordered accordingly.
COMPENSATION.
The question then recurred on the resolution and
amendments, (above given,) the immediate ques-
tion bein^ on the amendment of Mr. Cabell.
Mr. CABELL. It is my opinion that these
persons are provided for in the resolution which
has been adopted; but there seems to be some
doubt about it, and therefore I have offered the
amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH requested Mr. Cabell
so to modify his resolution as to include the clerk
of the standing Committee on Printing.
Mr. CABELL was understood to modify his
amendment accordingly.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and the affirmative vote stood—
ayes 50, noes scarcely any.
No quorum voting—
Mr. CABELL called for tellers; who were or-
dered, and Messrs. Wentwort& and Campbell
were appointed.
