9M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
ful and deliberate examination of the question than
could possibly be given to it in the circumstances
under which the committee was now acting. As
he viewed the matter at present, he was inclined
to the belief, that by reducing the number of Rep-
resentatives, as contemplated by this amendment,
the effect wouid be to throw the whole legislation
of the country into the hands of a few of the
larger States, leaving the smaller States mere
ciphers; and especially at this particular period in
our history, when we were receiving vast acces-
sions to our territorial boundaries 
Mr. BOCOCK interposed, he said, to a question
of order. He submitted to the Chair whether it
was in order, after a voie had been taken on the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, and a call
tor a division had been made on another amend-
ment, to make these remarks ?
The CHAIRMAN said it was in order. No
question had been taken, nor any division been
had. •
Mr. BOCOCK submitted that a vote had been
taken, and a decision had.
The CHAIRMAN said there had been no final
decision.
Mr. MEACHAM proceeded with his remarks.
They had, he said, m Vermont, two hundred and
forty members, and only about eight thousand
square miles of territory. He thought the amend-
ment was especially inopportune at this time,
when our national limits, instead of being de-
creased, were incjeasing rapidly; and, he thought,
a liberal and enlightened policy would require
that, so far from diminishing the number of Repre-
sentatives, it should be increased. In his judg-
ment, the amendment was altogether out of place.
Let the matter go over until the census should
have been taken. Let us know what new States
were to be admitted into the Union, and what was
the number of Representatives which might be
desired in different putts of the country, and then
let the question be decided. Let time be given
for deliberation—for a comparison of views—or
let a committee be appointed to inquire into the
subject, and to make a report upon it. This was
the best and the most proper mode of disposing of
the question; and mme especially so, because it
was his conviction, that to adopt this amendment
would result in arraying against the enure bill a.
still more formidable opposition than alieady ex-
isted. He believed that it was wrong to introduce
the amendment here. He objected to the attempt
to force it through in this ha&ty and inconsiderate
manner. It was doing injustice. Some members
mi^ht have had time to consider it in all its bear-
ings; but few had hud either time or opportunity
to do so. He thought, therefore, that it was riot
asking too much that the amendment should not
be pressed at a time when the committee was dis-
cussing the census bill, with which it was not
necessaiiiy connec ed.
iYJr. M. withdrew the amendment.
IVir. LrTi'LfcbMELD renewed the motion of
the gentlem-m from Vermont, [Mr. Mbacham,]
antf said that he ( vlr. L.) had well considered the
proposition now under consideration, the amend- !
ment of the gentleman from Onio, [Mr. Vinton.j 1
When the proposition was first made, it struck ■
him tavora >iy, as to the principle"involved, though I
the numuer proposed was not as large as he j
should desire. He was well aware of the trouble ;
and difficulty of apportioning the Representatives
among the States utter me census had ueen taken, i
He hud had some experience in this business. !
He was a member of the House when the pie&ent j
appomoument was made m 1S42, as was also the ;
present chairman of the committee, [Mr. Thomp- i
son, of Mississippi,] and some fifteen other mem-
Ltrsof the pi?*><rnt House. He well remembered
the protracted struggle on that occasion, and the ;
etioiis made by the delegations from the several i
States to adopt such a number to a Representative
a* wouid leave the smallest fraction tu their own
S ate. it was with a view to prevent such trouble
hereafter, that he had thought favorably of tae
proposition to fix the number before the return of
the certc-u-4. And now it lull discussion could be ,
had, lie was prepared to entertain the proposition
and give it tu>f consideration; but u was an im- .
porianl suoj ci, and uou U not lefuiily discu&sed
at tms time. It would <le>ay, and possibly defeat
the een.vu> bill, wmcfi all agreed should be passed
With the least possible loss oi time, it was a sub-
ject worthy of free and full discussion in Commit- i
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, when
the five minutes rule was not in force. The sub-
ject of representation m this House was one of
the dearest rights of the people, and no law or
regulation affecting that right should be adopted
without full consideration. At-any rate, he was
not prepared to adopt the measure without further
deliberation. For these reasons he had come to
the conclusion, contrary to his first impressions,
to vote against the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
Mr. L. then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to substitute for the num-
ber two hundred that of two hundred and forty.
The CHAIRMAN said, that number had
already been offered and rejected.
Mr. TAYLOR continued. Any number—say
two hundred and forty-two. All he desired was
to say a few words m explanation. It was with
very great reluctance that he submitted any re-
marks upon this particular question at this stage
of the debate on the census bill. But he regarded
as one of the most important question that could
be submitted to this body at any time, the appor-
tionment of Representatives among the various
States And he regretted to be compelled to ex-
press his views upon the subject in the short space
of five minutes allowed by the rule, when he
found the most experienced members of this
body—gentlemen, like his honorable colleague,
[Mr. Vinton,] who had served many years in tne
Congress of the United States, and whose knowl-
edge, ability, and long public service commend
their opinions to the country and to the House, dif-
fering with himself. But, in looking at the Con-
stitution of the United States, it would, in his
humble judgment, be found that it never was con-
templated by the fiamers of that instrument, that
the apportionment of the Rv'presentauves should
be made until after the enumeration of the inhab-
itants had been taken. What did the Constitu-
tion say ?—the Constitution adopted in 17^7—
with the sanction of the highest names this coun-
try has ever known—Washington, Rufus King,
Madison, Carroll, and other such men—declaring
at that time that there should be one Represn-
ative to every thirty thousand inhabitants. And
it was contemplated, as he would show by the
reading of the clause, that the number of Rep-
resentatives should not exceed one for every thirty
thousand, until such enumeration of inhabitants
should be made as would enable Congress to make
a proper apportionment. It was not until after an
enumeration should be taken; and he contended
that Congress had no right to bind future bodies,
until after the enumeration of inhabitants was
taken, and it was seen what our numbers were.
Suppose there were twenty-five millions of people.
He believed this body was not too numerous, and
tiiat two hundred and fifty members would better
represent the interests of the people than two hun-
dred.
Mr. VINTON interposed, and (Mr T. yielding
the floor) said, that his amendment provided that
the apportionment should be made after the census
was taken. The enumeration was fiist to be
taken, and then the apportionment was to be made
by the rule laid down.
Mr. TAYLOR (resuming) said, he understood
that; but they were judging tor those who were
to come after them. Why should not the Con-
gress which succeeded them represent the views
and interests of tins great nation quite as well as
the present Congress? He believed, that the
enumeration should first be taken. He believed
with the gentleman from Mary land, [Mr. Bowie,]
that one Representative tor every one hundred
thousand people was little enough; and that if a
member represented properly the interests, wishes,
and feelings of his constituents, he would find all
his time taxed to the utmos1; fie would find all his
intelligence, his talents, and his patuotism called
into requisition. Pie (Mr. T.) beiieved the num-
ber was sufficiently small. He would not, in an-
ticipation of the census, hunt it to a smaller num-
bei 
The hammer fell.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, renewed the
amendment. He said that he had not paid any
great attention to the general objections which had
hern urged agdinstihe adoption of this amendment;
but, wiiii ail due deference to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,} who had just taken his seat,
it seemed to him (Mr. T.) that there could not be i
the slightest measure of pretence that the amend-
ment involved any violation of the Constitution.
One great necessity which existed for having a
legislative body was, that public sentiment should,
through it, be collected and concentrated; and it
should, therefore, be of such a size that the mem-
bers could at least hear what each other said. In
other words, for purposes of discussion and inter-
change of opinion, they ought to be within ear-
shot of each other. For all purposes of efficient
legislation, the House should be a controllable
body, and not a mob in the Campus Martius or
the Champs de Elysees—a quiet, thoughtful, dis-
creet, and wise body—not disorderly, tumultuous,
and unwieldy. By some sort of sympathy, or
animal fermentation, all large bodies, or congrega-
tions of persons, ran into mobocracy and tumult.
Large districts sent to the halls of legislation en-
lightened men—men of experience, reputation, and
character. It was on account of their character
and reputation that they were elected. Small dis-
tricts enabled little men from a county, or family,
or faction, or some other unaccountable local
cause, to come here. Small districts sent dema-
gogues and young men—men fit for the State
Legislatures, but, like boys, entirely too big for
their breeches when it was their ambition to come
here. The responsibility was increased in a small
body; and a mob, from the very fact of its divided
responsibility, would do that which no one man,
nor any few men, would do. Fewer men could
transact the public business as well as one-third
or one-fourth of the number could transact it in
the Senate; and it u'as to be remembered that
thirty distinct legislatures transacted the business
of the country, so far as concerned all small and
local matters of the States. If the proposition
should be adopted, it would save two months of
the time of Congress at the next session, in scuf-
fling over residiums, &c. If the proposition should
be found to be unsatisfactory, it would be in the
power of the next Congress to repeal it.
Mr. T. withdrew the amendment.
Mr. McMULLEN inquired of the Chair what
the question before the committee was?
The CHAIR explained.
Mr. TAYLOR said he had withdrawn his
amendment.
Mr, McMULLEN renewed it.
Mr. McM., in explanation, characterized the
proposition made by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton] as being altogether superfluous.
He objected to any attempt thus to tie up the
hands of their successors. The proposition he
declaied to be unprecedented in tne history of
legislation. He directed the attention of the com-
mittee to the geographical line which divided—by
the Blue Ridge Mountains—one portion of the
State which he in part represented from another,
and to the conflicting interests of the people on
the one and the other side—from which he en-
forced the necessity of having the census first
taken, that the representation might be properly
! apportioned. It was a matter of great concern to
' the State of Virginia, that the census should be
! first tuken; and no member of the House, espe-
1 dally from Virginia, should desire to handcuff
I their successors in the manner proposed by this
! amendment. For his own part, he would be
i satisfied that the number of representatives should
! ultimately be fixed anywhere beyond two hundred,
; °r at the present number. He would even go be-
! yond that. He considered it important,that the
| constituent and the representative should know
1 each other. He alluded to the length of the dts-
; trict which he himself represented at this time,
, and which, he said, was two hundred and sixty-
five miles. How could a member efficiently repie-
! sent his constituents, if they were not known to
each other? He desired especially that the prop-
, option of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vision*]
shouid be voted down. And he gave mvux that
if the amendment should prevail, he should feel it
to be his duty to vote against the whole hill.
Mr. McM. then withdrew his amendment.
Air. KAUFMAN renewed it,
Mr. JU.N E3 rose, he said, to a question of
order. Tne rule which allowed a nic.ui.ier five
minutes for explanation, required that hi* remarks
slioaid be confined to the amendment he imjjht
offer. Now, hedeMied to know whether a motion
to stnke out and insert another number opened
the whole merits of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton*]
