2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
Sept.. 28j
And the question being again taken, the vote
stood—ayes 70, noes 50.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
And the question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Hampton, as thus amended—
Mr. FEATHERSTON, to stop debate, (he
said,) moved the previous question.
There was a second; the main question was or-
dered, and having been taken, the amendment of
Mr. Hampton, as amended was, by ayes 62, noes
not counted, agreed to.
And the question recurring on the resolution as
thus amended-—
Mr. HAMPTON expressed his desire so to
modify it as to insert the words, " to be paid out
of the contingent fund."
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ROOT. Is it in order for me to move so
to amend the resolution as to embrace " the rest of
mankind ?"
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order at
this time.
Mr. ROOT. Well, I give notice that if ever it
is in order, I shall move this extra compensation
to the rest of mankind. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken, and the resolution
as amended, was adopted.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. CORB, of Alabama, said it was scarcely
necessary for him to inform the House that the
bounty land bill had been returned from the Sen-
ate with amendments. The Senate adhered (he
said) to theiramendments. He moved the appoint-
ment of a committee of conference.
Objection was made.
Mr. COBB moved a suspension of the rules.
After some conversation between Mr. FEATH-
ERSTON and the Speaker, on a point of ©rder, the
question was taken, and the vote stood—ayes 60,
noes 56. [Not two thirds in the affirmative.]
Mr. CROWELL called for tellers.
Mr. COBB called for the ygas and nays.
Mr. WENTWORTH. if the House intend
to pass this bill, it is necessary a committee of con-
ference should be appointed.
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order..
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion to suspend the rules.
And the question having been taken, lesulted—
yeas 82, nays 41; as follow:
YEAS— Messis. Albert&on, Alexander, Andeison, An-
drews, Bissell, Booth, Bowie, Breek, Bnag*, Albert (?.
JJrown, Buelj E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph Cable, Georiie
A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Caldwell, C.iiwn, Cartter, Oasev,
Cleveland, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Dnnmick, Disney,
Nathan Evans, Featherston, Fitch, Freediey, Fuller, Gil-
bert, Goortenow, llall, Hamilton, Harlan, It-ham G. Harris,
Sampson W Harus, Howe, Hubbard, Huntfr, Inge, Joseph
w. Jackson, .lonfs, Kaufman, Preston King, La Sen?,
Leffier, Marshall, McCiernand, McLanahan, jJ-lcQueen,
Miller, Morris, Morton,Newell, O^ie, Orr, Outlaw, Phelps,
Pitman, Potter, Powell, Rood, Rockwell, Ross, Silvester,
Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, F. P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Thaddeu*? Stevens, Stetson.Taylor. James Thompson,
Waiden, Waldo. Wallace, Walking YVentworth, Whittle-
sev, Wildriek, Woodward, Wright, and Yoimu—82.
NAYS —Messrs. Allen, Alston, Beale, Bokee, Biooks,
Cheater Butler, T. B. Butler, Campbell, Chandler, Crowell,
Duncan, Durkee. Eliot, Fowlei, Gerry, Goit, Gould, Grin-
nell, Halioway, Hampton, Hay, Henry, Holladay, Houston,
George G King, James G King. John A. King, LittlefiHd,
Horace Maun, McKi««sork, ^Teacham, Moore, Nelson. Otis,
Putnam, Reynolds, Risley, Boot, Thurman, Tuck, Vinton,
and White—41.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
Mr. COBB moved that the House insist on
its disagreement to the second and sixth amend-
ments of the Senate, and that a committee of con-
ference thereon be appointed.
Ordered accordingly.
And the Chair appointed Mr. Cobb, of Alabama,
Mr. Miller, and Mr. Marshall, to be the man-
agers of the conference on the part of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON", of Pennsylvania, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to report, from
the Committee on the Judiciary, Senate hill No.
210, entitled "An act to authorize the Secretary
•of War to allow the payment of interest to the
State of Georgia for advances made for the use
of the United States, in the suppression of the
hostilities of the Creek, Seminole, and Cherokee
Indians, in the years 1836, 1837, and 1838."
Objection having .being made, Mr. T. moved a
suspension of the rules; but two thirds not voting
in the affirmative, the rules were not suspended.
light-house bill.
Mr. GRINNELL asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up and consider the bill
from the Senate, on the Speaker's table, entitled
"An act making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes."
Objection having been made, Mr. G. moved a
suspension of the rules.
The question having been taken, the vote stood
—aves 96, noas 28.
Mr. VENABLE called for tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Miller and Duncan were
appointed.
And the question having been again taken, the
vote stood—ayes 102, noes 38.
Mr. VENABLE called for.the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
So, two thirds having voted in the affirmative,
the bill was taken up and read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. GRINNELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with a view to consider this bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the genth&nan to move to go into "committee for
the purpose of taking up this bill ?
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Is it in order to move
to refer the bill to the Committee on Commerce?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr* FEATHERSTON. -1 make the motion.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Grinnell]
to allow me to move that the rules be suspended
for the purpose of considerine this bill, without
going into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union
Mr. GRINNELL. I will waive my motion
for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to refer the bill to the Committee on Commerce,
and the House is already acting under a suspen-
sion of the rules. The bill must first be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The House will then be clear of the sus-
pension of the rules already ordered, and"another
motion of that kind can be made. The question,
therefore, is first on the reference of the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
And the bill having been so referred—
Mr. GRINNELL moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the purpose of considering it.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order, but
a vote of two thirds will be required.
And the question, " Shall the rules be suspend-
ed ?" was taken, and the vote stood—ayes 9S,
noes 32.
Tellers were demanded and ordered, and Messrs.
Phelps and Duncan were appointed.'
And the question having been again taken, the
vote stood-—ayes 56, noes not counted.
Two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. McLANE, of'Maryland. I now move
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. BURT. I suggest to the Chair that the
motion of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
McLane] is not the true motion. The bill has
never been considered in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and therefore ihe com-
mittee cannot be discharged from its further con
sideration.
After some conversation between Mr. McMUL-
LEN and the Speaker, the question on the motion
to suspend the rules was put.
There was great confusion in the Hall, and bus-
iness was suspended for some time.
Mr. STANLY inquired whether, if the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
should be discharged from the consideration of the
bill, it would be before the House for its action?
The SPEAKER assented.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY. I am directed by the Committee
of Ways and Means, to whom were referred the
amendments of the Senate to the bill making ap-
propriations for the naval service, to report them
back, with a recommendation that the House con-
cur in all the amendments except the fourth, and
that they disagree to that amendment.
The SPEAKER. What disposition does the
gentleman propose to make of the report?—to re-
fer it ?
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir; it is not necessary to
refer it.
The SPEAKER. Then the amendments will
be reported to the House.
Business was again suspended, owing to the
confusion in the Hall.
The amendments were read.
The House concurred in the first, second, and
third amendments of the Senate.
APPOINTMENT OF MIDSHIPMEN.
The fourth amendment was read, as follows:
Insert before the word " provided " the words " on nom-
ination by the delegation to Congress fmm said State, or a
majoiity of them."
" That no midshipman in ihe navy shall be appointed
from any congressional district having at the uirieof appoint-
ment more than ts^o officers of" that grade hi the navy from
such district; and whenever an appointment shall be made
fiom any State, the person so appointed shall be an actual
resident of the congressional district from which the ap-
pointment purports to be made: Jhtdprovided fv.rth.er> That
such congressional district of any State that may not have
any midshipman in the navy at the time an appointment
may be made from said State, shall be entitled to at least
one appointment before any other shall be made from any
district of the State having one or more officers of that gtade
in the navy."
The amendment having been read,
Mr. BAYLY said, I have already stated that
the Committee of Ways and Means recommend
that the House do not concur in this amendment
of the Senate, and it is proper that 1 should say a
word by way of explanation. An amendment was
offered by the gentleman from New Hampshire,
in relation to the mode ofappointing midshipmen.
That amendment required the appointment to be
made on the recommendation of a majority of the
delegation from each State. The Committee of
Ways and Means are of opinion that it should be
made by the member of Congress representing
the district from which the midshipman is to be
appointed, and my impression is, that such is the
existing mode. This amendment proposes a
change; that is to say, that the appointment shaft
be made by tfte majority of the delegation. We
recommend non-concurrence.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to concur with the Senate in its amendment.
The fifth amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
DRY DOCK AT SAN FRANCISCO.
The sixth amendment of the Senate was as fol-
lows:
Amendment No. 6 of the Senate. Strike out
from the clause below, the words, initalics, and in-
sert after the word "Navy" the words "shall'
also be authorizedand at the end of the clause
add, "on such terms as he shall deem reasonable."
" For commencing the construction of a floating dry dock
on the coast of California, .>100,000 ; and the Secretary of
the \avv is authorized "[ami directed} to enter into a con-
tract [wi/.'i Samuel D- Dahin, John S. Gilbert, Zeno Secor,
and Rutherford Moody] lor the construction, with all reason-
able dispatch, ot a s-'eetiunaJ or balance floating dry dock,
ba^in, and railway, at such harbor on ihe coast of the Pa-
cific ocean as he nuy select, of a capacity and dimensions
in no respect interior to those of the dry dock in progress of
construction at Pens.icola: Provided, That, by granting the
said contractors permission if required, to prepare the mat*#
rials chiffly at some harbor on the Atlantic sea-hoard, and
advancing mouevs theieon as the work progress, the said
works can be completed at n sum not exceeding by more
than twelve per cent, the total amount contracted to be paid
for the floating dock, basin, and railway, at the Pensacola
navy yard, with th/3 addition thereto of what would be the
cost of tran^poitation to said coast of the said materials
thus prepared, and with the reservation till the works arft
doue, of ten per cent., and the usual surety for the faithful
performance of the contract. And [itf slurflalso be the duty oj]
the Secretary of the Navy to enter into an agreement with
the contractors, if they will keep the said vvotksm
repair, and propel care ol the same, for any given
period ot yea?*, free of charge to the Govf-rntnenr, to per-
mit them to use the &aid works during such period, on their
own account, for repairing merchant vessels, when not oc-
cupied by vessels ot the navy, to which precedence shall at
alt times be given."
The amendment having been read,
Mr. BAYLY said, the Committee of Ways and
Means recommend that the House concur with
the Senate in their amendment. The changes
which were made by the Senate were these:
There was no change as to the character of the
dock. The amendment as it stood, required it to
be a floating dry dock. Therefore, a stone dock
could not be substituted for it. Tiuronly change
