1850.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
TheCHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
3VJr. KAUFMAN renewed the motion, in order
to entitle him to address the committee. He rose
(he said) for the purpose of supporting the amend-
ment which had been proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio; and, as a member of this body, he
thanked the gentleman for having proposed it.
He should have preferred that the census should
be taken in accordance with the provisions of the
act of 1790; and he should also have preferred
that the number provided for in the amendment
had been less than it was; but a motion had been
made by him to reduce the number to one hundred
and fifty, and it had failed, and he should support
the amendment, therefore, as it then stood. He
believed that less than two hundred were sufficient
to discharge the duties of legislation in a manner
creditable to themselves and beneficial to the great
interests which weie to be intrusted to them. He
believed that this amendment was one of gieat and
vital importance. He regarded it as a practical
amendment-; and he believed if it should not be
adopted, that when the House came to act upon
an apportionment bill, the storm of feeling that
would be raised m this country would show sig-
nificantly and emphatically to the House and the
country the propriety of the amendment then un-
der consideration before the committee. If that
amendment were not now adopted, or an amend-
ment containing a similar principle, the Legisla-
tures of nearly all the States would have to be
convened for the purpose of laying off the new
Congressional districts, at an expens eof hundreds
of thousands of dollars—an enormous tax to be
imposed upon the people of this country.
What would be the condition of things in this
House when they came to act upon the apportion-
ment bill? The unhappy state of feeling which
now exists throughout the country would be in-
creased to an alarming extent, and gentlemen
might be assured that when the vote came to be
taken upon that apportionment bill, such a
scene would occur as' had never before per-
haps been witnessed in Congress. Formerly
the struggle was mainly between the larger and
the smaller States, but the indications arising from
the feeling now existing in the country clearly
showed that it would be converted into a sectional
question; and if the North should undertake to
trespass or encroach upon the rights of the South,
to the extent of one hair's breadth, a storm,
such an excitement of feeling, would be created
throughout this country as had never before oc-
curred dutmg the existence of this Government.
The agitation of the Wilmot proviso, which had
prevailed for four years in Congress, would be
nothing to it. The agitation of the questions
with which Congress was now engaged would be
nothing xn comparison to it; more especially as it
would be within the knowledge of all, the fact
would be known to the people of the North and
of the South, that the whole difficulty might ha\e
been prevented by the adoption of the amendment
which they had now before them. lie hoped that
no member of the committee would vote against
the amendment. It was an important amendment,
and one which should have been adopted before;
but if ever there was a time when the state of feel-
ing existing in the country demanded the adoption
of such a provision, in Older to preventthe increase
of sectional and hostile feelings, and if possible to
allay them, the present was that time. He should
vote for the amendment most cordially, and he be-
lieved,fiom the indications which had been a. ready
given upon that floor, that it would receive the
sanction of a majority of the committee.
There are now two hundred and thirty-one
members on this floor. This amendment proposes
to reduce them to two hundred. Mr. K. said that
he believed that every member taken out of this
body would secure thousands of dollars to the
country, and add additional years to the duration
of the Union.
M r. KAUFMAN withdrew the motion.
Mr. JOHN A. KING- said he would move an-
other number, one which had not been before pro-
posed ; for the purpose of enabling him to occupy
the floor for a few moments, he would move to in-
sert fifty-one, so that the number would stand two
hundred and fifty-one. He thought there ought
to be some relative proportion between the num-
ber of members of the Senate and of the House.
If the Senate were a fixed body, if it did not in-
crease in numbers from time to time, there would
be a propriety infixing the number of the members
of the House of Representatives. There were
State legislatures in which the number of members
of both houses were fixed; such was the case in
his own State, and in Virginia he believed a simi-
lar state of things existed. But the Senate of the
United States was a body that was liable to change
as new States came in, and they were coming in
very rapidly. Some were now waiting to be ad-
muted.
The Senate of the United States at present con-
sisted of sixty members, and the House of Repre-
sentatives of two hundred and thitty-one. That rela-
tive proportion had been fixed upon mature delib-
eration and for good and sufficient reason. If the
popular sentiment or the popular will was to be
reflected at all, it must be reflected in that body,
and nothing was so well calculated to reflect pub-
lic sentiment as numbers. It was said that num-
bers produced confusion and were calculated to
impede legislation. He would admit, that if car-
ried beyond proper bounds, if made to exceed the
number that was sufficient to reflect popu'ar sen-
timent, it would be attended with disadvantage.
There were always some listless and inefficient men,
and it became necessary that the businessshould be
carried through by the active and energetic portion
of the members, it was not numbers which pre-
vented legislation; it was the want of vitality,
which sometimes existed on the part of a legisla-
tive body, which prevented them from carrying
out the popular will. That was the opinion that
he held; and he was not for taking away the effi-
ciency and force which numbers gave to their acts
of legislation. There were important questions
upon which the popular judgment should be ex-
pressed, and it was in this bianch of Congress that
that popular judgment was to be indicated. There
should, then, be a sufficient number of members to
represent fully the whole body of the people, it
was for this reason that he was of opinion, that
if the number -of members was increased to two
hundred and fifty, the body would not be too nu-
merous to make efficient and proper laws for this
nation. He would, therefore, move, and he trust-
ed that he might obtain a vote upon the motion,
to insert fifty-one. He knew not what favor his
proposition might meet with, and he was not very
solicitous on the subject; but if the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio should pre-
vail, he would greatly prefer that the nu .ioer of
Representatives should be two hundred and fifty,
rather than that they should be confined to two
hundred.
The question being put upon the proposition to
insert fifty-one, so as to make the number two
hundred and fifty-one, the votes were counted by
tellers, and were, ayes 53, noes 64.
So the motion did not prevail.
Mr. BOOTH moved to insert thirty-five after
the word "hundred," so as to make the number
two hundred and thirty-five.
Upon this motion tellers wereaskedand ordered,
and Messrs. Calvin and Millson were appointed
as such.
The members having passed between the tellers,
it was ascertained that there were 56 ayes, aud 59
noes.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WOOD moved to amend the amendment,
by adding after the words " two hundred," the
words " thirty-lour," so as to make the number
two hundred and thirty-four.
The question being put, it was decided in the
negative.
Mr. GENTRY moved to amend the amend- j
ment, by inserting afier the words 44 two hun- |
dred," the word ''seventy,'* so as to make the
number two hundred and seventy. ;
He desired to say that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. King] had fully expressed the views
which heemeriained ufihe policy ofhavinga House '
of Representatives large and full enough to repre- '
sent the millions on milhonsof citizens which now
exist and will hereafter exist m our country.
He would not add a woid to what had fallen from
the gentleman from New York, but that he thought
tne gentleman had omitted a single item which, in
his> opinion, was entitled to great consideration.
The House of Representative.* ought not only to
represent all the wishes and opinions of the con-
stituency, but should be so Urge as to be beyond
any improper action on the part of the Executive
branch, which might lead to the danger of mis-
representing the wishes and the will of the peo-
ple.
It had passed under his observation since he had
been a member of this House, and more fhan
once—and he disclaimed any intention to make
allusions to any Administration—when questions
of great importance had been introduced here,
which were received without the slightest degree
of favor at the outset, that almost immediately
afterwards, an evident change had taken place.
Execu'ive appliances were brought into operation,
and these being repeated time and time over again,
the original proposition received some unimportant
modifications, so that what had, at the first, found
no favor at all with the House, finally passed by
a triumphant vote. Since that time our country
has greatly increased, and, in the last few years,
the patronage of the Executive has increased, is
increasing, and will continue to increase. In the
hands of a designing Executive, tins influence
might hereafter be brought to bear more effectually
on a House of Representatives, teduced in us
numbers to the limit prescribed in the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio. He desired to have
the House so large as to be beyond the reach of
this Executive influence, in order that the repre-
sentatives of the people may speak, and act, and
vote, independently of every influence, except the
wishes and opinions of their constituents. The
gentleman from Kentucky[Mr.th0mps0n] thought
that the House, in its proceedings, sometimes re-
sembled a mob. Now he was willing to put this
House in comparison with the other House in this
Capitol, with reference to the orderly character of
our proceedings, is there not quite as much order
in this House as there is in the other? That body
is few in number, yet he thought our proceedings
would not suffer by a comparison with those of
the other branch.
Let this House faithfully reflect the feelings, the
prejudices, and even the passions of the people—
even although they should rise to the fury of a
tempest—and thus they would properly and truly
carry out the true principles of our Government.
Let us be careful so to fulfill our representative du-
ties as that they may not be liable to Executive
interference in any shape. This would be best
effected by having a large and full House. He
was willing that the numoer should be increased
to three hundred, but as that was not likely to
meet the favor of the committee, he was content
to taKe the number he had designated in his amend-
ment.
There was yet another reason which operated
on his mind. On the all-exciting subject which
had occupied so much of our time, nearly every
gentleman on this floor had made a speech, or con-
sidered himself bound to make one. Now he de-
sired to see the number of representatives so much
increased, as to render it impossible for every one
to make a speech.
Here the hammer fell.
Tellers were then demanded on the motion of
Mr. Gentry, and a majority rising in fav.x of
the demand, Mr Hubbard, of Alabama, and Mr.
Hollidat, of Virginia, were requested by w.e
Ch^ir to act as teileis.
The question on the motion to amend was t! en
put and decided m the negative—ayes 51,  mes 12.
Mr. VENABLE moved to strike out 2U0 a.d.
inse«tl8U. He was satisfied to vote for the limit-
ation to two hundred, and ofleied his amend-
ment, pro forma, meiety to reply to an argument
which had been often urged up >n the co.ummee.
It had been urged by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Gentry,] that a numerous Hon^e
would be less accessiole to the influence of the
Executive, less exposed to coiru(mon, and more
conservative than a smaller numner. This may
be true m extreme cases; but the safest course
here, as in all other ca>es, was to adopt a medium
between extremes,—a house sufficiently numer-
ous to represent the people, aud tiansact the busi-
ness with dispatch, and not so numerous as to
approach the character of a mob. but it was a
fallacy that very numerous nod es were le&s ex-
posed to corrupting influences than smaller ones.
It would be mu^h easut-r to mislead a la;g^ town
meeting than a grand jury. L <rge a-semo ies are
more exposed to the contagious influence of ex-
cited feeling than small and more responsible
ones. If gentlemen wish, in fact, to prevent the
influence of the Executive on the members of tins
House, if they are in good earnest, let them intro-
