928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1.
duce a bill which forbids any member of Congress
from accepting office from the Executive whilst
a member of Congress, or for two years after-
wards. This will destroy the power of the Ex-
ecutive here, and for such a bill I will vote with
pleasure. This remedy will reach the seat of the
dlSHe withdrew the amendment.
Mr. DURKEE renewed the amendment for the
purpose of making an explanation.
Hesaid: Mr. Chairman, Idonotrise with a view
of influencing the final vote on the question, as the
committee has repeatedly indicated its purpose
to sustain the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, but to give some reasons for my vote to en-
large rather than diminish the number of members
of the House of Representatives. But before doing
so, let me express my warmest approbation of the
noble and generous sentiments which have just
fallen from the honorable gentleman fromTennes-
see, [Mr. Gentry.] .
The correct rule, sir, for us to adopt in settling
this question, in my opinion, is, to go for the
largest possible number that can be efficient m the
business of legislation. This Government has evei
been Urge in geographical dimensions ever since
the confederation of the States, and now greatly
enlarged by extensive acquisitions, reaching fiom
the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from the British do-
minions, on the noith, to the Gtilf of Mexico.^ We
are soon to have a great number of additional
States, many of them to be inhabited by people
of different languages and customs, (as our coun-
try is the asylum of the oppressed of other nations;)
it will therefore be seen, the more we mingle nt
national legislation the more rapidly shall we be
assimilated into republican simplicity of American
character; the more we become acquainted with
eich other, the more fully shall we see that the
principle of legislation that is good for any portion
of our common country is good for all; our high-
' est interests are one.
Sir, the only efficient lfjw we have in this coun-
try is the will of the people; it is therefore desir-
able to have it expressed as fully as practicable on
our statute books. Lven the Constitution and the
Judiciary department feel to some extent the in-
fluence of the mighty current of thought that guides
the nation m its administration of public affairs.
1 expect ever to obey this law unless it shall te-
quire me to do a wrong; in such a case, 1 shall be
disloyal without regard to consequences.
1 am aware, however, sir, ihat the tendency of
political nianagets and tacticians for a few years
past is in another direction, and it seems to me
that influence affects us more now than we are
aware of, in giving this vote. Why, sir, it is but
a short tune since, that in one of our great national
primary political meetings, we adopted the two-
thirds rule, soon after the majority rule, and at
the organization of this House we came down still
lower, to the minority rule, since gentlemen who
liave<seats on this floor are urging with great ve-
hemence the adoption of the one-fifth rule, that is,
one-fifth to rule the four-fifths. Sir, I am con-
scious that these cases are not strictly analogous,
but they ser\e to show that the representatives of
the people are approximating to the one man
power, while the people themselves, I believe, are
expanding their alfections into a wider and higher
Democracy—a sympathy for all mankind. The
remarks ot' the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Kauf-
man]—who is m favor of reducing the present
number to one hundred and fifty—run particularly
in this direction. He says we must setde this
. question now, it witrnot do to allow the people to
adjust It hereafiei—that the public sentiment will
break out in gieat disorder and confusion, fur sur-
passing the excitement that now exists on the sub-
ject of the Wilmot proviso. Sir, let me say to
the honoiabie gentleman from Texas, if we avow
it to be our purpose to control public opinion on
' the subject of lepiesentauon hereafter, by a strin-
gent system of legislation, we shall justly draw
upon our heads the indignation of the people and
the whole country—we shall be quietly permit-
ted to vacate our seats for such men as believe in
the doctrine of principal and agency m this mat-
ter.
Mr. Chairman, I have discovered no inconve-
nience from our present number of Representa-
tives in prosecuting our legislative duties, but, on
the contrary, I have been highly entertained and
instructed in the very interesting debates of this
body, that have been conducted, With few excep-
tions, with the most perfect order and propriety.
Especially, sir, did we during the long struggle
for Speaker, and occasionally amidst the most ex-
citing debate, give the strongest demonstrations
that the Government of this Republic is the intet-
ligence and sobriety of the people. I will con-
clude, sir, by saying, that 1 should feel gratified if
it should suit the pleasure of the committee to
postpone the further consideration of this question
until we should have a more full expression of the
people throughout the whole country.
Mr. D. withdrew his amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS renewed the amendment. He
stated, in substance, that his principal object was,
to make a remark or two m reply to the observa-
tions which had fallen from the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry,] and the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Durkee,] which he considered
as based on a fallacious principle. He dissented
from the policy of increasing the number of the
House of Representatives, and disclaimed the doc-
trine that members were bound to represent on
this floor all the prejudices and caprices of their
constituents. He denied the practicability of any
such effort. The country was tod large, the inter-
ests were too various and conflicting, to permit
this to be done. All that was practicable or desi-
rable was, to represent the general feelings and
opinions of the people. He adverted to the differ-
ence ill the character of the proceedings in the
British Parliament, and that of the proceedings of
Congress. There, the business of legislation em-
braced a variety of topics, which, under our insti-
tutions, were divided between Congress and the
various State Legislatures. He thought that the
introduction of any local feeling and piejudice m
the legislative proceedings of Congress would be
highly improper. In fact, it would be impracti-
cable
With reference to the complaint of the gentleman
from Tennessee, of the influence exercised by the
Executive on the proceedings of this House, he
asked if the gentleman was of the opinion that it
would be haider to buy up members because they
were fewer in number? Did that gentleman think
that in proportion to the diminution of numbers
would be the elevation of the standard ot morality ?
He then reminded the gentleman, that such a mode
of reasoning was directly in opposition to the or-
dinary principles which regulated trade, which
held that value lowered as the supply became
greater, if you went into the market to buy a
barrel of flour or a pair of boots, it was invariably
the case that yt>u found the price regulated by the
supply. That was the way the thing worked. If
we were to adopt the piinciple of bunging into
this House a reflex of all the prejudices and feel-
ings of every part of our extended population,
from Maine to Texas, and to the Pacific, the coun-
try could not stand. It was our duty to confine
our action to those objects for which we weiesent
heie by our constituents. It should be our main
duty to secure an equal representation, and to let
the poor man bo rcpesented here, as well as the
rich. He thought the House was already too
numeious. He should prefer a limit of this branch
to one hundred and fifty members. But if the
number of two hundred was deemed better, he
would yield to the sentiment of the House, and
adopt that number. The House was already laige
enough, and, in his opinion, too large.
He then withdrew the motion to amend.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved the fol-
lowing:
Be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Interior,
in In? instructions to the rnaislials, bUali direct that the sta-
tistics in regard toaiiotlm descriptions ot hemp not embraced
in the denomination of dew and waiei-roued, shall be taken
and estimated m the returns.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
Mr. GREEN renewed the amendment of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, and the only object
(he said) which he had in so doing was to give
his views which came up as pertinent to that mo-
tion. He was opposed to the amendment of ihe
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton;] and the
amendment of the gentleman from Wisconsin, be-
ing in his opinion calculated to defeat that amend-
ment, he was in favor of it. This was not the time
'to bring up so grave and important a matter as the
settling the representation of the country for ten
years to come. The enumeration of; the inhabit-
ants had not yet been taken; they were acting
comparatively in the dark. It might be said they
were now only fixing the rule by which they were
to be governed hereafter. Let that rule depend on
the facts developed by the actual enumeration as
taken by the respective marshals. All such rales
depended upon the state of facts, out of which they
originated; these facts must be collected and
brought before them, before they could properly
be called to act.
Besides, there was another important point. He
denied the right of this Congress to delegate the
power of fixing the apportionment of representa-
tion to any individual, or to any officer, because
the fixing the apportionment under the Constitu-
tion was a sovereign act, an act of sovereign power.
Although he believed that the House of Represent-
atives might be, perhaps, too large, yet the fixing
the number.of Representatives of the States of this
Confederacy under the Constitution, was to be
done by the body representing the sovereign power
of the nation. They could not prescribe rules for
the purpose, and then delegate the execution of
these rules to a third party; they could not say
that the Secretary of the Interior should do that
duty, should perform that obligation, which the
.Constitution had imposed upon Congress. It was
wrong. If they had the right to do it, he should
say that the proposition was ill-timed and prema-
ture. They had no time to discuss this grave and
important matter; the five minutes rule did not
permit the discussion of the various interests and
principles involved in fixing the ratio of the rep-
resentation of the States, for he agreed with the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that the
States were to be represented.
The proposition ought therefore to be voted
! down. .
! If they said to the Secretary of the Interior that
! he might fix the apportionment of representation
! under"a rule which they prescribed to him, mis-
takes might occur in tly; calculations—in other
words, the Secretary might not bring out the
j proper results by the division, and there would be
i no remedy until after one election should have
i taken place.
• The question was taken, and the amendment to
'< the amendment was rejected.
i Mr. BAYLY moved to amend by making the
I number two hundred and nine. He did so, he
; said, to appeal to the committee, that a& the sense
1 of the committee had been distinctly ascertained,
| as a variety of numbers had been proposed and
' rejected, and it was very distinctly ascertained that
1 the majority of the committee were in favor of the
1 number of two hundred, if the amendment were
j to prevail at all, to allow the vote to be taken at
| once upon the amendment of the gentleman from
i Ohio, [cries of " Agreed, agreed,"] as it seemed
; perfectly certain that they could not alter the nunv
; ber, and let them stop this useless waste of time.
1 He withdrew his amendment.
: Mr. HUBBARD moved to amend by making
1 the number two hundred and eleven, for the pur-
, pose, he said, of making a few remarks. He
, protested against the conclusion which the gen-
i tleman from Virginia had drawn, that because
i many members had voted here for the number two
hundred, they were in favor of the entire amend-
ment.
Mr. BAYLY (explaining) said the gentleman
from Alabama had misunderstood him. He had
stated tha' a majonty of the committee were ob-
viously in fa\or of that number if the amendment
were to prevail at all.
Mr. HUBBARD (resuming) said he agrfed
i with the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Grf.i.k]
i upon one point; that this Mas not the time in
which the ratio of representation should be
fixed; and he would gne his reason. The fixing
the ratio m advance nn^iit hold out the tempta-
tion to some of the States to bring up their enu-
meration to a particular point so as to secuie a
ceitam nuinuer of Representatives. Let Con-
eiess, after the enumeration was made, fix the
ratio, and the cen us would be fairly taken.
He withdrew the amendment.
Calls for the question.
Mr. WOOD moved to strike out " two hun-
dred" and in?-ert "two hundred ami thn ty-four."
The CHAIRMAN stated that he believed that
; motion had been made and rejected. It was not,
i theiefore, attain m order.
i Some conversation followed between Mr. Woon
