THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.
    _<*
—TERMS$3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 9, 1850.
* New Series.... No. 59.
and the Chairman on this point, but the Chair re-
taining the impression that it had once been acted
on,
The amendment was not received.
Mr. BOOTH moved to strike out /'two hun-
dred" and insert " two hundred and thirty-three."
He temporarily withdrew the amendment to en-
able Mr. Duncan to make an explanation.
Mr. DUNCAN renewed the amendment of Mr.
Booth, and proceeded to submit some remarks in
favor of the number proposed by it, " two hundred
and thirty-three." He wished to call the attention
of the House to the fact, that if they adopted this
number they would do no violence to the feelings
of the people of the country—it being very nearly
the number of which this House was now com-
posed.
Gentlemen argued this question as if they were
fixing the ratio of representation fofever. They
forgot that the mover of this amendment offered it
only as a means of securing a perpetual organiza-
tion of the House; but the measure would be sub-
ject to be altered or repealed by any succeeding
Congress. There was, therefore, no danger in
adopting it.
He was willing to vote for any number between
two hundred and two hundred and fifty. And he had
voted for almost every number that had been pro-
posed. But he believed that adopting a proposi-
tion intended to secure the organization and the
perpetuity of the House of Representatives, they
could insert no safer number than that of which
the present House was composed. A number
which, as he had before said, would excite no ap-
prehension or alarm in the minds of the people.
The question being on the number 233—
Messrs. BOOTH, DUNCAN, and others called
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Featherston
and Gould were appointed, who—the question
having been taken—reported ayes 58, noes 63.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question recurred on the original amend-
ment of Mr. Vinton, on which tellers had been
ordered.
The question was taken, and the tellers, Messrs.
Jones, and Butler, of Pennsylvania, reported—
ayes 72, noes 63.
So the amendment, as originally offered by Mr.
Vinton, was adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania. I believe
that all the amendments have been gone through
with. If so, I move that the committee rise and
report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The substitute for the bill
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Miller] remains
unacted on.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD moved to amend the bill,
by adding the following, to come in after tl^
amendment of Mr. Vinton, viz:
Provided, Th;it if the Department of the Interior shall be
abolished by law before the pioviSions of this act are earned
into effect, the duties heieby imposed on the Seureiaiy of
the Interior shall be performed by the Secretary of State.
The amendment, by ayes 51, noes 66, was re-
jected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said he sup-
posed it would now be in order for him to move
an amendment. He desired to propose an addi-
tional section to the bill. Yesterday he had en-
deavored to amend one of the schedules 
The CHAIR (interposing) requested the gen-
tleman to state what the amendment which he
intended to offer was.
Mr. STANTON sent to the Clerk's table the
following amendment; which was read:
Be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the IntpHor,
in his instructions to the marshals, shaii direct that the sta-
tistics in regard to all other descriptions of hemp not em-
braced in the denomination of dew and water-rotted, shall
be taken and estimated in the returns.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. STANTON said, that he had yesterday
attempted to have the schedules so amended as
that a description of hemp noteomprehended within
what was known as the dew and water-rotted
hemp should be included. He had been told by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thomf- i
59
son,] that the schedules had been already printed.
He (Mr. S.) had been given to understand by that
gentleman that no amendment could be made to
the tables at this time. It had struck his mind as
strange, that the Secretary of the Interior, or any
one else, should direct certain pegs to be set, and
should order that they, the Congress of the United
States, should march up to them. He (Mr. S.)
thought that this was wrong; and intending, at
the time he made the effort, to go for a large por-
tion of the bill, he had changed his mind, and an-
nounced that he should go against the bill unless
some amendments which, in his judgment, were
material, should be made. The chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary [Mr. Thompson] had
said that the most proper mode of accomplishing
the object would be to get the Secretary of the In-
terior to instruct the marshals.- He (Mr. S.) de-
sired to effect the object. The information was
important. The hemp to which he referred was
known as Kyanizeil—a description of hemp which,
to aome extent, was superseding, in the cordage
used by boatmen on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers, that made of water-rotted and Manilla
hemp. He desired that this description of hemp,
as well as any other, might be embraced in the
information that should be collected.
The question was then taken and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES offered the following, as an addi-
tional section, to come in at the end of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.]
Jtnd he it further cnaeted, That the first eloctinn for Rep-
resentatives under the apportionment herein provided for,
shall be held in each State on the first Thursday in May,
18i>3. And forever thereafter an ejection for Representa-
tives shall be held m each Slate on the first Thursday in
May next after the expiration of every succeeding Con-
gress : Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to prevent any State from providing for the holding
of elections at any tune for the purpose of filling such vacan-
cies as may occur 111 the representation of the several
States. •
Mr. JONES (in explanation) said that Congress
had never interfered with the time of holding
elections for the House of Representatives of the
United States, although they had clearly the right,
as given by the Constitution, to prescribe the time
of holding such elections.
In the year 1845, Congress had passed a law
requiring the electors of President and Vice Pres-
ident to be elected on the same day throughout the
country. That law, he thought, had not the gen-
eral approbation of the people in every part of
the United States. He thought it was important,
very important, that the Representatives of the
people in this House should also be elected on the
same day in each of the States. At present some
of the States elected in the fall preceding the ex-
piration of the existing Congress—others, as, for
instance, Mississippi and Louisiana, did not elect
until the month of November immediately preced-
ing the time when they were required to take their
seats in this House, (that was to say, the first Mon-
day in December.) By requiring the elections to be
held on the same day, much cause of complaint
would be obviated, and, probably, much improper
and fraudulent voting would be pievented. No
voter could then be imported into a district where
an election was pending, from some other district
where an election,had already been held. When
the elections, generally, had come off, and a few
only remained to take place, and when it was as-
certained that parties stood very close, importa-
tions of voters might, under the existing regula-
tions, be made. By this means, gross frauds
might be practiced upon the ballot-box, and, in
various ways, results might be produced, materi-
ally changing the complexion of the House of
Representatives, and giving to it a preponderance
against the majority of the people, who alone
ought to decide what its character should be. It
seemed to him important that such an amendment
should be adopted. He supposed that it could
not meet with opposition from any quarter of this
House. It would cause no inconvenience to any
State of the Union; because it was yet far enough
in advance for every State to regulate its legislation
in accordance with such a law, as the Legislature
of each of the States would hold a session before
this law, if adopted, would go into effect.
Mr. HOUSTON called for the reading of the
amendment; which was again read.
Mr. JONES desired to add, that he had no par-
ticular partiality for the day designated in his
amendment; but it was requisite that some day
should be assigned. If any other was more ac-
ceptable to the committee, it would be equally so
to him.
Mr. HUBBARD (Mr. Jones withdrawing his
amendment for the purpose) offered a pro forma
amendment, in order to make a b^f explanation.
Mr. H. said, he did not think pit the country
required the change contemplated by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from .Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.] Some of the States preferred that elec-
tions for Representatives in this House should be
held at the'same time as the elections for mem-
bers of the State legislatures were held. It was
to them a matter of great convenience. There
was no necessity for this change; it suited the
convenience of some of the States that the clcction
should be held in the month of August; some it
suited that the election should be held at one
time, and some at another. The choice had been
wisely left to the States, as a matter affecting
their own convenience. Why, then, should it be
changed ? Or why should Congress prescribe that
the election should be held in May, whether that
time suited the convenience of the States or not?
He hoped the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] would be rejected.
He withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON said, that if any proposition
of this kind were to be adopted, he should prefer
that the day should be the same as that on which
the election was held for electors for President
and Vice President of the United States. He
moved an amendment, therefore, prescribing the
Tuesday after the first Monday in November, in
the year 1852.
An amendment of this character, he said, would
meet the views of the people of the State which
he had the honor to represent. The constitution
of the State of Delaware had fixed the day of the
general election in that State; but after the pas-
sage of the law by the Federal Government, pre-
scribing the time when the election of electors of
President and Vice President should take place,
an attempt had been made to amend the constitu-
tion of Delaware by a vote of the Legislature, so
as to fix the election of all officers of the State
upon the same day; thus evading the expense
and inconvenience of two elections, one occurring
within a very short period of the other. This
amendment under the constitution required a vote
of two-thirds, which was not secured, and the
amendment had not yet been made. It was
doubtful whether it could be made. It seemed to
him very desirable that the election of the Repre-
sentatives—of all officers of the Federal Govern-
ment, so far as depended upon the action of the
States, should be fixed upon one and the same
day, so that they might take place simultane-
ously. For these reasons he had offered the
amendment.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to a question of order.
He submitted that an amendment providing for
the time of holding the election of Representatives
was irrelevant to this bill, and therefore not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the point of order.
Mr. KAUFMAN dissented, but would not, he
said, consume the time of the committee by taking
an appeal.
Mr. SACKETT desired to be informed by the
Chair, what was the time proposed for the election ?
The CHAIRMAN explained.
Mr. SACKETT was proceeding to address the
, committee.
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and said, that no
remarks or amendments were now in order.
Mr. SACKETT requested the gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Houston] to withdraw his amend-
ment.
