1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL.GLOBE.
2028
bell, Cartter, Clingman, W. R. W. Cobb, Colcock, Daniel,
Dimmick,'Disney, Dunham, Edmundson, Featherston, tfain-
ilto.n, Karlan, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hih-
foard, Hollariay, Andrew Johnson, James L  Johnson, Rob-
ert W. Johnson,. Jones, Leffler, Marshall, McLanahan,
McMullen, McQueen, Meade, Miller, Morris, Orr, Parker,
Phelps, Powell, ftteharitann, Ross John B. Thompson, Ven-
able, Wallace, Whittlesey, Wildrtck, Woodward, and
Young—50.
So the bill was passed.
When the call of the roll wa^ concluded—
Mr. PITCH asked the unanimous consent of
the House to record his vote, not having been, he
said, within the bar at the moment his name was
called.
Objection was made.
Mr. FITCH. Very well, gentlemen. Permit
me to say, that if i had been allowed to vote, 1
should have voted " aye."
Mr..GILBERT preferred a similar request.
Objection was made.
Mr. GILBERT. If the House had permitted
me to vote, I should have voted "aye."
Mr McLANE, of Maryland, moved a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the bill had been
passed, and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
Ordered accordingly.
Whilst the roll was being called on the passage
of the bill— '
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the dtsagieeing votes of
the twe Houses on the bill of the House ol Representatives,
No. 244, granting bounty land to certain officers and soldier#
who have been engaged in the military service of the United
Stdte ,
The following message was also received from
the Senate, by Mr. Dickins, their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate insist on their 3d amendment,
disagreed toby the Hou?e, to the bill of the Hou-e, No.
390, entitled "An act making appropriations lor the support
of the army lor the year ending the 30th June, 1851."
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BAYLY. The Senate have returned the
army appropriation bill. They have agreed to all
our amendments except the third, and as to that
they insist upon their disagreeing vote. I move
that the House insist, and t ask a committee of
conference.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Mr. Bayly, Mr. Morehead, and Mr.
feiirt, the managers at the said conference on the
part of the House.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, desired to make a report
from the committee of conference appointed on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bounty
land bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will make
his report, and the bill will be taken up.
Mr. COBB, from the said committee of confer-
ence, made a report, which was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the part of the
Senate and House of Representatives, on the
differences between the two branches in relation to
the House bill No. 244, beg leave to report, that
ike committee have agreed to recommend that the
Senate recede from amendments Nos. 2 and 6,
which were disagreed to by the House.
W. R. W.COBB,
HUMPHREY MARSHALL,
JOHN K. MILLER,
Committee on the part qf the House.
JOHN P. HALE,
JAS. SHIELDS,
TRUMAN SMITH,
Committee on Ike part of the Senate,
The report having been read-
Mr. COBB moved that the House concur in the
report' and asked for the previous question.
Mr. RUMSEY wished for the yeas and nays.
The confusion in the Hall was very great.
Mr. McMullen made an inquiry as to the
object of the report, and it was again read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. We cannot
beer anything that is going on. What is the bill
number two hundred and something? And what
are the amendments from which we are to recede?
The SPEAKER stated what the bill was.
• Mr. MCMULLEN. What are the amend-
ments? '   , ....
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be re-
ported to the House.
The amendments were read.
Mr. CLEVELAND moved that the House ac-
cept the report of the committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. A motion is already pending,
made by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb ] that the House concur in the report.
Mr. STRONG, (to the Speaker.) I submit that
there is nothing for this House to do. Suppose
we should refuse to concur in the report, is not the
bill passed the moment the Senate has receded
from its disagreement?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is un-
necessary for the House to act, because the Senate
has already receded from its amendments.
So the bill stands passed.
INDIAN AGENTS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House, under instructions
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to report
from that committee a bill of the following title
from the Senate:
"A bill* nulled an act to authorize the appointment of
Indian agents iri California."
No objection having been made—
The bill was reported back with an amendment,
and having been read a first and second time by
its title—
Mr. JOHNSON asked that, by the unanimous
consent of the House, it might be put upon its
passage. But, he said, he was instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, in the first pface,
to move to strike out the second section of the
bill, (which proposed to appropriate the sum of
$100,000,) and leave it as a naked authority for
the appointment of three Indian agents for the
State of California.
The reading of the bill was called for, and it
wa3 read through.
Mr. JOHNSON said he proposed to move the
previous question, but was ready to answer any
business inquiry which gentlemen might think
proper to put to him.
The question was taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill hav-
ing been ordered to a third reading, was read a
third time and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON moved that the title of the bill
be amended, by striking out the words '* and for
other purposes."
Ordered accordingly.
HEIRS OF NEUFV1LLE.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said he must now
do that which he was not in the habit of doing in
this House—make an appeal on behalf of a lady
who had a claim upon Congress under peculiar cir-
cumstances. She was the daughter of the daughter
of John De Neufvtlle, who was an American
'banker at Amsterdam, at the time of the break-
ing out of the war of the Revolution. He was the
first man who carryforward to advance money to
that great and glorious cause. He came to this
country and died. A son of his become deranged,
and also died at the hospital after a confinement
of sixteen years. He also left one daughter who
had a daughter, and who, from affluence was re-
duced to poverty. She now comes here and asks
that this Government would return the money
which had been advanced by her grandfather du-
ring its struggle. The claim had been referred,
under a resolution of the Senate, to Elisha Whit-
tlesey, a gentleman of whose character he (Mr.
B ) need not speak. It was well known to every
member of the House, after a strict investigation,
that gentleman had struck a balance in favor of
the lady.
Many Voices: "Of how much r"
Mr. BROWN. Eight thousand dollars. I ask,
under these circumstances, that the Committee of
the Whokmay be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill, and that it may be put upon
its passage.
Cries of " Agreed," on all sides—and the House
seemed about to pass the bill with a rush.
Mr. JONES. I would say to this House that
it was precisely under such circumstances as these
that the Galphin claim was passed.
The House became instantly cool again as if it
had taken a huge shower-bath.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] be kind enough to answer
me a question ?
i Mr. BROWN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. FOWLER. Does this sum of $8,000 in-
clude principal and interest?
Mr. BROWN. It does not.
Mr. FOWLER. Is interest asked ?
Mr. BROWN. Only for a part of the time.
This banker never charged this Government one
dime for his services, and  %
Calls to order.
The SPEAKER. The whole of this debate is
out of order, and the Chair has indulged it be-
cause the House seemed to acquiesce in it.
Mr. BROWN. One remaik.
Objection was made.
Cnes, " Pass the bill—it is right."
Counter erics against the bill—and "(jralphin."
The question was then stated to be on the mo-
tion of Mr. Brown that th^Committee of the
Whole be discharged from the consideration of the
bill.
The yeas and nays were asked by a member on
the ri^ht of the Chair.
Tellers on the yeas and nays were ordered, and
Messrs. Waldo and Fowler were appointed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
And the question, "Shall the rules be sus-
pended for the said purpose?" was taken, and re-
sulted—yeas 53, nays 103, as follow:
YEAS—Messrs Ashe, Beale, Bowdon, Bowie, Briggs,
Alb«rt G. Brown, Burrows, Chester Butter, Thomas B.
Butler, E. C. Cabell, George A. Caldwell, Joseph P. Cald-
well, Calvin, Casey, Chandler,-Colcock, Cole, Corwin,
Dunham, Nathan Evans, Featherston, Gilbert, Hay, Rib-
bard, Hilhard, Holladay, Holmes, Joseph W. Jackson, Kerr,
John A. King, Marshall, Meade, Moore, Morehead, Morton,
Ogle, Qrr, Outlaw, Peck, Potter, Bobbins, Ro&s, School-
craft, Seddon, Stanly, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, underbill,
Watkins, Wellborn, Williams Wright, and Young—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Allen, Andeison,
Ashmun,Bav, Bocoek, Booth, Bovvhn, Bieck, Brook,*, Buel,
Burt, Joseph Table, Campbell, Carlter, Clarke, W. B. W.
Cobb, Daniel, Dickey, Dinnmek, Dn>tiey, Dixon, Durkee,
Edmundson, Eliot, Fitch, Fowler. Freedley, Fuller, Gerry,
Gondenow, Gott, Gould, Griunell, Halloway, Hamiltoo,
Hammond, Hampton, Harlan, Ishain G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Raymond, Hebard. Houston, Howe, Hubbard,
Huntei, Andiew JoIiuhjii, Robeit W. Johnson.Jones, Kauf-
man, James G. King, La Sere, Leffier, Liftlefield, Horace
Matin, McKi-sock, McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Mc-
Mullen, iVc Queen, Meacham, Miller, Morns, Nelson, New-
ell, Oh*, Parker, Penslee, Phelps, Phoenix, Pitman, Pow-
ell. Putnam, Reed, Reynolds RMey, Rockwell. Root, Rum-
soy, Sackett, Savage, Scherinethorn, Silvester, Spauldmg,
Sprugne, Frederick P. Stanton, Ricbaid H. Stanlon, Thad-
deu< Steven®, Stet: on, Strong, John B. Thompson, Thur-
man, Tuck, Vinton, Waldo, Wentworth. White, Whittle-
sey, Wildrick, Wood, and Woodward—103.
So, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Dickins their Secretary:
Mr. Speaker The Senate have passed a bill of the
House, of the following title:
House of Representatives, IJ6, "An act for the relief of
William .Wlncher."
The Senatehaveagreed to the amendments of the House
to the bill of the Senate, (No. 359,) entitled "An aer making
appiopriation for light-hou-es, light-hoais, buoys,, &.c., and
providing for the erection and establishment of the same,-
and for other purposes."
The Senate have agreed to the further conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two Hohm^ on
the amendments of the Senate lo the bill of the House
(334) "making appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending Juitf SO,
]&=jl, and for other purposes," and have appointed Mr.
Rickissox, Mr. Bright, and Mr. Berrien, managers on
their part at the said conference.
The Senate have agreed to the report of the committee of
conference on their pari on the disagreeing votes of the two
Hou=es on the bill of the House (331) " making appropria-
tion for the-cm rent and contingent expense?-of the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1851.
And then he withdrew.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, from the
committee of conference appointed on the part of
the House to meet a committee of conference on
the part of the Senate, upon the disagreeing; votes
of the two Houses on the bill making appropria-
tion for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with certain Indian tribes for the current
fiscal year, report that the committee had agreed
upon a report.
Shall I read it, (inquired Mr. T.,) or shall it oe
read by the Clerk?
The report was sent to the Clerk s table to be
read.
[A message was received from the S,enate, sta-
tin* that that body had agreed to the conference
asked for by the House, on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the naval appropriation bill,
and had appointed Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, Mr.
