mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
- Mr. HOUSTON withdrew it.
Mr. SACKETT renewed it, but suggested (as
' the reporter understood, for Mr. S. was doubtfully
heard) that the amendment of the gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Houston] would lfcave the coun-
tryin the same condition in one important respect,
as that in which it was now placed. He alluded
to the fact that, owing to the time at which some of
the States held their elections, there was an inter-
rtgnum in the existence of Congress. In other
words, there was a certain period of time when
no Congress was in existence*, so that if any pub-
lic emergency required the convocation of a special
session,some of the States would be unrepresented,
or must order snecial elections to be held.
Mr. HOUSTON said that if the amendment he
had proposed should be agreed to, he thought the
objection stated by the gentleman from New York
would not exist. In his (Mr. H.'s) own State
the amendmentTwould only make a difference of
one week; there could be no interregnum.
The amendment provided for the*election one
year and one month preceding the meeting of
Congress. He (Mr. H.) had been elected one
year and one month preceding the meeting of
Congress.
Mr. SACKETT said, he had then misunder-
stood the arnendmeut of the gentleman from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Houston.]
The CHAIRMAN said, that he had not under-
stood the amendmentof the gentleman from Dela-
ware to be such as now explained by himself.
And the Chair invited the gentleman to place the
amendment in the precise form in which he desired
it to be submitted to the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON then offered the amendment
in the following words:
" That the first election of Representatives, under the ap-
portionment herein provided for, shall be held in each State
on th'j Tuesday after the first Monday m November, in the
year 1852, and forever thereafter dn el-cti'in of Representa-
tives shall be h^ld in each State on the Tue.-dav after the
first Monday next after the expiration of ev-ry succeeding
Congress.
Mr. SACKETT remarked that the question of
time was immaterial. The great point to be ob-
tained was, that we should never be without a
Congress elect.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, objected
to the amendmentof Mr. Jones as out of order,
on the ground of irrelevancy.
The CHAIRMAN said that when the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
w?ts proposed, the Chair had had some doubt as to
its hems: in order, but on reflection, and no member
raising the point against it, the amendment had
been received and voted on. The amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee was certainly ger-
mane to that part of the bill which had thus been
•voted on, and was therefore in oider.
Mr. KAUFMAN. In order to get rid of this
and various other amendments which may be pro-
posed, I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
There can be no connection between the census
bill and this amendment.
Mr. JONES. The committee having adopted
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, it
becomes a part of the bill, and my amendment is
certainly germane to that part.
Mr. SGHENCK raised the point that the ap-
peal was not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order,
and decided that the appeal was not debatable.
Mr. KAUFMAN. If the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio was improperly introduced,
it cannot make this amendment in order.
The question was taken on the appeal, and de-
cided iri ihe affirmative, without a division.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment of Mr. Jones decided to be in
order.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Houston* to the amendment of Mr. Jones—
Mr. JONES accepted the amendment, and
modified his own accordingly.
The question being on ihe amendment of Mr.
Jones as modified, was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MOORE moved that the committee rhS
and report fhe bill.
The CH VIJR.VI AN slated that that motion was
not ut order—ihe substitute of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Miller] not having yet been acted
upon. That substitute was now in order.
The substitute provides merely for an enumer-
ation of the inhabitants of the "United States.
The C<erk commenced to read the substitute,
(beinsr a printed bill of.sev#al pages;) before he
had piogressed hut a few lines—
Mr. VENA8LE interrupted, and suggested
that there was no necessity for the reading, and
that it be dispensed with. The substitute only
differed from the bill in this respect, that it struck
out all the statistics, leaving only an enumeration
of the people to be taken.
The CHAIRMAN said the reading could not
be dispensed with except by unanimous consent.
Such consent not being given—
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing, which occupied about ten minutes.
The question then being on striking out the en-
tire bill and inserting in lieu thereof the substi-
tute,
Mr. JONES called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Mr. Haymond and
Mr. La Skre were appointed, who—the question
having been taken—reported ayes 50, noes 92.
So the substitute of Mr. Miller was rejected.
Mr.THOMPSON,of Pennsylvania,moved that
the committee rise and report the bill and amend-
ments to the House.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported the bill and amendments
to the House.
And the question being on concurring in the
amendments reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and on ordering
them to be engrossed for a third reading—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose, he
said, for the purpose of demanding the previous
question. But before he did so, he desired to offer
an amendment, as by the rule he believed he had
a right to do. He moved to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton]
by striking out two hundred (as the number of
representatives under the new apportionment) and
inserting two hundred and thirty-three.
And he demanded the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, rose to a ques-
tion of order. He was understood to submit to
the Chair that it was jiot in order to move an
amendment to any particular portion of the report
of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Urnon, but that it must be taken up in us
order.
The SPEAKER said that the practice of the
House had been different. The practice of the
House authorized an amendment to be offered
even to a portion of the bill, which had not been
amended at all in Committee of the Whole on the :
state of the Union. j
Mr STEPHENS was understood to submit '
that if such was the practice, it was not in accord- ■
ance with strict parliamentary rule. j
The SPEAKER said that whilst the Chair |
might not perhaps differ with the gentleman from |
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] on that point, yet, !
under the uniform practice of the House, the
Chair would rule the amendment to be m order.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
But the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the demand for the :
previous question, it was taken. I
And the mam question was ordered to be now j
taken. j
Which main question was first on the amend- '
ments, and then on ordering them to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER directed the Clerk to read the
first amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi,said he hoped
it would be understood that, except in cases where >
a special vote was called for, the question mi^ht :
be put on all the amendments together. Many of ;
the amendments were unimportant, upon which
there would he no difference. '
The SPEAKER said that where no objection
was made, or division called for, the question
would be taken upon all such amendments as
might not be excepted to. if any gentleman de-
sired a separate vote, he would call for it.
The amendments of the Committee of the
Whole to the bill were severally read, and those
upon which a separate vote was not called, were
concurred m by the House.
Pending the question on the amendments upon
which a separate vo>e was demanded,
On motion, the House adjourned.
j PETITIONS, &c.
I The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
' By Mr. irrBBARI): The petition of Thomas J. Harris and
I others, citizens oi Claremont, New Hampshue, praying that
j no new Slates be admitted into the Lmon unless slavery
be prohibited therein.
Also, the petition of Timothy Nulling rind others, citizens
1 of Ctaremont, New (lamp-lure, praving tor the prohibition
! of slavery and the slave trade m the territories.
Abo, tUe petition of Thorna-J. Ham- and others, praying
i that persons <u re.-tP.d as fugitive slaves be not delivered up
■ without tri I by jury.
; Also, the petiuon of Timothy Nulling and others, pra\in 
; for the abolition of slavery and the *lave trade m the Dia-
] Inct of Columbia.
j By Mr. HUNTER: Thg petition o*' Thorna- Gray and 54
; others, citizens of Ohio, to secure to alleged fugitive- the
| right of trial by jury.
| AUo, the petition of Samuel Walker and 59 other*, and
; the petition of James Taggart and 140 others, cut/ens of
I Ohio, against the admission of more -lave States imo the
! Union.
Also, the petition of John Ball and 53 others, and the
] petition of Jeremiah Noms and 136 others, all citizens of
j Ohio, tor the repeal of all laws enacted or adopted by Con-
; gre^s for the support of slavery in the District of Columbia.
I A)-o, the puiuon of Jacob Shipley ami 54 others, and the
petition of Jt rtiimah Norris and 136 other.-, tor the estab-
lishment and protection uf freedom in the territories of the
United Stales.
By Mr. MOUSE: The memorial of John Rryee, Mayor,
the Trustees and other citizen- of the town of Shreeveport,
, prawns for tfie erection of a Mdnne Ho-pital ut that place.
| By Mr. JACKSON, of Georgia: The petition of VV.iiiam
j Maxwell, late mai-hal of the District of Geoigri, f«>r ean-
> celfauon of a judgment in favor of the United States against
j him.
j By Mr. PECK: The petition of R. Ri< bardson and others,
1 of VVaitsfield, Vermont, for cheap po^taye.
! Also, the petition of Benjamin Straw and others, of
' Landgrove, Vermont, tor the repeal of all Jrm« recognumg
; slavery and the slave trade in the Di-triet o( Columbia
Also, the petition of the same prajing that jury trials may
, be granted to fugitive slaves,.
1 Abo, the petition of the same for the abolition of slavery
, in the territories.
1 Also, the remonstrance of the same, against the admis-
1 sion ot any mote slave States.
, Also, ihe petition of Stedman Cummins and others., citi-
; zen  of Orange enmity, Vermont, for the repeal of all laws
! favoring slavery m the District of Columbia; against the
; admission of any more s-lave States; that jur> tritis may be
, allowed to fugitive slaves; and against the extension of
; slavery u> our territories.
| Also, the petition of James Somerln and others, citizens
. of Montpeher, Vermont, for the extension of jury trials to
I fugitive *faves>.
j By Mr WOOD: The petition of W. Borden and 50 oth-
1 ers, citizens of Risdon, Seneca county, Ohio, for the es-
1 tabh-hmeot and protection of freedom m the territories of
1 the United States.
Also, the petition of E. Bement and 50 others, cm/ens of
the .-ame place, to secure to alleged fugitives the right of
trnlbjjun.
Abo, tne petition of R L Copies and .>0 other*, citizens
■ of ihe -ame place, foi the abolition ot slavery m the Di.-tnet
j of Columbia.
A'-o, tne petition of R. C. Copies and 5'J other-*, citizens
of ihe>ame pl.ice. against tneadinis-ion of any more slave
States into the Union.
By Mr. BEVNETT. The petition of citizens of Tioga
' county, New York, for freedom in the territories: ag.mi^t
( the admission of more slave State? ; and to repeal ihe laws
supporting slavery in the Di-tnct of Columbia.
By Mr. JACKSON7, of New York : T.ie petition of Gur-
don Pier^ori, Horauo G. Sayei, and ••>"> oiiiers, citizens of
Bndiehampton, Suflolk county, New York, on the subject
ch«-ap po-lage
'w Also, the petition of \V. H. Scram, principal, Ephraim
1 Hind-, a--ib(ant, and 29-indents, of Sand Lak Academv,
Rensselaer county, New York, on the same subject.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 7, 1650.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the memorial of the
Giraid Railroad Company, asking to be allowed
the right of way through and a £rant of land to
aid in the construction of their railroad; winch
was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
: Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
/ tion of citizens of Mount Plenum, in Wisconsin
1 asking that Thomas Sandeilin mnv he allowed a
" pension for his services in the last war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Pen-ions.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of the officers
of the State Peace Convention assembled at Con-
, cord, New Hampshire, asking the adopnon of
measures for the adjustment of international diffi-
culties by arbitration, which was referred to the
] Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. GK.EBNE sulmma-d addiuonaf documents
rel tluig to the claim of Mfirtf; M;i-*on, wuiow of
( Milo Mason; which was referred to the Commit-
1 tec on Military Affairs.
