1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
On motion by Mr. STURGEON,
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the papers on
the file- of the Senate relating to the claim of William
Patkeson.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BALD WIN, from the Committee of Claims,
to which wai referred the House, bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Capt. George
R. Shoemaker, submitted an adverse report on the
same; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition and documents of Erskine &
Eichelberger for a balance due them by JohnGun-
ter, a Cherokee Indian, prior to the Cherokee
treaty of 1835, submitted an adverse report on the
same; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Colonel J. R. Creecy, asking remuneration for
services rendered and expenses incurred in raising
and subsisting volunteers for the Mexican war,
submitted a report, which was ordered to be print-
ed, accompanied b^ a bill for the relief of Colonel
James R. Creecy; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
memorial of George Poindexter, asking compen-
sation for injury done his property near Louis-
ville, Kentucky, by the troops encamped on it
undar command of General Wool, submitted a
report, which was ordered to be printed, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of George Poindex-
ter; which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Solomon
Parsons, for himself and other heirs of Solomon
Parsons, deceased, asking compensation for ser-
vices of said Parsons during the revolutionary war,
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the same, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims; which was
agreed to.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the memorial of William Seely, asking
remuneration for the losses and sacrifices of his
father during the war of the Revolution, and for
the services of his two sons during the war of
1812, submitted a report, asking to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same; which
was agreed to.
PATENT RIGHTS.
'Mr. TURNEY moved that the Senate take up
the bill to amend the act to promote the useful arts.
He apprehended that it would consume but little
time, and it was a bill in which many individuals
were deeply interested.
Mr. HALE, Am I to understand that the Sen-
ator proposes to take up and pass the bill which
is designed to make an alteration in the patent
laws?
Mr. TURNEY. Yes; I propose that it be taken
up for the purpose of passing; it. 1 think a brief
explanation would satisfy the Senator from New
Hampshire of its propriety. If, however, he
should not be satisfied after it has been taken up,
I shall be willing to let it gp over for further con-
sideration.
The motion to proceed to its consideration was
agreed to The bill was read a second time,
and was then considered as m ^mmittee of the
Whole.
Mr DAYIS, of Mississippi. I hope the Senate
will designate some day on which the bill can be
fully considered. I hope its further consideration
will not be pressed at this time; for, when it is
considered, I shall desire to say something upon it.
Mr. NORRIS. 1 am desirous of proposing
some amendments to this bill, which I have not
time this morning to prepare; and for that reason
I move that the consideration of the bill be post-
poned, and that it be made the special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock. *
Mr. TURNEY. I have no objection to that
arrangement. My object was to call the attention
of the Senate to it. My own opinion is, that if
Senators will examine the bill between this time
and the hour when it is proposed to take it up,
they will come prepared to vote upon it, and to
adoQt it. There is but one important principle m
this bill whuJt is a changft from the old law. It
is one that involves the interest of the patentee and
of the community—I mean that which gives the
right of the scire facias. Under the existing law a
man may be sued in half a dozen different States
for infringing upon some patent; or a dozen, or a
hundred men may be sued for infringing the same
pa^gnt. The provisions of this bill giving the
scmmacias would enable any individual to test the
vafTQity of a patent in one suit, without incurring
the risk of damages for an infringement. Hence
it is beneficial to the patentee as well as to the
community. I am perfectly willing that the con-
sideration of the*bill should be postponed, agreea-
bly to the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and that it be made the order of the day for
to-morrow at one o'clock. I believe then it can be
taken up and passed in an hour. It is important
that we should act upon it as early as possible,
that it may go to the House of Representatives.
It is a bill in which a large portion of the commu-
nity are deeply interested. Inventors are interested
in it, and those interested in opposing the granting
of a patent are equally interested. The first two
or three sections provide for the recording of pa-
pers, petitions, and evidence upon applications for
patents, and the extension or reissue of patents.
The main provision is that which relates to the
scire facias ; and I hope Senators will give the bill
such an examination as will enable them to vote
upon it when it comes up to-morrow. I therefore
move that it be postponed until to-morrow, and
then made the special order at one o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 did not make
objections to the immediate consideration of the
bill because I wished to give further attention to
it. My impression is, that the whole bill is but
another mode of announcing what is now done by
a general law and by the regulation of the depart-
ment; and as the general law has received a settled
construction by the regulations in the department,
the whole will be unsettled by a new bill, which
will reenact that which is now done. I fear that
the scire facias to which the Senator alludes will re-
sult injuriously, especially in many of the new
States, and will be a great injury to the inventors
or patentees, and will operate against them from
one end of the country to the other. I agree with ;
the Senator in the hope that Senators will look at
it, and I hope they wiil compare it with the exist-
ing law and the existing regulations of the Patent
Office, and see whether we are to gam anything by
the. change.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Patents whether by the ninth
section it is intended that where a misrepresentation
has been made, it shall be tried under a scire facias ?
Mr. TURNEY. Certainly.
The motion to postpone and make the bill the
special order for to-morrow was then agreed to.
BOARD OF ACCOUNTS.
Mr. GREENE. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate in behalf of a bill for the relief of Adjutant
General Roger Jones, which I desire the Senate to
take up and dispose of.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order,
which was partially considered yesterday.
Mr. GREENE. I believe the bill which I have
named will occupy very little time. However,
if there is objection I will not piess it.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of jj rience and knowledge of the commissioneis; qnd
the bill to establish a Board of Accounts. h that would seem to be a reason for increasing*
Mr. HUNTER. There are several blanks in |!  " '
the bill, which it will be necessary to fill. I there- >
fore move to fill the blank in the first section with i
the sum of §4,000, as the salary of each of the i
three commissioners. I believe it will be a highly i
important otfice, and hence such a salary should '
be given as will secure the best talent and the '
highest character in the commissioners.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I propose the sum of
§3,000.
The amendment was rejected, and the proposi- 1
tion of $4,000 was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER next proposed to fill the blank '
for the attorney's salary with $2,000.
Mr. PRATT. I can see no reason why the ,
attorney, who is to do all this business, who is,
compensation. I move to amend by inserting
$4,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I am ready to admit that the
sum which I have proposed is too low, and I would
suggest to the Senator from Maryland to substi-
tute $3,000.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I shall vote for the sum of
$2,000. The fact that the attorney can attend to
his own professional business, which the commis-
sioners cannot do, is a reason why he should be
paid a smaller salary.
The amendment to insert §4,000 was rejected,
and the blank was filled with $3,000.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I was not present when
this bill was under consideration yesterday, and
hence I am not familiar with all its provisions, and
the reasons for them; but there is one feature of it
to which I am entirely opposed. I am opposed to
the commissioneis holding their office for twelve
years. I cannot see any reason for it. The argu-
ments used in other cases in favoo f a long term
do not apply in this case. I thinK three years is
long enough. If these commissioners are not
qualified, we should have an opportunity to pass
upon their qualifications. Iam not prepared now
to offer an amendment, but I see that the provision
is somewhat complicated, and that an amendment
is necessary. I move, however, to strike out
twelve, and to insert three, as the term of office of
each commissioner. If that be adopted, it will be
very easy to al ter the following lines so as to make
them correspond.
I do not, Mr, President, understand the reason
why those persons are to hold office for twelve
years, and especially in connection with the pro-
vision that they are removable at the pleasure of
the Executive. The object of so long a term as
I twelve years is, that they may be removed from
[ all influences that may sway their determination
| in the discharge of their duties. I think, there-
| fore, that they should be removed also from Ex-
! ecutive influence.
; Mr. HUNTER. The object was to make the
, board as independent as possible. I should have
been very glad if it could have been kept from the
1 removing power of the Executive, too. Indeed, it
! was pioposed in committee that the commissioners
should only be removed by the President with the
advice and consent of the Senate; but it was found
that if that was incorporated in the bill we should
have to encounter the constitutional scruples of
gentlemen who entertained contrary views of the
, removing power of the Executive. Not wishing
j to try such an experiment, the bill was so amended
) as to conform to the practice of the Government.
| It was so amended because it was thought by a
j great many members that it was a part of the con-
! stitutional power of the Executive to remove ofii-
| cers. I confess that was my opinion, and 1 had
! reason to believe that it was the opinion of a great
j many—of enough to defeat the bill; I therefore
i made the bill conform to what has been the prac-
| tice of the Government, it seems to me that the
; tenure of office should be made a long one. It
! ought to be made long for the very purpose of sig-
nifying to the Executive that such was the inten-
tion of those who created the board. I am in favor
of a long term for another reason. The value of
this board will depend very much upon the expe-
Uj
to be a gentleman of high professional reputation,™
as high as the members of the board themselves, j
and who will have certainly as much labor to per- {
form, should be paid so disproportionately. It 1
will require, that the board may properly conduct ;
its business, that its attorney should be a man of i
talent, and therefore he will be entitled to the same |
rather than diminishing the term of their offices.
It is true that the President will have the removing
power; but if the term were made a long one, the
Executive would be very cautious how he removed
these officers, except for such cause as would
justify the removal of a judge from the bench. I
hope the change will not be made.
Mr. WHITCOMB. I regret that I cannot
agiee with my friend from Virginia, but I cannot
make up my mind to concur in the policy of ex-
tending the term of office of these commissioners.
What does their experience amount to? Their
business is merely preliminary business, in exam-
ining claims to be subsequently presented to Con-
gress. Congress afterwards passes upon each of
these questions, and all the labor they have in the
examination of preliminary matters is merely the
examination of evidence, and thus exonerating the
committees of Congress from the labor of prepar-
ing reports. Now is any great decree of expe-
rience needed for that business? We do not al-
ways put upon the Committee of Claims Senators
who have been here six years. It is presumed
