932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
that a Senator is qualified to pass upon claims that
way come before the committee, by his previous
attainments and habits of life and of thought,
without so long experience aa that. I confess that
one objection has occurred to the minds of many,
not sufficient to induce me to oppose the bill; but
the' objection has occurred tp many that it will add
another corps of officers to fatten on the public
treasury. Entertaining the views I do, I shall be
compelled to vote for the amendment I have of-
fered, and I shall call for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall be very sorry to see
the amendment of my friend from Indiana adopted.
These gentlemen whom it is proposed to place on
this board to pass upon claims may be designated
as judicial officers, and they ought to be rafen re-
markable for integrity, distinguished for learning,
and those who will inspire and possess the confi-
dence of the public. Now, yo.u will scarcely be
able to get men of that kind for four thousand
dollars, and ®will assure the Senator if he sup-
poses he can obtain the services of such persons,
who will be subject to be removed once in three
years, or undergo a trial once in three years, he
will get exactly that class of persons most unfit
to pass upon claims at all. I should be very
sorry if the President should consult his political
partisans at all on the subject of their removal
from office, or in his selection of them. If I
were allowed to give my advice, 1 would say that
he should go out of .the political arena, and look
for men who have m some measure retired after a
distinguished career from their professions, and
select them entirely with reference to their legal
capacity and moral qualities; and I can assure my
friend such men will not be obtained if this amend-
ment should pass.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I was very desirous that this
bill should be put in a shape to command the gen-
eral concurrence of the Senate; but I concur in part
in the objections taken by my friend from Indiana
that the term of service is too long. It is quite
possible that we derive some of our opinions upon
subjects of this character from the laws which pre-
vail in our respectiva States. In the State which
I have the honor to represent in part the judicial
term is seven years, and we find upon experiment
that it works well. I am not disposed to go as
low as three years, nor.am I disposed to go as
high as twelve years; but 1 would suggest to my (
friend from Indiana that it might accommodate |
the views on all sides best to insert the term of six j
years, and thus the objection on the one side that !
the term is too short, and on the other that it is :
too Iong, would be removed. I am not very anx- !
iotis about this, but I make the suggestion with !|
the hope that it may be adopted. >■
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 have this bill, or one ,
that shall be analogous to it, very much at heart. :
It has been my condition for the last three years
to be put upon the Committee of Claims, and '
from personal experience, 1 think I can safely say '
to the Senate that some measure of this sort is m- !'
dispensably necessary for the dispatch of public
business, and for securing and saving the money
of the country. But I do not intend to go into ah :i
argument based upon facts that have corne per- :
eotially to my knowledge, and which influence my '
opinion m a great measure. I rise to make a re- j
mark upon the proposition of my friend from In- '
diana. He is upon the same committee with me ■'
and 1 have no doubt that, from his observations '
there, he has seen the necessity of some measure !
of this sort, to enable us to get along with the j
public business, to do justice to the various claim- !
ants, and to guard the Treasury of the country; i
but I really do think that the amendment which j
he proposes will be mischievous m its tendencies !
and I should be very sorry to see it adopted. In |i
the first place, I think it would have a direct ten- ■'
dency to make these offices political in their char- '!
acter; for, if I understand the amendment, it is to '
have a sweep of the entire board every three
years. Now, sir, I think the plan of the bill has
been very well conceived by my friend from Vir-
ginia and the gentleman from Maine, to whom we U
are indebted for the attention he has given it and j
his modifications of it. They have given us a '
board, to consist of three members, to be ap-
pointed for twelve years, with the regulation that !
one shall go out at the end of the first four years, '
he second at the end of eight, and the third at n
the end of twelve, so that one shall come into
|[ office every four years thereafter. Now, the effect
|| of that arrangement practically will be this: You
11 give the members of the board who remain longest
!! in office a knowledge of the precedents which they
;i themselves set, the principles which they O^y-n-
j selves adopt; and they ill be applied as thS^c-
i cedents set and established by a court of justice
j to the various cases as they come up; and in prac-
tice the younger members of the board will derive
very great advantage from the experience of those
individuals who have been longest members of the
board, thus becoming familiar with all the acts of
the board. Those of us who have been in judicial
office, and have had the settlement of cases, know
very well the value, when we were young m office,
to be derived from the experience of those who
were familiar with the duties they were called upon
to discharge; and I do think that the plan of the
gentlemen who have arranged this bill will be very
beneficial indeed in that respect. While you de-
rive this benefit from their plan, as new members
cbme in, they will be qualified for service by the
experience and knowledge of those who have
served longest. In this way, the members of the
board will be extremely beneficial to the country.
Again, if you constitute a board of three mem-
bers, and dismiss them every three years, the plan
will be liable to the objection made by the Senator
from South Carolina with a great deal of force.
Who will accept the office ? Who will come and
locate himself here for an office of that sort to
continue three years, and then risk the chaagss
which may be made from' political considera-
tions'at the end of the time? My object is to
get clear of political considerations entirely in the
establishment of this board. I want gentlemen to
look entirely and exclusively to the interests of the
country, the laws of the country which regulate
claims, and enter into their settlement without mix-
ing up with them any patty or political considera-
tions at all. If we get a board of honest, talented
men of the^ight sort, we shall save thousands and
thousands of dollars annually; you will save enough
money in one year to pay the expenses of the whole
I board ten years. These are considerations which
oughtto influence the Senate in the establishment
; of this board; but I am very much afraid, if the
j amendment of my friend from Indiana succeeds,
! that these political considerations would operate
I upon the board, and retard its beneficial influence
in every respect. I therefore hope it may stand as
j it does. I think there is a guard as it now stands
' which ought to be satisfactory. I perceive that
the gentlemen to whom we are indebted for this
bill have said that sixty-five years shall be the limit
with respect to age to which the commissioners I
shall retain their office. >
Mr. HALE, (in his seat.) That is to be !
stricken out.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is suggested that this
provision is to be stricken out. I do not know
whether it is or not, but if you retain that limita-
tion, by lapse of time, by the age of an individual,
you get clear of superannuated incumbents. Then
you allow the President to remove if there be any
great objection to the individual; and then, at the
expiration of twelve years, you bring the individ-
ual to the consideration of the President and the
Senate. Now, with all these guards against inef-
ficiency and want of capacity, it seems to me the
bill is well provided as it stands. The commis-
sioners cannot continue beyond the age of sixty-
five. That is a limitation with respect to age.
Next, every twelve years their qualifications and
talents will be submitted to the consideration of the
President and the Senate. And, in the third place,
if there be any particular objection during the time
of holding office, the President can remove them.
It seems to me all these checks are sufficient to
guard the board against any mischiefs.
On motion of Mr. WHITCOMB, by unanimous
consent of the Senate, the call for the yeas and
nays v/as withdrawn.
Mr. Wrli fGOMR I now modify my motion
so as to strike out the word " twelve," leavino the
number to be supplied as the Senate may choose
Some of my friends desire to have the period of
service of the commissioners graduated at two,
four and six years; others prefer that the time
should be three years. Now, ! am not satisfied
with the reasoning of my friend from Kentucky on
this subject. It is said here, we must have gen-
tlemen appointed to this station who- are ieavned
lawyers, and that they must be appointed who are
beyond the reach of political influence; that they
must not be politicians. Very well, sir. I pre-
sume, then, it is expected that the first appointees
will not be politicians, if the present Executive
can well exercise the power of appointment so as
to carry out the views of gentlemen; but I should
like to know how you are to get, those who are be-
yond the reach of Executiveinfluence, if they are
removable, or are placed in office by the Execu-
tive ?
I regret that the compensation in this case has
been fixed at four thousand dollars. I think three
thousand more than enough. Each of the Audit-
ors of the Government, through whose supervis-
ion every claim against the ^Government passes,
has to examine claims to the amount of millions of
dollars annually; and I undertake to say that their
labor is five-fold what either of these commis-
sioners will have to do. They receive but $3,000
per annum. What is their labor compared with
the amount of claims that are incessantly pressing
upon the attention of the Auditors of the rl reasury
Department? They are employed every day in
the year. This board, I think, will not be occu-
pied one-fourth of the time. But I will limit my
amendment so as simply to strike out the worU
" twelve; " and if it be struck out, some other
number may be inserted which may be agieed
upon by the Senate, and which, I think, will bet-
ter accord with the true policy of this Govern-
ment. There seems to me to be a singular idea
that, in proportion as an officer is removed from
local influences, and approaches the operations of
the General Government, he must be paid more
for his services. If I had my will, I would re-
verse this order, and would pay State officers
more, and those of the General Government less.
The attractions for office under the General Gov-
ernment are, in my opinion, so great as to endan-
ger the respect for the State offices, so important to
the preservation of our Government in its original
purity.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to strike out.
Mr. FOOTE. I would sooner make this an
office for life than give a tenure of twelve years.
I am perfectly eertam that corruption will creep
in if the l^rm is thus extended. I am opposed to
a tenure for life on general grounds; and there has
been for many years past a great change going on
in the public sentiment of this country against the
life tenure and in favor of a tenure for a term of
years. In my opinion, the term of such an office,
and all offices of equal importance, should be
short—not too short, to be sure, but certainly four
years is long enough in all conscience, to intrust
m any man's hands "the business of the United
States. I am unwilling to trust any man in office
twelve years, and prefer to bring officers to a pe-
riodical responsibility once in four years. Coming
as I do from a section of the country where this
doctrine has been thoroughly explored and acted
upon, I have seen the beneficial effects of a change
from the life tenure to that of a term of years.
Some time ago, in the State of Mississippi, the
life tenure of judicial officers was changed, and we
have since seen the extraordinary benefit that has
resulted to our State from that alteration. Nearly
twenty years ago our life tenure for judges was
changed, so that the people were enabled to elect
their judges tJa||mselves once in four years. I
coincide perfec®^ in the vipws expressed by my
friend from Indiana, cordially concurring therein.
I am in favor of striking out the twelve year ten-
ure, and inserting some more limited term.
Mr. BUTLER. I am in favor of the longest
term, and so far from making it three years, I
would make it for life. I shall not go into a dis-
cussion of this question, as it applies to the term
of office, of judges, but 1 again repeat that, as to
this particular office, I would make it to continue
as long as the incumbent is an honest and good
man, and discharges his dunes well. I agree with
the Senator from Kentucky that an office'r of this
kind will learn a great deal from experience, and
will learn the principles of civil and common law
in the same manner as a judge becomes familiar
with these principles. If you jeduce the lime to five
or six years, you will get a class of persons who
ought not to be in these offices; men who come here
merely to get the rewards of office from the Federal
Government, more bemuse they are the rewards
of the Federal Government than because they are
capable of discharging the delicate and important
