1850.
TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2027
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL moved that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The motion was rejected.
And then the resolution was adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid upon the
table. It. was ordered accordingly.
Mr. PUTNAM asked the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution;
which was read for information:
Rewhed, That the cltrks.to the Sergeant-at-Arms, one
for the fiict and one for the second of the 30th Con-
gress, receive the same amount of extra compensation as
has been allowed to the clerk of that office at the present
session, and tiiat the clerk of the House pay the same out
of the contingent fund of the House.
Objection being made, Mr. Putnam moved a
suspension of the ruies. Two thirds not voting in
the affirmative, the rules were not suspended, and
the resolution was not received.
The SPEAKER now called to the chair Mr.
Burt, of South Carolina.
Mr. JONES There is a bill from the Senate
on the Speaker's table, No. 137, which I think the
House will pass if it will consent to hear it read.
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to take
it up and have it read, that gentlemen may know
what it is.
Mr. B1SSELL. I object.
Mr JONES. Hear it read.
Mr. B1SSELL, 1 shall object to the taking it
up, whatever its character may be.
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
" A bill entitled an act to regulate the pensions of officers,
soldiers, seamen, and marines who have been, or who may
hen-after be disabled while in the service of the United
States."
Mr. JONES. The bill is short; I ask that it
may be read. I think that the gentleman from Il-
linois [Vic. Bissell] will then withdraw his objec-
tion. The bill was read.
Mr. JONES. Is there any objection to taking
up the bill ?
Mr. B1SSELL. I object.
Mr. JONES. Why,so ?
Mr. BISSELL. Because the House has re-
fused to take up private bills as meritorious as this,
and refused x>n your objection, too.
The SPEAKER, pro teni., interposed to order.
Mr. JONES. This is not a private bill, sir.
The SPEAKER, pro tern. All these remarks
are out of order.
Mr. JONES. I move to suspend the rules, for
the purpose of taking up the bill, and i ask the
yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr, JONES withdrew the demand for the yeas
and nays, expressing the hope that it would
not be necessary to take them.
The question was put on the suspension of the
rules, and the Speaker pro tem said the noes ap-
peared to have it.
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays; but a
sufficient number did not vote.
Mr. JONES called for tellers on the yeas and
nays; which were refused.
And the question being taken, and two thirds
not voting in the affirmative, the rules were not
suspended.
Mr. WOODWARD asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the assistant folder on the floor of the
House of Representatives be allowed the same pay and
compensation as a messenger for his services, commencing
with the present session ol Congress.
The resolution having been read, objection was
made to its introduction.
Mr. WOODWARD moved a suspension of the
rules, and two thuds having voted in the affirma-
tive, the ruies were suspended, and the resolution
was befoie the House^and the question being on
its adoption—
Mr. CROWELL offered the following amend-
ment:
Resolved, That the pay and emoluments of Dooikeeper of
the House of Representatives be paid by the Clerk ot tins
House to Robert E Horner, and the pay of Assistant Door-
keeper be paid from the fund afoiesaid to James R. Ran-
dolph; and that said Horner and Randolph bemud arefcereby
continued m office until further orders. Jlndresolv&i*Jwther,
That the messengers in the employment of the House be
paid the same per d em as is paid to the messengers ot the
Senate, commencing with the present session.
Mr. WOQDWARD raised the point of order
on the amendment.
Mr. JONES. It will be recollected that the
House postponed the election of Doorkeeper until
the 3d of March next, and that the Speaker of the
House has uniformly decided that we could not
proceed to make the appointment or election prior
to that date. I submit that the resolution is out
of order.
Mr. CARTTER moy.ed to lay the resolution
and amendment on the table.
The SPEAKER (pro tem.) examined the amend-
ment, and declared his opinion to be that it was
in order. The rules of the House had been sus-
pended, and, amongst others, that rule which pro-
vided that the officers of the House should be.
elected in a particular manner had also been sus-
pended. Therefore the Chair decided that the
amendment was in order.
Mr. JONES. I submit to the Chair, that the
order of the House postponed the election of a
Doorkeeper to a day certain. That order was not
one of the regular rules of the House, and we
cannot proceed to the election without having, m
the first place, taken up and rescinded it.
^ The SPEAKER, (pro Urn.) The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
Mr. STRONG. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word "resolved
and inserting the words, " that the House do now
proceed to the election of a Doorkeeper.99
Mr. CARTTER. 1 moved some time since
that the resolution and amendment be laid on the
table. What became of the motion I kntfw not.
I now move that the whole subject be laid upon
the table.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. The committee of conference, ap-
pointed on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on House bill No. 334, making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the current fiscal year, have instructed
me to make a report.
[A message from the Senate, by Mr. Machen,
their chief Clerk:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have agreed to the second
conierence a^ked bv the Hou^e of Ilepiesentatives on the
disagreeing votes* of the two Houses on the bill 331, making
appiopriauons for the current and contingent expenses ot
the Indian Depaitment, and for fulfilling treaty siipulanons
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending Jun$30,1851,
and have appointed Mr. Prarce, Mr. Rusk, and Mr. Se-
bastian the managers of saw conference on the part of the
Senate.]
Mr. McLANE then ascended the CIerk'3 plat-
form, atid read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
334) making appropriations for the civil and dip-
lomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1851, and for other pur-
poses, reported that, [having met and] after full
and free conference, the conferees have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to the respective
Houses as follows:
1. That the House concur in the first amend-
ment of the Senate striking out all after line 12 to
the end of line 25 in the fiist page of the bill.
2. That the House concur in the 18th amend-
ment of the Senate, striking outlines 22, 23, 24,
and 25, in page 17.
3. That the House concur in the 89th, 90th, and
91st amendments of the Senate, with an amend-
ment striking out all of said Senate amendments,
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Jind be it further enacted, That upon full pioof being ex-
hibited to 'the Secretary of the Treasury ol the cost# and
expense?, including labor and the wear and tear of material,
actually incurred by Messrs. \V. M. Belt and JohnH. Tren-
holm, or their a&signee and surety, Thomas Ritchie, in the
execution of the public printing of Congress under their
.subsisting contract, so far as Mates to the work already
done, the secretary of the Treasury -hall be, and he is here-
by, authorized to reimburse any actual h s which shall be
shown to him to have been incurred. And that all manu-
scripts in the possession ot W. M. Beit and John H. Tren-
holm, or their assignee or surety, Thomas Ritchie, the
printing of which has been ordered by either House of Con-
gress, s>hall be delivered to the Secretary of the Senate and
Clerk of the Hou*>e of Representatives, respectively, who
shall cau*e the same to be printed at puces, not exceeding
fortj-five per cent, less for long numbers, and thirty-three
per cent, tor short numbers, on the prices fixed by the joint
resolution of 1819.
D. S DICKINSON,
J. MACPHEK^ON BERRIEN,
JESSED BRIGHT,
Managers on the part oj the Senate*
ROBERTM MrLANE,
JOS. GRINNELL,
A. G. BROWN,
Managers on the part oj th e Hcttse.
I hope it will not be
The reading having been concluded—
Mr. McLAJ'JE said, 1 am further instructed to
move the adoption of the report, and to demand
the previous question, and I do so.
Mr.'WENT WORTH.
sustained.
Mr. STANLY. 1 call the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the report. It is the worst and most
disgraceful Galphinizing.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, (to the
Speaker.) 13 it in order to move to lay the report
on the table ?
The SPEAKER, (pro (em.) In the opinion of
the Chair, that motion is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the report belaid
on the table.
Mr. BAYLY, (to the Speaker.) If the report
should be laid upon the table, 1 desire to know
whether the bill will not go with it?
Loud calls to order, mingled with cries of " Let
it go," in some quarters of the Haii, and " Let it
go," echoed back from others.
There was great confusion in the Hall.  
Mr. PHELPS addressed the Chair and was
recognized.
Mr. BAYLY. I call the gentfeman to order.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) How is the Chair
to know whether the gentleman is in order or not.,
until the Chair has heard what the gentleman ht 3
to say? The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] is entitled to the floor, and will proceed.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to inquire whether this
committee of conference has recommended to the
House that the previous question should be sus-
tained upon the adoption of this report, and whether
that is a part of the report made by the conferees ?
Mr. McLANE, (to the Chair.) Am I at liberty
to reply to the inquiry of the gentleman from Mis-
souri ?
Mr. PHELPS. I will yield the floor for the
purpose.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The gentleman
from Maryland, [Mf. McLane,] when he made
the report, distinctly announced that he was in-
structed by the committee to move the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 withdraw
my motion to lay on the table, in order to give full
play to 
Mr. HIBBARD, (interposing.) I rise to a jtoint
of order.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The gentleman
will state his point of order.
Mr. HIBBARD. Is it in order to calf for a di-
vision of the question ?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair cannot
hear the gentleman.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask whether it is in order
to call for a division of the question, so as to take
the question first on the one branch of the report
and then on the other?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem ) It is not in order.
It is an entire report, and cannot be divided.
Mt. McLANE, of Maryland. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, in order that i
may have an opportunity of replying to the in-
quiry of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps.]
Mr. PHELPS (who had never yielded the
floor) said, he desired to know whether the motion
which had been made for the previous question is
a part of the report of the committee of confer-
ence ?
[There was great confusion in the Hall, and
some time elapsed in the effort on the part of the
Speaker pro tem. to restore order.]
Mr. McLANE then proceeded. I read the re-
port at the Clerk's desk, signed by the three man-
agers on the pait of the House, and by the three
on the part of the Senate. 1 then moved the
adoption of the report, and I then stated that i had
been requested 
Mr. SACKETT, (interposing.) 1 risetoapoint
of order. I submit that these explanations aie not
m order, pending the demand for the previous
question.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair decides
that there is no point of order in the remark of the
gentleman from New York. [Laughter.] The
gentleman from Maryland will proceed with his
remai ks, as that gentleman is entitled to the floor,
and the subject is open to debate.
Mr. McLANE, (in continuation.) I stated that
I was requested, or instructed, as the case might
