2028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept.
be, by my colleagues—the managers on the com-
mittee of conference on the part of the House—to
pursue that course. They have endeavored (the
House will permit me to Say) to the best of their
ability to come to an agreement with the managers
of the Senate. I am very sure that the state of
feeling which pervades this House will bring home
to the breast of every man the conviction that this
agreement was a matter of some difficulty. We
hop i and believe, that in making the report we
are representing the sound judgment and discretion
of this House. It will be for the House to affirm
or reject the decision of its managers, as it may
see fit.
[Cries of " Very well—that ia enough—move
the previous question."]
Mr. McLANE. I call the previous question on
the adoption of-the report.
Mr. PHELPS. \ yielded the floor to the gen-
tleman to answer my inquiry.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that the report be
laid upon the table.
Mr. &AYLY. Very well. Lay it there. It
carries the bill with it.
Calls to order.
Mr. PHELPS. I was entitled to the floor, but
as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
has moved to lay the report on the table, 1 with-
draw the motion.
The SPEAKER (pro tem ) stated the question
to be on laying the report of the committee of con-
ference on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL. In order that we may vote
understanding^, I desire to be informed by the
Chair whether the motion to lay the report on the
table, if agreed to, wiil carry the bill with it?
■ The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) In the opinion of
the Chair, the motion, if it should prevail, will
carry the bill with it, unless a new conference is
requested.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then 1 hope it will go 
Loud responses, some in a threatening tone,
lt Let it go." •
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, let it go. .
Mr BAYLY called the yeas and nays on the
motion to lay the report on the table.
Mr. DiSNEY rose to a point of order. It was
almost impossible to hear, but Mr. D. was under-
stood to submit that a motion to lay on the table
the report of a committee of conference was un-
usual, unpurliamentary, and oat of order.
Mr. ORR. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. DISNEY. I am m order. I call the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to order.
Mr. ORR. You are making an argument, not
submitting a point of order.
The SPEAKER, (;pro tem.) The Chair over-
rules the point of order of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Disney.]
Mr. DiSNKY. i appeal from the decision; and
I believe the appeal is debatable.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The appeal is not
debatable, because the previous question is pend-
ing.
Mr. DISNEY withdrew the appeal.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose to inquire of
the Chair, whether a new committee of conference
could not be appointed?
The SPEAKER (pro tem.) answered in the af-
firmative.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the House should not ap-
point another committee of conference, does not
the motion to lay the report on the table, if agreed
to, amount to a defeat of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill ?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair can-
not answer such questions as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Taylor] proposes.
Mr. MARSHALL. At the instance of my
friends, I withdraw the motion to lay the report
on the table.
So the motion to lay the report on the table was
withdrawn.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous quesiion.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked that the report,
and the amendments to which it referred, might be
read before the vote was taken.
Objection was made to the reading.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. Is it in the power of the com-
mittee of conference to frame the last section of
the bill on a principle different from that which
paesed the House r .. -
The SPEAKER, ( pro tem.) The Chair has no
doubt that the report is in order.
Tellers were appointed on seconding the pre-
vious question, (Messrs. Bowie and Albertson;)
and the question being taken, the vote stood—ayes
102, noes given up. A second.
IfThe main question (on agreeing to the report of
the committee of conference) was ordered to be
taken.
§^,Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
stating that the Senate had passed an act to pro-
vide compensation to such persons as may be des-
ignated by the Secretary of the Treasury to re-
ceive and keep the public money,under the fifteenth
section of the act of 6th of August, 1846> for the
additional services requited under that act.]
The question on agreeing to the said report was
then taken.
After the roll had been called—
Mr. BAKER, who had heretofore paired off
with Mr. Averett, of Virginia, stated that he had
inadvertently voted, and that he asked leave to
withdraw his vote.
Some conversation followed, and objection was
made.
Mr. BAKER thereupon rose' twice in succes-
sion,and asked that his name might be called; and
he voted first on the one side, and then on the
other.
Finally, the objection having been withdrawn—
Mr. BAKER withdrew his vote.
Mr. MATTESON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Richardson.
Mr. CAMPBELL, who had paired off with
Mr. Green on all party questions, but who had
no idea, he said, that this was to be made a party
question, asked leave to withdraw the vote which
he had inadvertently given.
Objection was made.
Several Voices. No, no; a point of honor.
Mr. HALL submitted that the vote of Mr.
Campbell should not remain on the record, whilst
that of Mr. Baker had been withdrawn.
The objection having been persisted in—
Mr. OUTLAW rose and voted in the affirma-
tive, so as to cheek-mate (in behalf of Mr. Green)
the vote inadvertently given by Mr. Campbell.
The House gave some tokens of approbation.
The result of the vote was then announced—
yeas 65, nays 93; as follow:
YEAS—Mes«T«. Alberlson, Ashe, Ashmun, Bay, Bayly,
Beale, Bissell, Bocock. Bowdon, Bowlin, Albert G. Brown,
E. C. Cabell, J useph P. Caldwell, W. ft. W. Cobb, Dummck,
Disriey, Dunham, Edmundson, Eliot, Featherston, Fuller,
Gpriy, Grmneli, Halt, Hamilton, Hammond, Harlan, Sump-
son W. Hams, Haymond, Hibbard, Hilliard, Holladay,
ilolmes, Jost ph W. Jackson, At.diew Johnson, Jouu«>, Kaul-
irmn, La S&rc, Leffljr; Lirilefiekl, Mason, McClernand,
McLanahan, Robert M. McLane, Meade, Miller, Millson,
Morehead, Morton, Outliw. Parkei, Peash-e, Peck. Powell,
Robbms, itoss. Seddon, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H- j
Stanton, Strong, WaJden, Wellborn, Whittlesey, Wright, i
and Young—65. j
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander Alien, Alston, Anderson, An-
drew-, Bennett, Bokce, Booth, Bowie, Breck, Burrows, |
Burt, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Btilier, Joseph Cable, Cal- !
vin, Campbell, Cartter, Casey, Chandler, Clarke. Chngman,
Coieock, Colo, Cioweii, Di< key,Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Dnr-
1 kee, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fowler, Freedlev,
j Goit, Gould, Halloway, Hampton, flay, Hebard, Henry,
i Houston, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Julian, lverr, Geor e G.
I Ktug. Jame* G.'King. John A.King, Piesion King.Horace
j Mann, Matshall, McKi-sock, McQueen. Merxcham, Moore,
' Morns, Nelson, Newell,"Ogle, Orr, Otis, Phelp?, Pitman,
Potter, Pinnain, Reed, Reynolds, lltslev, Hoot, Ramsey,
Snekett, Seheimeihom, Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding,
Spiasue, Stanly, T. Stevens, Taylor, John B. Thompson,
Thurman, Tuck, Underbill, Van Dyke, Waldo, Watkins,
VVemvvoith, White, Wood, and Woodward—1)3.
So the House refused to agre^to the report of
the committee of conference.
Mr. STANLY, (to the Chair.) 1 presume it
is now in order to move that the House insist upon
its disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
and that another committee of conference be
| appointed.
j Great confusion in the Hall.
j The SPEAKER (pro tem ) said the Chair could
i not hear the remark of the gentleman from North
S Carolina, [Mr. Stanly.]
Mr. STANLY repeated it.
Mr. ORR rose to a question of order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a privileged
question.
Mr. FEATHERSTON, (interposing.) It is
now 'ten minutes past twelve o'clock-—Sunday
morning, i do not think that the House shaald
sit here on Sunday. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to concur in the
report of the committee of conference, and that
that motion belaid on the table.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) There is a motion
pending that the House do now adjourn; and on
that motion the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
McLane] has asked the yeas and nays.
Nineteen members only voted in favor of^the
yeas and nays.
Mr. McLANE called for tellers on the yeas
and nays. Tellers were appointed, (Messrs,
Chandler and Leffler )
The yeas and nays were ordered; and having
been taken, resulted—yeas 40, nays 110; as fol-
low:
YEAS—Messrs. Bay, Bayly, Bocock, JBooth, Bowdon,
Albert G. Brown, Joseph Cable, Cartter, Cleveland, W,
R. W. Cobb,Colcock, Dimmick, Disney, Dunham, Edmund-
son, Featherston, Fowlej, Free<iley, Hammond, Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Holladay, Holmes, Andrew Johnson,
Jones, Kaufman, Horace Mann, Mason, McLanahan, Rob-
ert M. McLane, McQ.ueen, Millson, Parker, Potter, Pow-
ell, Putnam, Ross, Seddon, Richard H. Stanton, and Wal-
den—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, ANton, Ander-
son, Andrews, Ashe, Ashmun, Beale, Bennett, Bokee,
Bowie, Bowhn, Breck, Brtggs, Buirows, Burf, Chester But-
ler, Thos. B. B .tier, E. C. Cabell, Joseph P. Caldwell, Cal-
vin, Campbell, Ca?-ey, Chandler, Clarke, Ciingman, Cole,
Croweil, Dickey, Dixon, Doty, Durkee, Eliot, Alexander
Evans, Nathan Evans, Fifh, Fuller, Gerry. Gilbert, Gott,
Gould, Grinnell, Hall, Halloway, Hamilton, Hampton, Hay,
Haymond, Hebard,Henry, Hibbard, Houston, Howe, Hub-
hard, Hunter, Joseph W. Jackson, Julian, Kerr, George G.
King, James G. Kin?, John A. King, Preston King, La
Sere, Lelfler, Lutlefieid, Marshall, McKissock, Meacham,
Moore, Morehead, Morns, Morton, Nelson, Ogle, Orr, Otis,
Outlaw, Peaslee, Peck, Phelp--, Phoenix, Pitman, Reynolds,
Ridley, Robbms, Root, Rum^ey, Sacketi, Schermerhoru,
Schoolcraft, Silvester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Fred-
erick P. Stanion, Thaddeus Stevens, Stetson, Taylor,
John B. Thompson, Thurman, Tuck, Unrieihitl, Van Dyke,
Waldo, Watkins, Wentworth, White, Whittlesey, Wood-
ward, and Young—110.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Marshall—
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that there be a call of
the House, and asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. MARSHALL submitted to the Chair, that
his motion to reconsider took precedence.
The SPEAKER (pro tem!) decided not.
Mr. BAYLY. I rise to a question of order. I
^desire to know whether Sunday is a dies non.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) Will the gentle-
man from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] be good enough
to say whether he asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion for a call of the House?
Mr. KAUFMAN. I do.
Fifteen members only rose—not a sufficient
i number.
! Mr. KAUFMAN called for tellers on the yeas
j and nays, who were refused.
{ Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a privileged question.
! I move to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to concur in the report of the committee of
conference 
Mr. MARSHALL, (interposing.) Why, I
have submi'ted that motion long ago.
Mr. PHELPS. I did not hear it.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Kaufman, and decided in the negative.
So a call of the House was refused.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Marshall, to reconsider the vote by which the
House had refused to agree to the report of the
committee of conference, and to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. BAYLY asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
The roll was called-
Mr. SPEAKER COBB.resumed the Chair.
The result of the vote was then announced—
yeas £6, nays 60; as follow;
YEAS—Messrs Alexander,Anderson, Andrews, Ashmun,
Beale, Bennett, Bokee,Bowie, Breck, Buriows, Burt.Ches-
ter Butler, Thomas B.Butler, Calvin, Campbell, Cartter,
Casey, Chandler, Clark*?, Clingmaiu Coleoek, Cole, Crow-
ell, Diekev, Dixon, Doty, Durkee, Eliot, Alexander Evans,
Nathan EvanS, Fowler, Freedlev, Gott. Gould, Halloway,
Hampton, Hay, Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hubbard,
Hunter, Julian, Kerr, James G. King, John A. Kjrs, I'reston
Kins, Horace Mann, Marshall, McKiseocfc, McQueen,
Meacham, Moore, Morris, Nelson, Newell. Ogle, Orr, Otis,
Phelps, Phccnix, Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reiiiolds. Kisley,
Root, Rumsey, Sackett, Schermerborn, Schoolcraft, Sil-
vester, Spaulding, Sprague, Stanly, Thaddeus Stevens, John
