984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
In relation, sir, to what fell from the honorable
Senator from South Carolina in reference to the
falling off of judicial talent, 1 certainly understood
him to intimate most clearly the idea that there
had been a falling off during the last twenty years.
The question occurred to me, " Where has that
falling off occurred ?" The first idea that occurred
to my mind was that it must have been in the
Supreme Court of the United States; but that the
honorable Senator distinctly disavows. I under-
stood, also, that he advertjd to Mississippi, and
that thence he went to South Carolina; but he
disavows this also. And |>ow 1 understand him
as intimating a disavowal of this sentiment in rela-
tion to judicial talent every where. Well, then , I
simply call upon my friendl from South Carolina
to bear witness that he did not mean anything;
for, his remark having no particular application,
he can have no particular meaning; and, haying no
particular meaning, X cannot respond to him fur-
ther on this subject than 1 have now done.
Now, sir, I wish to make a single remark in
response to what fell from the honorable Senator
from Virginia. 1 thought I was very plain in my
description of what I meant by judicial independ-
ence. 1 admire judicial independence, in the
proper sense of the term, as much as the Senator
from Virginia—that independence which enables
a judge fearlessly and firmly to perform his duties,
in spite of all influences, of whatever character,
that can be brought to bear upon him. I only in-
tended to show, and I endaavored to do it as far as
my memory would serve me, in the words of the
great Jefferson, that there was a great difference
between the independence of the British judiciary,
which was independence on behalf of the people
against the power of the Crown, and the independ-
ence of the judges in this country, which was not
independence on behalf of the people, but inde-
pendence in opposition to the people; that inde-
pendence which enabled the judge upon the bench
to disregard the public sentiment around him; to
act with indifference towards popular feeling; to
violate the highest principles of morality, (as, I
am sorry to say, in some cases has been done;) to
indulge in open profligacy and vice, and deliber-
ately to decide in opposition to what every enlight-
ened jurist in the country knows to be sound law.
That is the sort of independence to which I have
so strong an aversion. I had supposed that they
were responsible at all times to enlightened and
virtuous public sentiment; and I believe that we
can best make them so in this particular instance
by modifying the proposition as we now propose,
so as to preserve in the mind of each of these
officers a lively sense of his responsibility to the
people of the United States, for whose benefit he
was appointed to office.
Mr. President, permit me to conclude by saying
that I am pefertly willing that my friend from
South Carolina shall call me a " progressive Demo-
crat." It is not one th.it I have undertaken before
to assume; but I am willing to be called by that
name. But what sort of a " progressive Demo- j
crat must he be who merely adheres to the old :
creed of his Democratic ancestors; and how little
•of progess must those conservative republicans have
about them who profess to disdain federalism, to
be opposed to everything like aristocracy, and who
consider it a rash case of "progressive Democracy"
when a man i3 simply giving his cool and deliber-
ate sanction to the noble—I had almost said divine
—teaching of the immortal Jefferson ? Sir, I do
not think myself very widely progressive, but I
fall back upon the authority' of the sages of our
country—of such men as Jefferson and others,
and quote them as authority in support of the
opinions which I have so feebly enunciated.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire, if it is in order
to move to amend the motion to strike out, by
adding to it a motion to strike out another clause
with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not unless it
is connected with the subject now proposed to be
stricken out. *
Mr. HALE. It is not connected with it except
by juxtaposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it is not
in order.
Mr. HALE. It is now moved to strike out
" the term of twelve years," which is assigned by
the bill to these commissioners, and some other
term has been suggested in a spirit of compromise.
I hope, sir, that we shall not have too many com-
promises, because we have a certain quantity of
compromising in our committee, and I am afraid
it will be exhausted before we come to the great
compromise. 1 was going to propose, if it was in
order—but as it is not, I shall propose it if this
motion prevail—to strike out of the ninth lin^he
words " and shall be removable by the Preside™."
So that if the shorter tenure be adopted, (and all
agree that a certain independence ought to be se-
cured,) if the term of twelve years be stricken out,
and six, eight, or nine, or some compromise line—
some 36° 30'—be inserted, my proposition will
secure the officers from Executive influence, by
securing to them their places for the term for
which they were chosen. Now, in reference to
the suggestion of the Senator from Virginia, who
introduced the bill, that several Senators thought
the officers would be removable by the President
whether this provision were stricken out or not,
I would say that if the President has this consti-
tutional power, he will have it whether the amend-
ment which I shall propose prevail or not. If the
term of twelve years is therefore stricken out, I
shall move to strike out the other portion of the
bill, of which I have given notice.
The question was then taken on the motion to
strike out " twelve" and insert " three," and re-
sulted as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Benton, Borland, Bradbury,
Bright, Cass, Chase, Clay, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
Felcll, Foote, Houston, Jones, King, Mason, Norris, Rusk,
Sebastian, Shields, Sturgeon, Turney, Walker, Whitcomb,
andYulee—29. .
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Butler, Clarke,
Clemens, Corvvin, Dawson, Elmore, Greene, Hale, Hunter,
Miller, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Smith, Soul«, Spruance, and
Underwood—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now move to strike out of the
ninth line of the first section the words "and shall
be removable by the President."
Mr. WHITCOMB. I do not propose to make
any speech upon this question, i merely rise to
ask that the yeas and nays may be ordered on this
amendment.
The yeas and nays were accordingly ordered.
PATENT RIGHTS.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I think it highly
important that the President should have the power
which this amendment proposes to take from him,
because corruption may arise. These officers will
be surrounded by corrupt influences. We all
know it. A case of rank corruption may suddenly
;j ause, and, if you disable the President of the
I United States from turning out of office in such a
case, the public service may seriously suffer. I
i cannot perceive any advantage from the operation
of the amendment. The thing looks as if it were
designed that the Democratic President who will
i come m in 1852 shall not have the power of re-
j moving those officers. I da not mean to reflect
; upon the motives of honorable Senators; I do not
j believe there is any such design in view; yet I
: think the practical effect will be just what I have
j stated. It will deprive the Democratic President
: who will come m m 1852 of the power of displa-
' cing these officers. And, as a practical Democrat,
I therefore object to this proposition.
Mr. HALE. I had no such idea as the honor-
able Senator has suggested. It has been suggested
that it is necessary to give these officers some sort
of independence. The Senate has already decided
that they shall not hold their offices for a long
tenure. The next point is, whether they shall
hold their offices at the pleasure of the President.
If you are to have them in for a short term, and
at the pleasure of the President, there will be no
sort of independence about it, beyond that which
every politician has. The Senator from Missis-
sippi seems to have a second sight as to the result
of the election of 1852, and he stems also to know
what is to be the action of the individual that is to
come into the presidential chair at that time. Now,
I ask what sort of independence will there be given
to these officers beyond that of all the tide-waiters
of Providence—custom-house officers, collectors,
i &c.—if you will not give them a long tenure, or
! will not make them independent of Executive in-
fluence.
I The Senator from Mississippi suggests that
1 there may be corruption m this Government. It
seems to me that that is a very extravagant sup-
position. And , if we may be indulged for a mo-
ment in entertaining so extravagant an idea as that,
I would ask the sagacious Senator from Missis-
sippi whether there is more danger of corruption
by throwing all power out of the hands of this
Government into the hands of the President, and
lef him dole it out every time he comes into power,
as has been done to a great extent m time past—
I would ask him whether that does not open the
door wider to corrupt influences than it would be
opened by allowing the officers who are to be
clothed with judicial functions, and are to exercise
judicial offices, to hold these offices without any
fear of Executive interference? That is supposed
to be desirable. Such is the policy of the Consti-
tution of the United States. It has always been
desirable that the Judiciary should be freed from
all connection with the Executive. And, sir, if
such reasons apply in the case of judges of the
common law courts, with how much more force
should they apply to the judges of this court? I
am surprised at the position assumed by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi. He forgets one of the great
elements of a character which he is not unwilling
to have attributed to him—that of Progressive
Democracy—when he forgets^hat great principle
which takes power out of the hands of one man,
and vests it in the Legislature.
The bill, as it now stands, gives the President
the power to remove these officers, and thus takes
away from this board every shadow of independ-
ence, and it will not be worth a straw. If you
make these commissioners hold their offices for a
short time, and be removable at the will of the Pres-
ident, you will make them just exactly such poli-
ticians as are waiting upon Providence every time
the presidential election is terminated, and you
will have just such political officers as are the col-
lectors of the customs, marshals of the districts,
and other officers. And, if this court is to have
the attributes which it seems desirous that it should
have, the officers should either hold their terms
for a long tenure, or should not be removable by
the President.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest to the Senator from New Hampshire that I
have doubts whether, if the amendment prevail, it
will accomplish the object he has in view. It pro-
poses to strike out the words "and shall be re-
movable by the President." The que'stion I raise
is this: whether, supposing these words to be striken
out, the President will not still have the power of
removal ? 1 believe the uniform construction of
the Constitution is, that he has the power of re-
moval in all like cases. It strikes me that the
Senator from New Hampshire can accomplish his
object much surer and much safer by a slightmod-
ification of his amendment. I propose to him to
modify his amendment, and insert the word "not"
after the word "shall;" so that the provision will
read, "and shall not be removable by the Presi-
dent." I have doubts in my own mind as to
whether the amendment should not be adopted if
it be so modified.
Mr. HALE. I will accept the modification in
the spirit of compromise.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have great doubts whether
these officers, being judicial officers, should be re-
movable by the President. I think they should
be independent of all party and political considera-
tions. I am unwilling to give them a tenure for
life. I amalso unwilling to give them a long, a very
long legal tenure; and I am also unwilling that they
should hold their offices upon the discretion of the
political department of the Government. I wish
them to be independent of all party considerations
during the period of their commission, and de-
pendent upon the character they have attained
while in office. I am therefore inclined to vote for
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, as he has modified it. I would have no ob-
jection also to adding, at the end of the amendment,
"except by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate;" so that it may read, and shall not be re-
movable by the President, except with the advice
and consent of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I will accept that; I will accept
any modification, so that the substance of the
amendment will be retained.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, the proposition
before us involves a very serious question, and, I
must say, that I am in favor of it, particularly as
it is proposed to be amended. I was in favor of
the original proposition which was offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire, and I think it? is
worthy of the consideration of the Senate whether
