1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
935
that proposition, as now proposed to be amended,
should not he adopted and insisted upon. But,
sir, I will state what the principle is that would
be involved m that decision, and where the Senate
will find itself when it is so decided? It will find
itself precisely where I think it ought to have
found itself at the organization of the Government,
and to which we will have to come in the end, if
we would preserve the order and purity of our in-
stitutions. The Senator from Illinois has sug-
gested that these officers are in the nature of judi-
cial officers. If they be judicial officers, then you
cannot limit their term of office. They must be
in for life; so that it would not make this provision
effective. If they are judicial officers, no limita-
tion can be imposed upon the term of their ser-
vice by Congress, because the Constitution re-
quires that they should hold their offices during
" good behavior," or, in other words, " for life;"
and they can only be removed by the constitu-
tional removing power for cause, upon an im-
peachment. This principle was decided in 1789
-90, when a debate arose on the question whether
all officers were removable by the President; and
the decision of that day was that Congress could
not impose a limitation on the power of the Presi-
dent in removals from office, except so far as con-
veyed in the words "during good behavior."
That decision, I believe, was made by the casting
vote of the President of the Senae; so strongly
contested was the soundness of that principle at
that day. And I believe that whoever looks into
the history of this subject, will find that those who
have studied it most perfectly, have been of opin-
ion that that decision, closely contested as it was
then, would never have been made but for the
overwhelming popularity of the President of the
United States for the time being—the universal
favorite—Washington himself.
But it required all the force of his character,
and all the confidence which the people reposed in
that distinguished man, to carry the proposition
at that day; and at last it was carried only by
the casting vote of the Vice President of the
United States. That question has been reviewed
again and again in the Senate of the United States.
It has been discussed with great and distinguished
ability. Every consideration has been repeatedly |
bestowed upon it that talent and a full mvestiga- i
^tion and scrutiny could give it; and I am happy to I
see upon an occasion like this, where the grounds I
of that decision have been contested, gentlemen i
rising in their places to show how erroneous was
that original decision. Sir, those who have looked
at the debate and the decision of that question
will find that, in the establishment of one of the
departments of the Government, they first insert-
ed a clause that the officer should be removable by
the President, and that clause was stricken out
after a close contest in the two Houses. It was
moved in another stage of the bill that the clause
should be striken out, and that the bill should
stand without any provision whatever, upon the
principle that the President would still have the
power of removal, even though Congress should
adopt this 'prohibition. In other words, they
placed it upon the ground that the power was
inherent in the President of the United States
over all the officers of the Government, except
the judiciary, independent of any provision that
might be adopted by Congress.
Now, the original proposition made by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire would not have effected
his object. These officers would have been sub-
ject to removal, independent of such a provision,
upon the principle established in 1789, and contin-
ued to this day; but I would have voted for that
proposition, on the ground of exhibiting to the
President and to the country the sense of the Sen-
ate on this very important question. I shall vote
for it, because I take it as the decision of the Sen-
ate that Congress has power to control removals
and appointments; that is, upon the understanding
that both Houses have a right to do so. I should
take it as a decision of this body that the decision
of Congress in 1789-90 was wrong; that that cast-
ing vote was a great error. Sir, it was a great er-
ror; it has been a most fatal error; and the sooner
we can retrace our steps the better, even now, after
the lapse of half a century. I should consider it
as one of the signs of real progress if we could
come to this decision ; and I will vote for this prop-
osition now, trusting that it will be the entering
wedge to settle the question affirmatively, that
both Houses of Congress have power over ap-
pointments and removals, and to say to the Presi4
dent of the United States, both now and.. hereafter,
" You shall not remove persons from office except
with the assent of the Senate;" if you please, (al-
though I do not say that I would approve that—I
m^ely use it as an illustration,) but certainly Con-
gress should have the power of controlling the
power of the President upon this subject. The
President should not remove officers without giv-
ing reasons. He should not remove in any case
without cause, and without assigning that cause to
the Senate. We have the power of saying that he
should be at liberty to suspend from office in cases
where officers were acting injuriously to thefpublic
service, and to nominate or appoint his successor
until Congress should have investigated the matter
in regard to the suspected officer. Sir, there are
many modes m which this power could be con-
trolled, and have a very salutary influence upon
the country, and particularly upon the purity of
those engaged in the public service, and of every
Administration.
I rose, Mr. President, merely for the purpose of
stating this proposition—that is, that this prin-
ciple has been understood to have been established
since 1789, and Congress has been held not to be
competent to propose such a measure as is con-
templated by this provision. But I shall vote for
it upon the sirong conviction that Congress has
such power; and when this provision is adopted
m this instance, the principle will be admitted, and
we can go on providing for other cases of a simi-
lar character.
Mr. President, it will be readily understood that
I do not make these observations from ai.y want
of confidence in the present Administration any
more than in any other Administration. Sir, I have
the greatest confidence in the integrity of the pres-
ent Executive, and it is that very confidence
which, in a measure, induces me to support such
a great reform as this. I do not believe that a
more honest man lives than the present incumbent
of the presidential Chair. Nevertheless, I would
control him in the exercise of this power, and not
only him, but all his successors, if we have the
power of making a permanent provision of law
upon this subject. I shall vote with great pleas-
ure for the proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, previous to
the remarks of the Senator from Tennessee, I was
about to suggest to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire that there would be less objection to his
amendment, to add after the word " President,"
the words " by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate," so that the section would read, " and
shall be removable by the President, with the
advice and consent of the Senate."
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Maine
will allow one word. The amendment of the
Senator from New Hampshire has already been
modified by the addition of the words which he
proposes.
Mr. BRADBURY. I understand perfectly the
state of the question. I think the phraseology I
have suggested preferable to that which would
contain an express prohibition upon the President
against the removal of the commissioners. I un-
derstand the settled construction of the Constitu-
tion to be, that the President possesses the power
of removal m regard to the class of officers alluded
to, independent of the Senate. But I do not un-
derstand that the principle settled goes so far as is-
contended by the Senator from Tennessee. The
decision of 1789 falls short of the position taken
by the Senator. The question at that time arose
upon a resolution which was offered by Mr. Mad-
ison, "that there should be established an Execu-
tive Department, to be denominated the Depart-
ment of Foreign Affairs, at the head of which
should be an officer to be called the Secretary of
Foreign Affairs, who shall be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and be removable by the President."
The question was, whether under the Constitution
the President possessed the power of removal,
acting independent of the Senate, or whether the
Senate must act with him, and consent to the re-
moval that he should desire to make. The ques-
tion was not whether Congress might not pre-
scribe a fixed and definite term of office, which
would be respected by the Executive, but whether
the power of removal was in the President alone,
or must be exercised, like that of appointment,
with the adviee and consent of the Senate. I ap«
prehend these are different questions. The Sena-
tor from Tennessee seems to suppose they are
the same, and that because of the decision that the
President might remove, acting independent of the
Senate, therefore Congress possessed no power to
limit or prescribe the term of office. If the con-
struction is to be given to the vote which is con-
tended for by the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see, I should object to the amendment which I
suggested, and should not offer it.
Whether that decision, as to the construction of
the clause of the Constitution referred to, was cor-
rect or not, I do not propose to inquire. It has
become a settled construction, upon which every
branch of the Government has acted for more
than half a century; and I do not think it wise to
overturn settled decisions by an amendment of
this character upon such a bill as this. The ques-
tion raised is one which has engaged the ablest
minds of this country, and whenever a different
construction is to be given to that provision of the
Constitution, it should be done deliberately, and
upon full consideration. I think nothing of the
sort should be ingrafted on this bill. Were it not
for the inference attempted to be drawn by the
Senator from Tennessee, I should be willing that
the tenure of office of the commissioners should be
fixed at six years, removable by the President, by
and with the consent of the Senate. After this
amendment shall have been acted upon, I shall
propose that the period of six years be inserted
in the bill as the tenure of office; and, in lines
eleven and twelve, to strike out four, eight, and
twelve, and insert two, four, and six, so as to per-
fect this portion of the bill. I hope the Senatorwill
consent to modify the amendment by the simple
addition of the words " by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate. "
Mr. DOUGLAS. I merely wish to suggest to
my friend that if he had listened to the explanation
I was about making some time ago, he would
have found that the amendment has already been
so modified. I rose for the purpose of stating
that; but he said that he understood perfectly well
how the matter stood, and of course I then allowed
|i him to proceed.
i| Mr. BRADBURY. I heard the amendment of
j| the Senator from New Hampshire, and think I
understand the distinction. The Senator's amend-
ment proposes to declare in express terms that the
President shall not remove, instead of leaving the
question as it would stand upon language author-
izing the removal with the advice and consent of
the Senate.
Mr. BELL. I do not rise for the purpose of
detaining the Senate, but merely for the purpose
of stating to the Senator from Maine that I am
content with this amendment; whatever this body
does to show that its power of controlling the dis-
cretion of the Resident of the United States, comes
within the prirRple which I have desired to estab-
lish. I oniy wish to mention that any advance
made in this respect is of the greatest importance,
and that whatever we do in the present case, is in
opposition to what has been understood to be the
principle on which the Government has acted here-
tofore. This is not a thing that ought to have any
sacredness attached to iton account of its antiquity.
I believe I may say that the greatest minds that
have adorned the Senate and the country have held
that opinion; but they have never been able to
control a majority in either branch of Congress*
and they have theiefore failed to exercise any
power in either branch over the absolute arbitrary
j will of the President of the United States in rela-
[ tion to removals of officers Now this would be
! a control. It will be a most happy initiative pro-
I ceeding on the part of the Congress of the United
States, and I hope that we may fully carry it out
in future. It does not relate to the removals of the
^reat mass of public officers, if that is what the
Senator fears.
Mr. BRADBURY. Not at all.
Mr. BELL It controls the President in no
point except in the removal of th-^e particular
functionaries. I trust, sir, that before the next
election the honorable Senator will be found voting
with other Senators and the other House, in con-
trolling the exercise of the power m the of
any incoming President. But if his objret i« to
keep these offices from the power of we Resident
of the United States, this decision will have a ^ruit
