2030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
discovery of gold mines and placers in California
and preserving order in the gold mine district."
The question was taken, and two thirds not
voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, (leave having been
denied) moved a suspension of the rules, to en-
able him to make a report from the Committee on
Military Affairs, with a view to its being laid on
the table and printed.
The rules having been suspended for the pur-
pose—
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made a report on the disbursements of the
pay department during the war with Mexico.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
the day of adjournment.
Mr. BOWIE asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a joint resolution rescind-
ing the joint resolution heretofore adopted, by
which Monday next had been appointed as the
day of final adjournment of the two Houses of
Congress. He hoped the resolution would be read
for information.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
A Resolution rescinding the Joint Resolution terminating
the present session of Congress :
j Whereas the Senate and House of Representatives have
disagreed upon certain amendments to bills passed by the
House and amended by the Senate, and the time fixed for
adjournment by joint resolution has nearly arrived, to en-
able the respective Houses to adjust their differences with
due deliberation:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress, assembled. That the joint resolution of the Senate
and House of Representatives, terminating the present ses-
siOR of Congress on the 30th instant, be, and the &ame is
hereby, rescinded.
The resolution having been read—
Objection was made to its introduction.
Mr. BRO WN, of Mississippi. Is the resolution
before the House?
[Cries. 44 No! no!"]
The SPEAKER, (pro tem,) The resolution is
not before the House. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Bowie] has asked the unanimous con-
sent of-the House to introduce it, and objection
has been made.
Mr. BOWIE. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, to enable me to introduce
the resolution.
The SPEAKER (pro tem,) having stated the
question—
Mr. BAYLY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BOWIE withdrew the resolution.
Mr. KAUFMAN (leave having been denied)
moved that the rules of the House be suspended,
to enable him to move to discharge the Committee
of the Whole from the consideration of the bill of
the House to establish an additional district court of
the United States in the eastern portion of Texas.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (leave having
been denied,) moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, to enable him to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the messengers in the employment of the
H«use be paid the <ame per diem as is paid to the messen-
gers of the Senate, commencing with the present session;
and that Benjamin Miller, employed a laborer in the
committee ronni< of the House, shall be paid the extra com-
pensation allowed to other laborers in the Capitol,
The resolution having been read—
Mr. BOWLIN said, he did not exactly under-
stand it. if no provision had been made in the
other resolution which had been adopted, he should
not object.
Mr. STANTON briefly explained.
Mr BOWLIN withdrew his objection.
Mr. SAVAGE (at half past two o'clock) moved
that the House adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred ot) the motion of Mr.
Stanton, of Kentucky, that the rules of the
Hou^e be suspended to enable him to offer the
resolution.
Mr. PHELPS moved that there be a call of the
House, and on that motion he asked the yeas and
nays.
Tellers on the yeas and nays were appointed,
(Messrs. Puller and Gould )
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk commenced the call of the roll.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. STANLY, who had entered the House
ad interimy addressed the Chair, and being recog-
nized, said, is it in order now to make a report
from the committee of conference?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair thinks
it is.
Mr. PRESTON KING. The call of the roll
had been commenced, and an answer had been
given.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair, re-
garding this as a privileged question, thinks that
it is in order to make the report at this time.
Mr. JONES. From that decision I take an ap-
peal.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) Then the question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the House?"
The question was taken, and having been deci-
ded in the affirmative—
The decision of the Chair was affirmed.
A message was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing the fact that that body had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. STANLY sent to the Clerk's table the fol-
lowing repoit, which was read:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill, No. 334, ma-
king appropriation for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year errding 30th
June, 185i, and for other purposes, having met,
and after full and free conference, have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
1. That the House concur in the first amend-
ment of the Senate, striking out all after line 12,
to the end of line 25, on the first page of the bill,
and inserting said amendments.
2. That the House concur in the eighteenth
amendment of the Senate, striking out lines 22,23,
24, and 25, m page 17.
3. That the House adhere to its disagreement to
the 89th, 90th, and 91st amendments of the Senate.
EDW. STANLY,
JOHN A. KING,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report having been read—
Mr. YINTON said, I move to amend the report
as to the last amendment, by inserting the words,
"adhere to our disagreement."
[Cries o1-"" Agreed [ Doit!"&c.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Norih
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] is entitled to the floor, and
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] cannot
make his motion.
Mr. STANLY. I will make a suggestion to
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton ] Let us re-
cede from our first two amendments, and adhere
to the third.
Mr. STRONG, (to the Chair.) I submit that a
motion to amend the report of a committee of con-
ference is not in order.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair has
held that the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanlt] being entitled to the floor, no motion to
amend could be made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Vinton ]
Mr. STANLY. I move to recede from the first
two amendments, and adhfere to the last; and I
have only to say, that I hope the Houseof Repre-
sentatives, the guardians of the public Treasury,
as they are of the American Union, will stand by
this motion. 1 move the previous question
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Will the
Chair state the question ? The disorder is so great
it is impossible to hear anything.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair invites
the gentleman from North Carina [Mr Stanly]
to state what his motion is.
Mr. STANLY explained.
The SPEAKER (pro tem.) then decided the
question to be on seconding the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, addressed
an inquiry to the Chair, of which only the words
44 adhere" and " stand erect" were heard by the
Reporter.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) That will be the
effect of the motion.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and there was a second.
And the main question, being on concurring in
the report, was ordered to be now taken.
The yeas and nays were asked, and ordered.
Mr. VINTON, (to the Speaker.) As to the last
amendment, (that relating to the public printing,)
the question is on adhering, and as to the first two
on receding. 4
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The questioji is
on agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
ference. There can be no division of the question.
Mr. DlMMJCK desired to make a statement
to the House. This was not the report of the
committee of conference. He (Mr. D.) as a mem-
ber of that committee, had not signed it, but
had disagreed to it. Nor had it been signed by
the managers of the committed on the part of the
Senays. They insisted on the report which had
been agreed upon 'by the previous committee of
conference.
The CHAIR stated the question to be on agree-
ing to the report.
Mr. PRESTON KING. I ask that it may be
read, that we may know from what we are re- 
ceding, and to what we are adhering.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. Is the report
signed by* the joint managers of the committee of
both Houses ?
" Loud replies: " No, no, it is not; it is signed
only by two members of the House committee."
Mr. McLANE. Then I submit that, emanating
only from two managers of the committee of our
House, the report cannot be entertained. It is
not a report of the committee of conference 
Mr. STANLY, (interposing). What is it, then,?
Mr. McLANE (continuing, and apparently not
hearing the interruption) and cannot be entertained
as such.
The SPEAKER, (pro-tem.) The report is sub-
mitted as the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the House. It is a report of
the House, not of the Senate, for it has not been
signed oy the managers on -the part of the Sen-
ate. The managers on the part of the Senate have
not agreed to it.
Mr. BAYLY. Let us vote.
Mr. DISNEY. I understand the report to be
that the committee of conference agreed to report
to their respective Houses, that the House has re-
ceded from its disagreement to the first and second
amendments, but that as to the third, they have
come to no conclusion.
Mr. STANLY. Oh, no; that is not it,
Mr. DISNEY, What, then, is it? Let us
hear the report.
The report was again read.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire to
ask a question, in order that we may know dis-
tinctly what we are doing. I ask whether this
report, which is now made by the conferees on
the part of the House, is signed by the conferees
on the part of the Senate, or not?
The SPEAKER (pro tem ) It is not.
Mr. THOMPSON. Is it signed, as to any
part, by the conferees of the Senate?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem ) It is not.
Mr. STANLY. The report is not signed by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dimmick,]
or by the conferees on the part of the Senate. It
is a mere statement by myself, as chairman of
the committee on the part of the House, and of my
associate, of our views. It is not a report from
the joint committee of conference, nor offered as
such. It is a mere statement of what the commit-
tee did.
Mr. DISNEY. Why not report that the com-
mittee agreed —
Mr. STANLY, (interposing.) We have not
agreed, and i see no chance of our doing so; and
my motion is that the House recede from the first
and second amendments, and adhere to the third.
That is the motion before the House, and there is
no other.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I desire
to know whether the report 
Mr. VAN DYKE, (interposing.) I rise to a
point of order. The previous question has been
sustained. I submit that al! debate is out of or-
der.
Mr. THOMPSON. I want to know the facts.
I suppose the previous question cannot prevent
that.
Mr. VAN DYKE. It does.
Mr. THOMPSON. This report purports to
be-= *
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair must
arrest this conversation, and wiiJ do so. It is all
out of order.
