1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2031
Mr. THOMPSON. 1 want to know the facts.
What is the report?
The SPEAKER, (pro lem.) It has been read
at the Clerk's table more than once.
Mr. THOMPSON. Does not the report state
that they 
Loud calls to order.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) Thegentleman is
out of order. The gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Thompson,] certainly must perceive (and
the Chair hopes he will be indulged by the House
in stating) that it is not for him to say what the
report contains. It has been twice read, and the
House must judge of its contents for itself. The
Chair can give no opinion as to the tenor of the
report.
Mr. THOMPSON. 1 wish to know whether
the verbal report of the gentleman concurs with
the report 
The CHAIR, (interposing.) The Chair can an-
swer no such questions.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a question of order.
This purports to be a report from the committee of
conference. It is so stated in the preamble—that
it is a report?from the committee of conference to
their respective Houses. But the verbal report is,
that there is no report 
Mr. VAN DYKE. .1 call the gentleman to or-
der.
The SPEAKER, (protem.) Thegentleman from
Virginia*[ V1r. Meade] has risen to a point of or-
der, and is s ating i ; the gentleman will proceed.
Mr. MEADE. I say that the two statements
are so inconsistent with each other that no vote
can be taken.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair must say
to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Meade] that
it is not for the Chair to decide whether this is a
report, or what a report is. The matter can be
submitted to the House, and it can decide the ques-
tion for itself.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, obtained the floor.
Mr. DISNEY interposed to a point of order.
Mr. McLANE said that the floor had been
awarded to him. He was not going to make any
point of order on the report, or to recognize it as
such. He wished to say that the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] could not come into
this House and make the motion he had made.
The gentleman could not move that the House
concur with the Senate in their first and second
amendments, and adhere to the disagreement to the
thiid. He submitted that the motion of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] could
not be made in order.
[A message was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing the fact that that body had suspended
the sixteenth joint rule, so far a3 it relates to the
bill for the relief of Ebenezer Dumont.]
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair over-
rules the point of order of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. McLane.]
Mr. DISNEY rose to a point of order. He
submitted that the proposition which had been
presented was not a report from the committee of
conference, and that the Chair was bound, from the
face of the report itself, to know that fact; be-
cause, by usage, all propositions were required to
be signed by the conferees, and this proposition
was not so signed. .
The SPEAKER, (pro tem ) The Chair overrules
the gentleman's point of order. The report sub-
mitted by thegentleman from North Carolina does
not purport to be a report from the joint managers.
Whether the report that the committee of confer-
ence had not been able to agree is made verbally
or in wiiting, is, in the opinion of the Chair, un-
important. It might be verbal—it might be in
writing. .
Mr. MEADE. The report shows upon its face
that it does not purport to come from the joint
co mmittee.
Loud c*lls to order.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a point of order. It
is, that the Chair has misapprehended the state-
ment in the report. .
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) Misapprehension
does not constitute a point of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. MEADE. Certainly, sir, the facts as they
exist, should appear before the House.
The SPEAKER (pro tem ) Does the gentle-
roan ask that the report may be read ?
Mr MEADE. 1 do, because there is a drner-
ence of opinionifbetween the Chair and myself 
The SPEAKER, (pro lem,) interposing.) The
Chair entertains no opinion about the report and
declines to express any.
Mr. MEADE. Yet I understood the Chair to
say just now that it was not a joint report.
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) Upon the face of
it—and in reply to the point of order of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney.] The Clerk will
read the report.
. Mr. ORR. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question, then, is, Shall
the report be read?
The House decided that the report should not
again be read.
Mr. VINTON. I rise to inquire 
Mr. BAYLY (at the same moment) addressed
the Chair, from the area, in front of the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. STANLY called him to order.
Mr. VINTON. Is the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill at this time in possession of the
House, or of the Senate? I want to know where the
bill is.
The CHAIR said the bill was in possession
of the House.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a point of order. It is
that the report is not upon the table, but in the
hands of an individual member: " «
Mr. STANLY. I am entitled to it, and I should
like to see somebody come and take it.
Mr. MEADE. 1 ask the-Chair whether the
House or the gentleman from North Carolina i^
entitled to the possession of the report?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair under-
stands the report to be properly in the possession
of the House.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the Chair to request its
return.
Mr. STANLY. When the Chair requests it, I
will at once return the report to the table.
The SPEAKER, (prn tem ) The Chair sug-
gests to the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] to return the report to the Clerk's table.
Mr. STANLY. With the greatest pleasure, as
the Chair requests it.
After an inquiry by Mr. Duncan on a point of
order, touching the divisibility of the report—
Mr. VAN DYKE filled the attention of the
Chair to the fact, that the report was now in the
hands of other individual members.' And he
made the point of order, that the Chair demand it
from them.
The SPEAKER requested the report to be re-
turned to the Clerk's table.
It was returned accordingly.
Mr. STANLY. Come, let us vote. If we
adopt the report, we can settle these things in fif-
teen minutes.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. Do I understand the
Chair to decide, that the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] could have submitted the
motion he has made, if he had not been a member
of the committee of conference? If the report
should be laid upon the table, would not the mo-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Stanly] be still before the House?
The SPEAKER, (pro lem.) If the report should
be laid upon the table, or if it should be rejected,
it would be in order to move various propositions—
to recede, or insist, and so on.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. I move that the report
be laid upon the table
Mr. VINTON. Will that motion, if agreed to,
carry the bill with it?
The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. STANLY. Very well, then; lay it upon
the table. It is a'mere statement of one of my
colleagues on the committee of conference and my-
self I have already said so.
Mr. STRONG. 1 rise to a point of order. This
is, as the gentleman from North Carolina has him-
self stated, a mere statement of two of three mem-
bers of the committee of conference. If we should
concur in these recommendations, what would be
the effect? A different statement is made to the
Senate, which did not agree, and they concur in
the statement made to them 
Calls to order.
Mr. STANLY. All fancy—all fancy,
j Mr. MARSHALL. 1 rise to a point of order,
i I understand theie is a motion pending to lay the
i report on the table. If so, no debate is in order.
| The SPEAKER, (pro tem.) All these remarks
are out of order, pending a motion to Jay on the
table.
Mr. FEATHERSTON. t do not wish to de-
feat the motion of the gentleman from North Car-
olina. I wish the vote to be taken on lay tng on the
table, and then we can come lo the other question.
The question was taken, and the report was
laid on the table
Mr. SPEAKER COBB resumed the Chair.
Mr. STANLY. I made a motion some time
since, but do not know whether it was heard in
the confusion. I have informed the House that
the committee of conference could not agree. 1
now move that the House recede from its disagree-
ment to the two first amendments, and adhere to
its disagreement to the third.
' Mr. FITCH, (to the Chair.) Has the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly] a right
to make the motion any more than another mem-
ber, without a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. The committee have re-
turned a proposition to the House. The committee
of conference were unable to agree. The majority
of the committee on the part of the House made
a report, which was laid on the table. The papers
are before the House, and it is in order for the
gentleman from North Carolina, as it wouid have
been for any other member, to make a motion to
recede or adhere. The motion, therefore, is in
order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I presume the
motion is divisible.
The SPEAKER. The vote can be taken first
on receding and then on adhering.
Mr. STANTON. Very well.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question was ordered to
be taken.
The first question was on receding from the dis- r
agreement of the House to the first amendmentof
the Senate, (concerning mileage.)
Mr. CARTTER asked the yeas and nays;
which were lefused*
The question was then taken; and having been
decided in the affirmative, the House receded from
its disagreement to the first amendment of the
Senate.
The House also receded from its disagreement
to the second amendment of theSenate, (concern-
ing Doctor Harris's salary.)
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Stanly, that the House adhere to its disa-
greement to the third amendment of the Senate,
(concerning the public printing )
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and
being taken, resulted—yeas 90, nays; 49 as fol-
low:
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Andrews, Ash-
mun, Bennett, Bok 'e, Bowie, Breck, Briggs, Albetf G.
Brown, Burrow-e, Burt, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler,
Calvin. Campbell. Cat tier, Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Clmg-
nian, Colcock. Cole, CroweU, Dickey. Dixon, Doty, Dim-
can, Durkee, Etiot, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fow-
ler, Freedley, Gotr, Gould, Grinn^ll, Halloway, Hampton,
Hebard, Henry, Houston, Howe, Hubbard, Hunter, Julian,
Kerr, Georgn G. King. James G. Kins, John A. King. Pres-
ton King, Horace Mann, Marshall, McKi^sock, McQueen,
Mearham, Moore, Morris, Nelson, Newell, Ogle, Orr, Otis,
Outlaw, Phelpc, Pliceiux, Pitman, Putnam, Reynold*. Root,
Rumspy, Saokett, Sehermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Silve.-ter,
Spauldmg, Stanly, Thaddeu* Stevens, Ta\lor. John B.
Thompson, Thurinan, Tuck, Underbill, Van D\ke, Vinton,
Watkms, Wentworih. White, Wood, and Woodward—91).
NAYS—Mes*r*. Alhertson, A-lie, Bayly, Boroek, Bow-
don, Jo^pph P. Caldwell, W. R W. Cobb, Dinmuck. Dis-
ney, Dunham, Edmunrison, Feaiher.-ton, Fiteli, Fuller,
i Ge'rry, Hall, Hamilton. Hammond, Harlan, Hawnond, Hib-
j bard, Hdladay, Joseph W. Jackson. Kaufman. La Sere,
j LittlefHd. McLanahan, Rohert M. Mi-Lane, Meade. Will-
i «on. Morebead, Moiton, Parker, P a*lee, "Peek, Potter,
[ Bobbins, Ro?s, Savage, Seddon, Fr> derirk P. Stanton. Rioh-
! ard H.Stanton, Stft«on, Strong, Jacob Thompson, James
i Thompson, Waldo, Whittlesey, and Wright—49,
j So the House adhered to its disagreement to the
! third amendment of theSenate.
j [Mr. ANDERSON stated that his colleague,
! Mr. Gentry, was detained from the House by in-
disposition, and had been so for two days.]
Mr. STANLY moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I rise to
ask for information. Is not the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill lost, so far as this House
is concerned, nnd never can be reached again r
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not prepared
to admit that proposition.
Mr. THOMPSON. Can there be a committee
of conference after a vote of adherence, and after
