938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
msh bWho could be found in that section of the
who could think so, whether he be Whig
or.Democrat. .
In addition to the testimonials to which I have
referred, there was a letter written by Mr. Prior,
who was the presidential elector for that district,
a Whig gentleman of high character and standing,
and a lawyer practicing in the supreme court at
Nashville, and who was and had been for many
years acquainted with the# character and capa-
city of the marshal—to the department, strongly
soliciting the continuance in office of Mr. Clem-
ens. This letter was also on file in the depart-
ment. After Mr. Clemens'* removal, Mr. Prior
wrote another letter, addressed to him, which I
will ask the Secretary to read.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a point of order; and
that is merely this, wheiher, upon this question
of the establishment of this'board, it is in order
to discuss the character of the occupant of an
office who has been heretofore removed by the
President ?
Mr. BELL. I hope the Senator will allow my
colleague to go on, and not raise the point of
order.
m The PRESIDENT decided the point of order
to be well taken. The Chair had been unwilling
to interfere, but, the question being raised, was
bound to decide as it had.
Mr. BELL, i hope the Senate will permit this
debate to go on, and I desire a word of reply to
the Senator from Mississippi and then to my col-
league. I hope I may be allowed here to say that
I concur in all my colleague has said in regard
to the merits of Mr. Clemens. This I want to do
now.
Mr. TURNEY. I understand, then, I am not
permitted to speak in regard to any individual
case of removal which has occurred here or else-
where. Well, if I am not permitted to do so, i
'will postpone the remarks I had intended to submit
until some of these resolutions shall come up when
they will be in order. I wish to state briefly why
1 shall vote rigamst the proposition to amend, i
am one of those who entertain the opinion that
* this power of removal has been greatly abused,
and as much under the present Administration as
under any other which has preceded it—for it has
been abused, 1 doubt not, under Democratic Ad-
ministrations—and I agree that, in all cases where
removals have been made for opinion's sake, it is
an abuse of power; and I will add further, that, in
my opinion, there has not been a removal in the
State of Tennessee which was not an abuse of
power. Notwithstanding all this, I hold it to be
a sound conservative power, and one which ought
to exist. This board is to be nothing more nor
less than a Board of Auditors. They are to exer-
cise a controlling influence over the officers* of the
Treasury, and that too in the most delicate cases;
for an appeal is never taken where the Auditors
of the Treasury allow a claim. #!\.n appeal is only
to be taken under this bill, as 1 understand it, j
where the Auditor of the Treasury has rejected
the claim. 1 take an appeal, then, from the I
Auditor to this Board, and, upon their revising !
the claim, they are to have the power of issuing a i
requisition upon the Treasury. They can draw !
upon the Treasury, and draw the public money j
out of it They can revise the decision of the
Auditor. j
Mr. HUNTER. Before they can decide on \
such a case of appeal it must be referred to them !
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and it can as I
well be referred on the part of the United States as ;
on the part of the claimant. The Senator seems :
to be under the impression that it is only the claim-
ants who have rhe right to appeal; the heads of
Department can also appeal, if they, in their dis-
cretion, deem it proper.
Mr. TURNEY. I was very little wrong; for
the Secretary of the Department would never make
a reference unless there was great doubt in the
case. In other words, he would never make a ref-
erence to the Board until the Auditor had rejected !
the claim or given a decision adverse to the allow- j
ance of the claim. When that was done, the party j
claimant would apply to the Secretary, as is now j
often done when the Auditor rejects a claim, for the .
opinion of the Attorney General, whose decision 1
is final on the appl.cation. So here, under this ,
bill, where the auditor finds the claim a just one, '<
he allows it, and no one will take an appeal to this j
board. The board will only decide in such diffi- |
cult or doubtful cases as the Auditor cannot see his
way through, or in regard to which he feels that
the preponderance of testimony is adverse to the
claim.. These will be the only cases in behalf of
the Government which will find their way before
this board; and I am correct, therefore, in the sup-
position that the decision of this board would be
/final on the claim, and upon the warrant of the
board money would be taken out of the Treasury.
For one, I am unwilling—though I admit that this
power of removal has been greatly abused, and
perhaps will be as long as the Government exists
—to allow this board, with the control it will have
over the Treasury, to be entirely free from super-
vision by the President. Suppose they should be
guilty of corruption in the discharge of their duty,
will it be said that they must be permitted to go on
for months until Congress shall meet and the Pres-
ident place a statement of the facts before them,
to be acted on perhaps not for months thereafter?
I prefer to incur the hazard of the abuse of the
power of removal in the hands of the Executive;
and m this way I would endeavor to protect the
Treasury as far as I can from peculation. This is
my objection to the amendment. I desire the
power of removal m the President to exist in re-
gard to almost every officer, and particularly in
regard to those whose warrant can draw money
out of the Treasury; and no abuses of that power,
on account of political considerations, will induce
me to change what I regard to be a sound and
wholesome principle. 1 shall, therefore, vote
against the proposition to amend, and sustain the
bill as it was reported.
Mr. HALE. Unless 1 have misunderstood the
bill itself and the remarks of the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter] m introducing
it, the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Turney] is
entirely mistaken concerning the powers granted
to those officers to be appointed under the bill. I
do not understand that by this bill the commis-
sioners have any right to draw wariants on the
Treasury. Not at all, they aie simply to examine
into the cases, and then report upon them to Con-
gress, for an appropriation or not, as the case may
be. Is that not it?
Mr. HUNTER. They have additional power
to try cases founded on law and positive regula-
tions, now tried by the Auditors and Comptrollers.
Appeal is taken to them under the direction of the
Secretary of the Department, and such cases as
these they try upon appeal; they sit as a sort of
court of accounts. When, however, the claim is
founded upon equitable grounds, they only rec-
ommend to Congress.
Mr. HALE. Exactly. In all those cases now
tried by Congress, but which are to be referred to
this board, the boartl has no power to make a
draft upon the Treasury, and the only cases in
which they have a right to make a draft on the
Treasury are those which the accounting officers
of the Treasury now have a right to draw upon
the Treasury for; so that the creation of this
board does not confer upon these officers any new
power of making diafts on the Treasury, but it
remains exactly as it did before. I want to say a
few words m regard to the general question before
the Senate. I very much fear that the amendment
is defeated—dead. And why? Not because it is
not a wise measure, but some gentlemen seem to
think that this is not the time for it. They want
it to be in a separate resolution; but in my opinion
we should never get at the object we have in
view by that means till the end of time. They
want some general resolution, such as " Re-
solved that it is expedient that the President
of the United States should not make removals
without cause." I have no doubt that such
a resolution as that might pass; but, then, what
is it worth ? Not a straw. I contend that the
only time to give efficient action to a right prin-
ciple, is when there is an opportunity to make it
efficient, by incorporating it in a bill to go into
immediate action, as this bill is; and if gentlemen
believe that this principle is good, the best way to
give evidence of that belief is to give a vote in
favor of it. The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. -
Tur.vey] says that he shall vote against the amend-
ment. And why? Why, he says that so far as
the power of removal has had any operation at all
in the State of Tennessee, m every single instance
that has come under his observation, since the ,
present Administration have been m power, it has
been an abuse. In every solitary case the power I
has been abused; and yet the honorable Senator
is willing to continue this power of abuse, I sup-
pose, indulging a hope that the time may come—
in '52 or at some other time—when it will be in
hands with which he sympathises more than he
does with those who now hold it, and who may
possibly not be disposed to abuse their power.
Then there is the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Foote.] He points to the history of the exercise
of this power in his own State, and, according to
the eulogy which he has pronounced on them,
some of the most eminent, and excellent, and
worthy, and amiable men that have ever adorned
any office in any State, have fallen under the le-
gitimate operation of this very power, that it is
proposed to limit and restrain, and yet the gentle-
man is willing that such eminent, worthy, ami-
able, admirable officers as these should continue
to fall during the whole period of the existence of
this Administration, because he hopes undoubt-
edly 
Mr. FOOTE. Will my friend allow me one
moment? He appears to have understood me as
1 did not intend to be understood, i said distinct-
ly that at the right time, in a deliberate and formal
manner, I was prepared to debate this matter to
the full extent, and would aid any member of the
Senate in redressing the evil; but I did not wish
to act on it in connection with this matter.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Mississippi
had been listening to the remaiks I was addressing
to the Senate, he would not have interrupted me,
because I was endeavoring to answer that very
objection, that now is not--the time. Gentlemen
soothe their consciences by saying it is not the right
time to carry out the principle, although a good
one in itself. "Go thy way for this time, and
when I have a convenient season I will send for
thee," said the Roman governor to the Apostle
who urged upon his conscience a consideration of
the truths which he would have him listen to and
obey. Well, sir, the history may be imperfect,
but nothing is given us in the sacred record to
show that the Roman governor ever found a con-
venient time. It never arrived. It was only a
plea and an excuse by which he designed to put
off the consideration of pressing truths at that
time. So I fear it is with the Senator from Mis-
sissippi and the other gentlemen who see no objec-
tion to the principle, but think it is not the right
time. Sir, the right time will never come. Sup-
pose the next Presidential election should termi-
nate in accordance with the wishes of those who
are now opposing the present Executive—will
that be "the right time?" Oh, no sir. It will
then be found out that it was a very proper prin-
ciple to apply when the Administration were in
power who have just gone out, but now we have
got anotHer set of men m—pass it by for the pres-
ent. It is not " the right time'' now; we must put
it off, and look forward to some time when we
shall have a corrupt Administration. And when,
sir, shall we have a corrupt Administration by the
admission of its friends ? When that time comes
it will be about the time when gentlemen will be
willing to adopt this proposition.
Well, sir, I see that party discipline and party
prejudices and predilections are to be called upon
to oppose this measure. And here is a very curi-
ous state of things. Here is the party in power
willing to vote for the restriction, but the party out
of power look forward with so much stronger faith
to the day when they shall seize the power than
those thar have it do to their ability to hold on,
that while those that have the power are willing to
sacrifice U, those that have not the power will not
take the sacrifice, for fear that when their turn
comes the poisoned chalice will be returned to their
own lips. Now, I put it to every man on the other
side of the Chamber who hears ir e, to tell me, if
he can, upon what principle of Democracy, as de-
fined by '* the immortal Jefferson," or by the im-
mortal any-body-else, he is in favor of heaping
upon and continuing in the hands of a single man
this arbitrary power of removal?
If the principle embodied in this amendment  s
a good one, let us try it—try it upon thus one bill.
As has been said by sorne other Senator, the whole
field of removals beside this will be still open, and
we will have two principles operating at the same
time, and shall be able to see which operates best,
and whether that which makes them more inde-
pendent is not better than that which m-ikes them
entirely dependent on the Executive. It seems to.
