THE
GLOBE,
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIYES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION,
313t Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 1850.
New Serijss No. 128.
cer, soldier, or musician." I move that these
words be stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The PRES1 DENT. The Chair will state, also,
that in engrossing the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill there was a portion of it which was
supposed ta have been stricken out, and it was
therefore not engrossed. The'Chair will suggest
to the Senate to adiow the Secretary to aslT to
have the bill returned, that the correction may be
made.
The suggestion was agreed to.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial numerously
signed by citizens of Allegany county, Maryland,
praying a modification of the existing tariff laws,
by the substitution of specific for ad valorem du-
ties; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the memorial of
Rev. Howard Malcolm, and a number of others',
ministers of the Baptist denomination, praying
that the rates of postage upon letters and papers
may be reduced, and that bound books may be
eent by mail. The petitioners state that they are
prompted to 3olicit this reduction, that ties of
friendship may be promoted throughout the Union,
and that the intelligence of all our people may be
promoted. The memorial was read, and ordered
to be laid on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom had been referred
the report of the Secretary of State, relating to
suits instituted in courts of admiralty in the United
States against foreign vessels entering our ports,
reported the same back, accompanied by a report,
and asked to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the same, and that the report and papers
be printed; and the motion was agreed to.
THE WESTERN CHEROKEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom had been referred the me-
morial of the Western Cherokees, praying the set-
tlement of their "claims under the treaty of August,
1846, reported the same back, and on his motion the
committee was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same,
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committeeon Finance,
to whom had been referred the bill from the House
making appropriations for certain fortifications of
the United States for the year ending June 30,
1851, reported the same back without amendment.
SETTLEMENT OF ACCOUNTS FOR PRINTING.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which was
considered by unanimous consent and agreed to:
Resolced, That the clerk of the Committeeon Printing
of tlie Senate and the Secretary of the Senate be author-
ized to audit, certify, and allow ail accounts lor printing,
during tlie recess of Congress, in the same way as*is now
done by the Committee on Printing.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of Repre-
sentatives of the passage of the said resolution.
ANNALS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a joint resolution providing for the
distribution of the Annals of Congress;
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That of the thousand copies of the annals of Congress, con-
tracted foi by the Joint Committee on the Library of Con-
gress, by authority of the joint resolution, approved March
3, 1849, a furiher disuibuliou, as hnetofore, shaN be made
as follows: One copy to each member of the piesent Con-
gress not a member of the last Congress; one copy to the
President of the United States; ten copies to each of the
executive departments; five copies to the library of Con-
gress; fifty copies to the library oi the House of Represent-
atives ; twenty-five copies to the document room of the Sen-
ate, for ihe use of the Senate; six copies for the office ol
the Secretary of the Senate ; two hundred and fifty copies
to-colleges and literary institutions; twenty-five copies for
international exchange; one copy to each State and Tern- ,
tory ; and the residue to he deposited m the Department of
Stato, hubjeet to the future disposition of Congress.
In presenting the resolution, Mr. P. said: I ask
tor the immediate consideration of this resolution;
128
and if the Senate will listen a moment, I think
there will be no objection to considering it now.
These books were contracted for under the author-
ity of a joint resolution. They are now ready for
delivery, and are offered to us, but the library has
no room in which to put then*. They are, there-
fore, likely to be left out in the entries of the Cap-
itol, unless we make some distribution or adopt
some plan for their safe-keeping. By the resolu-
tion which authorized the committee to contract
for them, one copy was given to each member of
the last Congress. I propose to give a copy to
each member of the present Congress who has not
received it as a member of the last Congress. Then
I propose to give two hundred and fifty copies to
colleges and literary institutions, a certain number
to the heads of departments, some to the Librarv
of Congress, some to the Library of'the Senate,
and some to the Library of the House. That will
pretty nearly dispose of all of them. At all events,
if that method of distribution is not adopted, there
must be some place provided to put them in. i
hope the Senate will adopt the resolution.
The resolution was considered in Committee of
the Whole, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was subsequently read a ttiird time, and
passed.
PORTRAITS OF PRESIDENTS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Joint
Committee on the Library, to whom had been re-
ferred the memorial of William E. McMaster,
praying that he may be authorized to paint full
half-length portraits of all the Presidents, to be
placed in the President's House, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same.
Mr. D. said: In making this motion, I wish to
state that this motion is not to be considered as a
criticism on his style or a decision on his merits.
It merely implies that the Library Committee pie-
fer taking portraits already completed to author-
izing the making of them.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
were discharged from the further consideration of
the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Joint
Committee on the Library, reported the following
joint resolution; which was read a first and second
time by unanimous consent, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole:
A joint resolution authorizing the Joint Committee on the
Library to purchase certain portraits of the urst five Presi-
dents of ttie United States, now in the Congressional
Library.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States oj Jlmurita in Congress a-ssembled, Thai
the Joint Committee on tiie Library be and hereby is authot-
ized to purchase the portraits of the first five Presidents of
the United States, now m the Congressional Library : Pro-
vided, That they do not cost more than §5u0 each.
Mr. D. I would state that the committee re-
ported in favor of the purchase of these portraits
some years ago, at a cost not exceeding $1,000
each. The memorial of the executor of Mr. Stuart
refers to that, and he says he would consider $1,000
a fair price. They are known to be genuine por-
traits by Stuart. Mr. Adams, when a member of
the Committee on the Library, gave some infor-
mation on that point. The Joint Committee have
no doubt that these are genuine portraits by Stuart,
though they do not consider them the best of his
style. But the Joint Committee have thought
proper to limit the price which shall be paid for
these portraits to $500 each.
No amendment having been offered, the resolu-
tion was reported to ihe Senate.
Mr. WINTHROP. i most cordially concur
in the object of this resolution; but I greatly fear
that the limitation which is proposed by the
Library Committee will defeat the object which
the Senator from Mississippi has suggested'. It
so happens that I have just this moment received
a letter by mail fiom the gentleman who is the
agent of these portraits, in which he expresses a
willingness to sell them for $5,000—£1,000 apiece, i
(The committee only propose $500 each, or $2,500-  
I feel bound to state, from my own personal j
knowledge, that within the last few years i have j
known a portrait of Washington, by Stuart, simi- I
lar in all respects to the one which is to be pur-
chased under this resolution, to be sold in the
city of Boston for $1,000 'That is there consid-
ered to be the value of his portraits. I shall offer
no amendment; but I make this sugge-tion.
Mr. t>AVIS, of Mississippi. 1 agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts, that very probably
we cannot obtain these portraits for the price pro-
posed in the resolution. That is a question, how-
ever, for the House and the Senate to decide. The
committee determined to putin the limitation or re-
striction on the price. We all know that the
portraits of such an artist as Stuart increase in
value very rapidly, in course of time. They can-
not be replaced. He was personally acquainted
with the first five Presidents. His portraits, I
think, have the value which the Senator from
Massachusetts ascribes to them, and 1 doubt very
much whether they, can be obtained for the price
named in the resolution.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was subsequently
read a third time, and passed.
RESOLUTION—EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 desire to modify the res-
olution of the Senate in regard to taking a-recesa
and going into executive session in the evening, so
far as relates to the executive session. I desire to
have it under our control, so that it may be dis-
cretionary with the Senate whether it will transact
executive business in the evening or not. I there- '
fore move to strike out that part which confines
the business to that of an executive character.
Mr. RUSK I hope the modification will be
made. It will be with difficulty that we shall be
able to get through with the appropriation bills
unless we dispose of them to-night. To-morrow
night, if we do any business, we may as well de-
vote to executive business as to-night
Mr. PRATT^ The proposition is, that the res-
olution be so modified that we may transact busi-
ness with open doors, if we please.
Mr. DICKINSON. Yes; if we please.
Mr. PRATT. Well, if we make the modifica-
tion, I think we will please to do it. I think there
is no necessity to meet here in open session in the
night. Past experience shows that no good will
result from it. I had rather the resolution should
remain as it is, and if we have a night session, let
it be an executive one, or that we should rescind
the resolution entirely.
Mr. DICKINSON. I had rather myself sit
right on without a recess, because I think it is a
waste of time to have night sessions; but I chose
to modify the resolution in that form, so that we
could have the tune at our control.
Mr. YULEE. This resolution is not before the
Senate, I believe.
The PRESIDENT Notice was given yester-
day of the proposed modification, and it comes up
this morning.
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope the motion to.rescind
that part of the resolution will be adopted.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSION TO LIBERIA.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senate have called
upon the Secretary of State for the report of the
Rev Mr. Gurley, who went to Liberia as an agent
of the Government. That report has been tar-
nished, and the Senate have ordered it to be printed.
I now move that five thousand additional copies
of that report be printed for the use of the Senate,
t am told that the printing of this additional number
of copies will only cost about $200. I think the
document is well worthy of circulation among the
people.
Mr. CLAY. I feel bound to express a wish
that the motion just made may prevail*- I know
the person who was sent by the Executive Govern-
ment to Liberia to collect information contained in
this report, and I believe he is worthy of confi-
dence and regard. I believe this report wtil be a
document that will be read with great satisfaction
by a large portion of the people; and I leirn that
the" expense of printing these extra copies will
not be very much. I therefore hope that there
