1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
939
me that the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Tur-
ney] supposes a very extreme case when he im-
agines that this board might be corrupt, and go on
making corrupt decisions without there being any
power of removal until the meeting o£ Congress.
Why does it not apply, also, to all the judges
under constitutional authority, the judges of the
Supreme Court and the district courts of the United
States? Why do we not suppose that they may
go on continually making corrupt decisions, and
then ask if such a principle is to apply to them ?
I had prepared, at the suggestion of a friend for
whose judgment 1 have a very high respect,
another amendment, which I am perfectly willing
to propose, provided this salutary principle be
'ingrafted on the bill. It is, " That whenever the
President of the United States sees cause, in his
opinion, for the removal of any one of the commis-
sioners aforesaid, he may suspend him from said
office until the close of the next ensuing session of
the Senate." I should be perfectly willing to see
such an amendment as that introduced, and then,
in case of any such contingency as that anticipated
by the honorable Senator from Tennessee, the
President of the United States, by virtue of his
power, might suspend any individual from the
discharge of the functions of his office until after
the close of the next session of Congress, when
the whole matter would be laid before the Senate,
and they would judge whether there was sufficient
cause for his removal or not.
I do hope, sir, that in some way'or other we
shall secure the insertion of this principle in this
bill, and it does seem to me exceedingly strange
that when gentlemen admit and declare that the
operation of the principle now under discussion is
deleterious, wrong, and contrary to the spirit and
intention of the Constitution, yetthey areunwilling
to attempt a remedy in a single specified case.
Now, let me say this much in regard to those
who choose to act with reference to prospective con-
siderations which belong to the next Presidential
election. There is nothing—not even the proph-
ecies of the almanac-makers as to the weather—
which is so uncertain and so little to be relied upor.
as these calculations about the Presidency. The
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] knows this
as well as anybody. And, sir, there is nothing
in the indications of the present which throws
any light upon the future. The light that is thrown
upon the future only shows how great is the dark-
ness, and it is therefore utterly unwise and foolish
to suspend the application of a wholesome prnciple
in legislation upon the happening of any contin-
gency so doubtful as that is, into whose hands the
power shall fall for three or four years, or a longer
period, as the case may be. Here, then, is a prin-
ciple to-day admitted to be wise—admitted to aim
atagreatabuse—an abuseuniversal in s<#heStates,
and yet it is not to be adopted for fear of ulterior
and remote consequences.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have looked over this
bill, sir, about which so much has been *said 
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend give way for a
motion to adjourn ?
Several Senators. Oh, let us finish this busi-
ness first.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did not intend to make
a long speech, but I will yield to the wishes of my
friend from South Carolina.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 8, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER announced the first business in
order to be the consideration of the special order,
being the bill providing for the taking of the sev-
enth census of the United States.
Mr. INGE rose and asked to be excused from
serving on the committee appointed on motion of
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stan-
ly.] He briefly stated (but in a tone entirely in-
audible to the reporter) his reasons for making
the request.
The question being taken, the motion was agreed
to.
So Mr. Inge was excused.
On motion by Mr. HO WARD, the report made
by him from the Committee on Indian Affairs, on
the 24th inst., in compliance with a resolution of
the House, respecting the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo, on the subject of Indian incursions, was
prdered to be printed.
SEVENTH CENSUS.
The SPEAKER again announced the business
regularly in order to be the consideration of the
census bill, which had last evening been reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union—the question pending being, first, on
agreeing to such of the amendments of the com-
mittee as had not been agreed to, and were to be
voted upon separately.
CLERIC TO MARSHALS.
The first of these amendments being under con-
sideration, to strike from the 9th section, which
provides for the pay of the marshals, the following
words, viz:
"And when the compensation does not in the whole ex-
ceed the sum ol five hundred dollars, a reasonable allow-
ance for cb rk hire shall be made, the amount whereof shall
be determined by the Secretary of the Interior"—
And to insert in lieu thereof the following^ viz:
"And the Secretary of the Interior shall render to the
marshals and assistant marshals of the territories such com-
pensation for their services as he shail deem just and equi-
table"—
Mr. CAMPBELL asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not oidered.
The SPEAKER propounded the question, and
proceeded to count the affirmatives, announcing
68 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. Would it
be in order for me to call Tor the reading of the
amendment at this time ? It is not understood in
this quarter of the House.
The SPEAKER. The House is now dividing,
and it is not strictly in order to interrupt the
voting. The amendment has been read by the
Clerk.
A voice: There's a great difference of opinion
as to what it is.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now again
read the amendment, and the Chair would call the
attention of the House to the reading.
The question was again taken, and resulted
ayes 88.
The noes were not counted—the question being
given up by the negative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question now being on concurring with the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in their amendment striking from the twentieth
section of the bill the following, viz:
" Provided, however, That ail printing, except the blank
tables, shall be executed according to the fifteenth section
o( the act approved the 18th of May, 1842, and the Census
Board shall have charge of printing said blanks"—
And insertingin lieu thereof the following, viz:
" And to enable him the better to discharge these duties,
he is hereby authorized and required to appoint a suitable
and competent person, a  superintending clerk, who shall,
under his direction, have the gener.il management of matters
appertaining thereto, with the privilege of franking and re-
ceiving free ofchaige all official documents and letters con-
nected therewith; and tho said Secretary shall also appoint
such clerks and other officers as may be necessary fiom
time to tune for the efficient management of said service.
And the compensation to lie allowed and paid to the officers
connected with the Census Office shall as follows : tor
the superintending clerk, two thousand five hundred dol-
lars per annum, in full for his services; and for other assist-
ants and cleiks the compensation usually paid for similar
services, to be fixed and allowed by the Secietary of the
Interior: Provided, That no salary io assistant and clerks
u der this bill shall exceed the sum of one thousand dollars
per annum. The blanks and preparatory printing for taking
the census shall be prepared and executed under the direc-
tion of the Cen-us Board; the other printing hereafter to
be executed as Congress shall direct."
The question was put, and it passed in the
affirmative.
FUTURE CENSUSES.
The next amendment being under consideration,
as follows: j|
Be it enacted, ^c , That this act shall continue in force '!
until altered or repealed ; and if no otiier law be parsed pro- !
vidingforthe taking of anysubsequentcensus of the United ■'
Slates, on or beioie the fir-t day of January of any year
when, by the Constitution of the United Stales, any future j
enumeration of the inhabitants thereof is required to be
taken, such census shall, in all things, be taken and com- ii
pleted according to the provisions of "tins act. |j
The question was taken, and decided in the af- \\
firmative without a division. j|
So the amendment was agreed to. j;
THE NUMBER OF REPRESENTATIVES.
The next amendment reported from the com-
mittee was the following:
And be it further enacted, That from and afier the third
day of March, one thousand eight hundred and fiftv-three,
the flouse of Repiesentauves shall be composed of two
hundredjtnembers, to be apportioned among the several
States in*ihe manner directed in tb^Dexteecuoirof tjrjs act.
Jind be xl jui tker enacted, That so soon as the next and
each subs( quent enumeration of the inhabitants oHlUfsfv-
eral States, directed by the Constitution ol the Unit* d States
to be taken, shall be completed and returned to the office of
rhe Department of the Interior, it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of thelntenoi to ascertain the aggregate represent-
ative population of the United States hyad-ding to the whole
number of free persons in ail the Stales, including those
bound to service for a term of years, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three-fifths of all other persons; which aggregate
population he shall divide by the number two hundred,and
the product ol such division, rejecting anj fi action of an
unit, il any such happen lo remain, shall be the rano or rule
of apportionment of representatives- among the several States
under such enumeiahon ; and the said Secretaiy ol the De-
partment of the Internjr shall then proct e in the same man-
ner to ascertain the representative population of each State,
and to divide the whole numbei of the lepresentative. popu-
lation of each State, by the ratio already det< mimed by him
as above directed, and the product of this la-=t division shall
be tiie number of Representative* apportioned to &uch Siate
unde. the then last eituruuati u : X^rocided, That lite loss
in the numbei of members caused by tht tractions lemam-
mg in the several Stati s on the division of the population
thereof, shah be compensated for b> assigning to so many
States having the largest fractions one additional member
each for its fraction, as may be necessary to make the whole
number o Representatives two hundred: JSndprovided also,
That if, after the apportionment of the Repiesentatives,
under the next or any subsequent census, a new State or
States shall be admitted into the Union, the Repieeentative
or Representatives assigned to such new Siate or States
shall be in addition to the number of Representatives herein
above limited; whith excess of Representatives over two
hundred shall only continue until the next succeeding ap-
portionment of Representatives under the next succeeding
censuv.
Be it further enacted, That when the Department of the
Interior shall have apportioned the Representatives in the
manner above directed among the several State?., under the
next or any subsequent enumeration of the inhabitants of
the United States, he shall,as soon as practicable, make out
and transmit, under the -eal of his office, to the H<mse of
Representative^, a certificate ot the numbei of members ap-
portioned to each State under the then la t enumt ration;
and shall hkt wise make out and transmit without d< J<iy to
the Executive ol each State a ceitificaie undei his seal of
office of the number of members apportioned to each State
under such last enumeration*
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, had yes-
terday moved to amend this amendment by in-
serting after the words two hundred where they
occurred, the words "thirty-three," so as to make
the number of representatives two hundred and
thirty-three.
And the question was put on the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, and other gen-
tlemen, demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES inquired of the Speaker if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson]
had moved to amend the proposition moved by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] in com-
mittee, and reported by the committee, in any other
place than where the number 200 first occurred—•
by.inserting after 200, the number 33? He be-
lieved the change had been made by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania in no other place; if so
there was no provision for distributing the defi-
ciency under 233 members to those Slates having
the largest fractions.
The SPEAKER'said it was for the House to
determine the construction of the amendment and
to vote accordingly.
Mr. CLEVELAND called for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordeied.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said he
supposed the number 233 would be substituted for
the number 200 wherever the latter number oc-
cuired in the amendment of the committee. If
the number 233 were inserted, the change m the
several places lollowed as a matter of course, being
neccssary to preserve the consistency of the
amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said he pre-
sumed there would be no objection in the House
to making the change apply to all the parts of the
amendment where the number occurred.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
changes will be made as designated. The Chair
is not aware that there is any other part of the
amendment to which the amendment to the amend-
ment applies. It is journalized by the Clerk as
applying- to the first part only.
Mr. JONES objected to any changes:
Mr. W1NTHROP rose (he said) to a sugges-
tion of order. He believed the Parliamentary
Manual expressly provided for cases like this,
that where an amendment was made to a part of
