1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2035
improvements, and now an average value of land
to be distributed per capita among the half-breeds
will be altogether unjust to those who have made
valuable improvements. It is their property on-
the faith of the Government. They have improved
it, and they should be allowed to retain it. If the
crowding white population makes it desirable that
the half-breeds should be removed, let each man
sell his own land which he has improved, and if
half what is said of their intelligence and of their
rapid advancement to civilization be true, we
hazard nothing in leaving it to themselves to dis-
pose of their own possessions. I am, therefore,
altogether opposed to the purchase by the United
States, ^et the half-breeds sell what is their own
to those who will give them for it what-they be-
lieve to be its value. The United States have neces-
sarily no connection with the transaction.
The cost is a thing into which I will not enter
further than to say to the Senator from Iowa that
the cost of surveying the land must be greatly over
that of the ordinary survey of public lands, for
there can be no just survey save that which will
award to each of the inhabitants there that which
he now claims. Their settlement has not been
made under sections and township lines, and the
consequence would be that it would very often j
happen that in subdividing according to the oidi-i
nary mode of survey you would put the house on j
one side and the field on the other. You would !
have to survey, therefore, with a view to the set- i
tjement, and not in the ordinary'mode of surveying !
the public lands of the United States. ° !
I think this whole thing objectionable. As 11
said before, I do not propose to go into the ques- j
tion of the rate we are to pay. These half-breeds |
have incorporated their labor in the land. It is, j
then, theirs. Let tnem sell it for their own advan-1
tage. or, if they do not choose to sell it, leave them j
where their condition and local attachment render
them anxious.to remain. j
Mr. WALKER. The difficulty with the prop- i
osition of the Senator from Mississippi is this:'
These half-breeds have no more power to sell this ;
land to individuals or to dispose of it as individuals .
than any other Indians in the United States. It is .
expressly stipulated in the treaty that this land shall i
be held by the half-breeds in the same manner that ]
lands are held by all the Indians in the territory of;
the United States. These lands never have been
subdivided among them, nor are they in point of fact
citizens of the United States, though they have ;
had some of the rights of citizens given to them :
by the Legislature of Minnesota. They can, there- .
fore, never dispose of these lands. They have been '
for twenty years disappointed in getting a division
amongst them so that they can occupy it sepa-
rately. They are therefore holding it in gross,
without the power to dispose of it to Indians, and i
they are fast becoming debased, drunken, and J
worthless. Civilization is doing them no good. I
It is with them just as it has been with other In-
dians. A necessity, therefore, seems to be im-
posing itself on the Government of acquiring the
title to the land that it may be disposed of to the
whites. The half-breeds request it themselves.
The power to occupy it separately or to dispose of
it in gross is not in them, unless this act passes
authorizing the President to make a purchase.
The question was then taken on the amendment, !
and it was rejected by a division of 17 to 20.
Mr. ATCHISON submitted the following amend-
ment:
" For the erection of buildings for the Chippewa sub-
agency, $3,000."
After the reading of a communication from the
Department of the Interior recommending the ap-
propriation, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I hope I shall have the attention
of the Senate for a few moments, and they shall
be very few. I propose to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
<t ppc. — .find be it furtha cnadeil, That the accounting
officer-* of the Treasury be and are hereby directed to audit
and settle the accounts of the companies of Texas muumed
rangers, commanded by Caplasiis B F. Hill, J- M. Smith,
J. Roberts, J. S. Sutton, S. P. Ro-s U. E. McCulloch, J.
W. Johnson, and • . Blackwell, who were retained in or
called into service by the Governor of said State, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
I desire to occupy the attention of the Senate
but a few minutes, to explain the reason for that
amendment. At the close of the Mexican war a
general order Was issued to disband all the volun-
teer troops that were then in the service of the
United States, on a particular day. The regular
troops had been withdrawn from the State of Tex-
as, and by order of the President certain volunteer
companies had been selected to defend her fron-
tier. Under this general order, therefore, those
troops were disbanded, and there were no other
troops of the United States there at the time to
take their place, which left the entire frontier ex-
posed. The Governor of the State, under these
circumstances, retained a few of the companies
for the purpose of protecting the frontier. After-
wards, and recently, a portion of the country
which had not before been much exposed became
exposed to the frequent depredations of large bands
of Indians, who destroyed or carried off the prop-
erty of the inhabitants. It was impossible for
General Brooke to furnish from his command,
then in Texas, companies for the immediate pro-
tection of this part of the State. The Governor
then called out two companies to protect it. They
were called out for very short service, and after
very short service were disbanded by the Gover-
nor. General Brooke immediately recalled the
same companies into the service, and placed them
at the same place. Under the authority of law,
therefore, the accounting officer of the ^Treasury
cannot pay these troops unless it is by an appro-
priation by Congress for that purpose. The
amount that remains unpaid is for the service of
the troops. The supplies of the troops have been
furnished and paid for under the direction of Gen-
eral Brooke; further than that he had not, nor had
the accounting officers of the Treasury, authority
to go. I have called upon the Adjutant General
to make an estimate, and he says he cannot do so
exactly, in consequence of the discharge roll of
two of the companies not yet having reached the
office of the Adjutant General. The estimate he
furnishes me is about seventy-one thousand dol-
lars, but he says it will probably be more than
that. The reason the discharge rolls of the two
companies have not reached the department here
is, that the messenger dispatched with them to
Austin was killed on the way by the Indians,
with the discharge rolls in his possession. That
is the whole matter. I hope the arnendtaent will
be adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know whether
there is any communication from the War De-
partment on this subject? Perhaps the Senator
from Texas can infoim me. We do not know
what this will amount to. It has been sprung
upon us suddenly; 1 think it ought to be investi-
gated.
Mr. RUSK. The matter has undergone the
examination of two committees. The committee
of the House of Representatives have reported a
bill with a report, which is too long, or 1 would
ask to have it read. The Committee on Military
Affairs of the Senate have also investigated the
matter and reported on it, and it is their resolution
which I offer as an amendment. I have also a
letter from the Adjutant General's Office, which I
will read:
War Department.
•Adjutant QeneraVs Office, September II, 1850.
Sir: In repiy to your note of this date requesting an esti- I
mate ol the amount necessary for the payment of several !
companies of Texas troops called out by the Governor of ;
that State since 1848.1 respectfully inform you that, on con- ;
suKation at the Pay department, it appears that about seventy- 1
two thousand two hundred dollars will be required for the
six companies commanded respectively by Captains Ross,
Hill, McCulloch, Smith, Roberts, and Sutton; but it is best to
say seventy-five thousand dollar*, as the estimate must not
be regarded as very precise. Foi the other two companies,
of wliwh mustei rolls have never been received at the de-
partment, about one third of the amount above specified
would seem to be requisite
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
R.JONES, J2tlju.ta.nt General.
Hon. T. J. Rcsk, United States Senate,
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is
certatnly one of those cases that requires special
examination. We cannot enter into the merit of
these claims of States and individuals m general
appropriation bills. It is impossible that Senators
can examine them with sufficient care ar.d atten-
tion. I know it is useless to resist these amend-
ments; but, sir, the bill appropriates already nearly
double the amount which it appropriated when it
came from the House. I believe we are going to
have the largest amount of appropriations at this
session that we have ever had. Where the money ,|
is to come from I do not know. We ought to re- '
member that pay day is to come, and give a little
mors examination to amendments which may be
offered. I will not undertake to prejudge the
claim presented by the Senator from Texas. It
may be very just and proper, but it is a matter
which should be considered separately, and not
attached to this bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the claim
entirely a just one. It remains for the Senate to
decide whether they will put it in the appropria-
tion bill or not. The claim has been before the
Senate in a separate bill. It has undergone sepa-
rate and, 1 believe, very full examination. It was
considered by the Committee on Military Affairs,
and I will state to the Senate the facts on which
they had to report. In the State of Texas a cer-
tain number of volunteer militia, or rangers, as
they were called, were employed during the war
with Mexico to hold the Indians in check upon the
Texan frontier. When all the volunteers were
disbanded at the close of the war, it seems that
we neglected to consider the case of the borders of
Texas. These rangers who had been* employed
there should not have been disbanded until the
regular troops could supply their places; but, for-
getting the special case, they came under the Gen-
eral order disbanding all the volunteer militia who
had been called into service during the war. The
consequence was, that the frontier of Texas would
have been exposed to Indian depredations at every
point but for the fact that the Governor of Texas
ordered the rangers to remain in service. They
did so until General Btooke,as stated by the Sen-
ator from Texas, ariived in Texas, when a por-
tion of them were disbanded, and another portion
ordered to the very points they occupied before the
troops arrived. The whole question now is, whether
we will assume the services of the volunteer com-
panies of Texas who were retained in service, by
order of the Government, after the general order
disbanding all the volunteers. It seems to me that
there car  be no question about the propriety of it.
They were necessary to restrain the Indians, as
was shown by their being ordered to service, and
being required at a subsequent period after the ar-
rival of the troops. It is further shown by the
fact that even now, with all the increase of troops,
murders and devastation, of which we hear by
every mail, are still occurring on the frontier of
Texas.
It remains for the Senate to decide whether they
will put this amendment in the appropriation or
not. I never had a doubt that the joint resolution
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs
would have passed the Senate if we could have got
it up; but, having failed to get it up, the Senator
from Texts now, as I think very properly, moves
to amend the appropriation bill in conformity with
the joint resolution lying on the table.
Mr. PEARCE. The authority of the United
States over the Indians of Texas is not recognized
by Texas; at least we are not admitted to exer-
cise the same authority over them as we do over
other Indians. We have the same claim for their
lands certainly, but I have understood that there is
great doubtat the department how far the power of
the Government over these Indians extends, and
what are the relations between them and the United
States. It seems to me that before we act m this
matter it would be a good thing if we were to con-
sider the whole subject and determine what those
relations are, and what are the duties of the Gov-
ernment in regard to suppressing depredations. I
think it would be decidedly better to consider this
subject in a separate bill.
Mr. RUSK. I will not detain the Senate long,
but I must answer one or two of the observations
of the Senater from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce.]
The Constitution of the United States places the
Indian tiibes in every State under the exclusive
jurisdiction of the United States. Of this there is
no question—none on earth. The only difference
would be with regard to the lands when the titles
were extinguished, that the lands belong to Texas
and not to the United States. I take it that there
is another thing, clear beyond all dcubt, and that is
that it is the duty of the United States to protect
the States against all enemies, Indians as well as
others They have been in the performance of this
duty, but owing to an error committed at the time
of disbanding the troops, after the late war, the
frontier was left unprotected. The Governor of
Texas, as he had a right ts do and ought to have
done, protected the frontier. It is clearly shown
by the reports of these two committees that these
troops were absolutely necessary to protect the
