944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8.
danger again approaches. Therefore, I say, if a
reckless and self-sustaining majority shall trample
upon her rights, if the constitutional equality of
the States is to be overthrown by force, private
and political rights to be borne down by force
of numbers, then , sir, when that victory over con-
stitutional rights is achieved, the shout of triumph
which announces it, before it is half uttered, will
be'ehecked by the united, the determined action of
the South, and every breeze will bring to the ma-
rauding destroyers of those rights the warning,
Woe, woe to the riders who trample them down! I
submit the report and resolutions, and ask that
they may be read and printed for the use of the
Senate.
REPORT PROM THE COMMITTEE OF THIR-
TEEN.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I have risen to
present to the Senate a report from the Committee
of Thirteen, which was appointed some weeks
ago.
The report is of some length, sir, and there
have been some erasures and alterations in it; and
therefore, if the Senate will allow me, there may be
some expediency in reading it myself. If there is
no objection, I will do so.
" The Senate's Committee of Thirteen, to whom
were referred various resolutions relating to Cal-
ifornia, to other portions of the territory recently
acquired by the United States from the Republic
of Mexico, and to other subjects connected with
the institution of slavery, have, according to or-
der, had these resolutions and subjects under
consideration, and beg leave to submit the fol-
lowing report:
" The committee entered on the discharge of
their duties with a deep sense of their great im-
portance, and with earnest and anxious solicitude
to arrive at such conclusions as might be satisfac-
tory to the Senate and to the country. Most of
the matters referred have been not only subjected
to extensive and serious public discussion through-
out the country, but to a debate m the Senate it-
self, singular for its elaborateness and its duration;
so that a full exposition of all those motives and
views which, on the several subjects confided to
the committee, have determined the conclusions at
which they have arrived, seems quite ^necessary.
They will, therefore, restrict themselves to a few
general observations, and to some reflections which
grow out of those subjects.
" Out of our recent territorial acquisitions, and
in connection with the institution of slavery, ques-
tions most grave have spiung, which, greatly divi-
ding and agitating the people of the United States,
have threatened to disturb the harmony, if not to
endanger the safety, of the Union. The commit-
tee helieve it to be highly desirable and necessary
speedily to adjust all those questions, in a spirit of
concord, and in a manner to produce, if practica-
ble, general satisfaction. They think it would be
unwise to leave any of them open and unsettled,
to fester in the public mind, anu to prolong, if not
aggravate, the existing agitation. It has been their
object, therefore, in this report, to make such pro-
posals and recommendations as would accomplish
a general adjustment of all those questions.
"Among the subjects referred to the committee
which command their first attention, are the reso-
lutions offered to the Senate by the Senator from
Tennessee, Mr. Bell. By a provision in the res-
olution of Congress annexing Texas 10 the United
States, it is declared that ' new States of conve-
' nient size, not exceeding four m number, in addi-
* tion to said State of Texas, and having sufficient
' population, may hereafter, by the consent of said
' State, be formed out of the territory thereof,
* which shall he entitled to admission under the pro-
visions of the Federal Constitution; and such
' States as may be formed out of that portion of
' said territory lying south of 36° 30' north luti-
1 iude, commonly known as the Missouri compro-
1 mise line, shall be admitted into the Union with
' or without slavery, as the people of each State
' asking admission may desire.'
"The committee aie unanimously of opinion,
that whenever one or more States, formed out of
the territory of Texas, not exceeding four, having
sufficient population, with the consent of Teias,
may apply to be admitted into the Union, they are
entitled to such admission beyond all doubt, upon
the clear, unambiguous and absolute terms of the
solemn compact contained in the resolution of an-
nexation adopted by Congress and assented to by
Texas. But, whilst the committee conceive that
the right of admission into the Union of any new
States carved out of the territory of Texas, not
exceeding the number specified, and under the
conditions stated, cannot be justly controverted,
the committee do not think that the formation of
any such new States should now originate with
Congress. The initiative, in conformity with the
usage which has heretofore prevailed, should be
taken by a portion of the people of Texas them-
selves, desirous of constituting a new State with
the consent of Texas. And in the formation of
such new State, it will be for the people composing
it to decide for themselves whether they will
admit orwill exclude slavery. And however they
may decide that purely municipal question, Con-
gress is bound to acquiesce, and to fulfill in good
faith the stipulations of the compact with Tex-
as. The committee are aware that it has been
contended that the resolution of Congress annex-
ing Texas was unconstitutional. At a former
epoch of our country's history, there were those
(and Mr. Jefferson, under whose auspices the
treaty of Louisiana was concluded, was among
them) who believed that the States formed out of
Louisiana could not be received into the Union
without an amendment of the Constitution. But
the States of Louisiana, Missouri, Arkansas, and
Iowa have been all, nevertheless, admitted. And
who would now think of opposing the admission
• of Minnesota, Oregon, or other new States formed
: out of theancientprovince of Louisiana, upon the
ground of an alleged original defect of constitutional
power ? in grave national transactions, while yet
in their earlier or incipient stages, differences may
well exist; but when once they have been decided
by a constitutional majority, and are consummated,
or are in a process of consummation, there can be
no other safe arid prudent alternative than to re-
spect the decision already rendered, and to acqui-
esce in it. Entertaining these views, a majority of
;j the committee do not think it necessary or proper
!l to recommend at this time, or prospectively, any
!l new State or States to be formed out of the ter-
ii ritory of Texas. Should any such State be here-
!| after formed and present itself for admission into
j the Union, whether with or without the establish-
rrment of slavery, it cannot be doubted that Con-
gress will, under a full sense of honor, of good
i faith, and of all the high obligations arising out of
I the compact with Texas, decide, just as it will de-
cide under the influence of similar considerations
' in regard to new States formed of or out of New
' Mexico and Utah, with or without the institution
J of slavery, according to the constitutions and judg-
i ment of the people who compose them, as to what
jj may be best to promote their happiness.
"In considering the question of the admission
I of California as a State into the Union, a majority
I' of the committee conceive that any irregularity by
: which that State was organized without the pre-
| vious authority of an act of Congress ought to be
overlooked, in consideration of the omission by
i Congress to establish any territorial government for
j the people of California, and the consequent neces-
: sity which they were under to create a government
for themselves best adapted to their own wants.
' There are various instances, prior to the ca3e of
! California, of the admission of new States into the
; Union without any previous authorization by Con-
jl gress. The sole condition required by the Con-
stitution of the United States in respect to the
! admission of a new State is, that its constitution
shall be republican in form. California presents
;; such a constitution; and there is no doubt of her
ii having a greater population than that which, ac-
h cording to the practice of the Government, has
j1 been heretofore deemed sufficient to receive a new
1 State into the Union.
h " In regard to the proposed boundaries of Cali-
j' fornia, the committee would have been glad if
,1 there existed more full and accurate geographical
: know ledge of the territory which those boundu-
,! ries include. There is reason to believe that,
j, large as they are, they embrace no very dispropor-
J tionate quantity of land adapted to cultivation.
And it is known that they contain extensive ranges
of mountains, deserts of sand, and much unpro-
ductive soil. It might have been, perhaps, better
. to have assigned to California a more limited front
ji on the Pacific; but even if there had been reserved
! on the shore of that ocean a portion of the bound-
! | ary which it presents for any other State or States,
it is not very certain that an accessible interior of
sufficient extent could have been given to thein to
render an approach to the ocean through their own
limits of any very great importance.
" A majority of the committee think that there
are many and urgent concurring considerations in
favor of admitting California with the proposed
boundaries, and of securing to her at this time the
benefits of a State government. If, hereafter, upon
an increase of her population, a more thorough
exploration of her territory, and an ascertainment
of the relations which may arise between the peo-
ple occupyingjits various parts, it should be found
conducive to their convenience and happiness to
form a new State out of California, we have every
reason to believe, from past experience, that the
question of its admission will be fairly considered
and justly decided.
"A majority of the committee, therefore, rec-
ommend to the Senate the passage of the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Territories for the ad-
mission of California as a State into the Union.
To prevent misconception,jthe committee also rec-
ommend that the amendment reported by the
same committee to the bill be adopted, so as to
leave incontestable the right of the United States to
the public domain and other public property in
California.
" Whilst a majority of the committee believe it
to be necessary and proper, under actual circum-
stances, to admit California, they think it quite as
necessary and proper to establish governments for
the residue of the territory derived from Mexico, and
to bring it within the pale of the Federal authority.
The remoteness of that territory from the seat of the
General Government; the dispersed state of its
population, the variety of races—pure and mixed
—of which it consists; the ignorance of some of
the races of our laws, language, and habits; their
exposure to inroads and wars of savage tribes; and
the solemn stipulations of the treaty by which we
acquired dominion over them—impose upon the
United States the imperative obligation of extend-
ing to them protection, and of providing for them
government and laws suited to their condition.
Congress will fail in the performance of a high
duty if it does not give, or attempt to give, to
them the benefit of such protection, government,
and laws. They are not now, and for a long time
to come may not be, prepared for State govern-
ment. The territorial form, for the present, is
best suited to their condition. A bill has been re-
ported by the Committee on Territories dividing
all the territory acquired from Mexico, not com-
prehended within .the limits of California, into two
Territories, under the names of New Mexico and
Utah, and proposing for each a territorial gov-
ernment.
"The committee recommend to the Senate the
establishment of those territorial governments;
and, in order more certainly to secure that desirable
object, they also recommend that the bill for their
establishment be incorporated in the bill for the
admission of California, and that, united together,
they both be passed.
" The combination of the two measures in the
same bill is objected to on various grounds. It is
said that they are incongruous, and have no neces-
sary connection with each other. A majority of
the committee think otherwise. The object of
both measures is the establishment of government
suited to the conditions, respectively, of the pro-
posed new State and Of the new territories. Prior
to their transfer to the United States, they both
formed a part of Mexico, where they stood in
equal relations to the Government of that Republic.
They were both ceded to the United States by the
same treaty. And in the same article of that
treaty the United States solemnly engaged to pro-
tect and govern both. Common in their origin,
common in their alienation from one foreign Gov-
ernment to another, common in their wants of
good government, and conterminous m some of
their boundaries, and alike in many particulars of
physical condition, they have nearly everything
in common in the relations in which they stand to
the rest of this Union. There is, then, a general
fitness and propriety in extending the parental
care of Government to both in common, if Cali-
fornia, by a sudden and extraordinary augmenta-
tion of population, has advanced so rapidly as to
mature her for State government, that furnishes no
reason why the less fortunate Territories of New
Mexico and Utah should be abandoned and left
