2038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 27,
t res and charges which would reduce it to below
f Ut* millions of dollars, and of that amount they
were entitled to rcceive one third. But it is evident
that the accounting officer has made a mistake here
to the injury of the Cherokees West, for he has
charged them with one third of the $961,336 66,
the amount appropriated for carrying the Eastern
Cherokees to the western country, which they now
occupy. The Western Cherokees had removed
themselves. They removed themselves at their
own expense; and it is perfectly apparent that this
amount for the removal of the Eastern Cherokees
has been improperly charged to them.
Now, I know it would be altogether useless to
attempt to get the appropriation amended so as to
rectify this mistake We hear all round, and I
feel the force of it, of the great drafts that are nude
upon the Treasury during the present year, and i
know such an amendment would not be listened
to. Hut I have made this statement in order that
these people shall not be precluded hereafter from
showing that they have a just claim. The East-
ern Cherokees do not get more than they are en-
titled to, but the Western Cherokees get less. I
have made this statement to-day as the fuend of
those who have no friend here to take care of their
interests, in order that they shall not be hereafter
precluded from making a claim to that which is
justly due to them. They have been wronged by
the accounting officer in the settlement of this ac-
count. I state this merely that justice may here-
after be done to these people, and not with a view
of moving an amendment, which i have prepared
and should have offered had it been at an earlier
period of the session.
Mr. PEARCE. This amendment proposes an
appropriation of nearly a million and a half of dol-
lars. It may be all just and fair, foraught 1 know,
but there is not time now for the Seriate to investi-
gate it properly. There is one item, however, in
the amendment to which I suppose no objection
can well be made. The treaty of 1846 I believe
submitted two questions to the arbitration of the
Senate, one in regard to the amount due to these
Indians for expenses paid for subsistence, and im-
properly charged to the treaty fund. The Senate
by adopting the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs have decided that ques-
tion, and under that award the amount is due which
is charged in that portion of the amendment. The
Senate has also decided that the Indians are enti-
tled to interest at five per cent, upon all sums
which may be found due to them, and so far the
Senate has strictly carried out the authority con-
ferred upon them by the eleventh article of the
treaty of 1846 These were the subject matters of
the award of the Senate on that lesolution, and I
suppose it is pioper to put the sums thus awarded
into the bill. But I do not understand the Senate
to have recognized the sums as being due to In-
dians which are provided for in the other part of
the amendment. 1 therefore wish to stnke out
from the amendment all except that part which
provides an appropriation for the expenses paid for
subsistence and improperly charged to the treaty
fund; and another amendment should be made au-
thorizing the payment of interest on that amount.
I cannot say whether we may not be obliged to
pay the Indians the whole of the sum proposed in
the amendment, but I am not satisfied of it, and 1
do not think they ought to be put in the biil at this
time. The other items 1 have no objection to, as
I have already stated.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 have but a single remark
to make m reply to the objection urged by the gen-
tleman who has charge of this bill [Mr. Peakce]
to the appropriation for the additional items beyond
the award of the Senate. If his motion prevails
it presents tins difficulty, which is lather an absurd j
one, that we undertake the fulfillment of a part of i
the tieaty and leave the most embarrassing and per- J
plexing part unappropriated for. There is no [
reason why the amount ascertained in one mode j
under the tieaty should be preferred to the amount I
ascertained in another mode under the same treaty, j
The difference between the ieport of the Auditor !
and Comptroller on the one hand, and the award
of the Senate on the other, is this, that the general
settlement between the Eastern and the Western
Cherokees and the Government was left to be settled
according to the ordinary farm by which such ac-
counts aie adjusted under our Government—that
is, by the pioper accounting officers; but in refer-
er ce to another question they constituted a different
umpire, and prescribed a different manner in which
! the account should be se.tled; that was by the
■ reference of it to tiie Senate. Now, the Senate,
; in response to the obligations imposed on thern,
I have ascertained that so much money is due; their
j duty is discharged;and the Auditor and Comptrol-
ler, in reference to the subjects submitted to them,
which they had full and ample power to decide,
and with the same credit attaches! to their acts as
to those of the Senate, have discharged their duty
also, and responded to the questions submitted to
tLem, and there is no reason m ihe world why the
amount reported as due by the Auditor and Comp-
troller under one article of the treaty should not
be paid as well as that reported due by the Senate
under another article of tile treaty.
There is another point upon which I will make
a remark or two. Under a certain article of the
treaty, the Senate hasallovved interest, not only on
the subsistence, but on the whole amount found
due in any way warranted by the treaty. The
whole of the amounts are required to be discharged
by the Government tor the fulfillment of their treaty
obligations. The one is just as binding and oblig-
atory as the other. They all anse under the
same treaty; they all originate out of the same
transactions. The only difference is in the amount,
and in the mannei in which they have been ascer-
tained. One was ascertained in pursuance of the
treaty. The other under a joint resolution of both
houses of Congress This joint resolution is a
law, and to that extent the appropriation is not
only the fulfillment of the treaty, but it has also
received the additional sanction and authority of
law.
I fear we shall incur embarrassments by adopt-
ing the amendment suggested by the Si nator from
Maryland, in relation to this proposition. I hope,
therefore, it will not prevail. It would destroy the
greatest virtue which the report of the committee
possesses, that of making a final settlement be-
tween the Government and the Cherokee Indians.
Mr. ATCHISON, i trust that this appropria-
tion will be made. 1 think it will be a final settle-
ment, or nearly so, with the Cherokees, and if it
goes over to another session, I doubt not but that
their sagacity will. discover at least double the
amount due them by the Government. I there-
fore trust that wc shall make the appropriation
once for all.
Mr. VV HITCOMB. The last remark of the
Senator from Missouii, that he is apprehensive
that if the matter goes over till another session, the
sagacity of these Indians will enable them to dis-
cover that a great deal more is due to them than
they are really entitled to, suggests to my mind
that a great part of this amount anses fiom the
same ingenuity and sagacity, and i am therefore
disposed to throw it over, and go for the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. ATCHISON. That is to say, that the Sen-
ator, without knowing or inquiring whether these
claims are just or unjust, is willing to close the
door upon them at once, and strike out all except
the appropnatioii of §181),UUO.
Mr. BELL. I want the Senator from Maryland
to state a lit:ie more specifically the grounds upon
which he can with confidence ask the Senate to
reject these appropriations. I understand him to
state that he is willing that appropriation shall be
made for tnat amount which the sleriate have al-
ready settled by then award on the questions sub-
mitted to them for arbitrament betweerr the Chero-
kees and the Unrted States. Now, that award
extends to the wfiole fu-.d in one aspect of it, to
wit, interest upon the whole fund that may be
found due. Now, sir, 1 did understand this ques-
tion very well, and minutely one year ago The
question has been submitted dunng the present
Session more paiticulany to the Senator from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Sebastian,] and I m ry say, after
reading the report of that Honorable Senator, that I
have never beloie seen in this Senate a more com-
manding examination of the true questions pre-
sented in so brref a compass tn a matter so import-
ant. ^ jNothing is suppressed, nothing given a
coloring to, to affect the feelings or prejudices of
any one, bat the strict fine of justice is puisued
between the. Government and ihe Cherokees. 1
believe that when that report shall Nave stood the
scrutiny of half a dozen Congresses, if the subject
snould lie over so long, it will be found accurate,
not only in pnneiple, but in the amount reported.
Now, I ask the Senator from Arkansas if it is not
true that there is nor a cent of this appropriation
which is not demanded in fulfillment of ihe tieaty?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That is the case. Every
item reported by the committee is in fulfillment of
articles three or four of the treaty of 1846.
Mr. BELL. 1 will go on to state tnat, from the
time when the Indians emigrated, teji or twelve
years ago, to the lands insisted on by the Govern-
ment, fheie have been nothing but difficulties m
the settlement of their conflicting claims until 1846,
when a new treaty was made, in order to settle
finally and conclusively with the respective claim-
ants, eastern and western. That treaty of 1845
seem« to have been very maturely and carefully
considered. It was not final and conclusive, be-
cause certain questions were referred to the arbit-
rament of the Sen ite, which the Executive did not
choose to take the responsibility of deciding.
Since that time the subject has been thoroughly
examined. Theie have been half a dozen reports
on the subject from the Indian Department. It
has been referred over and over again to the ac-
counting officers to see if there was not some mis-
take, and if the amount could not be reduced.
Now, the question comes up under the treaty of
1846, after four years' considerafion, and it is said
that this is not rhe proper occasion or the proper
bill in which to settle it. Why, sir, this ought to
have been embraced in the bill by the House of
Repiesentatives. Itp.operly belonged to it; it is
for the purpose of carrying out an Indian treaty;
but the questions were not matured in time to be
satisfactory presented to the House of Representa-
tives. But are we less competent to acton this
question than the House of Representatives? The
House will have to act upon it upon the credit of
the faithful examinations that have been made, not
only by the Committee on Indian Affairs of this
body, but also by the Secietary of the Interiorand
the accounting olScers to whom it was referred. It
is an appropriation legitimate to the bill. It is for
carrying into execution Indian treaties, one of the
very objects which the hill contemplates. How
long shall it be postponed ? If any gentleman can
point out a plausible objection to any one item in
the bill, on a fair and proper construction of the
treaty, then let it be postponed, and let us continue
to be. worried and harassed about it. Gentlemen
speak of next session being only two months off.
The next session will only last three months; and
we shall then, as now, have down upon us all Cali-
fornia, for whom we have as yet legislated so little,
and for whose benefit some substantive legislation
will be imperatively and uigently demanded for the
purpose of carrying out our political relations with
that distant State. If we posipone this matter
now, it will be a postponement for two years.
The Senator from Maryland is very much opposed
to increasing the appropriations. Well, sir, we
ought all to be opposed to inci easing them improp-
erly, but we have no estimate raid before us that
might lead us to believe that there will be any de-
ficitin theTreasury; and, until that announcement
is made, I shall feel it to be my duty to appropri-
ate any money which may be necessary to enablo
the Government to fulfill their treaty obligations
with Indians as well as with foreign Powers of a
higher grade. It is said that the appropriat'nns
already amount to fifty or sixty millions. Well,
let them be eighty millions, if necessary to carry
out the laws and treaties which we have adopted
and entered into for the promotion of the general
interests and prosperity of the country.
Now that the members of the Finance Com-
mittee are in the habit of reviewing the work of
ihe other committees—and they say they have
not had time to examine into this matter—God
only knows where they could get the time !—and I
think it is a mistake of the^e gentlemen to ur.dtr-
take the review of the work of all the oilier com-
mittees— I have no objection to it; but it is a Hercu-
lean task even for my honorable friends ftoni New
York and Maryland, [Messrs. Dickivsom and
Pearce ] It is impossible for them to do it. 1
am not suipnsed that they have not had time to
see whether the Committee on Indian Affairs and
the officers of the depaitments have examined
these accounts with sufficient care It would take
the whole of three months to understand these
questions as the Senator from Arkansas, and per-
haps other members of the committee understand
them. And yet, because they cannot see that the
appropriation is correct in all respects—because
they have not had time to examine whether there
