THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MAY 10, 1850.
ungf.verned by the United States, or should be
disconnected with California, which, although she
has organized for herself a State government, must
be legally and constitutionally regarded as a ter-
ritory until she is actually admitted as a State in
the union.
" It is further objected, that, by combining the
two measures in the same bill, members who may
be willing to vote for one and unwilling to vote
for the olher would be placed in an embarrassing
condition. They would be constrained, itis urged,
to take or to reject both. On the other hand,
there are other members who would be willing to
vote for both united, but would feel themselves i
constrained to vote against the California bili if it !
stood alone. Each party finds m the bill which
it favois something which commends it to accept-
ance, and in the other something which it disap-
proves. The true ground, therefore, of the objee- ;
tion to the union of the measures, is not any want !
of affinity between them, but because of the favor
or disfavor with which they are respectively re- !
garded. In this conflict of opinion, it seems to a [
majority of the committee that a spirit of mutual i
concession enjoins that the two measures should '
be connected together; the effect of which will be,
that neither opinion will exclusively triumph, and
that both may find in such an amicable arrange-
ment enough of good to reconcile them to the
acceptance of the combined measure. And such
a course of legislation is not at all unusual. Few
laws have ever passed in which there were not
parts to which exception was taken. It is inex-
pedient/ if not impracticable, to separate these
parts, and embody them in distinct bills, so as to
accommodate the diversity of opinion which may
exist. The Constitution of the United States con-
tained in it a great variety of provisions, to some
of which serious objection was made in the Con-
vention which formed it by different members of
that body; and when it was submitted to the rati-
fication of the States, some of them objected to
some parts, and others to other parts of the same
instrument. Hs-d these various parts and provis-
ions been separately acted on in the Convention,
or separately submitted to the people of the United
States, it is by no means certain that the Constitu-
tion i'self would ever have been adopted or ratified.
Those who did noi like particular provisions found
compensation in other parts of it. And in all
cases of constitutions and laws, when either is
presented as a whole, the question to be decided
is, whether the good it contains is not of greater
amount, and does not neutralize anything excep-
tionable in it. And, as nothing human is perfect,
for the sake of that harmony so desirable in such
a Confederacy as this, we must be reconciled to
secure as much as we can of what we wish, and
be consoled by the reflection that what we do not
exactly like is a friendly concession, and agreeable
to those who, being united with us in a common
destiny, it is desirable should always live with us !
in peace and concord. '
" A majoiity of the committee have, therefore,
been led to the recommendation to the Senate that
the two measures be united. The bill for estab-
lishing the two territories, it will be. observed,
omits the Wilmot proviso, on the one hand, and,
on the other, makes no provision for the introduc-
tion of slavery into any part of the new territories.
1 hat proviso has been the fruitful source of dis-
traction and agitation. If it were adopted and
applied to any territory, it would cease to have
any obligatory force as soon as such territory were
admitted as a State into the Union. There was
never any occasion for it, to accomplish the pro-
fessed object with which it was originally offered.
This has been clearly demonstrated by the current
of events. California, of all the recent territorial
acquisitions from Mexico, was that in which, if
anywhere within them, the mtioduction of slavery
was most likely to take place; and the constitu-
tion of California, by the unanimous vote of her
convention, has expressly interdicted it. There
is the highest degree of probability that Utah and
New Mexico will, when they come to be admitted
as States, follow the example. The proviso is, as
61)
to all these regions in common, a mere abstraction.
Why should it be any longer insisted on ? To-
tally destitute, as it is, of any praciical import, it
has, nevertheless, had the pernicious effect to ex-
cite serious, if not alarming consequences. It is
high time that the wounds which it has inflicted
should he healed up, and closed; and that, to avoid,
in all future time, the agitations which must be
produced by the conflict of opinion on the slavery
question—existing, as this institution does, in some
of the States, and prohibited, as it is, in others—
the true principle which ought to regulate the ac-
tion of Congress, in forming territorial govern-
ments for each newly-acquired domain is to refrain
from all legislation on the subject in the territory
acquired, so long as it retains the territorial form
of government—leaving it to the people of such
territory, when they have attained to a condition
which entitles them to admission as a State, to de-
cide for themselves the question of the allowance
or prohibition of domestic slavery. The com-
mittee believe that they express the anxious desire
of an immense majority of the people of the
( United States, when they declare that it is high
time that good feelings, harmony, and fiaternal
sentiments should be again revived; and that the
Government should be able once more to pro-
ceed in its great operations to promote the happi-
ness and prosperity of the country, undisturbed
by this distracting cause.
" As for California—farfrom feeling her sensibil-
ity affected oy her being associated with other kin-
iked measures—she ought to rejoice and be highly
gratified that, in entering into the Union, she may j
have contributed to the tranquillity and happiness I
of the great family of States, of which, it is to
be hoped, she may one day be a distinguished [
I member. !
; " The committee beg leave next to report on !
! the subject of the northern and western boundary '
, of Texas. On that question a great diversity of
|i opinion has prevailed. According to one view ot
ij it, the western limit of Texas was the Nueces;
|i according to another, it extended to the Rio
jj Grande, and stretched from its mouth to its source. I
A majority of the committee, having come to the
conclusion of recommending an amicable adjust- ,
ment of the boundary with Texas, abstain from ij
expressing any opinion as to the true and legiti- !.
mate western and northern boundary of that State. jj
The terms proposed for such an adjustment are ■!
contained in the bill herewith reported, and they '
are, with inconsiderable variation, the same as ij
that reported by the Committee on Territories. jj
"According to these terms, it is proposed to ;
Texas that her boundary be recognized to the Rio
Grande, and up that river to the point commonly J
called El Paso, and running thence up that river
twenty miles, measured thereon by a straight line, ''
and thence easjwardly to a point where the hun-
dredth degree of west longitude crosses Red river;
being the southwest angle in the line designated
between the United States and Mexico, and the
same angle in the line of the territory set apart for
the Indians by t!'e United States.
" If this boundary be assented to by Texas, she
will be quieted to that extent in her title. And
some may suppose that, in consideration of this
concession by the United States, she might, with-
out any other equivalent, relinquish any claim she
has beyond the proposed boundary: that is, any
claim to any part of New Mexico. But, under
the influence of a sentiment of justice and great
liberality, the bill proposes to Texas, for her re-
linquishment of any such claim, a large pecuniary
equivalent. As a consideration for it, and consid-
ering that a portion of the debt of Texas was
created on a pledge to her creditors of the duties
on foreign imports, transferred by the resolution
of annexation to the United States, and now re-
ceived and receivable in their treasury, a majority
of the committee recommend the payment of the
sum of   millions of dollars to Texas, to be
applied in the first instance to the extinction of
that portion of her debt for the reimbursement of
which the duties on foreign imports were pledged
as aforesaid; and the residue in such manner as
New Series No. 60.
she may direct. The said sum is to be paid by
the United States in a stock, to be created, bear-
ing five per cent, interest annually, payable half-
yearly at the Treasury of the United Stales, and
the principal reimbursable at the end of fourteen
years.
" According to an estimate which has been made,
there are included in the territory to which it is pro-
posed that Texas shall relinquish her claim, em-
bracing that part of New Mexico lying east of the
Rio Grande, a little less than 124,933 square miles,
and about 79 957,120 acres of land. From the pro-
ceeds of the sale of this land, the United States
may ultimately be reimbursed a portion, if not the
whole, of the amount of what is thus proposed to
be advanced to Texas.
" It cannot be anticipated that Texas will decline
to accede to these liberal propositions; but if she
should, it is to be distinctly understood that the
title of the United States to any territory acquired
from Mexico east of the Rio Grande will remain
unimpaired and in the same condition as if the
proposals of adjustment now offered had never
I been made.
" A majority of the committee recommend to the
Senate that the section containing these ptoposals
to Texas shall be incorporated into the bill em-
bracing the admission of California as a State, and
the establishment of territorial governments for
Utah and New Mexico. The definition and es-
tablishment of the boundary betw een New Mexico
*and Texas has an intimate and necessary connec-
tion with the establishment of a tenitorial govern-
ment for New Mexico. To form a territorial gov-
ernment for New Mexico, without prescribing the
limits of the territory, would leaie the woik im-
perfect and incomplete, and might expose New
■Mexico to serious contioveisy, if riot dangerous
collisions, with the State of Texas. And most,
if not all, the considerations which unite in favor
of combining the hill for the admission of Cahfor-'
nia as a Stale and the territorial bills, apply to the
boundary question of Texas. By the union of
the three measures, every question of difficulty
and division which has arisen out of the territoiial
acquisitions from Mexico will, it is hoped, be ad-
justed, or placed in a train of satisfactory adjust-
ment. The committee, availing themselves of the
arduous and valuable labors of the Committee
i on Territories, report a bill, herewith annexed,
[ (marked A,) embracing those three measures, the
I passage of which, uniting them together, they re-
| commend to the Senate.
| " The committee will now proceed to the con-
; sideiation of, and to report upon, the subject of
persons owing service or labor in one State esca-
ping into another. The text of the Constitution
is quite clear: ' No person held to labor or service
' in one State, under the laws thereof., escaping into
' another, shall, in consequence of any law or reg-
' ulation therein, be discharged from such service
( or labor, but shall be delivered up on the claim of
' the party to whom such service or labor may be
'due.' Nothing can be more explicit than this
language—nothing more manifest than the right
to demand, and the obligation to deliver up to°he
claimant, any such fugitive. And the Constitution
addresses itself alike to the States composing the
Union and to the General Government, if, in-
deed, there were any difference in the duty to
enforce this portion of the Constitution between
the States and the Federal Government, it is more
clear that it is that of the former than of the latter.
But it is the duty of both. It is now well known
and incontestable that citizens in slaveholding
States encounter the greatest difficulty in obtaining
the benefit of this provision of the Constitution.
The attempt to recapture a fugitive is almost al-
ways a subject of great irritation and excitement,
and often leads to most unpleasant, if not perilous,
collisions. An owner of a slave, it is quite noto-
rious, cannot pursue his property, for the purpose
of its recovery, in some of the States, without
imminent personal hazard. This is a deplorable
state of things, which ought to be remedied. The
law of 1793 has been found wholly ineffectual,and
requires more stringent enactments. There is,
