946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
especially, a deficiency m the number of public
functionaries authorized to afford aid in the seizure
and arrest of fugitives. Various States have de-
clined to afford aid and cooperation in the surren-
der of fugitives from labor, as the committee
believe, from a misconception of their duty arising
under the Constitution of the United States. It is
true that a decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States has given countenance to them in
withholding their assistance. But the commi'tee
cannot but believe that the intention of the Su-
preme Court has been misunderstood. They can-
not but think that that court merely meant that
laws of the several States which created obstacles
in the way of the recovery of fugitives were not
authorized by the Constitution, and not that State
laws affording facilities in the recovery of fugitives
were forbidden by that instrument.
44 Thenon-slaveholding States, whatever sympa-
thies any of their citizens may feel for persons
who escape from other States, cannot discharge
themselves from an obligation to enforce the Con-
stitution of the United States All parts of the
instrument being dependent upon and connected
with each other, ought to be fairly and justly en-
forced. If some States may seek to exonerate
themselves from one portion of the Constitution,
other States may endeavor to evade the perform-
ance of other portions of it; and thus the instru-
ment, in some of its most important provisions,
might become inoperative and invalid.
44 But, whatever may be the conduct of individ-
ual States, the duty of the General Government
if perfectly clear. That duty is, to amend the ex-
isting law, and to provide an effectual remedy for
the recovery of fugitives from service or labor.
In devising such a remedy, Congress ought, while
on the one hand securing to the owner the fair res-
toration of his property, effectually to guard on the
other against any abuses in the application of that
remedy.
44 In all cases of the arrest, within a State, of
persons charged with offences; in all cases of the
pu<suit of fugitives from justice from one State
to another State; in ail eases of extradition pro-
vided for by treaties between foreign Powers—the
proceeding uniformly is summary. It has never
been thought necessary to apply, in cases of that
kind, the forms and ceremonies of a final trial.
Ard when that trial does take place, it is in the
State or country from which the party has fled,
and not in that in which he has found refuge. By
the express language of the Constitution, whether
the fugitive is held to service or labor or not, is to
be determined by Ike laws of the Slate fromuhichke
fled; and, consequently, it is most proper that the
tribunals of that State should expound and admin-
ister its own laws. If there have been any in-
stances of abuse in the erroneous arrest of fugi-
tives from service or labor, the committee have not
obtained knowledge of them. They believe that
none such have occurred,and that such are not
likely to occur. But, in order fo guard against the
possibility of their occurrence, the committee have
prepared, and herewith report, (marked B,) a
section to be offered to the fugitive bill now pend-
ing before the Senate. Accoidmg to this section,
the owner of a fugitive f om service or labor is,
when practicable, to carry with him to the State in
which the person is founc,a record, from a compe-
tent tribunal, adjudicating the facts of elopement
and slavery, with a general description of the fu-
gitive. This record, properly attested and certified
under the offical seal of the court, being taken to
the State where the person owing service or labor
is found, is to be held competent and sufficient
evidence of the facts which had been adjudicated,
and will leave nothing more to be done than to
identify the fugitive.
44 Numeious petitions have been presented,pray-
ing for a trial by jury, in the case of arrest of fugi-
tives from service or labor, in the nori-slaveholdmg
States. It has been already shown that this would
be entirely contrary to practice and uniform usage
in all similar cases. Under the name of a popular
and cherished institution—an institution, however,
never applied m cases of preliminary proceeding,
and only in cases of final trial—there would be a
complete mockery of justice, so far as the owner
of the fugitive is concerned. If the trial by jury
be admitted, it would draw after it its usual conse-
quences, of continuance from time to time, to bring
evidence from distant places; of second or new
trials, in caaes where the jury is hung, or the ver-
dict is set aside; and of revisals of the verdict and
conduct of the jurors by competent tribunals.
During the progress of all these dilatory and ex-
pensive proceedings, what security is there as to
the custody and forthcoming of the fugitive upon
their termination ? And if, finally, the claimant
should be successful, contrary to what happens in
ordinary litigation between free persons, he would
have to bear all the burdens and expense of the
litigation, without indemnity, and would learn, by
sad experience, that he had by far better have
abandoned his right in the first instance, than to
establish it at such unremunerated cost and heavy
sacrifice.
44 But, whilst the committee conceive that a trial
by jury in a State where a fugitive from service or
labor is recaptured would be a virtual denial of
justice to the claimant of such fugitive, and would
be tantamount to a positive refusal to execute the
provision of the Constitution, the same objections
do not apply to such a trial in the State from which
he fled.- In the slaveholding States full justice is
administered, with entire fairness and impartiality,
in cases of all actions for freedo n. The person
claiming his freedom is allowed to sue in forma
pauperis; counsel is assigned him; time is allowed
him to collect his witnesses and to attend the ses-
sions of the court;and his claimant is placed under
bond and security, or is divested ofttrepossession
during the progress of the trial, to insure the en-
joyment of these privileges; and if there be any
eaningon the part of courts and juries, it is al-
ways on the side of the claimant for freedom.
44 In deference to the feelings and prejudices
which prevail in the non-slaveholdmg States, the
committee propose such a trial in the State from
which the fugitive fled, in all cases where he de-
clares to the officer giving the certificate for his
return that he has a right to his freedom. Accord-
ingly the committee have prepared, and repart
herewith, (marked C,) two sections, which they
recommend should be incorporated in the fugitive
bill pending in the Senate. According to these
sections, the claimant is placed under bond, and
required to return the fugitive to that county in
the State from which he fled, and there to take
him before a competent tribunal, and allow him to
assert and establish his freedom, if he can, afford-
ing to him for that purpose all needful facilities.
44 The committee indulge the hope that if the
fugitive bill with the proposed amendments shall
be passed by Congress, it will be effectual to se-
cure the recovery of all fugitives from service or
labor, and that it will remove all causes of com-
plaint which have hitherto been experienced on
that irritating subject. But if in its practical op-
eration it shall be found insufficient, and if no
adequate remedy can be devised for the restoration
to their owners of fugitive slaves, those owners i
will have a just title to indemnity out of the Treas- .
ury of the United States. i
t4 It remains to report upon the resolutions in i
relation to slavery and the slave trade in the Dis- :
trict of Columbia. Without discussing the power i
of Congress to abolish slavery within the District, j
in regard to which a diversity of opinion exists, ,
the committee are of opinion that it ought not to i
be abolished. It could not be done without indis- I
pensable conditions, which are not likely to be !
agreed to. It could not be done without exciting j
great apprehension and alarm m the slave States. ;
If the power were exercised within this District, \
they would apprehend that, under some pretext oi j
another, it might be hereafter attempted to be ex-
ercised within the slaveholding States. It is true
that at present all such power is almost unani-
mously disavowed and disclaimed in the free
States. But experience in public affairs has too
often shown that where there is a desire to do a
particular thing, the power to accomplish it, sooner
or later, will be found or assumed.
j 44 Nor does the number of slaves within the
J District make the abolition of slavery an object of
j any such consequence as appears to be attached to
, it in some parts of the Uni<>n. Since the retro-
! cession of Alexandria county to Virginia, on the
! South side of the Potomac, the District now con- 1
! sists only of Washington county, on the North :
side of this river; and the returns of the decennary
enumeration of the people of the United States
show a rapidly progressive decrease in the number
of slaves in Washington county. According to the !
census of 1830, the number was 4,505, and in 1840
it was reduced to 3,320: showing a reduction in ten '
years of nearly one-third. If it should continue
in the same ratio, the number, according to the
census now about to be taken, will be only a little
upwards of two thousand.
44 But a majority of the committee think differ-
ently in regard to the slave trade within the Dis-
trict. By that trade is meant the introduction
of slaves from adjacent States into the District,
for sale, or to be placed in dep6t for the purpose
of subsequent sale or transportation to other and
distant markets. That trade, a majority of the
committee are of opinion, ought to be abolished.
Complaints have always existed against it, no less
on the part of members of Congress from the
South than on the part of members from the
North. It is a trade sometimes exhibiting revolt-
ing spectacles, and one in which the people of the
District have no interest, but, on the contrary, are
believed to be desirous that k should be discon-
tinued. Most, if not all, of the slaveholding States
have, either in their constitutions or by penal en-
actments, prohibited a trade in slaves as merchan-
I dise within their respective jurisdictions. Con-
| gress, standing in regard to the people of this
. District on this subject, in a relation similar to that
; of theState Legislatures to the people of theStates,
j may safely follow the examples of the States.
I The committee have prepared, and herewith re-
| port, a bill for the abolition of that trade, (maiked
| D,) the passage of which they recommend to the
! Senate, This bill has been framed after the model
j of what the law of Maryland was when the Gen-
eral Government was removed to Washington.
44 The views and recommendations contained in
this report may be recapitulated in a few words:
44 1. The admission of any new State or States
formed out of Texas to be postponed until they
shall hereafter present themselves to be received
into the Union, when it will be the duty of Cor>-
, gress fairly and faithfully to execute the compact
| with Texas by admitting such new State or States,
i 14 2 The admission forthwith of California into
j the Union with the boundaries which she has pro-
i posed.
j 44 3. The establishment of territorial govern-
j ments without the Wilmot proviso for New Mex-
i ico and Utah, embracing all the territory recently
! acquired by the United States from Mexico not
I contained in the boundaries of California,
j 44 4. The combination of these two last-men-
;! tioned measures in the same bill.
I 44 5. The establishment of the western and
f northern boundary of Texas, and the exclusion
' from her jurisdiction of all New Mexico, with
the grant to Texas of a pecuniary equivalent; and
■ the section for that purpose to be incorporated in
. the bill admitting California and establishing te?-
! ritorial governments for Utah and New Mexico.
! 44 6. More effectual enactments oflaw to secure
! the prompt delivery of persons bound to service
| or labor m one State, under the laws thereof, who
. escane into another State.
41 And, 7. Abstaining from abolishing slavery;
but, under a heavy penalty, prohibiting the slave
trade m the District of Columbia.
I " If such of these several measures as require
legislation should be carried out by suitable acts
ol Congress, all controversies to which our late
; teriitorial acquisitions have given rise, and all ex-
isting questions connected with the institution of
slavery, whether resulting from those acquisitions
. or from its existence in the States and the District
' of Columbia, will be amicably settled and ad-
' justed, in a manner, it is confidently believed, to
give general satisfaction to an overwhelming ma-
jority of the people of the United States. Congress
1 will have fulfilled its whole duty m regard to the
, vast country which, having been ceded by Mexico
i to the United States, has fallen under their domm-
j ion. It will have extended to it protection, pio-
1 vided for its several parts the inestimable blessing
' of free and regular government adapted to their
various wants, and placed the whole under the
banner and flag of the United States. Meeting
courageously its clear and entue duty, Congress
will escape the unmerited reproach of having, from
considerations of doubtful policy, abandoned to
an undeserved fate territories of boundless extent,
with a sparse, incongruous, and alien, if not un-
friendly, population, speaking different languages,
and accustomed to dilTtrent laws, whilst thut pop-
ulation is making inesistible appeals to the new
sovereignty to which they have been transferred for
: protection, for government, for law, and for order
