2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. Ill,
this occasion intended to embrace only those who
intended to migrate west, under the treaty of 1836,
or all that were living at the time or that emigra-
tion. That was the spirit of the law of 1848, and,
in order to fix the construction of that law, (would
call the attention of every Senator who has any
doubt on the subject, to the words in the section I
have just read, viz: "or received the commutation
for rempval and subsistence." We believe others
have been enumerated, however, who are not en-
titled to a particle of the benefits arising under the
treaty; and we ask, if there is no objection, that
these payments under the law of 1848 may be sus-
pended until it be ascertained how the fact really
is. Why, sir, I am informed that letters of admin-
istration have been taken out in the courts of North
Carolina upon infant Indians from three months
old and upwards, since the year 1836, when this
treaty was made, who are not entitled to this
money uqder the law. I hope, therefore, that my
friend from North Carolina will agree that we shall
suspend this matter until the next session.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to the
amendment, if my friend will make one modifica-
tion in it. He has got the words, " shall show
that they are entitled," &c., which is raising the
presumption against the Indian. 1 suggest that
he modify it so that it shall read who 44 may be"
entitled, &c.
Mr. BELL. T will agree to that.
Mr. BADGER. That done, I have no objec-
tion to the amendment, though I wish my friend
would take back what he said in regard to frauds.
They are wholly unknown in North Carolina.
[Laughter]'
Mr. BELL, (in his seat.) I don't take it back.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL moved to add the following proviso:
" Provided, Thai the Secretaries of the Treasury and the
Interior he arid are hereby auihouzvd and directed to re-
serve, and cause to be paid, out of the moneys to be paid
through iheir respective departments, to the counsel of the
]Vonh C.iroiina Cherokees, a reasonable compensation for
their services in prosecuting the claims of said Cherokee*
again.^tthe United States."
Mr. B said: [ will state upon what ground that is
based. At the time these gentlemen performed these
services there was no law prohibiting the depart-
ment to pay them a reasonable compensation, upon
power of attorney, actually signed and produced
at the department. In this sort of claims, every
family, and every member of every Indian family,
is compelled to give his signature to some one to
transact this business as his agent. These gentle-
men spent a great deal of time, and brought the
arguments very fairly to benr upon the committee
and Congress, to show that they were fairly enti-
tled to something. The appropriation is intended
to fulfill the obligations which they represented as
being due to those Indians.
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) Is it to come out
of the fund ?
Mr. BELL. To come out of the fund, of
course. Well, subsequent to that, and before this
was finally effected, Congress passed a law stating
that no demand should be made upon powers of
attorney. These gentlemen, I believe, who prose-
cuted these claims, only ask a reasonable sum. It
is left to the discretion of the department how
much shall be paid—what per cent., three, five, or
ten—out of this money. I hope the amendment
will be agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I wish merely to suggest to
ray friend whether that demand should "not fall
upon the derelict portion of the claimants.
After a few words of low conversation between
the Senators—
Mr. BELL said: The Senator will not press it.
The
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I have another amendment to of-
fer, but 1 will move it in the Senate. It is for the
payment of David Taylor. I have not had time
to examine it particularly myself; but other mem-
bers of the committee have paid much attention
to it. £
No further amendment being moved, the bill
was reported to the Senate.
The question was stated upon concurrence with
the amendments.
Mr. PEARCE reserved the amendment for
holding treaties and extinguishing land titles in
Minnesota.
Mr. HUNTER reserved the amendment making
an appropriation for the Potawatnmie Indians.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked to reserve the amend-
ment offered by himself, which had been amended
in committee.
The PRESIDENT stated that concurrence in
the amendment would not preclude a motion to
insert what had been stricken out in committee.
Mr. SEBASTIAN thereupon waived the reser-
vation.
The amendments not reserved were then con-
curred in.
The 'question was then stated upon concurrence
with the following amendment, reserved by Mr.
Pearce:
"Strike oat all after line 791 to the end of the bill, as
follows:
" For expenses of treating with the Mississippi and St.
Peter Sioux, for the extinguishment of their title to lands
in Minnesota Territory, $15,(WO.
"For expenses of treating with the Indians and half-
breeds, for the extinguishment of the title to their lands in
Minnesota Territory, $ 10,000."
Mr. PEARCE demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. Several Senators who sup-
ported this provision in the committee are now ab-
sent. They are probably in the Capitol.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair always sends
the Sergeant-at-Arms to inform Senators in the
Capitol that the yeas and nays are to be taken.
Mr. BELL. I merely want to suggest to my
friend! over the way from Wisconsin and Iowa,
whether they would not think it expedient to limit
the quantity of territory upon which the title shall
be extinguished, to the territory upon the right
bank of the Mississippi for some fifty or a hundred
miles. I understand the proposition to include
fifty thousand square miles—enough for a whole
State. It seems to me it is unnecessary to press
those Indians much further back than is necessary
now for the settlement upon the river. I should not
have the slightest objection to any distance upon
the right bank that might Be reasonable.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The provision does not
name one hundred miles, or fifty miles, or twenty
miles. It is wholly a matter of executive discre-
tion. A map of the Territory is before the Ex-
ecutive of the United States. We simply put at
his disposal the amount, and defray the expenses
of the treaty- He may buy twenty, forty, fifty,
or one hundred miles or leagues of the Indians, as
he thinks best. 1 trust we all have faith in the
discretion of the head of a great nation like this,
that he will exercise a proper judgment in making
the purchase.
Mr. ATCHISON. I would state this, in addi-
tion to what has been said by the Senator from
Iowa, that when the treaty is made, if the pur-
chase is too great, or if too high a price is given
for the land, it will still be under the control of the
Senate—for the treaty can be rejected. The Ex-
ecutive only a^ks for $25,000 to defray the expenses
of holding a treaty, and perhaps of making small
donations by way of presents, or otherwise, to
these Sioux Indians, to enable them to make a
treaty upon better terms than they would do with-
out an appropriation of this kind.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have discovered that there
was no amendment made in rogard to that matter.
There was an item m the bill which the committee
proposed, by way of amendment, to strike out.
The Senate did not strike it out, and it would,
therefore, require an affirmative motion. I will
make that motion when we hav§ acted upon the
other amendments.
The PRESIDENT. The only amendment re-
maining is that excepted by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, made in committee.
Mr. PEARCE. I find from the record which
the Secretary has kept, that the amendment of the
committee is marked as agreed to. 1 think that is
an error. It stands now as agreed to; and if that
be correct, and if any one chooses to move to non-
concur, he can do so: 1 cannot.
Mr. ATCHISON. If that be the record, I must
move to correct the Journal—for that cannot be the
fact. I have no doubt that it is a mistake, from
the recollection of all that take any interest m the
matter.
The PRESIDENT. It is also endorsed upon
the bill that the amendment is agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. That is incorrect; for I went to
the Delegate who was sitting behind me, and con-
gratulated him upon the fact that the Senate, in
Committee of the Whole, had rejected the amend-
ment proposed by the committee.
Mr. PEARCE. It is undoubtedly wrong.
Mr. DICKINSON. The statement of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin only provesihat hecongraeu-,
lated the Delegate. The record is probably wrong;
i|but it makes no difference, because the vote eatf
be taken just as well.
Mp. WALKER. I only spoke of the circum-
stance in connection with the fact of the impres-
sion upofl my mind that the vote was as I sup-
posed.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will correct the
endorsement, and the motion can be made to strike
out the item in the Senate. The question first in
order is upon the concurrence with the amendment
reserved by the Senator from Virginia.
The amendment relative to the Potawatorni*
Indians was then read and concurred in.
Mr. PEARCE renewed the following amend-
ment:
" Strike out all after line ?91 to the end of the bill, as fol-
low?:
"For expenses of treating with tbe Mi-'siss'pp't and St
-Peter Sioux, for tbe extinguishment of their title to lands in
Minnesota Territory, $15,000.
" For expenses, of treating "with the Indians and half-
breeds, for the extinguishment-of the utle to their lands in
Minnesota, $I0,U00.5'
Mr. JONES. The proposition is not to pur-
chase fifty thousand square miles. It is left en-
tirely to the control of the commissioners, If
they choose t<5 make a treaty for the whole coun-
try, it is in our power to reject it if we think it is
too much. Gentlemen speak of being economical.
It costs just as much to make a treaty for fifty
thousand acres as for fifty thousand square miles:
In purchasing the Territory of Iowa, vte had
something like half a dozen treaties. If a single
treaty had been made to purchase all the land'at
one time, a great deal of money would have been-
saved which was expended in holding these trea-
ties. I hope the appropriation will be Retained.
Mr. PEARCE. We know very well what
lands they will extinguish the title to. We have
the instructions of the bureau of Indian Affairs,
directing the commissioners who are to negotiate
these treaties to extinguish the titles to twenty-odd
millions of acres of land, in what I called the
" southern section" in my former remarks—a tract
up to the Red river, on each side of that river, of
twenty millions of acres, which will be fifty-thou-
sand square miles.
Mr. RUSK. I do hope this will not be striken
out. In the first place, we have the representation
of the governor of the Territory that it is.neces-
sary. In the next place, we have the recommend-
ation of the Delegate, backed by the opinion of
the House of Representatives. Then we have the
memorial of ihe people also. Now we propose,
by concurring m what the House has done, sim-
ply to invest the Executive of the United States
with power to make this treaty, if he deems it
proper ard right.* If we refuse it, we shall disre-
gard the request of the people ihemselves who ask
it; we shall disregard their constituted authorities.
And then it is reflecting upon the discretion of the
President of the United States to refuse to place at
his disposition an amount of money which he may
use, if he deems it necessary, to make this treaty.
Mr. ifAVIS, of Mississippi. We ought to ask
ourselves where these Indians would be removed
to if they were removed from these lands. They
now extend to the Red river, on the north—to Lord
Selkirk'8 settlement; and heyond that is the British
possession. West of that is the country which we
have reason to believe would be assigned to them;
and it is not at all suited to their wants There is no
pressing population in this country which requires
that the Indian title should be extinguished at once;
and I see no reason why we should place at the
discretion of the President a treaty which we have
a right to reject from the beginning, and have not
determined to accept. It is a strange proposition
that we reflcct upon the discretion of the Presi-
dent because we do not wish him to form this
treaty. We have a right to decide whether we
wish the treaty made or not; and to give the author-
ity to the President is nothing more nor less than
directing him to make the treaty. I do not wish
the treaty made at all. Let the Indians alone until
Minnesota shall be in need of this territory. The
Indians are becoming civilized $8 the settlers ex-
tend beyond them. I have always doubted the
policy of crowding a great number of Indian tribes
upon a single territory. They have their hereditary
feuds and causes of quarrels with other tribes,
with which they will be brought in$o juxtaposition
