1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2041
in the territory. I doubted the policy at the time
it first commenced. My intercourse with the In-
dians upon the frontiers has since led me to doufet
it suit more strongly. 1 believe that we are now
following out a policy which will result in more
evil than good. " . :
Mr. JONES. In order to obviate objections as
to the quantity of land, I will modify the amend-
ment by inserting, after the word *4fifteen" in the
first clause, and u ten" in the second, the words
(i or such portion of said country as the President
of the United States may deem proper."
Mr. ATCHISON. It strikes me this modifica-
tion is wholly unnecessary.
Mr. JON £3. I made it in order to satisfy the
chairman of the committee. I, however, will
withdraw it.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was rejected—yeas 20, nays 23—as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Barnwell, Bell, Berrien, But-
ler, Davis? of Mississippi, Dawson, Dayion, Dickinson,
Humei, King, ftfangurn, Mason, Morion* Pearce, Pratt,
SpriMnc<', Turne>, Underwood, and Wales—20.
NAYS—Me-srs. Atchison, Badger, Benton, bright, Coop-
er, Dutlge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, JEwing,
Felch, Pome, Fremont, Gwin, Hatnlm, Jone.-, Norris,
Kusk, Sebastian, Seward, Smith, Sturgeon, Walker, and
Wirithrop—23
Mr. PEARCE moved to amend the section be-
fore the last by inserting, after " Minnesota Ter-
ritory," the words 44 south of St. Peter's river."
Mr. P. said: This would involve the Govern-
ment in less expense, and leave more time to pro-
vide for agents in thecountr>—at the same time
giving scope for immense emigration to that
country.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. BELL offered the following amendment as
an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it enacted, That the Secretary of the
Trea>ury cau e to be paid to David Taylor, as the legal rep-
resentative of his wife and children the amount due to
them under the Cherokee treaty of 1.-3 -'36, for and on ac-
count of' a reservation of land "to which they were entitled
under a previous treaty, according to the settlement of the
claim for the same made by the Sec .nd Auditor of the
Treasury, pursuant to an opinion of the Attorney General
of the United States, dated July 7, 11546, deducting what-
ever amount may have been paid to said David Taylor,
under the above-mentioned treaty, for and on accouut of
his life-estate interest in said reservation."
Mr. PEARCE. That is a private claim.
Mr. BELL. I will just state upon what ground
this is presented. David Taylor is a white man,
# married to an Indian woman. By the treaty of
1817 he was entitled to a reservation of sixty-four
acres of Government land. That land was after-
wards claimed as not being in the Indian grant,
but upon some other grant by the State of Ten-
nessee, and he was compelled to purchase it from
the State of Tennessee. But even that did not
seem to avail him. For some cause, which I do
not see specified, he had to abandon the land. For
cases of abandonment of that description, the treaty
of 1835-provided that he should be paid for it at
its valuation price. In pursuance of that act, the
commissioners, it appears, examined his claim,
returned the valuation, and allowed it, but issued
no certificate; and the question arose with the
Government whether, a certificate not having been
actually issued, they ought to pay it. Upon the
records of the commissioners was found the allow-
ance for this claim. It was alleged by them that
their commission having expired, and being or-
dered to return home, they were compelled to re-
turn without issuing certificates in a number of
cases. The question was referred to the Attorney
General, and he gave an opinion in favor of the
validity of the claim, stating that the absence of
the certificate ought not to deprive him of the re-
ward. But the officer having determined that it
should not be allowed, the position was then taken
that it was a mistake—that there was no record of
the allowance of the claim. But, upon subsequent
examm&uon, the record was found, and it was as-
certained to have been allowed by the commis-
sioners Yet they refuse to pay it, saying it was
a question for Congress to decide. Other gentle-
men have examined the claim more particularly
than I have, and t hope they will give their opin-
ion. .
Mr. MANGUM. Against my general inclina-
tion upon private claims, i shall vote for this claim.
I regard it as one of the hardest cases that has
occurred in the history of the Government. This
claim has been made out and allowed, and a war-
rant was issued for the payment of the money,
which -would have been paid, I have n-o doubt, if
this man had submitted to certain exorbitant ex-
actions in the way of fees. The individual has
been - thrown upon Congress; and he has been
living here, laboring for his daily bread, four or
five years, to get tfee money. I think, if there
ever was a case presented to Congress that ap-
peals strongly to a sense of justice, as well as
of generosity, this is .pne; and 1 hope it will pass
without opposition. 1 was cognizant of this
transaction at the time; but I will not now go into
the details, not having looked ■lover the facts for
some four or five years. The Senator from Mis-
souri knows this whole transaction, from beginning
to end.
Mr. BADGER. We all know it.
Mr. BENTON. What is it?
Mr. MANGUM. Tfte ea&e of David Taylor.
The gentleman knows how it was. His claim
was once allowed.
Mr. BEN TON. if it was David Taylor, of
North Carolina, I have been acquainted with
him five or six years. He has not been paid, but
was to go before Congress. His claim is a just
one, and ought to be paid.
Mr. TURNEY. This claim was before Con-
gress some years ago. We then had a statement
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, which,
i think, showed about this state of the case; The
reservation where nis title was perfected lies within
the State of Tennessee. The claim was in the
name of nis wile. He got his tale to the land,
and, so far as the laws of Tennessee are concerned,
he enjoyed it. It was finally sold, I believe, to
pay some debts which Mr. Taylor owed by virtue
ot execution. The title, however, had been per-
fected, so far as Tennessee could perfect it. Af-
terwards, according to my recollection, the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs applied lor a patent
to be located upon this land in the name of his
wife. Thus he had obtained a patent which has
been sold to pay his debts. He has also been
paid for the land by the board of commissioners,
and now makes application to Congress in his
own name. .Now, sir, i had occasion to look into
the merits of this claim some years ago, and 1
then became thoroughly satisfied in regard to it.
The Senate, however, had passed upon it before
these documents came here; but, from a statement
which i obtained from Major • —> showing the
facts, which I handed to &ume gentleman in the
House, the claim was there stricken out and de-
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator, I
think, is entirely mistaken. 1 will not undertake
to go into the lacts; but this 1 know: Two years
ago this case was considered in the Senate, aud
alter the fullest examination, and upon lull debate
and discussion, the claim was allowed. Tne
conviction of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
my own conviction, and that of a majority ol the
Senate, was, that it wasjust.
Mr. TURNEY. it is true, Mr. President, that
the claim, by way of amendment, was tacked to
some appropriation bill of the Senate; but, if 1 am
not mistaken, it was not done upon full investiga-
tion if I am not mistaken, too, this claim has
been before the committee and repotted against;
but if it has not, why does not this party go be-
fore a committee? If he were to do so, 1 think
these facts would appear as 1 have stated.
Mr. BELL. 1 have not had time myself to look
back and see what reports have been made upon
this case. 1 presented the amendment upon the
papers handed to me by the department, contain-
ing the opinion of the Attorney General, anckevi-
dence to show that the commissioners ordered the
"claim to be paid. My colleague is right in one
statement; and i think, upon looking at the amend-
ment, it will be seen that there is a deduction of a
certain sum paid to David Taylor by the commis-
sioners. That is m accordance with the statement
of my colleague. But the claim is presented upon
the further ground that he was compelled to aban-
don the land. ,,His wife and children have lost the
land by being compelled to abandon it. It appears,
from the report of the commissioners, that they
allowed the claim upon the ground that he was
compelled to abandon the land. That is the ground
upon which I have presented it. What were the
grounds for compelling him to abandon it, does not
appear from these papers. I do not look beyond
these commissioners. The question was raised be-
fore the Attorney General whether the absence of
the certificate should be a sufficient ground to re-
ject the claim when presented to the department,
He decided that it was not; that he was entitled,
under the treaty, to the benefit of that allowance.
A valuation was madein pursuance of that treaty,
and that valuation was actually returned. Now, I
have provided in that amendment, seeing that he
had been paid a certain sum, that that sum shall
be deducted. It is a provision for his wife and
children under the treaty. We cannot alter that;
it will go to his wife and children. He is entitled
to a life estate out of it, and i understand the de-
partment have settled the life estate, and that he
can only get so much—the balance having to be
refunded to his proper representatives, his wife and
children. That is settled by the department.
Mr. YULEE. 1 have had occasion to examine
this claim, and am perfectly satisfied that it ought
to be paid. I will not, however, detain the Senate
by giving my reasons
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was adopted.
Mr. BRIGHT. I beg leave to offer the follow-
ing amendment: ,
" That the Secretary of War be authorized to pay any
balance due to the Delaware Indians who served in the
Florida war, under the order of the Secretary of War of Juiy
21,1837, in which the Indians were promise the sum of
for six months'service ; and that the Secretary of War he
authorized to pay such balance due according to said oider
to the agents of such tribe out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. B. said: I desire to make a statement in con-
nection with this amendment. I suppose it is as
equally appropriate to the bill as the one just
adopted, and I am quite sure that that one has no
more merit than this. I have in my hands a copy
of the order of the Secretary of War directing the
employment of these Indians in the Florida cam-
paign. After the service was rendered, an amount
of money supposed to be sufficient to pay them at
the rate of §155 per head was appropriated The
amount was, however, insufficient to pay them at
that rate, and they were paid at the rate of $117 11.
The object of this appropriation is to pay them
the difference between the amfrunt which it is ad-
mitted they were entitled to and what they have
received, which will make in the aggregate some-
thing like $12,000.
1 will state that there were two separate tribes
of Indians employed in this service. One of them
has been paid the amount proposed to be paid by
this amendment; the other has not. Each of them
entered the service at the same time, and Hsfi it at
the same time. Upon the principle that onejs en-
titled to the amount named—$270 each—the other
is entitled, i have also a letter of ihe Secietary of
War, which may be read if necessary.
Mr. HUN TER. This seems to me to be a pri-
vate claim. The Senator from Indiana has given
us very efficient aid in this matter of resisting pri-
vate claims in the appropriation bills, and 1 hope
he will not press his amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is hardly a fair argument.
I have uniformly voted against private claims in
the bill, it is true; but the Senate has just put upon
this bill a private claim, and there were but four or
five votes recorded against it. I should not have
offered this if the claim that was just offered had
been rejected; but it having been voted in, I felt it
my duty to offer it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have no doubt of the jus-
tice of this claim. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs have examined it, and have reported m favor
of it. A similar company of Choctaws served in
the Florida war, under the same contract, and at
the same time. That company, it appears, was
paid; but this company of Delawares, for want of
a sufficient appropriation, have not been paid. I
suppose there can be no objection to the adoption
of the amendment.
The question being taken, no quorum voted.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will repeat the statement I
made in reference to this claim. There were two
tribes of Indians which were employed under the
same contract, and which rendered the same ser-
vice, at the close of the Florida war. An appro-
priation was made, supposed to be sufficient to pay
them, but it turned out that it could only pay about
two thirds the amount found due. At a subse-
quent session of Congress an appropriation was
made to pay one of the tribes in full. This amend-
ment proposes to pay the other m the same way.
The proposition has been before the Committee of
Indian Affairs, who have examined it, and aj>
