948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
make satisfactory proof to such court of the escape
aforesaid, and that the person escaping owed ser-
vice or labor to such party. Whereupon the court
shall cause a record to be made of the matters so
proved, and also of ageneral description of the per-
son so escaping, with such convenient certainty as
may be; and a transcript of such record, authenti-
cated by the attestation of the clerk, and of the seal
of the said court, being produced in any other State,
Territory, or District in which the person so escap-
ing may be found, and being exhibited to any judge,
commissioner, or other officer, authorized by the
law of the United States to cause persons escaping
from service or labor to be delivered up, shall be
held and taken to be full and conclusive evidence
of the fact of escape, and that the service or labor
of the person escaping is due to the party in such
record mentioned. And upon the production by
the said party of other and further evidence, if
necessary, either oral or by affidavit, in addition to
what is contained in the said record of the identity
of the person escaping, he or she shall be delivered
up to the claimant. And the said court, com-
missioner, judge, or other person authorized by
this act to grant certificates to claimants of fugi-
tives, shall, upon the production of the record and
other evidences aforesaid, grant to such claimant
a certificate of his right to take any such person
identified and proved to be owing service or labor
as aforesaid, which certificate shall authorize such
claimant to seize or arrest and transport such per-
son to the State or Territory from which he es-
caped.
Sec. —. Jindbeit further enacted, That in case the
alleged fugitive shall declare to the court, judge, or
commissioner, or other officer before whom he is
brought, that he is a free man and not a slave, and
the said court, judge, or commissioner, or other
officer, shall decide to grant the certificate herein
authorized, empowering the removal of the said
fugitive to the State from which he or she shall
have fled, the said court, judge, or commissioner,
or other officer, shall require of the claimant or his
agent to enter into a bond, without surety, to the
United Stales, in the sum of one thousand dollars,
that the said fugitive shall be removed to the State
and into the county, paiish, or district thereof,
from whence he or she may have fled, and then
and there, after the return of said fugitive, he or
she shall be taken by the said claimant or his agent
before a court of competent jurisdiction, at itslirst
term after such return, and be permitted by the
said claimant or his agent to try by a jury the ri"ht i
to freedom of such fugitive, in such form of ac- ,i
tion as shall be conformable to the laws of the '
State in that behalf. :j
Sec. —. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the fol- i!
lowing shall be the form of the bond required of:!
the claimant or his agent in the next preceding
section, viz: ° i;
" Know nil men by these presents, that I,  of the
cnunly (parish or d strict, a# tin; ciw may br) of , in '
the State of , ail! held and firmly biund to the Um'led
States in the sum of one thousand dollars, 10 he paid to ihp
said United States or their lawful agent or representative, to
winch payment, well and tiuh to be iiade, ! bind nrysell,
mv heir-*, and leynl representative*. Wiliiess njv hand and' ;
seal, this • day of , eighteen hundred and . i
"The condition of the above o liiiaiinn is such,ihat il !
theal>'ive-!> .mid shall remove a certain person named 1
 , w.m i* claimed fiy the said nbhwor a> a fugitive Ironi
labor, into tile State of . honi the coimu (pari-h or
district, as the case may be) ot , and take the alleged
niiiitive before a court of competent juri-d,elif)ti theren.^al 1
its first let in, and then and theie permit the said alleged fn-
JMive to irv by a jury his or her ria'.t to fre dom,in such 1
form of action as *hall he conformable to the laws of said '
Slate ,n that behalf, and afford the said alleged fugitive'tile
facilities necessar to a fair trial, then this obligation shall 1
cease anil be void; otherwise, the said obligor shall nay to i
the United Slate- thn ,-a,d sum of one thousa d dollars, '
which shall be recoverable in a protraction before any cir- i
cuit or district court of the United States." I
And the said bond, having the blanks properly !
filled up, and being duly executed by the said '
claimant or his agent, shall be delivered to the
said court, judge, or commissioner, or other officer
acting as aforesaid, who shall immediately enclose, i
seal, and transmit the same, by mail, to the dis- :'|
trict attorney of the United States for the State or i
district into which the said alleged fugitive may !'
have been removed. And it shall be the duty of '
the said attorney, on the forfeiture of the said
hond, to proceed for the recovery of the penalty j
thereof; and for his services in the prosecution and :
recovery of the same, he shall be entitled to ten .j
percent, of the amount recovered, the residue to !:
be paid into the Treasury of the United States; ||
and he shall be also allowed, for his services in
the prosecution of the suit, the sum of twenty-
five dollars, whether there be any recovery or not.
But if the obligor in the said bond shall comply
with the condition thereof, or if, upon the return
of the said fugitive to the place from which he or
she had fled, he or she shall declare before the
court aforesaid that he or she has r>o right to free-
dom, and therefore does not wish the prosecution
of any suit therefoj, the said attorney shall, in
either of those cases, surrender to the obligor the
said bond.
slave trade in the district of columbia.
Be it enacted, $*c., That from and after the 
day of next, it shall not be lawful to bring
-into the District of Columbia any slave whatever
fur the purpose of being sold, or for the purpose
of being placed in depot, to be subsequently trans-
ported to any other State or place. And if any
slave shall be brought into the said District by its
owner, or by the authority or consent of its
owner, contrary to the provisions of this act, such
slave shall thereupon become liberated and free.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall and
may be lawful for each of the Corporations of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, from time
to time, and as oftea as may be necessary, to abate,
break up, and abolish any depot or place of con-
finement of slaves brought into the said District as
merchandise, contrary to the provisions of this act,
by such appropriate means as may appear to either
of the said Corporations expedient and proper
And the same power is hereby vested in the County
Court of Washington, if any attempt shall be made
within its limits to establish a depot or place of con-
finement for slaves brought into the said District as
merchandise, for sale, contrary to this act.
The Secretary having read the first bill by its
title, as follows:
" A bill to admit California as a State into the Union ; to
estahu>h terruoual government!. for Utah Kurt Ncw^exicoj
and making proposals to Texas for the establishment ot her
wt'&te,]) and northern boundaries"—
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill has
had its first reading. Shall it be read a second
time?
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, still cherishing the
desire which has always actuated me, and which
is, I am sure, shared by the committee in common
with me, I am anxious that the Senate should get
on with as much promptness as possible. I think
that by to-morrow the bills may be printed. Al-
though there are slight amendments to the Utah
and jNewMexico bills, they are very slight—some
accidental clerical omissions. It is hardly neces-
sary that they should be printed again. But the
order to print them need not interrupt action on
the bill to-morrow, if it be desired. I move, then,
that the report, with the bills accompanying it, be
printed, and that they be made the oider of the
day for to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to move that the bill be mdde a special order
until it has been read a second time.
Mr. CLAY. I ask, then, for its second read-
ing.
Mr. TURNEY. I see no reason for departing
from the ordinary rules in this case, and i hope
this subject will not be made the order of the day
for to-morrow. I desire, before the bill is con-
sidered, that the long report, which has just been
read, be pi inted, that we may have an opportunity ;
to read and judge of it. i see no necessity for de- !
parting from the ordinary rule which we have i
adopted. I therefore object to the second readme
at this time. * ;
Mr. CLAY. It is indifferent to me, except that 1
I desire to have the bill acted upon as early as pos- '
sible, without any unnecessary delay. The report
can be printed by to-morrow, and then it will
come up m jts order.
Mr. FOOTE. I am authorized to say that the
report will be printed, and will be on our tables by ■
to-morrow morning. Will that obviate the objec- .
tion of mv friend from Tennessee?
Mr. TURNEY, (tn his seat.) It will not. 1
Objection being made, the bill was not read a
second time. ;
The second bill reported by the committee was .
then read a first and second time by its title, as .
follows: " A bill to suppress the slave trade in the
District of Columbia." j
Mr. CLAY. I now move that the bills, with 1
the exhibits annexed to them, be ordered to be :
printed, together with the report of the committee.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have an amendment which
1 wish to offer to the second section of the bill for
the admission of California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not ir>
order, as that bill has not been read a second time.
Mr. CLEMENS. Then 1 will give notice that
I shall offer this amendment:
He it further enacied, That tlu- line of 36° 30' north latitude
shall be, and the ^int: ss hereby declared to be, the ^outiicro
boundary line ot the said State of California.
The question being on printing the report ac-
companying the bill 
Mr. PHELPS. It was my purpose, Mr. Presi-
dent, to commit my own views upon the several
topics referred to this committee to writing, and tc
present them to the Senate in the form of a minor-
ity report. Upon reflection, however, I have
deemed it not expedient to do so. This determi-
nation renders it proper for me to say, in general
terms, that, as was anticipated, it was my misfor-
tune to differ with the committee on most of the
prominent features of their report. Of course, sir,
i am not to be considered responsible for the rea-
sonings of the report. There are indeed many
things in that report from which I think nobody
will dissent; but there are other matters upon
which there prevails in the country a great diver-
sity of opinion. It is enough fi.r me to say now,
disclaiming the responsibility for the report, that
1 do not deem it proper on this occasion to detain
the Senate with a moie particular expression of
my views. I will reserve them until these meas-
ures shall come before us for discussion, when I
may think it pioper to go more particularly into a
defence of my views.
There is,however, Mr. President, one thing.upon
which i think it expedient to say a word now; that
is, the subject of the construction to be given to the
resolutions of annexation by which Texas came
into the Union. That, sir, is a subject which f
should have preferred to have permitted to pass
without the expression of any opinion. It will be
observed, however, that the repoit professes to pre-
sent the unanimous opinion of the committee on
that point. So far as the subject is discussed m
the report, I am compelled to say that my opinion
coincides with that of the rest of the committee;
that is to say, as a mere question of construction
of that resolution. I deem the resolution itself
too explicit, and too clearly expressed to admit of
cavil or doubt. So far as lespects the power of
Congress to admit States located in Territories
not originally within the Union, it is my decided
opinion that it is a question considered settled by
the long-continued practice of the Government.
There is, however, another point which the com-
mittee have not discussed, upon which I choose
now briefly to speak. It has been argued, that
although these resolutions are valid so far as to
admit Texas as a member of the Union, yet the
terms of the resolution are not, in all respects,
binding upon Congress. The argument is founded
upon ail objection taken at the time of the passage
of the resolution, that it was not competent to
biing Texas into this Union by means of an act
of legislation. It was objected that it should be
done thtough the medium, agency, and exercise
of the treaty-making power. I was most deci-
dedly of that opinion myself at the time this reso-
lution was passed. But 1 cannot say, Mr. Piesi-
dent, that I am, as yet, satisfied with the argument
drawn from the supposed unconstitutionality of
adopting that resolution by legislative power alone.
I am still inclined to the opinion that if Texas is
admitted into the Union at all, she must be ad-
mitted upon the terms expressed in the resolution.
But, sir, inasmuch as no action is now proposed
on that subject, I have not deemed it my duty to
give to this branch ot the inquiry the examination
which would be necessary and proper if 1 were
now to be called upon to act. I have merely to
add, tlierefoie, that, should it be my fate hereafter
to be called upon to act upon this question, I
should reserve to myself the liberty of chan^nic
the opinion which 1 at present hold.
My object, therefore, m relation to this portion
of the report, is mtiely to qualify the opinion
exptes.-ed, and to leserve for tutuie consideration
arid future decision the torce of the argument
drawn from the constitutional objections to which
I havealluded. Indeed, so far as this whole topic
is concerned, it would have been more agreeable
to my wishes, and more conformable to my own
