2044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 27,
was then compelled to leave the Senate for his
home. It was afterwards given ia charge of the
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pea.rce,] who has
given it his attention, and conducted it with signal
ability, as he ever does subjects of this kind. The
Committee on Indian Affairs did call upon us on
one occasion, and asked an interview, when we
were almost swamped with that vast bill making
civil and diplomatic appropriations. We had no
opportunity of turning aside from our ordinary du-
ties. We could not have done so if we would,
and would not if we eould; for the bill v^e had un-
der consideration was the more important matter.
If there is anything wrong about it, the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs should have called upon us
at an earlier day for their conference—at the com-
mencement of the session—and not when we had
the civil and diplomatie bill under consideration—
when we were in tne midst of it, and in haste to
report it. I made no complaint of that, however.
I said it was notour business to review their re-
port as a committee. , I repeat that*such is not our
theory, nor will it be our practice as far as I c-m
control it. They should have brought their sub-
jects here, and obtained the action of the Senate
upon them, and then we would have appropriated
for them in the manner of past laws.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have sat here and
given negative votes upon some half a dozen prop-
ositions, Tipori the ground that 1 had no opportu-
nity to investigate the merit3 of the cases against
which I voted, and also upon the ground that they
were private claims, and had no right to be intro-
duced and attached to this general appropriation
bill. 1 have been overruled in every instance, and
the practice is still persisted in. I now rise, once
for all, to enter my protest against this species of
legislation, and I beg leave to make one or two re-
marks in reply to suggestions for its continuance.
"We are told that at some future day we will have
a rule, and when you have made the rule, denoun-
cing the impropriety of this course, then we will
adhere to it. Now, if it be acknowledged in this
way that this course is perfectly erroneous, why
not carry out what is true and proper without a
rule? Why wait for the passage of the rule to
prohibit our doing a thing acknowledged to be ut-
terly wrong and improper? The very fact that
gentlemen get up and notify us that the day is
coming when they will make a rule to prohibit this
course of proceeding is a condemnation of the prac-
tice we are now indulging in.
Gentlemen tell us that the Committee on In-
dian Affairs have examined this matter, and we
must take it on trust. Now, sir, what is practiced
every day by the Senate, in regard to reports of
other committees r An Indian bill comes up, and
a. gentleman rises and asks for the reading of the
report. I wish to test it in this case; for half a
dozen amendments have been made. Suppose I rise
and say that 1 want to hear the report read. Had
we done everything so, we could not have ad-
vanced. And I suppose if the reports had been
as volumnious and as intricate as the Senator
from Ohio [VIr. Ewing] tells us that this is, we
should have had to read and reread it before we
could have comprehended it in all its bearings.
But now, instead of taking the ordinary course,
and asking for the reading of the report, and
attempting to understand what we are about, and
how we are making appropriations of public
money, we are to take it all upon trust, and
not even to ask for the reading of the report, but
to make an amendment without; and that, too,
upon what grounds? Why, it is said by my friend
from Missouri [Mr. Atchison] that the report has
been upon your table for two months; and if you
have not read it, it is your own fault, for you have
it before you. Now, does not everybody know
that we must take a little portion of our legislative
time while we are in session to attend to the reading
of reports, and understanding the measures which
the committees have introduced? It is anew idea,
suggested for the first time, that we must come into
our seats every morning prepared from previous
study to act upon bills at once, by having already
read the reports, and that when a bill comes up we
shall thus have to consume no time in asking for
the reading of the report and discussing its merits.
This would be an entire change in all my legisla-
tive experience ^that such a course is to be pursued,
and such a thing is to be made the basis of attach-
ing, time after time, these private bills to these
public appropriation bills.
11 Sir, it is all wrong. And another thing: it is
! i wrong because it is partial. I have had to feel that,
and I expect I shall have to feel it again; for 1 do
j not know but that I may make the examples you
iiiavesetme the basis upon which, when some
I other appropriation bill comes up, I may ask to
| add a few private claims upon it. Atad when I
, come forward to do so, if I meet with my past ex-
i perience, if I meet with the treatment heretofore
i given to me, my bills will be rejected, because that
! is not the proper place for them. Now, we ought
j to legislate upon general principles, and all of us
j ought to fareahke. Thecommittee to which 1 belong
i have reported a great many private bills, but you
1 know that we have not acted on our private cal-
endar at afl during this sesion—such has been the
consumption of time upon leading measures that
have excited the whole country. We have given
no attention to these private bills. No, sir, if the
expedience of the past is any indication of what
will happen in the future, if I should bring up a
few of these private measures, I should expect to
receive the same fate that I heretofore received.
I have seen this thing, and 1 therefore say this
course is partial m its operation upon members on
this floor. The course is, that we are to receive
upon trust, without due examination, propositions
for appropriations out of the public Treasury.
Mr. BERRIEN. The stress of the argument
of the Senator from Kentucky, who has just taken
his seat, is, that this is a private claim. Now, I
protest agairst this being considered as a private
claim, in any aspect in which you may view it.
It is a claim arising under a treaty made by the
United States with an Indian tribe. If this treaty
had been negotiated between the United States
and a foreign Government, and you had been called
upon by that Government to fulfill the stipulations
of that treaty, it would not have been argued here
that we were to consider it- as a private claim.
Now, although these people cannot justly be con-
sidered as a nation—as a foreign nation—standing
upon a footing with you and the proper subjects
of treaty with you, yet" you treat them as such,
deal with them as nations, and you are equally
bound to respond to their claims in the capacity
which you have assigned to them, as if they were
foreign and civilized nations. It ia not, therefore,
a private claim, and the whole ground of the Sen-
ator's argument is, therefore, taken from him
when the claim is understood in its just and proper
light.
Mr. BELL. I will not argue this matter at
length. I rise merely to suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky and the Senator from New York
that they did not attend sufficiently to this matter
to understand the nature and principle of this
claim. There is no analogy between this and
a private claim. It is a matter between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and this Indian tribe,
and I do not, therefore, think it is a private
claim. There is no analogy between this claim
and the principle which the Senate is called
upon to decide. The Senator from New York
says that the Committee on Finance are to make
appropriations for subjects provided for by law.
The question now is not whether this claim shall
be paid. The committees of the House and the
Senate have decided that it shall be paid. It is
decided by the treaty of 1846 that it shall be paid.
We have the law for this approriation. The
Senate has agreed to pay this debt, and the only
thing is to settle the nature of the obligation,
whicn I suppose oould be done by means of the
square or some other root. [Laughter.] Now,
sir, 1 wish to state one fact. I believe it has never
been disputed that we should pay this debt, bgt
the question is as to the amount that is due under
the law.
There were difficulties at the last session of Con-
gress, growing out of the divisions of the Chero-
kees. 1 believe the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia and my honorable friend from New York
were both on the Committee on Finance the last
year. And what did we do, sir, there, and on the
Committee on Indian Affairs? There were, owing
to these difficulties, some $200,000 or $300,000
which were not satisfactorily adjusted. Well,
what did we do ? Why, the Indians said, give us
what is satisfactorily adjusted and understood to
be due under the treaties, and we will wait until the
next session to have that balance settled by the
accounting officer. We made a report to the Sen-
ate accordingly. We asked an appropriation of
#1,230 ,000, to go sfc far towards the liquidation of
all that was due. The Senate agreed to it, and
passed it. My honorable friend from Virginia and
the Finance Committee agreed to it. The appro-
priation would have been made in the other House,
but failed on account of time. All that I wish to
say is, that you have already made an appropria-
tion, at the last session of Congress, for $1,200,000
of this sumrand that it is only the comparatively
small balance that we are required to act upon for
the first time now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I intend to put myself
right upon this subject.
Several Senators. "(Question !" "Question!"
Mr. UNDERWOOD. You will get the ques-
tion when I have said what I have to say, and not
before.
Mr. BADGER. I doubt it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. You may doubt it as
you like.
The PRESIDENT. Gentlemen will please to
come to order.
Mr. BADGER. I meant to say that I doubt
whether we shall get it then.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have the floor now,
and I intend to keep it until I have stated my posi-
tion correctly, against the representations of that
position as made by the honorable Senators from
Georgia and Tennessee. They say that the error
of toy argument rests upon the fact that I regard
this as a private claim, and that it is not to be
viewed in the light of a pyivate claim. Now, if
any individual will demonstrate what constitutes a
private claim, and if this does notcom'e within the
definition, then I will confess that f am Wrong. I
want to know if it makes any difference In this
"respect whether the motley goes to a single indi-
vidual or to a whole tribe. Is a claim any the
less a private claim because it is made by two per-
sons than if it were made by one? Not at all.
The numbers, then, make no difference. What,
then, is the other distinction which they attempt
to make? It is, sir, that they say that this appro-
priation is based upon a treaty, and that because
it is to be made in pursuance of a treaty, which is
the public law of the land, that prevents it from
being a private claim. Let us examine that state-
ment. If you pay spoliations committed upon
citizens of a foreign country, and pay them in
compliance with the stipulations of a treaty, do
they cease on that account to be private claims ?
Take the case of the Mexican claims which the
Government of the United States assumed to pay
by the treaty of peace with Mexico. You have a
commission now to settle those claims, and to ap-
portion the money among the claimants. Have
those claims ceased to be private claims because
they are to be paid under a treaty? Unquestion-
ably they have not. The claim is none the less a
private claim because it is paid in pursuance of
law. Every claim is paid under the authority of
law. The remarks of the Senator from New York
were conclusive upon that point. 1 hope that
these suggestions are sufficient to show that this
claim is not one which ought to be favored on the
ground that it is not a private claim, and therefore
the arguments which I applied to it are not inap-
plicable. Mr. President, I know that what I have
said will probably have no effect. I shall therefore
not trespass further upon the time of the Senate.
Mr. WALKER. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer:
"Provided, That in no ease shall any money hereby ap-
propriated be paid to any agent, or to any other person than
to the Indian or Indians to whom it is due."
Mr. STURGEON. Mr. President, X hope that
amendment will not prevail. I see no reason why
the Government should interfere between the In-
dians and their agents.
Mr. WALKER. The treaty requires it to be
paid to the Indians themselves.
Mr. EW1NG-. I think the amendment is right.
It does not mean that the money shall not be paid
to the agent of the United States among the Indians,
to be paid to them, but that it shall not be paid to
agents here.
Mr. BELL. I see no objection to. paying the
money to any agents whom the Indians may see
fit to appoint- The Cherokees are not in the habit
of appointing agents who cannot be trusted. I be-
lieve their agents are now in the city, waiting to
receive this money. That tribe, at least, is gen-
erally represented by able and intelligent gentlemen
from their nation, such as are here now.
