950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
introduced into that territory through the ports of
San Francisco and San Diego, and, as 1 believe,
chiefly through the latter,as well as those growing
out of the mineral riches which are found there—
I could not consent to place these entirely within
the control of a single State of this Union. If I
had looked at that question in connection with the
subject of slavery, it would have been desirable to
have had California in one rather than several
States. But believing, as I did, that the interests
of the United States would be more effectually
protected by the check which different States on
that sea-board would present to each other, I
thought it unwise on that ground to assent to the
admission of California with her present bounda-
ries. I believed it was entirely competent to make
two States, giving to that portion of the people
residing North—not of 36° 30', but of 35° 30'—
a convenient division of the territory for the es-
tablishment of a valuable member of the Union. !
I found, however, a difficulty of a higher char- |
acter, in relation to the admission of California, ]
in the proposed number of membeis to De allowed \
to her in the House of Representatives of the I
United States. I hold that difficulty to be consti- I
tutional, and could not vote for it, unless upon the |
same principle on which I would vote for the
Missouri compromise; that is to say, on the
ground that the public safety required me to do
an act beyond the limits of the Constitution, and
to throw myself upon the justice and generosity
of my constituents for my justification. Except
such a state of things should arise, it seemed to
me that there was a constitutional objection to the
proposition to admit California with two Repre-
sentatives. I found in the Constitution of the
United States a provision that each State should
be entitled to one Representative. I found that,
for the purpose of having any number of mem-
bers beyond that, it required that the representa-
tion should be apportioned according to numbers;
that the existing apportionment would require, in
order to give California two Representatives, a
population of one hundred and forty-one thousand
three hundred and sixty—not transient persons,
not foreigners, not merely native Caliiormans,
who are not yet citizens of the United States under
the treaty—but that number of settled inhabitants
of the country, of that class of persons who were
contemplated by the framers of the Constitution,
when they required a census for the purpose of
fixing the ratio of representation. JNow, sir, I
have no evidence of the fact. I do not believe
that anybody else has any evidence of it. i do
not believe that the fact exists. Although there :
may be a great number of persons in tf re territory,
yet 1 do not believe there can be found there that
number of settled inhabitants, who are citizens of j
the United States within the contemplation of that i
provision of the Constitution which requires that |
representation shall be apportioned according to
numbers. If, v.itfi this convicuon upon my mind, ,
I acquiesce in the admission of California into the [
Union, i acquiesce in that admission in derogation .'i
of the rights of every other Slate, since they are
all restricted to that provision of the Constitution
and made to conform to it. For these leasons, I
found it impossible to concur in the provision f
which contemplates the admission of California. I
I did concur most cheerfully in that provision
which proposes to give governments to the Terri- i
tories of New Mexico and Deseret. i was desirous '
of fulfilling our obligations to that people to afford !
them the protection of governments and laws. I i:
concurred most cheerfully in the omission of the 1
Wilmot proviso, but J regretted that that had not !,
been a simple act, unaccompanied by the reasons i'
which took from it the healing influences upon the !
public mind it would otherwise have had. It lefi i,
the lnlerence to be fairly deduced, that, in the i'
opinion of the committee, a power existed to im- I
pose that restriction, arid that it might be exer- l!
cised whenever a case should arise rendering it '■
necessary to do so. I believed that this expres- !■
sion of the reasons which induced the withholding i
of that proviso was calculated to diminish the 1
beneficial influence it would have in pxoducing ,
harmony among the people of the United States, '
H/Itl quieting the agitation in the country. |
With iexpect to the boundary of Texas, I was
desirous that it should be fixed either at thiity-four 1
degrees, or at some point approaching it; which ;
wouid h ve left the settlement existing m the vi- j.
cimty of El Paso, and south of the desert, of from ij
eighty to ninety miles, which was found there
when that boundary was fixed, that this settlement
should be included within the State of Texas, to
which it is properly attached, and not annexed to
New Mexico, from which it is separated by this
desert. It is possible that the line suggested by
the committee—the line beginning twenty miles
above El Paso—may accomplish this object. If
it does not—and the fact may be ascertained during
the discussion in the Senate—it will be necessary
to change this line, because its adoption was made
with a view to the accomplishment of an object
which it will have failed to accomplish.
Upon these points, sir, it was my misfortune to
differ from the committee. It is a gratification to
me to believe that the committee has rendered a
i valuable service to the country for presenting this
j project. 1 do not abandon the hope that in the
i progress of this measure through the Senate, such
j modifications may be made ai will relieve it from
j the difficulties which now press upon my mind.
| If that is the result of our deliberations, no one
! will more cordially rejoice in the course pursued
j by the Senate upon this occasion, and in the res-
' toration of that harmony which will be the result
' of it. I have no doubt that the effect of any prop-
| osition which shall receive the sanction of both
j Houses of Congress will be temporarily beneficial
! upon the public mind; that it will tend to prevent
| any outbreak. It is my earnest desire to go be-
J yond this; to present, if it be possible, some com-
; promise in which the North and South might unite,
! feeling that they stood securely under the protec-
i tion of the Constitution.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, it is with a
; great deal of reluctance that 1 rise to follow an
I example that has been set me, and which 1 would
j have been very slow to set myself, but I feel in
I some sort called upon to make a remark or two.
j I originally, as you know, sir, went for the raising
: of this select committee. I did it with a view that
| they might harmonize, if possible, the distractions
! and the bad feelings of the country. I knew, sir,
j that upon many of (he present questions or diffi-
j culties between the North and South, they were
as widely apart m their abstract views as the poles,
J and I entered upon the very humble part which 1
j have performed on this committee, with a spirit of
! justice to both sections of tiie Union. 1 neither
j desired to take the weight of a hair from the North,
; to which they were entitled, nor to concede to the
North any unieasonable requirements which they
; might make.
iiut, sir, from the very nature of things, all
questions or controversies of this character, that
have pervaded this country, and deeply agitated
it, and stiiied up the passions of men from one
; extreme to the other, every man of common ex-
perience, and, indeed, of common sense, as I ap-
piehend, must know that any scheme which is to
command the approbation of a large majority of
the people, will be open to a diversity of criticisms.
Sir, it we act upon the principle of hypercriti-
cism, if we act upon the principle of standing dog-
matically upon posiuons which we may have as-
sumed at a former time, I venture to say that this
question never will be adjusted, and what will
ultimately become of it the wisest man in my hear-
ing may not be able to say. Sir, for this leason I
entered into this committee, that, so far as in my
power, I might assist in endeavoring to bung
about an adjustment upon practical ground, that
of doing equal justice to every portion of the Con-
federacy.
If the North should set up pretensions which,
in my opinion, had no warrant in the Constitu-
tion, or, if they had warrant in the Constitution,
were yet wholly inadmissible, because they were
disparaging and disrespectful, I would repel them;
and while I would do that, I would set up no
claims on the part of the South which were not
strictly within the limits of the Constitution.
feir, 1 shall never feel any gratification jn having
one portion of the country gam a triumph over
another portion, or in promoting the vvellaie of
one section at the expense of another section. I
desire to see the country again restored to that
position when every man, be he Whig or be he
Demociat, may hold out to his fellow man the '
right hand of fellowship. Let us differ if u e please
on this or that question of policy; but upon those
questions which touch the integrity of the Union
and perpetuity of the Government, and shake the i
solid continent to its centre, I can have but one !
heart, one will, one mind; and that is to do justice
to all; to ask for no concessions to which we are
not entitled, and not to make any which I cannot
properly and constitutionally make. So far as
libeiality goes within the scope of my consti-
tutional obligations, I hope I will not fall short
of any other man, no matter from what section
of the Union he may come. Now, in reference to
this report and the bills which accompany it, I,
in common with every other member of the com-
mittee, found some things of more or less mag-
nitude, which did not perhaps suit my feelings or
accord with my opinions. But, sir, why did we
raise such a committee, if every man who might be
selected as one of its members should expect that
hi3 positions would be agreed to ? Sir, such a
scheme with such expectations would be utterly
useless, I might say, absurd. Never, 3ir, should
we have had the Constitution framed under which
we now live and prosper, and of which we are all
proud, and to which we are all devoted, if every
member of the Convention which fiamed that Con-
stitution had acted upon this piinciple. There
were indeed a few things that 1 could have wished
to be otherwise in the bills reported; but I take
great pleasure, sir, in saying that I take it as a
whole with cordiality—yes, with pleasure; be-
lieving as I do that the agitators, wherever they
may live—in whatever portion of the Union—if
we should be so fortunate as to carry this measure,
will be unhorsed, defeated, and fall into disrepute;
" Othello's occupation will be gone." The coun-
try, sir, has been deeply agitated and disturbed;
great fears have been entertained by the best and
wisest men as to the possibility of preserving the
integrity and peroetuuy of the Union, and many
of them have passed sleepless nights (I have passed
mine) in anxiety for their country's good. Sir, if
we should pass any adjustment upon the broad
principle of equity and justice—as I am inclined to
believe, do firmly believe—the proposition now
presented contains this principle. I think the re-
port will be cordially and favorably received by a
vast and overwhelming majority of the country;
and those who gainsay it—those who criticise it—
those who oppose it, will in many quarters find
themselves marked men, and some will have ap-
plied to them the burning brand of public indigna-
tion, lhat, if it do not burn into the bone, will leave
a mark that they will carry with them to their
political giaves. Sir,l hope to see the restoration
nf that concord and harmony and good feeling
which has formerly pervaded every section of this
Union. I trust we shall see it; and I trust that
the patriotic party, as I regard them—the men
who stand up here without any other power to
impel them to action except their belief that it is
the will of much the greatest portion of the good
men of the country, and for their enduring happi-
ness and glory—if, under the favor of Heaven,
that party should succeed in bringing this matter to
a consummation, they will be regarded by an over-
whelming portion of the country as the great patri-
otic party of the land, standing upon the ramparts
of the Constitution and recognizing and sustain-
ing all its principles and guarantees. And I think,
sir, that those three or more classes with whom
this party may have to contend—abolitionists, free
soilers, renegadoes, &c.—will, if they continue to
agitate, fall into contempt; for 1 trust they will not
be strong enough to excite a stronger, and be over-
whelmed by the severe and ultimate judgment of
thecountry. Sir, with all this diifeience of opinion,
it is matter of surprise to me that we have agreed
so well; for when did you ever see two men whose
opinions were exactly alike upon such subjects as
those which have been referred to this committee,
various, difficult, and complicated as they were ?
Sir, if we are to stand upon those little di versities
of opinion, the question never will he settled. I
believe lhat these bills contain all that is requisite
to satisfy all the different sections of the country,
and I cherish a strong hope that they will become
laws, and meet the approbation of the good, en-
lightened, and patriotic. At all events, l am ready
to give whatever of will, heart, and might I pos-
sess, to the consummation of this, as 1 regard it,
gionous and patriotic object.
Mr. CLEMENS. As 1 intend to vote against
the measures reported by the committee of thir-
teen, I do not choo3e that their report shall go out
to thecountry with even that sanction which si-
lence implies. The Senator from North Caiolina
has asked why this committee was raised, if we
