1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GJOBE
2045
Mr. DAYTON. I am not familiar with these
subjects; but, from such .knowledge and impres-
sions as I have, it seems to me that this amend-
ment is wrong. This money, if I understand it,
is due to the Cherokee nation per capita, and if
this amendment is passed the money wilt have; to
be paid to each individual of the tribe. I wani to
know whether it is considered practicable fo-r the
Indian agent to make such individual payments.
Mr, EWING. Yes; thati^all right. -Fheln-
dian agent pays per capita to each, member of the
tribe."
Mr. DAYTON. Will the Secretary be kind
enough to read the proviso again ?
The amendment was again read.
Mr. EWJNG. To whom the money is due.
Now being under the law due per capita it should
be paid per capita to each individual of the tribe.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I think the diffi-
culty with the Senator from the New Jersey is,
that he confounds the payment to agents here with
the payment made through the Indian agent resi-
ding with the tribe. I have had some opportunity
for observation upon this method of payment. It
was adopted among tke Winnebago Indians. I
was present on one occasion when the payment
was made, and it gave great satisfaction to the
tribe.
Tne amendment to the amendment was adopted;
ayes 24, noes 21.
The question being taken on the amendment as
amended, it was agreed to.
Mr. BARNWELL. Mr. President, I am re-
quested by my friend from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] to
move the reconsideration of*the vote which was
taken, limiting t&e extension of the treaty tOvthe
south of the St. Peter's river. I voted for the
amendment myself, and I shall vote for it again;
but, at his request, I move the reconsideration of
that vote.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I trust the motion will
prevail to reconsider,and then that the amendment
will be rejected. It is a feature ingrafted upon the
motion of the Senator from Maryland, and will,
I think, work very great mischief. It will, at least,
embarrass the action of the commissioners and of
the Indian department.
Mr. FREMONT. I hope the reconsideration
will be granted, and the amendment be rejected.
It relates to a very large tract of land, of great
fertility, and which will be of great utility to Min-
nesota. It abounds in small streams and lakes,
and is one of the most beautiful regions in the
Northwest.
The question being taken upon the motion to
reconsider, it was agreed to—ayes 23, noes not
counted.
The question recurring upon the adoption of the
amendment, it was rejected.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading of the bill*
* CALIFORNIA BILLS.
Mr. GWIN. Now 1 hope we shall take up the
California business. It will occupy but half an
hour.
Mr. DICKINSON. If that is all, I will make
no objection.
The PRESIDENT. It came up, as a matter of
course, the moment the other question was dis-
posed of.
The first bill in order was the bill establishing
a recorder of land titles in California.
Mr. GWIN asked that it be passed over.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
The Senate, on motion by Mr. GWIN, pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the con-
sideration of the bill to ascertain and settle private
land claims in the State of California.
Mr. FREMONT. That bill comes before the
Senate a lutie crippled. It makes part of a sys-
tem to which the bill previously in order—the bill
to establish a recorder of land titles—belongs. But
there is some opposition to that bill, and we pass
it over. As it stands, this bill conforms to the de
cisions of the Supreme Court and to the usual
form, with but two exceptions. The first is the
provision which makes a decision in favor of the
claimant by the commissioners, in the first place,
final against the United States. The other provis-
ion mikes a decision in the district court in favor
of the claimant also final against the United States.
These provisions were introduced for two reasons:
first, to quiet the country, and to contribute to us
general prosperity; but a further reason is,, that a
d-ect&ion of their own law officers, their own judges,
the arbitrators of the United States^ ought to be
final against the United States. The people ought
not to be kept waiting for the law for years, per-
haps, far an adjudication. 1 state these reasons,
and leave the bill to the Senate, to stand upon its
own merits.
Mr. EWING. I think, Mr. President, we
ought, in this case, to follow the ordinary mode of
adjudicating land titles: Appoint commissioners^
let them decide upon the case. Direct the district
attorney to attend to the cases before the commis-
sioners. If, in his judgment, the decision is right,
let there be no appeal. If he think the decision is
wrong, let hina take the appeal, which shall be
allowed to go to the Suprme Court and be decided
I think so for this reason: There are many of these
titles that are worth millions—very heavy sums.
1 dare say there may be half a dozen titles found
there, each of which may be worth more than a
million dollars. If it is too much to be finally
settled by the decision of a commissioner or com-
missioners, it ought to be settled in a court of
justice, before a regular court, where the counsel
for the public may see whether the decisions are
right or wrong, and that the case is properly con-
ducted. Without doubting that the commission-
ers would do all that is right, one thing I know:
the public would not place the confidence in them
that they do in our ordinary tribunals. 1 am
therefore of opinion with the Senator from Cali-
fornia, who sits near me, [Mr. Gwiw,] that we
ought to have an appeal m all cases above a given
sum in value. And I would fix the sum either at
$2,000, the ordinary sum, or at $5,000 perhaps,
which would be a little larger than the ordinary
sum. This is the only principle to be settled be-
tween the members of California. I have had
some consultation with them; and if this be in-
serted, or if this question be settled in any form,
it puts an end to all difficulty, and the bill can be
immediately framed and passed. 1 am in favor of
an amendment which will allow an appeal in all
cases above a given value.
In the first place, however, I will move another
amendment in the first section of the bill. 1 move
to amend the first section, by striking out, after
the word "shall" in the Tth line, the following
words:
" Sit annually for three years at the following plates, to
wit: At Los Angeles on the first Monday in February, at
Monterey on the first Monday m June, at San Jo^6 on the
first Monday in August, at Sacramento on the first Monday
in October, and at Sonoma on the first Monday ia Novem-
ber;"
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
"Hold their sessions at such times and places as the
President of the United States shall direct."
So that the section would read, if amended, as
follows:
" Be it enacted, fyc., That, for the purpose of ascertaining
and settling the private laud claims in the State of Califor-
nia, these commissioners shall be appointed b> the Presi-
dent, by and with the advtce and consent of the Senate,
who shall hold their sessions at such times and places as
the President of the Unib'd Slates shall direct."
Mr. BENTON. That is a small amendment;
but the Senator from Ohio having given us his
general view of what the nature of the bill should
be,.and commencing with what I suppose to be a
series of amendments for the purpose of carrying
out his general idea 
Mr. EWiNG. This does not come to that
question at all. These amendments are agreed to
by the Senators from California, let the form be
what it may.
Mr. BENTON, (t is immaterial to me what
has been agreed to; 1 stand here for myself. The
Senator from Ohio has made known his principle,
and he has commenced with amendments which
are subordinate to that principle, and which are in-
tended to carry it out. I disagree to his principle,
and consequently I expect to disagree to its inci-
dents. And here, Mr President, [ will premise
that the American Government does what no other
Government on the face of the earth does in civil-
ized country. The American Government, in ob-
taining possession of a country, no matter how old
or how new, arraigns every title in the country,
assumes every title in the country to be invalid, and
institutes asetof proceedings by which every man,
without regard to his length of possession, is to
come forward, and, in a court of justice, make
good hi^ title, or else lose his possession. Sir,
where else is this done in any part of the civilized
world at this moment? A conquered nation re-
mains undisturbed - in the possession of their,
homes. The time was when all the lands of a
conquered country were taken by the conqueror.
The eonquerpr of England, the Duke of Norman-
dy, was an eminent instance of this. But, sir, it
was a cruel thing. It was a cruel thing for the
Conqueror to take the lands of the people by force;
but I deem it still more cruel to take them through
the fortius of law by putting them into courts in
which they must sink half their value to defend
their title. I have seen the workings of this sys--
tem. I saw it in Missouri, where the United States
assumed the invalidity of every claim in ^he State,
and required every one to be proved, and under-
took to specify cases in which the title should be
null and void. The Supreme Court, upon that
subject, declared that the Congress of the United
Slates could not mean what they said: that they
coutd not mean to make null and void the title of
any man, because they had not the power to do so.
That was a legislative power which they bad no
authority to exercise; and they (the Supreme
Court) would assume that the Congress of the
United States did not mean what the words im-
ported, and that no title was to be destroyed, be-
cause no title could be destroyed by a legislative
act.
I have seen the progress of this thing in Mis-
souri. I have seen the old settlers called up be-
fore the boards of commissioners, and courts, and
justices, and Federal courts, and finally to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, until many of
them, worn out with vexation £bd reduced to
despair, have sold valuable claims for a mere trifle,
or given a large proportion of them to lawyers to
defend them; and very many quit the country and
went off to the Spanish dominions, and obtained
fresh land. What is now the State of Texas was
settled precisely in that manner. It was settled
by a colony from the Territory of Missouri—
many of them being persons with whom both the
Senator from Texas and myself are personally
acquainted—who went to the Spanish dominions.
I have seen a recent decision of ihe Supreme
Court, by which I apprehend that claims to the
amount of several millions will be governed in
Missouri, and yet those old claimants had parted
with their claims long ago on account of the dif-
ficulty and delay to which they were subjected in
the Federal courts; and all this, too, more than
forty years after the United Slates had acquired
the country. I look upon it, then, as a hardship—
a cruel hardship—upon any people, whether their
territory be purchased or conquered, to have the
home of every man presumed to he held by a
fraudulent title until it is proved to be good. That
principle was acted upon in Louisiana and in
Upper Missouri, to the ruin of masses of the old
inhabitants. And now the same thing is pro-
posed to be done for California. Sir, California ia
older than the United States. California was set-
tled in 1770, and the Declaration of Independence
of the United States was only in 1776. We are1
younger than Cal forma, and we now stand up
and assume every title in the coumry to be
invalid, to be fraudulent against the United States,
and mean to put them through the process of
going through our courts to sustain them, or sub-
ject them to ihe decision of a commission; and if
that decision should not be satisfactory, then they
are to he brought up here to the Supreme Court
of the United Slates for final decision. Sir, there
may be cases that should come up to the Supreme
Court; but all sympathy for a conquered people,
all sense of justice, should be against such a pro-
ceeding as is contemplated by this bill. 1 admit,
sir, (hat it is imperative on the Senators from Cal-
ifornia to come forward with a bill conforming to
the general policy of the United States on this
subject. Tbey have to do it; they have to con-
form to the general policy; but, sir, they ought
to throw into that bill everything to alleviate the
'cruel policy that hus been practiced heretofore—
everything that would save the people from a
universal arraignment and impeachment of every
title in the couniry.
Sir, California was settled eighty years ago.
Almost three generations have passed away since
then; and now, at the end of this time, every one of
these people, without any sort of exemption, is to
be brought before a tribunal of the United States to
prove the titles which th^y have got, arid to prove
them to be free from fraud. Fraud against
