1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
951
were not prepared to yield something of our former
opinions in obedience to its report? God knows
for what it was raised; I do not. I voted for it,
it is true, because every one of those with whom
1 have been in the habit of acting, voted for it,
and rather than separate from them I yielded my
judgment to theirs. But 1 had no expectation
then that any good would result from it; I ex-
pected it to result as it has resulted.
Sir, it seems to me that a strange change has
come over the dreams of the Senator from North
Carolina, {Mr. Mangum.] It seems to me that I
heard him denounce the resolutions offered by the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] in the early
part of this session, in language quite as strong as
any used by myself—and now 1 ask, in all sin-
cerity, and with an anxious desire to be corrected
if my impressions are erroneous, what is this re-
port but a repetition of those resolutions? Where
is there a solitary deviation from them in any vital
point? From the remarks made by the Senator
from Kentucky at the time those resolutions were
introduced, from the earnestness of his manner,
and his known firmness of purpose, it was not to
be expected he would make any wide departure
from the plan then submitted. He has not done
so; he has been consistent; he has abided by his
original plan, and those of us who denounced it
then, cannot support it now, and claim the merit
of consistency. To do so would be giving the
lie direct to the declarations we then made. In
using this word I mean nothing but what is en-
tirely respectful. I mean simply, that to support
this report would be a flat contradiction of all our
former assertions.
The Senator from North Carolina speaks of lib-
erality, of the propriety and necessity of liberality.
Sir, the Constitution is not a thing about which we
are at liberty to exercise that very commendable
quality. It is not in my power to exercise liber-
ality here I have no right so to trifle with my
sworn duties. 1 am not here to compromise away
the provisions of the Constitution. I have asked
for no concession at any time, and I ask now for
none. Whatever the letter of the supteme law
gives me, I am entitled to receive—moiel have
never sought.
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] has
saved me the necessity ot saying many things I
intended to say, and I shall confine my remarks to
three facts assumed by the report, and which I
maintain are not facts. It assumes, first, that
there was a controlling necessity on the part of
California to adopt a constitution and form of State
government. 1 deny the fact, and insist that there
was no more necessity for this course on the part
of California than there was for a like course on
the part of New Mexico and Deseret—not so much
as there was on the part of Oregon, when she was
left for years without government of any kind, or
the protection even of.a company of dragoons.
Then, sir, this pretext of necessity will not bear
examination. In other words, the (act assumed is
not a fact. California acted under the compulsion
of no greater necessity than operated upon the
other teiritones.
It assumes, secondly, that California contained
a sufficient population within the meaning of the
Constitution to authorize what she has done.
Sir, there is no such evidence in our possession.
On the contrary, the evidence is all the other way.
That there may be people enough in California is
quite possible, but the word " people" does not
mean inhabitants; that is a very different term.
The army of the United States, now in California,
are " people;" those who have gone there for the
purpose of trading, or gold-digging, are " people;"
but they are not '• inhabitants;" they are not per-
manent settlers, and do not constitute one of the
elements of a State. I repeat that there is no evi-
dence that California contains a sufficient number
of " free inhabitants" to entitle her to one Repre-
sentative, much less two. It will not do to at-
tempt to get round this matter by using the term
"people." I do not mean "people,"—the Con-
stitution does not mean "people"—it means in-
habitants.
The report also assumes another fact, which is
not a fact. It assumes that, though there have
been irregularities m the case oi California, those
irregularities are no greater than have accompanied
the admission of other Stales; and having once
been waived by Congress, they may well be
waived again. 1 have heard this same argument
used again and again on the floor of the Senate, and
I have prepared myself to show that it is entirely
withoutfoundation. It is not by taking a fact here
and another there, and separating them from a
mass of other facts which control and govern them,
that we can arrive at truth. I intend to show the
circumstances attending the admission of every
new State into the Union, and the country will then
be enabled to judge whether there is any precedent,
or even the pretence of a precedent, for the admis-
sion of California. The first State which was ad-
mitted into the Union was Vermont, which was
carved out of the State of New York, according to
a clause in the Constitution authorizing the for-
mation of new States out of old States. There
was no act authorizing it to form a territorial gov-
ernment, because there was no such requirement
in the Constitution. The constitution autho-
rized its formation upon the assent of the State
of New York; and the State of New York did
give that assent. The people adopted the consti-
tution on the 25th of December, 1777. It was
admitted in the year 1791, after the people of
New York had given their assent in the year 1790.
That was the Sist State admitted; there was no
territorial government, because none was required
of a State so situated. Kentucky was the next
State which was admitted. That State wuscarved
out of Virginia, under the same clause of the Con-
stitution, and subject to the same regulations. The
next was Tennessee. This was a tertitory; a ter-
ritorial government was established for Tennessee
in 1790, and in 1796 Congress admitted that State
into the Union. The Senate rejected her applica-
tion. The House insisted on her admission, anu
the Senate finally receded; but in her case there
was for six yeais a territorial legislature and gov-
ernor, according to the requirements of law; be-
sides a census of the inhabitants was taken under
her territorial law, and it was established that she
had a sufficient number of free inhabitants. I do
not mean " people, " sir, but " inhabitants. "
Ohio was the next that was admitted. A territo-
rial government was established in August, 1789;
and in April, 1802, Congress authorized them to
form a constitution and State government; and she
was admitted, after having served a territorial
pupilage of thirteen years. Louisiana was ceded
byFrance. Iler territorial government commenced
in Octobcr, 1803; and she was admitted into
the Union in 1812, after serving a territorial pupil-
age of eight and a half years. In Indiana, Missis-
sippi, Illinois, Alabama, Missouri, Arkansas,
Michigan, and Florida there were acts establishing
territorial governments. In Maine there was no
such act; for she was carved out of the State of
Massachusetts. Arkansas was admitted in 1836,
after having served a territorial pupilage of seven-
teen years. Michigan served a similar pupilage
for thirty-two years. Florida served twenty-three
years. Texas, we all know, was a foreign nation,
and admitted by joint resolution. Wisconsin was
admitted in May, 1848, after serving twelve and a
half years, and after a previous act of Congress
entitling her to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment.
Thus, sir, we see that, although in some of these
cases some of the requisites have been dispensed
with, in no case were they all dispensed with; and
in no case has a State been admitted without a suf-
ficient number of inhabitants, according to the re-
quirements of the Constitution. I know that
Florida has been spoken of as an exception; but
she had a sufficient population to authorize her ad-
mission, unless we are to disregard the evidence |
of those who ought to know best. There is not j
a solitary case in which all the requisites have !
been disregarded, except in the case of California. |
I say, then, that the assumption of the fact is not i
warranted; and 1 do not choose that such assump- |
tion of fact should go to the world uncontradicted. >
I shall have occasion, when the subject is m order, I
to discuss the question more at length. I shall |
content myself for the present with the publica- !
tion of the tables from which 1 have read, reserv-
ing other observations for a more appropriate oc-
casion.* [See table on next page.]
Mr. CLAY. I have risen, sir, to say but a few
words. Nothing shall prompt or provoke me at
this time to enter into a discussion upon any por-
tion of the labors of that committee; and I submit
it to honorable Senators, and especially to those
who did not compose any part of the committee—
for, with regard to the members of the committee,
there are reasons peculiar to them for making
some explanations while the subject is fresh, in
oider to guard against any possible misconcep-
tion;—but I submit it to the residue of the Senate,
constituting no part of the committee, whether it
is just and proper, in relation, I will notsay to the
committee and their acts, but in relation to the
country; in relation to the great object of pacifica-
tion; in relation to the great object of once more
producing harmony and peace in the country, is
it right to pounce upon the report unheard, or, if
heard at all, heard only upon its first presentation
to the Senate? I put it to honorable members of
the Senate not constituting any portion of the
committee, whether they do not owe it to them-
selves to look at it deliberately, to consider it dis-
passionately, and to form such a judgment as will
not only recorcile them to their consciences and
to their sense of duty, hut which the country itself
will say is a mature judgment, formed after a de-
liberate consideration of all the pressing and im-
portant matters which are presented.
Sir, with regard to the honorable Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,] what has his course
just been ? A document of this kind, as you know,
Mr. President, never becomes the subject of dis-
cussion. It is the report of a committee. It is
their act, or, more generally, the act of their chair-
man, and never becomes the subject of serious
debate and discussion. In the progress of any
great measure to which it relates, gentlemen may
take it up, hold it up to ridicule,, deny its state-
ments, controvert its facts, apply to it any epiihet
they please; but the report itself, in the course of
ordinary and parliamentary proceedings, is not
acted upon, but the measures reported on the sub-
ject are acted on, as you, sir, know as well, if not
better, than any man in this Senate. The bills
will come up, and what aie contained in these
bills alone are legitimate subjects of discussion.
Sir, with respect to this report, and with re-
spect to these bills, I have enlisted myself in the
cause of my country; 1 have enlisted myself m
the great cause of this Union, and of harmony
among its distracted parts; and I stand here, and
here I mean to stand, to vindicate what has been
done, and to vindicate this report, too, if neces-
sary, from beginning to end, and to show that it
is founded in reason, in fact, and in truth. But I
will not now, sir, be drawn into a discussion
which 1 think untimely, premature, and calculated
to make an impression unfavorable to the final
action of this body; and 1 must say, with great
defeience, by honorable members who have had a
most limited opportunity, indeed, of considering
the result of the labors of the committee.
Mr. FOOTE. Although of a- very impulsive
nature, sir, I confess that my intellectual faculties
do not operate with sufficient rapidity to enable
ine at once, by any exercise of intuition, to arrivs
as suddenly as some of my friends seem to have
done at so satisfactory a conception of a matter so
complex as this is, and one of such extended im-
portance as this report and the bills annexed to it
are, as to induce me to state my views in positive
language, in the hearing of this illustrious body,
upon the great questions involved in this report
and in the bills alluded to. The subject is one
which we all must feel and know to be of vast
importance to this country; of vast importance to
the cause of freedom throughout Christendom; of
vast importance to us and to all generations. It is
one involving many difficult questions—questions
which have perplexed the ablest statesmen in this
land for many years past. This report has been
drawn up evidently with great care. It is the
result of the deliberations of thirteen of the most
distinguished men upon this continent—men re-
markable for the highest qualities that belong
to the human character, moral and intellectual.
This committee of thirteen have addiessed them-
selves to their important labors in a spirit of ele-
vated patriotism; they have laboied night and day
for the purpose of suggesting some scheme of set-
tlement that might prove satisfactory to the whole
Republic. Wnether hereafter I shall be able to
concur m everything contained in this report, and
in the bills which we are about to order to
be printed, it is certain that I feel profoundly
grateful to that committee for the industry, the
persevering energy, the patriotic devotion they
have exhibited from the time that the committee
was raised up to the present moment.
I could not find it in my heart to say anything
