mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
to wound the sensiliiliiies of any member of that
committee, nor am I prepared, with all due defer-
ence to those of my friends who think proper to
pursue a different course—at once, without con-
sideration, without examination, without any op-
portunity of scrutiny—to condemn that report
sweepingly, and to attempt to array public feeling
in opposition to it, in advance even of our having
ordered it to be printed. Forone,sir, I must say,
that 1 trust, upon examination of it, to be able to
concur in all its details. Such is my earnest de-
sire. What I heard of it was gratifying to me.
The general tone and bearing of the report
awakened my highest admiration. Though there
may be some features in the plan to which, here-
after, 1 may feel compelled to express some objec-
tion, 1 must confess that I have heard nothing yet,
that could induce me, even m a whisper, to suggest
disapproval of the labors of the committee. I do
not doubt, sir, that this report will be adopted in
the main; that it will be approved as a whole. It
may undergo some modifications of a trivial
character, but whether it should undergo modi-
fications or not, I do not doubt, that it will tend
to settle the great questions which have so long
vexed thp peace of the country, reestablish public
quiet, enhance the honor of this Republic, and
redound much to the glory of those who have
framed this leport for our consideration.
This much, sir, I have felt bound to say, and I
wish my friends from the South to understand me
distinctly. I do not profess to have more moral
courage than other men, but, much as 1 respect
and confide in them, and much as I should delight
to cooperate with them, if it should turn out—as
I hope will bo the case—that I can approve of
this report and concur with this committee—and I
as earnestly as any member of that committee
desire to see the great objects accomplished for
which they have so assiduously, patriotically, and
nobly labored—1 shall dare to give my consent to
it; and I shall dare to do more—endeavor, in my
own humble way, in every shape and form, to
satisfy my countrymen, north, south, east, and
west, that this report is worthy their approval. I
shall not favor any attempt to get up a sectional
agitation, and, as far as I am myself concerned, I
am willing to leave it to the good sense and sound
patriotism of the people, whom I have the honor
in part to represent here, feeling satisfied that, jf
laboring to do right, I should happen to fail in
some slight respect, I should be more than for-
given; 1 should be justified.
I rose, sir, mainly for the purpose of suggesting
the importance, in justice to the committee, of
printing a large number of extra copies of the re-
port, to go out to the country in connection with
the speeches which some gentlemen have thought
proper to deliver, and will deliver. I am extremely
anxious that this measure should be maturely con-
sidered by the American people before final action
is adopted on it; and that all our countrymen
should have an opportunity of looking into and
forming a judgment on it before it is adopted. Sir,
some modifications may be suggested from differ-
ent quarters of the country.
Without at all compromising myself absolutely
in favor of the whole report, or at all against it, i
will append to the motion now before the Senate,
if it be in order, a motion for the printing of fifty
thousand extra copies of the report.
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President 
Mr. HALE, i rise to a point of order. I ask
if a discussion of this kind is in order on a mere
motion to print?
The PRESIDING OFFICER was understood
Names of the
States,
Original territory from which
the States were Jormed.
Dates of act* ofDntes of acts of
i
Congress crea
ting ihe Terri-
torial Govern-
ments.
Congress to en-
able the people
of Territone> to
form Constitu-
tions and State
Governments.
Vermont  Part of i?rntory of New York
Kentucky Do.... Voxmna 
Tennessee Do....NT. Caidina.... May
Ohio < D<>.... Virgin in August
Dates of admis-
sion of States
into the Union
by Congress.
I
.D •
L<y i-i.i
Indiana j Do.... Vmrwia May
Mississippi....! Do....S. CiroJma and April 7,
i G or ia, See.'
Illinois ! Do... .Virginia  February 3,
Alabama j Do S. Carolina arid March 3,
I Georgia, &c ,
Maine ' 1)  ....Ma-.-achu<ctt.>..  
Missouri j Do ceded by France March 26,
March 3,
June 4,
Arkansas    Do.,. .ceded by France March 2,
Michigan s Do.... Viignna January 11,
Florida | Do... .ceded by Spain. March 3,
Texas. lAti independent republic M.iich J,
Wisconsin. ...jPait of territory of Virginia.... April 20,
Iowa j Do... .ceded by France June 12,
March
June
17C0 ;Jiine
17^ April 30, lCu'ti.Nov'r
reded !>v France October 31, J803 F«b'arv 2', J81 I April
~ 0 April ' J9, lt!6 Dec'r
1798March 1, 1817 Dec'r
26.
7,
JS09 April
]«17 Marcil
i
lm
18U51
1812
1*19
18' 5
1802
164.5
1836
1838
18, 18!8inec"r
2, 1819 Dec'r
 j March
IK20 August
4, 1791
1, 179>
1, 1796 6 years
29. IbOJ L'.ij- do.
8j lsls! 8] do.,
11, I«lfS16 7-12 do..
10, 1817.J9 8-12 do..
3. 18l&\ 9 11-12 do
14, 1819; 2 9-12 do.
15, 1820! 
10, 1821 17 4-12 yrs.
June
J.in 'y
March
March 1, 16J5 D«-c'r
August 6, I846jMay
 jDec'r
15, 383t> 17i years.
23, 18.-S7j32 do..
3, 1845:23 do..
29, 1845  
29, 184f 12 1-12 do..
28, 1646 8 do..
* General Statfmknt of Ihe circumstances attending the admission of new States into the Union since the adoption of thp
Constitution of the United Stales, including the dates of their establishment as Territorial Governments and the times of
their aim siion into the Unhn f>y Congress.
REMARKS.
a The people of Vermont adopted a constitution on the 25th December, 1777; New York consented by act 6th March,
1790; and C'onare^s admitted by act 18th February, 1791, froin the 4th of March, 1791.
6 Virginia consented by hc 118th December, 1789 ; Convention of Kentucky applied to Congress 9th December, 1790,
and Congress. adiniU* d by act ot 4th Ft bruary, 1791 ; to take effect the 1-t June, 1792
c Ceded to the United States by North Carolina, December, 17fc9; conveyed bv Senator" 25th February, 1790 ; the
p'M>ph- adopted n constitution lUh January, l";9o; see report on Senate Journal, vol. 2, pp. 259, 230, and 231: see, also,
Snre P.ipi>rs, " Mi"C( liar.eotw," vol. 1, pp. 146, 147—ISO.
d Ceded by act of Virginia 20th October, 1783; accepted by Congress 1st March, 1784; modified by act of Virginia 30th
December, 1788; see act ot Congret-s 19th February, 1803.
e Oded by treaty with France of30th April, 1803.
/ Ceded by Vn^snia, (a> above.)
g Ceded by South Carolina by act ofSih March, 1787; and by act of Georgia 16th June, 1802.
ti Ceded by Virginia, (a- above.)
i Ceded by Soiuh Carolina and Georgia, (as above,) Stc.
j Massachusetts consented bv act J9fh June, 1819, that Maine should form a constitution and separate government •
constitution adopted by Maine 29th October, 1819. See act oi Congress 7th Apul, 1820. '
h See note tor LmnMamt; admitted condnion.dly by act 2d ot March, 1821, requiring the assent of the people. Ad-
mitted b> prochtmuticn of the President cf the United Stales.
I See note ior Louisiana; a memorial lor admission of people with a constitution, adopted 30th January 1836 • nre
scnted to Congre>?. ' *' " ' '
in tfee note tor Ohio Several meinor als for admission, &c., picsented to Congress from 2oth January 1833 to 2d of
March, 1835; the constitution arid Slate which the people loimed lor themselves, accep ed by act of Congress ot 15th
June. 1836; absent oi the people to be given and State admitted by jiroclamation of the President ot the United States
n Vinous mernonais for admission of the people, &c., presented to Congress from 20th February, 1839 to 11 th Febru-
ary, 1815. The con<iuution was formed by convention <>( the people on the Iith of January, J839. '
o Annexe d to the United States by law 1st of Match, 1845; ihe people consented to cond tions, and State admitted
y N-e note for Ohio. '
q c note lor L -uisiana. Vanous memorials presented and bills reported to enable the neonle to form a ennoitntmn
introilue,-,! Iron, o.h of Ma,eh, 1W0, to 3,1 March, 1845, when an act \v a p,*=<■<) for I™
tbe people toceitmn condition*; constitution dopted by the people on the 7tii of October, 1844 • to ba admitted hv iho
proclamation of the President of the United States, accoi ding to act of 3d March, 1845. ' admitted by the
to decide that the discussion had taken too exten-
sive a range, the question being simply on a mo-
tion to print.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from Missis-
sippi, sir, has expressed some surprise that I
should undertake to pronounce an opinion after
hearing the report once read. Why, surely, the
Senator from Mississippi cannot have forgotten that
I had a distinctimpression in my memory ofevery-
thingcontained in that report. He spent an hour
himself yesterday, in impressing on me its leading
features. I knew as well what were us contents
before the committee reported as I do after hearing
it read. The Senator from Mississippi spoke ex
cathedra; he knew what was in it, and he told me
of it; and after hearing it read I know no more.
The Senator from Kentucky complains that I have
seen proper to make an assault upon the report at
this time. Si -, he must pardon me for saying that
the report is the main matter here. These bills are
old, familiar acquaintances. That report is the
thing which will alone have any influence on the
public mind. The report is the matter which wili
prejudice me if I vole upon these bills, and not the
bills themselves. If I vote against these bills, as I
must do under my construction of the Constitution,
and if any injury result to me from it, it is the re-
port that will produce it. It was because of the
possibility of having this thing prejudged, that I
chose to say what I did say in relation to it.
But the most surprising thing of all is, that the
Senator from Mississippi has found out now that
it is exceedingly wrong; for a Senator to get up
here and express his dissent to this report. Why,
sir, 1 hope that we shall be allowed to follow the
honorable Senator's own example m relation to this
very proposition—for it is nothing else—when it
was submitted by the Senator from Kentucky, in
the early part of the session. When the Senator
from Kentucky submitted his resolutions, he asked
of the courtesy of the Senate that nothing should
be said upon them until they should be printed. I
was anxious that that courtesy should be extended
to him; that he should be heard in explanation of
the resolutions, and then ha\e the time he re-
quired; but the Senator from Mississippi did not
agree with me. He got up at the moment, and
took occasion then to declare that his dissent from
the resolutions should go out with them. How
does it happen, then, that he is surprised now that
I am unwilling that this report should go out with-
out my dissent accompanying u also ? Does he re-
member the fable of the ox and the bull ? He will
understand the application.
Now, sir, I certainly had no intention, no desire,
no purpose whatever, to treat the committee or
any member of it with the slightest disrespect. I
had a duty, as I thought, to discharge, and I did
it. Further, I must be permitted to say that 1 am
at all times the only jud^e of the time, the mode,
and the manner in which that duty shall be dis-
charged. Whatever I think it my duty to do I in-
tend to do. I must judge for myself, and I do not
recognize the right of Senators to lecture me upon
the subject. They must judge for themselves. I 
Mr FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a single moment ? i can
assure him that I did not intend to lecture or to
find fault with him, nor did I express any sur-
prise at his course. 1 simply stated that I was
unable—whatever my fuend might be—to deter-
mine on the merits of this report simply from
hearing it read without seeing it in print. I did
not use the language he has ascribed to me. I shall
not interfere with the reporters, and my friend will
find m the morning that he has greatly misunder-
stood my remarks. I used not a word of censure.
Mr. CLEMENS. I did not understand the
Senator so, but I understood him as laying down
the rule by which he thought I ought to iemulate
my conduct, a matter of which i must myself be
the judge.
Mr. FOOTE. I trust the Senate will bear with
me for a few moments. My honorable ft iend from
Alabama seems to suppose that I expressed strong
sentiments of surprise that he should underrake
so hastily to determine concerning the ments of
this leport, and to express himself in language of
strong disapproval of that report and of the acnon
of the committee, before he has had an opportu-
nity of seeing the report tn print. I do not think
I expressed any such sentiments of surprise. But
my honorable friend suggests some inconsistencies
in my public course, and'he eays that a short time
