1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2047
ment, and the question would be satisfactorily set-
tled, and promote the best interests of the coun-
try.
Mr. BENTON. I do not propose to go on with
this subject to-night, because we came back here
for some other purpose. But I will say that, in
speaking of the bill of the Senators from Califor-
nia, 1 had in my eye the bill which the gentleman
himself brought in.
Mf. GW1N. I did not so understand it.
Mr. BENTON. And I said that both of these
gentlemen had yielded to what was the policy of
the Government, so far as to require the titles to
be made good. I wa3 in favor of ameliorating the
system which the United States had pursued; by
which they had harassed and destroyed the Indi-
ans—kept the country from being settled and im-
proved, and made not one dollar for themselves.
1 make this declaration in the hearing of the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, and the Senator from Mis-
souri, and all who are acquainted with it, and say
that the United States has not made one dollar by
the mode they have taken, and which is so har-
assing and destructive to the old inhabitants of
Louisiana and Missouri.
And now I would add one point and quit. I
said to-day that it was absurd to impute fraud to
the old claimants in California. -Fraud against
whom? The Spanish Government? Why, the
Spanish Government gave the land. Fraud against
the United States? Why, when the country was
settled, it was not expected by any that the United
States would ever possess that country, and it was
not until the period of hostilities between the
United States and Mexico—not until those hostil-
ities became impending and imminent—that the
idea of making fraudulent grants gott into any-
body's head. That was in the Spring of 1846.
By looking over the reports of Colonel Fremont,
made to the Government at that time, and when he
brought home along with him the original papers,
it shows that there was then a design on foot—a
three-fold design: one to put the whole country
under the protection of Great Britain; another to
gass off the landed property into the hands of
iritish subjects; and the third, the destruction of
all the American citizens there. This three-fold
plan went on up to the year 1846 before it was
known, because up to that time there was no idea
that the United States would ever gain that coun-
try. Now, the idea of fraud is the utmost absurd-
ity, the utmost preposterosity. [Laughter.] I do
not propose to go on with this subject to-night,
but I shall take it in order when the subject comes
up again.
Mr. EW1NG. -1 would suggest to the Senator
from Missouri that he had better have read this
"bill before he replied to the supposed accusation of
fraud contained in it against the old titles. That
bill is framed to carefully protect the old titles.
But it does not protect titles that were granted
since the year 1846. I think there is a very exact
concurrence in the view3 of the Senator from Mis-
souri and the bill which he attacked with so much
violence.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am constrained, under the
instructions of the Committee on Finance, to
move to lay this bill on the table for the present,
for the purpose of taking up the fortification bill.
The question being taken en the motion of the
Senator from Virginia, the bill was laid on the ta-
ble.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for
certain fortifications in the United States, for the
year ending June 30, 1851.
Mr. H. said: As time is precious, I will state a
fact that will perhaps induce the Senate to pass
this bill at once. The bill is strictly according to
estimates; and, that being the case, I think we
may have the question upon the bill at once. The
^Committee on Finance have made no amendment
'to the bill ^ all. .
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, oidered to a third reading, and
■was then, by unanimous consent, read a third
time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1851.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Committee on Fi-
nance have not been unmindful of the time or the
occasion. The House is yet engaged upon the
amendments to the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, and it is probable that we shall have ,
many complicated and difficult issues between the
Houses in relation to them. We have yet also
to organize the judiciary of the Territories in Ex-
ecutive session. The cqmmittee, in view of all
these circumstances, have concluded that, if the
mountain will not come to Mahomet, Mahomet
will be able to go to the mountain. In other
words, the committee, although they do not ap-
prove this naval bill in many respects; although
there are items in it that they would wish to strike
out, and amendments that they would wish to
put in, have come to the conclusion that the better
way is to take the bill as it passed the House,
and recommend that no amendments be made to it.
I will state to the Senate that the bill appro-
priates in all, for naval service of every kind,
§9,535,602 07. It appropriates considerably less
for the naval service proper than was asked for
by the department. The only items in the bill
that were not asked for by the departments are
these:
"To equalize the salary of the clerk of the naval eon-
structor, $y5U.
"To authorize the examination of the merits of certain
condensers, gS.OUO.
" Meteorological observations, $2,000.
" For plans uf buildings at naval depdt at New Orleans,
§500
" For the construction of a floating dry dock in Cali-
fornia, §100,000.'7
These items amount to $107,750. These are
the only items of any importance m the bill that
were not in the estimates. That is the condition
of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. The statement made by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance represents
the opinions of that committee, which have been
formed upon consultation with members of the
House of Representatives. We are assured that,
if we make amendments to this and the army bill,
as we have done to the civil and diplomatic and
the Indian bill, we shall not get through these ap-
propriation bills within the time allotted to this ses-
sion. Therefore, although there are items in the
bill which we would like to have amended, we re-
port the bill without amendment, and will resistall
amendments.
Mr. BADGER. I hope I have the highest, the
most profound respect for the Committee on Fi-
nance; but I must be permitted to say that I cannot
entirely concur in that complacency of the Com-
mittee on Finance which induces them to recom-
mend to the Senate to disregard every amendment
to the naval appropriation bill that comes from any
other committee of this Senate. Sir, it is a new
doctrine, for the first tiojp broached in the Senate.
There are important amendments that ought to be
made to this bill. Amendments have been agreed
upon by the Committee on Naval Affairs that
ought to be made to this bill. 1 have yet to learn
bow it is that the House of Representatives, by
postponing, until the very last period of a session
ofXen months, sending to us the appropriation bills
which they ought to have sent months ago, should
devolve upon the Finance Committee ot the Sen-
ate the whole legislative powers of this body. I
am not disposed to debate these amendments; 1
am not disposed to consume the time of the Ser*
ate upon them; but I do protest against the adver-
tisement beforehand that no amendments are to be
considered, however reasonable, just, and proper
in themselves, because the Committee on Finance
have conferied with certain members of the House
of Representatives, and they are of opinion that
the Senate ought not to amend this bill. Really,
I think it a very unreasonable proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from North
Carolina is mistaken if he supposes the Committee
on Finance have desired to dictate to the Senate
what should be its conduct. We derived informa-
tion from the other House which influenced our
action, and we thought proper to lay it before the
Senate. Of course, the Senate will do what it
thinks right. If the Senate desires to amend the
bill, it will amend it. If any member chooses to
debate, he will debate it. We have done our duty.
We have believed it was our duty to the country
j to pass these appropriation bills, and we have be-
lieved that if we make many amendments to these
bills, when we come to consider what is before u 
in the civil and diplomatic bill, we shall jeopard
the passage of some of these appropriation bills.
We simply communicated a fact; and I think the
Senator from North Carolina has done some in-
justice to the Finance Committee in supposing
from this statement that we want to dictate to the
Senate. Of course, the Senate will do what it may
think right and proper. We only communicated
information which we thought important, and
which had governed our conduct. It will be for
the Senator from North Carolina to do as he
chooses.
Mr. MANGUM. My friend and colleague,
[Mr. Badger,] 1 think, did no injustice to the Fi-
nance Committee. I have to say, with all respect
to the Finance Committee, that I think we ought
to deliberate, consider, and decide every amend-
ment that is offered upon its merits.
Mr. BERRIEN. I trust, at this late period of
the sesion, we shall proceed to the consideration
of the bill before us without that excitement which
seems about to be produced. The Committee on
Finance have submitted their views as to the course
which it is expedient for us to pursue. They do
not attempt to dictate. They present it to the
consideration of the Senate. If gentlemen persist
in offering amendments, let it be done in a cairn
and quiet spirit.
Mr. PEARCE. I agree with my colleague on
the Committee oh Finance that it is expedient not
to offer any amendments by way of additions to
the bill; but I think we might v^-y profitably ex-
scind something from the bill. There are portions
of it which, m my opinion, ought to be stricken
out, and which I hope the Senate will think proper
to strike out.
Mr. RUSK offered the following amendment as
an additional section:
" Be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
and the Postmaster Genera] be authorized, hy and with the
consent of the contracting parties respectively, to rearrange
the running of the United Slates mail steam-hips so as to
| effect moie diiect dispatch between New York and Havana,
1 and make the service lrom Panama to California and Ore-
j gon as frequent as to that point by increasing the trips of the
Pacific line to semi-monthly : Provided, The same does net
I exceed the usual rate of cost, at which additional mail ser-
vice may be ordered under existing acts ol Congress."
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Badger] seemed to think it was
not the province of the Finance Committee to make
a recommendation of any kind, if I understood
him. Now, we had the responsibility to report
the bill with or without amendment. In view of
all the circumstances of the case, we reported it
without amendment, and recommended that it be
passed without any amendment being made. It
is nothing more than a usual recommendation. I
cannot approve of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Texas, because it creates a monop-
oly. But I will not debate it. I hope it will not
be adopted.
Mr. BA.DGER. My friend from New York is
laboring under a mistake as to the point of my
exception to the proceedings of the Committee on
Finance. It was not that they recommended the
bill to pass without amendment, but that they had
undertaken in advance to recommend to the Senate
to discredit all amendments that might be proposed
from other quarters.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the
Senator from Texas is now under consideration."
Mr. YULEE, I am under the necessity of ex-
pressing my opposition to this amendment. I will,
as briefly possible, state the grounds of my
objection. This amendment proposes to authorize
the duplication of the existing contract with the
company now transporting the mail from Panama
to San Francisco and Oregon. The contract with
them was made for a monthly service, at the high
' compensation of $199,000, before the gold discov-
; eries in California; before there was any migration
to that country; before there was any assurance
that the line could be sustained by any other means
than that obtained from the Government. The
line has been established with jjreat profit since
that time. Other enterprising individuals, citizens
of this country, have, upon their own hazard,
resting upon their own enterprise, without any aid
from the Government, placed upon the line of com-
munication between Panama and San Francisco a
line of large fine steamers; and there is now almost
weekly communication between Panama and San
Francisco.
