2048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 27.
I have taken pains to ascertain the precise nam-
be^ of large ocean steamships on that side of our
•possessions. There ate twelve large steamships
now plying between San Francisco and Panama,
besides some four or six now ready on the Atlan-
tic side to start upon their voyage for the Pacific,
to be placed upon that line. I consider that it will
be the very height of injustice, in the present con-
dition of the steam service, to grant to the old
company the entire monopoly of the Government
pa-ronage. There is already, I believe, continuous
serviee from New York to San Francisco. The
mail which goes by the <( Georgia" continues with
the monthly line of Howland & Aspinwall. The
mail which goes by the " Ohio'' a'nd " Falcon*' is
continued, I understand, in the line which the
owners of the (i Georgia" and the " Ohio" have
upon the Pacific. Besides these, there Are other
lines in contemplation. I hold that, if any provis-
ion at all is necessary, it should be one which
would onen to all those citizens who are now en-
gaged in that trade an opportunity of competing
for Government patronage, by receiving a share of
the remuneration which is allowed for these servi-
ces, much of which they have performed without
^compensation from the Government.
1 do not think that the passage of any provision
is necessary at this session. We meet again in a
very short time, when the whole subject cat? be
considered. Or, if any provision is to be made, it
ought to he such as would open to all the citizens
engaged in that trade an opportunity of competing
for the contract. And-I hazard nothing in saying
that it will be ta-kien for at least one half the price
which will be given to this company, if an increase
is made upon the contract now existing in propor-
tion to the compensation allowed under the exist-
ing contract, which was made at a time when there
was no inducement for these lines beyond the pay
from the Government, and which is altogether be-
yond, not only what the service is now worth, but
what it can now be obtained for.
I would ask the chairman of the Post Office
Committee whether he has given this subject such
attention as will enable him to recommend the
adoption of this amendment upon his own knowl-
edge of the matter?
Mr. RUSK. At an early period of the session
I introduced a bill upon this subject. Various
memorials were referred to the Post Office Com-
mittee from various quarters of the country, ask-
ing the increase of the service from Panama to San
Francisco to semi-monthly. Not having time to
examine this subject thoroughly myself, I referred
it to the Postmaster General, and upon his sug-
gestion and recommendation I proposed a bill sim-
ilar to the amendment 1 now offer. There is no
doubt about the fact that there is no regular con-
tract for carrying the mail beyond the isthmus
more than once a month. That contract was made
with a certain company, which the amendment
proposes shall increase its trips to twice a month.
The amendment also proposes to make such ar-
rangements with the contractors on this side as
shall facilitate the mail to Havana. There are
now two lines running: one from Savannah to
Havana, and one from New York to Havana, by
way of Savannah. This will allow the New York
line to go direct to Havana, without stopping at
Savannah.
Upon consultation with the Post Office Depart-
ment, I was furnished with the amendment which
I have offered, it may seem that this is giving to
this one company a preference, but their reason-
ing is this: This line is already contracted for by
this company. This is an increase of dfcrvice that
is now proposed; it is therefore proper to extend
to them the privilege of this increased service. If
the new contract were let out to a different com-
pany, it might create a nvalship by which the
mails might not be carried at all. This is, there-
fore, proposed by the department. I have had no
time to investigate this subject thoroughly; but
this amendment has been furnished me by the
Post Office Department.
Mr. GW1N. t am very much surprised that
the chairman of the Committee on Finance should
oppose this amendment. It has been one of the
mo3t important subjects that has been brought be-
fore the Senate of the United States, especially as
to its bearing upon my constituents. The gentle-
man from Florida talksabout mail steamers on the
Pacific ocean, from Panama to San Francisco; but
these steamers do not carry the mail. We have
but a monthly mail on the other side. We have*
a semi-monthly mail from this to Chagrep,.and
across the Isthmus, and only a monthly maii on
the other side. There our mails lie, unless addi-
tional compensation is given. The extraordinary
increase of the revenues of the department on that
side of the continent justifies this increase of mail
service.
I know there ie a great objection to extending
facilities to contractors; but these contractors are
the pioneers of that oce^an. They deserve the
encouragement and the patronage of this Govern-
ment. They risked a great deal in establishing
that line—more than any citizen of the United
States ever did in a similar enterprise. If they have
been successful, they deserve their success. It
would be bad faith in this Government to attempt
to break them down by any species of competition
The proposition now is only to increase the mail,
service on the other side. When the mail is carried
on any route, the old contractors have the prefer-
ence if the trips on the route are increased. And
why should it not be so in this case? This is
merely intended to increase the mail service and
also the compensation.
There has been received, from the 1st of July,
1849, to the 1st July, 1850, $250,000 from postage
m California; and I have no doubt that the postage
there for the present fiscal year will amount to
$400,000. It is, therefore, necessary to increase
the mail service from Panama to San Francisco.
I know that it is a popular theory to go in favor of
competition; but we want a line now that will be
sure and expeditious. The present contractors
are prepared to perform this increased mail service.
They have ships there of the, very best quality.
They have carried the mail for eighteen months,
and the only failure they have ever made was on
their first trip, when the whole crew deserted.
They deserve the highest praise for the manner in
which they have performed their duties. I hope
this amendment of the Senator from Texas will
prevail.
In order to show the Senate that I only want
these additional mail facilities, I have prepared an
amendment to the amendment that I think will re-
move the objection of any gentleman, particularly
the objection which the gentleman from Florida
has just stated. I propose to limit the compensa-
tion which should be paid to the increased service.
I therefore offer the following proviso to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Texas;
u Provided, Thai the additional compensation shall be re-
duced to oiie-hcilt of thf present rate, if the increase of ihe
revenues on the route does not wariant the payment of the -
full amount m the estimation of the said officers."
Mr. SOULE. I do not expect the Senate will
be able to determine this matter to-night. It is a;
matter of deep moment and of vast import. I
hold in uiy hand an amendment which I wish to
propose, which may reconcile the Senate to the
adoption of the original amendment of the gentle-
man from Texas. What! propose to offer is as
follows:
" Provided, The service to be performed shall be adver-
tised sixty days before entering into any contract, which
contract shall lie given to the parly or bidder who offers to
convey tiie said mail m the shortest time frotfi New York
and Now Orleans, either by way of Panama, Nicaragua, or
Tetyuantepec, the said contract to continue lor ten years.
The PRESIDENT. That is not in order at
this time.
Mr. FOOTE. If this amendment is to be
adopted at all, I certainly hope it will receive the
modification just suggested. But I rise for the
purpose of lequestmg my friend from Texas to
withdraw his amendment. It is an unreasonable
proposition, it is too late in the session for us to
be engaged in making these enormous appropria-
tions of the public money, I will not go into par-
ticulars; but every member of the Senate must be
aware that there is danger, if the present course
of proceeding be persevered in, that the national
Treasury may be bankrupted before midnight, so
. far as our action can have that effect, it is entirely
too late in the session for such a proposition to re-
ceive due consideration. Let it be postponed un-
,til the first Monday in December next. Let it be
made a subject for deliberate consideration. At
the present time I am utterly opposed to all prop-
ositions which involve such enormous expendi-
tures as the one now suggested. 1 am very much
inclined to concur with the Finance Committee in
voting down all amendments.
Mr. DAYTON. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from California an amendment to his amend-
ment, which will answer all his purposes, and will
give his constituents the additional mail facilities
they require. His amendment to the amendment
of the Senator from Texas is: -
" Provided, That the additional compensation shall lye re-
duced to half of the present rate, if the increase of the rev-
nue on the route does not warrant the payment of thtf full
amount in the estimation of said officers,if ,
I would suggest to him to strike out the latter
portion of his amendment, so as simply to provide
that the additional rate of compensation shall be
one half the present rate.
Mr. GWIN." I accept that modification.
Mr. CASS. I do not wish to argue the point.
I wjsh merely to say that it is perfectly obvious
that this is but a waste of time. We have no time
now to arrange such a plan as should be arranged
in regard to this matter. I think the suggestion
of the chairman of the Committee on Finance to
stop all amendments is a very good ofte. It is
only sixty days till we meet again, and there will
be no very great suffering between now and then.
We can then examine and digest the whole matter.
It is very obvious that it cannot be digested'now.
We have had a reduction of fifty per cent, pro-
posed already. This shows that this matter has
not been digested. Even the honorable chairman
of the Post Office Committee [Mr. Rusk] says he
has not examined this matter. I submit to every
gentleman whether we can enter into this matter
at th^heel of such a session. «
Mr. 6rWIN. We have done without mail fa-
cilities very long m California. I think great in-
justice has been done to the people of California
by not securing to them these additional mail facil-
ities at the rate proposed at £n earlier day. We
want a semi-monthly mail from Panama to San
Francisco. We now have a semi-monthly mail
on this side to Chagres. The people in California
are suffering great inconvenience from not having
these mail facilities.. I hope they will be granted
them now.
Mr. CLARKE. I rise to ask the Senate if its
position is not an uncommon and anomalous one?
We have before us a bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives making appropriations for the naval
service for the fiscal year^and we are told that if
any amendment if any alteration is made in that
bill, the biii'wisr'be lost. I ask now whether the
Senate of the United States is to pursue its legis-
lation under such circumstances and under such
direction ? , Yesterday and the day before amend-
ments were proposed to the Indian appropriation
bill; they were discussed at length, and the yeas
and nays were called on them, first, in committee
and then in the Senate. There was time enough
then to debate the construction of an Indian treaty,
or the amount of an annuity to be paid to an In-
dian chief; but when the question comes .up whether
the citizens of a State of this Union—California is
a State of this Union—shall be furnished with maii
service oftener than once a month, there is no time
to consider it.
Let me say to gentlemen that California is a
State of this Union, and she deserves as much con-
sideration as any other State. What would be
said ifany State of this Union had mail service but
once a month r What are the facta in relation to
this case ? This contract was made some time
sirce with this Government by certain gentlemen
to transport the mail from Panama to San Fran-
cisco and Oregon once a month, and, as I under-
stand it, they were bound by their contract to
famish three steamers, which steamers were, in
the event of their being wanted, to be transferred
to the Government as war steamers. They have
furnished five, under the circumstances, in a haz-
ardous experiment, going into a new and I may
almost say, untried sea. By the contract the mail
is carried but once a month from Panama to Cali-
fornia, although it is carried twice a month to
Chagres. The mails have to lie at the Isthmus.
They are carried but once a month from Panama
to California. .?
Mr. YULEE. I would inform the*Senator or
a fact of which he does not seem to be aware. X
am informed by the proprietor of one of the lirfes
between New York and Chagres that the mail
which goes in his vessel, intermediate between the
trips of Howland & AspinwalPs line^goes on in
his vess$i, for which he receives no compensation
from the Government. Soothe maiis do not He at
the Isthmus.
