1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
for, sir, I think he demonstrated the truth of that
proposition most clearly to-day—that he fully
made out the q. e. d, of it, and that it will never
be disputed hereafter. I hope that gentlemen are
in earnest, and that their opposition to this report
is not a mere feint, like that of the English Q,ueen,
merely with a view to hear the eloquence with
which their notions should be refuted. 1 hope
there is no feint in this matter, but that gentlemen
will stand up and face the music. Let them put
this repoit down, and then let us go home and tell
the country we have exhausted the cup of conces-
sion; that we have conceded everything that was
asked of us; that nothing was held back, and that
then, when all this was done, we stood exactly
where we were at the commencement. These gen-
tlemen were not satisfied at first, they were not
satisfied at last, and they never mean to be satis-
fied, and t-hey never will be.
Now, sir, it is of no great consequence what so
humble an individual as myself may say. I am
one of those whom the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Mangum] means to have branded
with a mark. Well, 1 will take the mark, and I
will tell the Senator from North Carolina, as he
knows now better than I do, that there was a cer-
tain compromise made here some thirty years
ago, and that certain gentlemen then received
marks which they have not got rid of yet. And
they were not those who occupied the ground
then which I occupy now. They were not those
northern men who stood up for the constitutional
rights of the North that received that mark, but
some who went for concession a little too far.
Sir, our people are willing to go for concession
up to the point of humiliation, but not a word be-
yond that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator is
not in order, unless he confines his remarks to the
subject under consideration.
Mr. HALE. Well, it is difficult to tell what
the subject before us is. However, I will sit
down.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not my intention to
have made any remarks on this subject at this
time, nor do 1 intend to occupy the attention of
the Senate for more than five minutes. If I have
understood the proposition now before the Senate,
it is a motion to print this report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I intend no reference in my
remarks beyond that point. My object is the
ascertainment of truth, that I may with a know-
ledge of the facts exercise a deliberate judgment
on the subject. Without a knowledge, and a
critical knowledge, so far as 1 can attain it, of the
contents of that report, I shall not be in a situation
to decide upon its merits. After having obtained
that knowledge, I shall be prepared to act upon
the suggestions of that report with as much calm-
ness, as much patriotism, I trust, and with as
much deliberation and decision as any gentleman
here. But I am not willing at this time to pre-
judge it, or to exclude it from a fair investigation
I feel, sir, that it is unnecessary, until I know the
contents of that report, for me to protest against it
on account of my being a southern Senator. I
am from the South, sir, the extreme South. The
shores of the State which 1 represent aie washed
by the Rio Grande and the Gulf of Mexico, and I
feel all that a southern Senator should feel who
remembers the rights which we have already
acquired. Those rights we have acquired as
freemen struggling for liberty, and also as partici-
pants in this Union, and my colleague and myself
are always prepared to stand up in their vindica-
tion. But, sir, I am for compromise with my
whole heart, unless it is proposed to compromise
our honor and safety. I am for the Union, and
for all honorable efforts which will tend to its
preservation. I am ready to vote for the printing
of the report, and when 1 shall have examined it,
1 shall be ready to act upon its recommendations.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 desire to submit a remark
or two, though I certainly will not persist, if it is
the opinion of the Chair that I am out of order.
There is a mistake into which southern gentle-
men on the opposite side of the Chamber have, m
my judgment, most unfortunately fallen. It is,
that this report and these bills both embody the
substance and the spirit of the resolutions which
were introduced here some months ago by the Sen-
ator from Kei tucky.
Sir, I take entirely opposite views of it. I re-
member well,and the Senator from Kentucky (veil
remembers, when, the day after these resolutions
were introduced, they had undergone a close read-
ing by me, that there were a part of them to which
I took most decided and most insuperable objec-
tion. I will not go into these objections, but I
will only refer to the second resolution—the one
which contains two notable truths—the truth of
law and the truth of fact. I differed out and out
with the whole of that resolution; and I say now,
entertaining the same opinions which I did at the
beginning, that if any of these bills shall be shown
to contain the principles contained in that resolu-
tion, or if any portion of the report shall contain
them, 1 will vote for the expunging of both. 1 am
very sure that when Senators come to examine
this report carefully and critically, and to look at
these bills, they will find in neither of them a reiter-
ation of those principles so repugnant in the
second resolution. I mightfurther say, that upon
the question of abolishing slavery in this District,
I well know that there is a great diversity of opin-
ion. It is true, that the resolutions did not exactly
affirm the power, as they were originally intro-
duced by the Senator from Kentucky; but in his
speech accompanying them, the power was
avowed. Now, it is well known that there are
many Senators here who are inclined to support
the whole matter together, who never have sup-
ported anything atall which would recognize this
power in Congress; neither will Senators find any
measure of the kind recommended in the report or
in the bills.
I will make a remark to the Senator from Ala-
bama. lam supposed to have been inconsistent.
Sir, I do not think I have manifested any incon-
sistency at all. So far from that, there are many
honorable gentlemen within my hearing, with
whom I have had divers private interchanges of
sentiment, who know very well that I have dif-
fered with many of our southern friends on one
important question. For instance, I have been
from the beginning for the admission of California
in its full length and breadth. That is one diver-
sity of opinion which exists between us, and there
are others of minor importance. But I rose for
the purpose of endeavoring to correct what 1 con-
ceive to be a gross misapprehension: that this
report or bill—either or both—contained the princi-
ples embodied in the second of the resolutions of-
fered by the Senator from Kentucky. If either
do, I repeat t am against them.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I desire to say but
a word. 1 much regret the occurrence of this dis-
cussion, for it is not only premature, but injurious.
Every gentleman of the committee must judge for
himself, but for myself I do not think it at all ne-
cessary to the understanding of my position that I
should now state what are my particular views
with respect to the report of the committee. Why,
sir, it will not be supposed by any man in his
senses that thirteen men, to whom such a complex
subject was committed, involving so many con-
siderations, and the peace and harmony, nay,
perhaps, the union of the country, could meet to-
gether, and discuss and agree on every point.
Now, it seems to me, and I speak for myself only,
that it is wholly unnecessary for me to say now
that I do not agree to all the committee has done,
nor could any man suppose that I or any other
member of the committee did; and I think it is bet-
ter for every Senator, when the measure comes up
for action, then to state his position. Then they
will have had time to examine the report of the
committee, which, it was stated, in almost every
instance, was the conclusions of a majority, except
in one instance, where it was unanimous. This
statement precluded no man from disclosing his
true position, when the measures came up legiti-
mately to be discussed before the Senate. 1 re-
peat, I consider this discussion premature and
injurious; and injurious, it seems to me, to the
members of this body. It is injurious because it
commits men, before the subject is fairly before
them, to positions which the pride of character and
opinion, which all men possess, will render them
unwilling to recede fiom. Modifications maybe
proposed to these measures that will take from
them the objections at present existing. What
gentleman is there here, as the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Mangum] remarked, who is not
prepared to receive such modifications, but must
stand on his own ground or on none atall? Be-
sides, it is injurious to the committee. This par-
tial discussion, these disclosures, these suggestions
of facts, will either be erroneously stated or mis-
understood, and there is no time to examine them,
and to meet and repel them, and they will go from
one end of the country to the other, and the coun-
try thereby rendered dissatisfied. For instance,
my friend from Arkansas must have misconceived
the report of the committee in regard to the fugi-
tive slave bill. That provision of t)i$ report was
not objected to by a single member of the com-
mittee, either from the North or the South. How,
then, can it prove so injurious to the South, when
seven-thirteenths of the committee, who were
southern men,accepted and agreed to it ? I appeal to
the Senator it he has not misunderstood the report
in this instance, and whether this is not an illustra-
tion of the danger of entering into a discussion of
it before time has been afforded for its examina-
tion ?
I trust the report will be printed, and then it can
be readily understood, and when the measures
come up for action it will be fully time for gentle-
men to state their positions. I was merely going
to add that no gentleman, even though a member
of the committee, is precluded from the right to
move a modification of these measures, if he shall
think proper so to do.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to shrink from
no responsibility arising from my action as a
member of this committee; and, as other mem-
bers of it have thought proper to express their
views in regard to ita action, I desire to add a
word or two in the same connection. So far as
this matter is concerned, as a whole, I stand by
this report; and, although its reasoning is not my
own, and the report is the emanation of another
mind, and was drawn by another pen, yet 1 con*
cur generally in the reasonings and in the conclu-
sions arrived at—1 mean as a whole system.
The chairman of the committee, the distinguished
Senator from Kentucky, is the author, and is en-
tirled to all the credit and honor of the language
of the report. Arid, I repeat, I concur in the con-
clusions to which it arrives, under all the circum-
stances of the case. I do not mean by that to
deny that if [ were to fiame a bill, or a series of
measures bearing on this subject myself, I should
not have made them essentially different in some
respects; but I have had too long an experience as
a member of legislative bodies to suppose that
every individual can be suited m every particular
in regard to the details of ordinary matters of le-
gislation, and far less in matters of the importance
of these exciting questions. There is an essential
difference between this report and these bills, and
the resolutions introduced early in the session by
theSenatorfrom Kentucky. They are notsimiiar,
as has been supposed and asserted. I will not now
enter upon the discussion of the merits or demer-
its of either, but simply state that one of the lead-
ing principles of the resolutions of the Senator
from Kentucky, and the one which drew out the
most opposition, was the declaration as to what
was the existing law in the territories. Now, there
is an utter absence of anything of the kind in
either the report or the bills. No reference to this
point is to be found in either, but the whole ques-
tion is left where the Constitution leaves it.
If this attempt to establish governments for the
territories is not to be satisfactory to the great ma-
jority of the Senate, I must confess that, for one,
I shall utterly despair of seeing any that will be.
The proposiuon is only to extend to the Territories
of Utah and New Mexico a territorial form of
government, without referring to the question of
slavery, either on the one side or the other. It is
merely an extension of the laws of the United
States over their inhabitants, and erecting a civ il
government for them, leaving their constitutional
rights, whatever they may be, on the subject of
slavery, untouched by the legislation of Congiess,
by restriction, extension, or proviso. Then the
proposition is to admit California with her present
boundaries; and this is a question upon which
men may well differ, upon which the committee
differed, and one which, if it were an original
question, I should be very glad to modify, so far
as boundaries are concerned. But, in view of the
circumstances of the case, and the great object
proposed to be accomplished, 1 have felt inclined
to overlook all objections, and, in view ot the
complicated embarrassments, to adopt the bill, as
the best manner of settling and adjusting these
