2050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
IN SENATE.
Saturday, September 28, 1850.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of W.
Morton, of the marine corps, praying that he may
be allowed certain arrearages; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. MASON moved that Robert Mayo have
leave to withdraw certain papers from the files.
The CHAIR asked whether the papers were be-
fore a committee, or whether an adverse report
had been made thereon ?
Mr. MASON. Icannotsay.
The CHAIR suggested that the motion be with-
held for the present.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, asked that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the legislative
business not acted upon.
Mr. ATCHISON inquired if there was not a
rule of the Senate transferring all the unfinished
business to the next session of Congress?
Mr. HAMLIN replied that he was not aware of
any rule to meet the case. Formerly the commit-
tees had been compelled to ask to be discharged.
A Senator. There is such a rule.
Mr. HAMLIN thereupon withdrew his motion.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom had been referred House bill ma-
king appropriations for the support of the army
for the year ending June 30, 1851, leported the
same back without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom had been referred
the memorial and papers of John McCol^an, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the.same.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following joint resolution:
"Resolved, by the Senate, §e., Th.it the Secretary of the
Senate, mid tiie Clerk of the House, and the clerk of the
Joint Committee oil Printing, jointly, be, and they hereby
are, authorized and empowered to examine, audit, and pass
upon all accounts for printing, to make a pro r<ita reduction
in the compensation allowed, or to lefnse the work altogeth-
er, should it be lnfeiior to the standard, and in all things to
possess the same power over the public printing as is con-
ferred upon the Joint Committee on Printing by ihe joint res-
olution approved August 3, 1S48: Provided, Th it the authori-
ty hereby conferred shall only be exercised during the reeess
of Congress, and shall cease at the couimenciiinerit of the
next se^ion of Congress."
The joint resolution, by unanimous consent, was
read a first and second time by its title, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole; it was then
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read a third time, and passed.
Subsequently, Mr. HAMLIN introduced the
following resolution; which was considered and
agreed to:
<> Resolt erf. That tiie 18th joint rule of the two Houses be
suspended iluring tile present session, so f.ir as relates to the
joint resolution relating to the public punting."
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN,
Oriereil, That the Secretary of the Senate request the
concurrence opfte House of Representatives therein.
-^SAFETY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMERS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom had been referred
the bill from the House (No. 386) entitled "An
act to provide for the better security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam," reported back the same.
Mr. D. stated that the bill would require some
amendments; and.as he had found there would be
no objection to it, and as there was no time now
for discussion upon it, he thought it would be the
better way to return it to the Senate and have it
recommitted, if necessary, at the next session. He
would, therefore, report it now, and let it go upon
the calendar, to come up at the next session.
Mr. BRIGHT asked that the amendments be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS stated that no amendments were
reported.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the manuscript entitled A Comprehensive
View Qi tiie Principal Independent Maritime Countries of the
Ea i by Aaron K. I'alaier, which was communicated to the
Senate by the late Secretary of State, be withdrawn from [
thy fiJe3 of the Senate and returned to the Department of 1
State.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary pay to Owen Connolly the
t-ame amount of salary as was allowed him by a resolution
or the Senate on the loth March las-t, and to continue Irom
that time during the disability of said Connolly, whose in-
juries? incurred in the discharge of his dunes as one of the
police 01 the Capitol ot the United States leave him unabie
to obtain a livelihood by any laborious employment.
On motion by Mr. RUSK,
Ordered, That the said resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The Clerk of the House of Representatives re-
turned to the Senate the bill making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government, for the year ending June 30ih, 1851,
with the announcement that the House had agreed
to some and disagreed to other of the Senate
amendments. [See repoitof House of Represent-
atives.] v
Mr. DICKINSON. I move that the'Senate in-
sist upon us amendments. The bill will then go
back to the House, and a committee of conference
can be appointed then.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 ask the Senator from New
York first to allow me to make a motion to concur
in an amendment which has been made, appro-
priating some three thousand dollars for the repair
of a custom-house in Portland, Maine. It was
adopted in the Senate, and in the House an amend-
ment was made, increasing the appropriation one
cent. The reason was, it had assumed such a
shape that it could not be brought before the
House so as to allow an explanation without an
amendment. Theamendment wasthereforemoved,
increasing the appropriation one cent, and then
the House concurred m the amendment.
The motion to concur in the amendment of. the
House was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I now move, as a matter
of form, that we insist on the other amendments.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish the chairman of
the committee would state, if he can, how many
amendments the House has made and how many
of our amendments the House has rejected; and
whether they are of so important a character that
we cannot at once recede, and pass the bill, and
be content with it as it is.
Mr. DICKINSON. The chairman has no op-
portunity ot knowing more than has been just
now read. The bill was unfinished in the House
nil after midnight last night. But on consultation
with members of the committee it has been con-
cluded that it would take le&s time to disagree with
the amendments of the House than for them to
examine it; and they have recommended that
course.
Me. UNDERWOOD. I thought the amend-
ments had been examined, and, if so, it would be
better to concur in everything the House has-
done, if we could.
The question was then taken on the motion to
insist upon the amendments of the Senate, and it
was agreed to.
THE NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the naval service of the United
States for the year ending June 30, 1851.
The question pending was on the following
amendment, proposed on the preceding evening,
by Mr. Rusk, viz:
Beit enacted, <§•<;., That there shall he appointed by the
President, with the consent of the Senate, a deputy Post-
master Geneiai (or California and Oitgoti, who shall reside
at San Francisco, and receive a salary of per annum.
He sfhail exercise and perforin within California and Oregon
all the powers and duties by Uw vested in the Postina&ter
Genera!, so far as the same sh.tll be assigned to him by the
Postmaster General, subject to his supervision, direction, and
instructions; and shall make, of his. proceeding*, and of ihe
condition of ihe post othces and mail service within Ins
jim>dicuon, such reports as the Postmaster General shall di-
rect, and employ s-ueh number of clerks, and at such salary,
as the Postmaster Geneiai shall allow.
"Sec. 2. <rlnd be it further enaUed, There shall be ap-
pointed by the President, with the consent of the Senate, a
post office auditor for California and Oregon, who shall re-
side at San Francisco, and receive a salary of dollars
per annum. It shall be his duty to audit und settle, accord-
ing to taw, all claims and accounts of postmasters with the
Po>t Office Department, arising or accruing in California or
Oregon, and to pet form all duties in regard to said claims
and accounts, and such other duties as shall be assigned to
him by the Secretary of the Treasury, (or Postmaster Gen-
eral,) m the same manner that the Auditor of the Treasury |
for the Post Office Department is now required to perform
Ifke duties^ and to tiansmit to said department, addressed to
the auditor thereof, a quarterly statement, exhibiting the
amount of its revenues derived from postages collected in
California and Oregon, and the amount of its expenditures
the e n for each of the following objects, namely: Com-
pensation to postmasters; transportation of the mails; shrp,
steamboat, and way letters; wiappirigpaper; office furni-
ture; advertising; mail bags; blanks; mail locks, keys,
and stamps; mail depredations and special agents; clerks
for offices; and miscellaneous; in order that ihe same may
be carried to the credit and debit of the appropriation for
the service of the Po?t Ofhce Department on the books of
the auditor for said department; and said auditor may em-
ploy such number of clerks at such salaries as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall allow.
u Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, The Postmaster Gen-
era! may order the dead letters m the post offices in Cali-
fornia and Oregon fo be returned to and opened at San
Fiancisco, instead of being sent to the General Post Office.
He may dispense with advertising proposals lor carrying the
mails in California and Oiegon in the papers in ihe city of
Washington, and he may allow to postmasters there a com-
mission for their compensation not exceeding seventy-five
per cent, on the amount of postage received at their respec-
tive offices, insiead of the amount now fixed by law.
"Sec. 4. Jlnd be it fv.rf.ker enacted, That u shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Navy, in addition to the mail
service of once each month by him already contracted for
under the filth seclion of an act entitled 'An act providing
for the building arid equipment ot four naval steamship?,'
approved March four, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, to
contract, ori behalf of tiie United States, for the tiansporta-
non of the mails in steamships between Panama and San
Francisco, and the intermediate ports, another time each
month, each way, in such manner as to connfct with the
mail arriving twice each month at Chagre?, on the Atlantic,
so as to make two math each way to San Francisco."
To^feiich Mr. Gwjn had moved to add:
" Provided, That the additional compensation shall be re-
duced to half of the present rate, if the increase of the rev-
enues on the route does not warrant tftf payment of the full
amount in the estimation of the said officer.w
Mr. DICKINSON.., I cannot but repeat, what
I have so often said, that we have no time to lose,
and that 1 hope none will be lost unnecessarily.
The amendments are important, I understand, and
will be controverted. We must press these bills
forward, if we mean to pass them; for I hope no
one contemplates meeting to legislate to-morrow.
It would be an outrage, in time of peace, and un-
der the present condition of the country, to sit
upon the Sabbath. I hope we shall finish these
hills this evening; and I will again say that I hope
no amendment whatever will be adopted.
Mr. RUSK. I will suggest to theSenator from
I California that his amendment be so modified that
it shall not exceed half the weight, leaving Ho dis-
cretion to the Postmaster General.
Mr. GW1N accepted the modification.
The question being then taken upon the amend-
ment fo the amendment, it was rejected—ayes 11,
noes not counted.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Rusk.
Mr.'RUSK. Mr. President,! have been called
upon from various parts of this chamber to with-
draw this amendment, and at the same time from
other parts of the chamber to insist upon it. If it
was entirely under my control, as a matter of
course I should yield when asked not to incumber
the bill; but it was furnished to me by the Post
Office Department, who urge the necessity of pro-
viding for this defect in the mail facilities to Cali-
fornia. Nor is California alone interested in this
matter, bu^ll who trade witlrher share in the in-
terest, I tmnk the amendment is misunderstood.
The latter part of it does not propose that there
should be a new contract for the ordinary mail ser-
vice, or anythingrof that description; but it author-
izes the Postmaster General to contract with the
parties now carrying; the mail for the additional
trips, according to the usual rates of allowance for
additional mail service.
Mr. DAYTON, Will the Senator allowme to
interrupt him for a single moment? I think it is
perfectly evident that those gentlemen who voted
against the amendment to the amendment will vote
agai nst the amendmen t itself. I cannot vote for the
proposition as it now stands, because I believe they
will do this service for one half the amount. It
seems to me it would be well to withdraw the'
amendment.
Mr. RUSK. After some observations made yes-
terday evening, I think it is due to the Post 0$ce
Department toexpiain how this is done. Atpres-
ent there is a line under contract with the United
States for carrying the mail to Panama and Cali-
fornia; and it is proposed to increase the service
upon this line. It is not to establish a new line,
or a separate and distinct mail, but to increase the
service to Panama and Oregon-from once to twice
