936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
vexed questions. And I believe that in the adop-
tion of this bill lies the only chance of securing
any governments for the territories, at least during
this session of Congress. i
As to ihe fugitive slave bill, that is a matter '
already before tlie Senate, to be discussed and ('is- j
posed of when the question shall come up. 1 he I
committee merely recommend an amendment to
it, which can be adopted or rejected, as the Senate
shall decide.
The abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia is strongly repudiated. Then there is the
proposition providing for the abolition of the slave
trade in the District of Columbia; and this is to
be done by extending the prohibitory laws of!
Maryland, as they have existed for a long period,
over the Disirict.
These are the leading features of the report, and
I shall be prepared, [ trust, at a proper time, if I
shall deem it necessary for the vindication of these
measures, to show that this committee acted solely
with a view to the honorable and peaceful adjust-
ment of all these questions, and have disposed of
them, on the whole, most judiciously. They did
not expect to suit every individual; they were not
. themselves individually satisfied with every result
of their joint action. I certainly was not. But
they were satisfied that as a whole system of mea-
sures, it was the best upon which they could
agree, and they believed it would be satisfactory
to the country. I shall take the responsibility of
supporting it throughout, though there may bemo-
dificalions proposed which will make it more
acceptable. If there shall be, and others of the
committee shall vote to change it to suit their
views, 1 shall reserve the same right to myself, its
exercise to be judged of when the occasion shall
arrive.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Is the motion to
print for the use of the Senate, or for an extra
number of copies ?
The PRESI DENT. For the use of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, or* Mississippi. I have no objec-
tion, if the printing is confined to the usual num-
ber, for the use and information of the Senate;
though there is, 1 think, no difficulty in understand-
ing the leading features of the report. Being per-
spicuous in style, as the Senator fiom Kentucky
usually is, and referring to a subject with which
we are already familiar, every one has probably,
asclos-ely as is important, been able to understand
it. The object of the report is to support the
bills introduced into the Senate by the Terri-
tmial Committee, and then referred to this se-
lect committee Now, I have no hesitation in
saying that I am against those bills as report-
ed by the Territorial Committee, and was pre- J
pared to act against them when they came be- ,
fore the Senate, and their sanction by the select !
committee will not commpnd them any more to 1
my attention, ff the committee had taken these I
bills and kneaded them as unbaked dough, had |
reported something new, I might have found new ;
reasons either to support or reject them; but bring-
ing the two in together will make no difference
with me. I was opposed to them separately, j
and must be opposed to both when they are con- '
nected. The motion, however, being confined i
merely to priming, for the use of the Senate, 1 have I
no desire to prolong the discussion. 1 am glad, ;
however, that some of the members of the com- j
mittee have thought proper to address the Senate, '
and I am gratified that a large portion of the com- '
mittee appear opposed to the report and accom- <
panymg lulls. j
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not know thatl should have ;
said a word at this time, but for the last remark !
which fell from the honorable Senator from Mis- I
sissippi who has just taken his seat. The general i
disinclination I feel to speak here has often m- i
ductd silence on my part when justice to myself
seemed to require a djffeient course. Silence at
this time, however, would be wholly inexcusable.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi says that :
he infers from what has been said that a majority
of the committee reporting these measures dissent ;
from the report.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no, I did not say a majority, ,
but a large portion of the committee. Iftheiehad ,
not been a majority in favor of it, 1 apprehend j
there would have been no report.
Mr. BRIGHT, Very well-; the tenor of my i
friend's remarks leads to the inference that he j1
at least supposes there was only a reluctant assent I
to v^h^t the committee reported. lam unwilling
that such a supposition even should exist, either
here or elsewhere, for it is an erroneous one. It
is true there were of the committee Senators
ohjectin? to many, or several of the provisions
contained in the different bills, as well as differing
in the conclusions expressed in the report; but
still, on summing up the whole, the labors of the
committee, as expressed through their distin-
guished chairman this morning, met with a very
general acceptance; one which 1 thought at the
time, and still think, notwithstanding what has
been so hastily said in opposition to it, gives earn-
est of a better state of things m Congress, and 1
trust throughout the entire country.
I join, Mr. President, in the general regret ex-
pressed by our chairman and my friend from
Michigan, that honorable Senators had not been
pleased to withhold their condemnation of our la-
bors until such time as the report and bills were
printed, laid upon our tables, and time and oppor-
tunity given to all to read, understand, and reflect
upon them. Verily it looks as though there are
some among us who intend not to be satisfied
with any measure or measures that have the ap-
pearance of a compromise. And, sir, if the ex-
tremes of this Union have made up their minds to
this course, it remains to be seen whether there
be enough of us left willing to take a great middle
conservative course, and settle pending contro-
versies, or whether these exciting, distracting,
mischievous questions, that have shaken the insti-
tutions of this country to their centre, shall remain
open, increasing the means and supplying the ele-
ment upon which fanaticism feeds. It is unneces
sary for me to say that 1 claim to be of that num-
ber who desire an adjustment of all these subjects
upon fair, just, equitable, and constitutional
grounds. When the proposition to refer them to
a select committee of thirteen gentlemen was made,
coupled with the wish that it should be composed
of Senators representing the varied and conflicting
opinions of all sections, and should have for four
of its members the distinguished Senators from
Kentucky, Michigan, Massachusetts, and Geor-
j gia, and added to this the declaration of our south-
ern friends that this they asked, and this they
desired, with the earnest hope and confident belief
matters could be adjusted upon such a basis as to
give peace and quietude to all our constituencies,
1 jom;d m the elfort to effect this result. Having
been honored with a place on the committee, I did
not feel at liberty to decline it; but have in good
faith used my humble efforts to aid others more
capable of executing the implied duty assigned
us. Sir, I might, with gre-tt propriety, have de-
clined this service; and had 1 permitted consider-
ations at all personal to myself to influence my
action, I should have done so; but the public func-
tionary who, at a period like this, under such cir- ;
cunistances and causes as are now weighing upon
the country, declines responsibility, does less than ,
his duty, and, I was about to add, is unworthy of
a place in the councils of the nation. I have,
throughout this controversy, (so full of interest
and momentous consequences to the Union,) en-
deavored to look at it as I know it to be.
There is a settled and deep feeling in most of the
free States in favor of the express inhibition of
slavery by Congress in all territorial governments.
Many honestly believe this action on the part of
Congress constitutional and necessary. Without
giving any opinion as to the constitutional power
of Congress on the subject, I have no hesitation in
declaring my individual opinion against the neces-
sity and expediency of such a course in the organ- ;
ization of the terrttoiies embraced in the bill before j
us. I shall not enter at large upon this topic, but ;
reserve my views for another occasion, when I !
hope to be able to satisfy those whose opinions I
and will it is my duty, as well as my pleasure, at \
all times to reflect, that my course is for the honor j
and prosperity of the country, and in obedience to 1
my duty as one of their Senators. I have m my
possession resolutions of instruction from the Le-
gislature of Indiana, directing me to vote for what
is called the proviso. The people of the adjoin-
ing State of Michigan, whose interests and objects
aie common with ours, have already relieved their i
Stnators from their previous instructions. The '
people of no portion ol this broad Confederacy are '
more honest, patriotic, intelligent, and devoted to I
the Union than those whom 1 have the honor in !
part to represent on this floor, and 1 am far from i
thinkimr it improbable that, if the actual condition
of our affairs were by them fully seen and under-
stood, their Legislature would relieve their Sena-
tors in like manner. Sir, I most deeply regret the
passage of those resolutions; but, lest I should be
misunderstood on this point, let me say here that
the right of instruction forms a part of my political
creed, and is a right that I have ever recognized,
and when I shall have refused to obey, let the
voice of complaint go forth—not before. Several
honorable Senators, members of the committee,
have announced their dissent to certain arguments
and conclusions contained in the report. That
which is objectionable to one, is acceptable to
others, and vice versa. It is hardly worth while
for me to say that there are reasons and conclu-
sions in the report in which I did not entirely con-
cur, in committee, and so in two of the bills; but,
failing in the consummation of my views there,
and having consented that the report should be
made, I shall not, in a spirit of cavilling and special
pleading, indulge in a reservation of points, or an
exhibition of ill-timed hostility, and, so fur as my
j own personal feelings and opinions are concerned,
I now endorse it, broadly, distinctly, and em-
phatically, and pledge myself to our distinguished
chairman, whose patriotic efforts in this crisis of
our affairs commands my high admiration, that
he shall have my humble aid and support through-
out the struggle.
But let me say, inconclusion, that if, aftera fair
trial, it shall be found the early friends and advo-
cates of a select committee do not come up to the
support of their joint measures—if it shall be as-
certained the ultimate admission of California as
a State is put in jeopardy by continuing a union of
the measures, I shall fall back upon the California
bill now on our table, and be as zealous and deci-
ded in support of her immediate admission as I
have been in the support of the combined measure.
I regret that a high sense of public duty impelled
me to separate from many of my northern friends
and the distinguished Senator from Missouri on
the question of reference. It would have given
me infinitely less trouble, and I should have es-
caped much unpleasant criticism, and from those
whose respect and friendship I appreciate, to have
banded myself with those opposed to any refer-
ence of measures. I could have, consistent with
legislative duty, sheltered myself behind my in-
structions, and pandered to this oneidea, that aims
to make and unmake men, politically speaking, at
pleasure. But, had I adopted this course, I should
have failed in the performance of my duty, and,
more than all, entertaining the opinions I do,
would have forfeited my own self-respect.
Not to detain the Senate longer, then, I repeat I
shall sustain the measures as they are, up to the
point where hope of success fails—which 1 trust
and believe will not be reached; but if it should, I
shall be found pressing the new Slate of California
into shape with as much zeal and singleness of
purpose as any Senator on this floor.
The question being taken on the motion to print,
it was agreed to.
Mr. FOOTE. I shall not press my motion for
printing an additional number of copiesat this mo-
ment. When the report comes before us in print,
and gentlemen have had an opportunity to exam-
ine it, I piesume they will not object to the mo-
tion; and if they do, I think 1 shall feel bound to
renew it.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 9, 1850.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKERannounced the regular business
of the morning hour to be the call of committees
for re pons, commencing where the call was last
suspended, with the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. McWILLIE was appointed by the Speaker
to fill the vacancy on ihe investigating committee
raised on the motion of' Mr. Stanly, in the place
of Mr. Inge, of Alabama, who was yesterday ex-
cused from service on said committee.
Mr. WALDO, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported the following bills,
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, referred to « Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the reports accompany-
ing, ordered to be printed, viz:
