1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a month. There is no favoritism in the matter,
for the rates are already established. The idea
that it would cost the Government but one half the
amount of the original contract is preposterous.
Mr. YULEE. I wish to read the law under
which the department can now do all that is neces-
sary. Under the 7th section of the act of March
•3,1845, it is provided—
uThat the Postmaster General shall, in all eases of offers
to contract for carrying the mail between any ot the ports of
the United Sutes and any foreign port or place, give the
preference to such bidder for the contract as shall propose
to carry the mail in a steamship or ships; and the said con-
tractor stipulating to deliver said ship or ships to the United
States, or to their proper officer, upon demand made, for
the purpose of being converted into a vessel or vessels of
war," &.e. i
The question being tfeken upon the amendment,
it was rejected.
Mr. G WIN. Notwithstanding the warning we
have had from the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, I think' it is my duty to offer another
amendment to this bill. 1 move to add the follow-
ing sections:
"Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of establishing a line of steamships to carry the United
States mails between San Francisco, in California, and
Shanghai, i n China, communicating with Hong-Kong, Amoy,
Chusau, and Macao, and touching at the Sandwich Inlands
going or returning each trip, it shall be the duty ot the Sec-
retary of the Navy, immediately after the passage of this act,
to contract with Ambrose W. Thompson, of Philadelphia,
for the establishment of the said lute of stearnslup>, on the
following term-* and conditions, v<z: The said Thompson
shall agree to establish, at his own expense, the a*id line ot
steam«hips, and to convey the United States mails between
Sao Francisco and Shanghai, and the other points designa-
ted, and shall receive no other or fuither compensation
•therefor Uian the amount of postages which he may charge
and receive on the mailable matter which may be conveyed
in his ships. The said line shall coim-t of six ships ot not
less than three thousand tons register each, and capable of
a <peed equal to any steamers now employed between New
York and Liverpool. Three of said ships shall be complo-
tpd and ready to be placed on said line withm two years af-
ter date of contract, and the other three withm two years
after the first shall have been so placed on the s.tid line; and
the ihrcelast constructed shall be placed on said line as soon
after they shall have been finished as practicable.
"The said steamships shall be so constructed as to be
-convertible at the least possible expense into war steamers
of the first class, and to be commanded bv officers of the
-navy not below the grade of lieutenant, and to receive lour
midshipmen on board as watch-officers, the said command-
ers arid officers to be detailed for the service by the Secre-
tary of the Navy. The said ships shall, if required by the
Secretary of the Navy, carry four heavy guns each, to be
provided, officered, and manned by the department. For the
term of two years after the first three ships shall have been
placed upon the line, they shall perform monthly trips each
way between the respective ports before specified. And
•when the whole number of ships shall have been completed
and placed on the said line as above stipulated, they shall
perform ^emi-monthly trips between the said ports respect-
ively. The said ships shall be constructed under the super-
vision of such constructor or naval officer as the Secretaty
•of the Navy may appoint.
n Sec. . And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
of establishing the aforesaid lines of steamers, it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to issue to the said
Thompson, uoon the requisition ot ihe Secietary of the
Navy, from time to time, in such sums as the said Thomp-
son may remnre, not exceeding in the whole the eost winch,
in the judgment of the Secretaiy of the Navy, shall be suffi-
cient for the construction and equipment ot said ships, cer-
tificates of United Sutes five percent, stock, which stock
shall be redeemable in twenty-five years. The Mid Thomp-
son shall p-w into the United States Treasury.semi-aunually,
as the interest on said stock may fall due, the full amount of
said interest so due, and shall also pay the principal on or
before the maturity tliereof. The said Thompson shall give
to the Secretary of the Navy satisfactory security for the
faithful and economical application of the sunn thus ad-
vanced towards the construction and equipment of said
shins ; and the Secretary of the Navy shall have the right to
cause the accounts of the disbursement* nude for lhat
obiect at anv time to beexammed, and shall also, from time
to tune, as "he mav desire, have the said ships arid their
machinery inspected, and require such repairs to be made
' by said Thompson as shall be lound necessary. The said
ships shall be kept in serviceable condition and repair, and
all improvements adopted at the expense ol said Thompson,
if so required on inspection; and-thfi United States shall
have a lien on them as security for the sum advanced for
their construction and equipment, m such form as the teec-
retarv of the Navv may require; and the said ship5; may be
taken bv the Secretary of tne Navy at any time toi the pub-
lic service, releasing said hen, and making to the said Am-
brose W. Thompson a fair compensation, to he ascertained
•bv appraisers to be appointed, one by the Secietary of the
Navy, or under his orders, one by the said Thompson, and a
third by the two so appointed • Prooi/led  lhat the rates ol
postage on maH matter charged and received by said! homp-
son shall conform to such regulations as may be established
by the Postmaster General, according to law • And provided,
further That-the power is reserved to the United btates to
assume the right of colleciing the postages a* m other cases
of mail transportation, allovvins in lieu thereof to the said
Thompson the same ratable compensation in the proportion
of ihe number of ships employed as is now allowed by law
to E. K. Collins and his a-sociates tor mail service between
New York and Liverpool."
Mr. COOPER moved to amend the amendment
by substituting the following sections;
"Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of establishing two lines of steamships to carry the
mails—one between San Francisco, m California. and
Shanghai, m China, communicating, with Hong-Kong,
Airioy, Chusan, and Macao, and touching at the Sandwich
Islands in going or returning; the other between Philadel-
phia and Antwerp or Ostend, in Europe, touching at Ports-
mouth, in England, and Havre, in France—it shall be the
duty of Ihe Secretary of the Navy, immediately after the
passage of this act, to contract with Ambrose W. Thomp-
son. of Philadelphia, for the establishment of the said lines
of steamships, on the following terms and conditions, viz:
The said Thompson shall agree to establish, at his own ex-
pense, the said lines of steamships, and to convey the United
States mails between San Francisco and Shanghai, and the
other points designated for the first line, and between Phila-
delphia and the points in Europe designated for the other,
and shall receive no other or further compensation therefor
than the amount of postages which he may charge and re-
ceive on the mailable matter which may be conveyed in his
r-lups. The said line of steamers between San Francisco
and Shanghai shall consist of six ships of not less than three
thousand tons register each, and capable of a «peed 'equal
to any steamer now employed between New York and Liv-
erpool Three of said ships shall be completed and ready
to be placed on said line within two years after date of the
contract, and the other three within two years after the first
three shall have been so placed on the said line; and the
three ships last constructed shall be placed on the said line
as soon after they shall have been finished as possible. The
hue between the United States and Europe shall consist of
four ships of equal size with the others, two of which shall
be completed within two years, and the others withm two
years thereafter.
" The said steamships shall be so constructed as to be con-
vertible at the least possible expense into war steamers of
the ticst class, and to be commanded by officers of the navy,
not below the grade of lieutenant, and to receive four mid-
shipmen on board as watch officers; the said commanders
and officers to be detailed for the service by the Secretary of
the Navy. The sanl ships shall, if required by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, carry four heavy guns each, to be provided,
officered^, and manned by the department. For the term ot
two years after the first three ships shall have been placed
on the first line, they shall perform monthly trips each way
between the respective ports as above specified, and on the
second line semi-monthly from the commencement of ser-
vice; and when the whole number of said ships shall have
been completed and placed on the said lines as above stipu-
lated, they shall perform semi-monthly trips between the
said ports respectively. The said ships shall be constructed
under the supervi-ion of such constructor or naval officer as
the Secretary of the Navy may appoint.
"Sec.—. And he \t further enacted, That, for the purpose
of establishing the aforesaid hues of steamers, it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to issue to the said
Thompson, upon the requisition of the Secretary of the
Navy, irom tune to time, in such sums as the said Thomp-
son may require, not exceeding m The whole the cost which,
in the judgment of the Secretary of the Navy, &hall be suf-
ficient lor the construction and equipment of the said ships,
certificates of United States five percent, stock, which stock
shall be ri deemable in twenty-five years. The said Thomp-
son shall pay into the United States Treasury, semi-annual-
ly, as the interest on said stock may fall due, the full amount
ot said interest so due, and shall also pay the principal ori or
before the maturity thereof. Tne sanl Thompson ^hall give
to the Secretary of the Navy satisfactory security for the
faithful and economical application of the sums thus ad-
vanced towards the construction and equipment of said
slops, and the Secretary shall have the right to cau^e the ac-
counts of the disbursements made tor that object at any
time to be examined, and shall also, from time to time, as
he may desire, have the said ships and their machinery in
spected, and require such repairs to be made by the said
Thompson as shall be found necessary. The said ships
shall be kept in serviceable condition and re pan, and all im-
provements' in machmcry adopted at the expense of >aid
Thompson, if so required on inspection; and the United
States shall have a hen on them as security for the sum ad-
vanced for their construction and equipment in such lorm a^
the Secretary of the Navy may require ; and the said ships
may be taken by the Secretary of the Navy at any time for
the public service, by releasing said hen, and making to the
said Ambrose W. Thompson a fair compensation, to be as-
certained by appraisers to be appointed, one by the Secretary
of ihe Navy, or under his order, one by the said Thompson,
and a third by the two so appointed: Provided, That the
rates of postage on mail matter, charged and lecejved by
the said Thompson on each of said lines, shall conform to
such regulations as may be e^tabh>h id by the Postmaster
General, according to law: And pronded, further, That the
power is reserved to the United States to assume the right
of collecting the postages, aS in other cases of mail trans-
portation, allowing in lieu thereof to the said Thompson, on
each of said hues, the same ratable compensation in the
proportion of the number of ships employed a* is nowwil-
lowed bylaw to E. K. Oollinsand his associates foi mail ser-
vice between New York and Liverpool."
Mr. C. remarked that the terms proposed were
precisely the same as in the amendment to which
his was a substitute. It proposed, however, a line
between Philadelphia and Antwerp or Ostend,
touching at Portsmouth, in England, and Havre,
in France. He would ask the vote of the Senate,
without debate.
Mr. GWIN accepted the substitute as a modifi-
cation of his own amendment.
Mr. MASON moved to amend the amendment,
as modified, l*y adding thereto the following as an
additional section:
« Sec. J3nd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Navy, in executing ihe said
contract as to the line between Philadelphia and Europe,
to cause a stipulation to be inserted therein, that on each
alternate trip the several steamships to be employed on said
line shall depart from and return to the port of Philadelphia,
in Pennsylvania, ajid the port of Norfolk, m Virginia; a (t
it shah be. thediuy of the said contractor faithfully to .carry
said stipulation into effect "
Mr. GWIN accepted the amendment as a mod-
ification of his own.
The question on being taken upon the amend-
ment as thus modified, it was rejected-
Mr. YULEE. I have a few amendments to,
offer, under the direction of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs. I shall present them to the Senate
without discussion or explanation, in order to econ-
omize time; biit I am prepared to give cjn explana-
tion upon any amendment if any Senator desires it.
The first amendment was read, making an ap-
propriation for the navy«yard at Brooklyn.'
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 believe the amendment
to be eminently right. I have investigated the
whole matter. It is a matter of public necessity;
yet I shall be obliged to vote against it, though out
of no disrespect to that committee.
Mr. YULEE. I must protest against the rule
prescribed by the Committee on Finance being
adopted by the Senate. These are matters which
properly belong to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. The amendments are for appropriations
very material to the public service, and asked for
by the Navy Department. They were referred to
the committee, and couid not be brought tothe
notice of the Senate until the naval appropriation
bill came in. If the House thought proper to de-
I lay their action upon the bill until the last mo-
1 merit, we ought not therefore to be prevented
from proposing such amendments as are essential
to the public interest.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say a single word.
These are subjects upon which the Senate of the
United States have been memorialized by the cart-
load; and the Committee on Naval Affairs has
been as silent as the grave upon them. There is
an amendment which I wish to propose to this
bill, which I have very much at heart; but 1 shall
accede to the course recommended by the Com-
mittee on Finance, and shall go against all amend-
ments. Theie are matters connected with this
bill which infinitely outweigh those which have
been reported upon, and upon which we have
been memorialized by the ton; but the committee
have said nothing upon them. I shall vote against
ail amendments, unless those which I think ought
to be adopted are taken up and adopted first.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire will wait until I get through, he may find
that the subjects to which he alludes have been
acted upon by the committee.
Mr. HALE. It has been- very lately, then;
they had not twenty-four hours ago.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was rejected.
Mr. YULEE. I have some other amendments
to offer.
Mr. CASS. I would suggest that the Senator
has discharged his duty. The temper and dispo-
sition of the Senate are such that it is useless for
him to proceed.
Mr. YULEE. I certainly cannot discharge my
duty without presenting the amendments. If the
Senate think proper to vote them down, that is
another matter. I tell the Senate that there are
portions of this bill which no Senator can approve,
and which it is absolutely necessary should be
acted upon. I would prefer rather that the whole
bill should fail than that some amendments of the
House should receive the sanction of the Senate.
I could not discharge my duty, then, without
bringing these amendments before the Senate for
their action. I offer another amendment.
[This amendment provides, as nearly as the Re-
porter could ascertain, for the extension of the
time for finishing the mail steamers, as a substi-
tute for the proviso directing payment to be in
proportion to the mail service performed.]
Mr. Y. said: I feel constrained, after the indica-
tion given by the Senate, to explain the amend-
ment I have offered, tn order that the Senate may
take the lull responsibility and consequences of
its rejection. Under the provision contained m
the naval appropriation bill as it came from the
House of ^Representatives, this consequence re-
sults, that all the ships which remain unfinished
upon the several lines which have made contracts
with the Government may be left unfinished, and
the contractors will be released from the obligation
to build them, while they will receive during the
remainder of the time of their contracts the full
