958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
in relation to the arrangements made during the
recess. When he (Mr. W.) came here at the
commencement of the present session, he found
the Speaker's room, which he (Mr. W.) had had
the honor to occupy during the two preceding ses-
sions, entirely refurnished. He could bear his
testimony that the room needed the change, and
he rejoiced that his honorable successor [Mr.
Cobb] had had the advantage of a better outfit
than he (Mr. W.) enjoyed. But he had never
been consulted in regard to furnishing the Hall
itself, or any other part of the Capitol.
Mr. KING resumed. The House would not,
the hoped, understand him as saying that the ex-
penditures were either unnecessary or extravagant.
All he intended to say was, that it was the duty
of the committee to make a report to the House,
in order that the House might make such regula-
tions as would bring these matters more immedi- |
ately under control. And such a course, he sub- j
mitted, was called for. The gentleman said he I
would not take the control of these matters from i
the House itself. It had been usual to direct re- |
pairs to be done with the advice of the Speaker.
No one could be a fairer person to whom to in-
trust the duty contemplated by the resolution than
the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, rose-to make an
inquiry.
Mr. KING- yielded the floor.
Mr. McLANE desiied, he said, to inquire
whether the Clerk of the House did not hold over
until his successor should be elected; and whether
he did not give bonds in respect to the contingent
fund which might be placed in his hands?
Mr. KING said, there was no doubt that the
Clerk was not authorized to pay moneys out of the
contingent fund except by order of the committee.
But during the recess of Congress, there was an !
expenditure of some ten to twenty thousand dol- !
lars. The committee came here and found that j
thisamountof expenditure had actually been made, !
and they were asked to direct its payment. If:
there was a question which deserved the consider-
ation of the House, this, he thought, was one. He \
repeated the disclaimer he had made of any inten-
tion to reflect upon the last Clerk of the House,
or any other officer. He (Mr. K ) alluded to a
vault (>js the reporter understood) which had been
built, at a large expense, under the authority of a
former Clerk, for the purpose of depositing the
public money, though he (Mr. K.) was not aware
that there had been at any t.'me the sum of five
hundred dollars upon hand, because, as gentlemen
well knew, the moneys were kept at the banks,
through which the business was carried on. He
refened, also, to another item of unnecessary ex-
penditure which had been incurred, as evidencing
the necessity and propriety of the interposition ot
the House in some such manner as that suggested
by tlie resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved to amend the reso- ;
lution by striking out all after the word " except,"
and adding the words, " unless previously directed
by the Committee on Accounts or the Committee <
on Public Expenditures." But  i
Mr. RICHAKDSON yielded the floor to—
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, who said, he
had - ■'
man
no objection to the amendment of the gentle-
ST from,U!ln?i8'[Mr Richardson;] but he (Mr. Stanton, R. H Staaton, Sm-o..,fhoma., j.'.eub Th,.pJom
to.) regarded the proposition of the Committee on ;] W illiam Thomson, \ enable, Waldo, Wallace, YYhmle>e\'
iiair>t* m U>   :  1;.;. '> VVlUlfick, ami Wood——6d.
sanction in advance to the expenditures which
thete officers might think proper to make. As
things now stood, the House did not sanction in
advance the proceedings of the Clerk. He relied,
as to the expenditures which he directed to be
made, on his own judgment, and o'fi the subsequent
sanction of the Huu&e.
Mr. RICHARDSON resumed the floor, but
again yielded to—
Mr. McLAJSE, of Maryland, who said that he
hoped the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] would now present the amendment
which he had suggested. He (Mr. McL ) was
very sure that the House understood that this was
a simple question as to whether the job of furnish-
ing the Hall of the House and the committee
; rooms, should be given out by the Clerk, or bv
the Commissioner of Public Buildings. It was a
question beneath the consideration of this House,
if the House had elected a Clerk who was respon-
sible to it, and if the President and Senate had ap-
pointed a Commissioner on Public Buildings, who
was made responsible also, let each of these offi-
cers perform his appropriate duties. Let the con-
tingent fund of the House be disbursed by the
proper officer of the House, who received this fund
from the Treasury of the United States, and who
gave bonds for its safe keeping. Let him be con-
trolled, as he now was, by the Committee on Ac-
counts; and let the Commissioner on the Public
Buildings remain in his appropriate sphere of
duty. If the majority of the House chose to take
this duty from the Clerk, let them do so. But let
them not make such an issue as was presented in
this proposition. And, if the gentleman from Il-
linois, [.vi#. Richardson,] who had courteously
yielded the floor, to allow him (Mr. McL.) to
make these few remarks, would consent, he would
move that the whole subject be laid upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON said he was satisfied that
the object to be attained by the resolution was
such as the gentleman from Maryland, wno had
just taken his seat, [Mr. McLane,] had suggested
—namely, whether the Commissioner of Public
Buildings or the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives should have the letting of the jobs. The
House, if it should pass this resolution, would
yield these expenditures up to an officer over
whom it had no control. He would, therefore,
withdraw the amendment which he had sent to
the Clerk's table, and would move that the sub-
! ject be laid upon the table.
i The question on that motion was taken, and the
! affirmative vote was declared to he 60.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS called for the reading of the reso-
lution.
It was read accordingly.
The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative—yea^ 66, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Aiberbon, A>ue, Averett, Bay, Ba\lv,
Bea e, B'>otn, Buwdon, Bowie, LowIim, Boyd, Albert G.
Brown, \ViMiaiij J. Hrown, Joseph Criole. G. A. Caldwell,
Cariter, W . R. W . Cobb, Ooicoek, Diininiek, Edinund.-on,
Fulitr, G irm.trj, Greene, Hall, iiaraKm, Ha.Jan, I-hain
Harris, 3. UMI irri-, Hiubard, IIovvanMnge, Robert W.
Jonnsou, Jones. La Set6, Lrffl«r, Lu'tefieki, AlcOrnand,
McDowell, Robert M. McLane, McMullen, McQueen,
Mc Willie, Mill-on, Mora*!, Morion, Orr, Parker, Peasli e,
Peck, Powell, Riehard-on, Sawielle, Suddm, F. P.
The contingent fund was a privileged fund, to be i| ban^Bn^BTo'ok^buJi''Ai,derson> B"nn"u> B,n-
If' b
Accounts as being in the highest degree impolitic,
The contingent fund was a privileged fund tc '
expended under the d.rection of the House. ..
the House provided by resolution that the Clerk, ; longer, Corwm, Oowui
by simply consulting the Commissioner of Public j. E^uis, Fovvier, Goit,Go'
Buildings, could make any alterations which he
' pleased, or which'the two gentlemen upon consult-
ation together might please, the House would m
a measure sanction in advance any expenditure
which might be made. As the matter now stood,
the Clerk acred upon his responsibility and judg-
ment,and was at all times responsible io the House
and to the Committee on Accounts. He (Mr. S.)
, Burrow.«, Chester Builer, T. B. j:
utier, j.jP. Caldwell, Cdlvm, Campbell, Ca>ey, Clarke, !:
j Dtb.-rry, bkke>, Duncan,
, . - aid, linllowav, Hay, f-I.tvimmd, 1
I ri--'b irri, Howe, Hunter, William T. Jackson, Andrew John- •!
i r<>n, Kiufuian, Darnel P. Kiu«, Gt orge G. King, Preston ■'
1 King. Mar-hall, MatiPson, Mi D. nald, McG, utjh«'y, Meach ii
| am, Moore, Morris, Nei-on, Newell, O^le. Outlaw, Phelys '
' Pttinan, Potter, Putnam, Reed, Rewioid?,'Ki-!t,y. ftuhuins'
i Rose, Rum-fy, Scheuek, Schookrait, Shtppt rJ,' t«prayuej |'
ii b. thump-on, i| _
ui->, W'uuwortn. j
■ Tnaddeus Stevens, Sweet>er, Tavlor, J<.ln
I Toombs, Tm-k, Van Dike, Vint™. \\\ulu
i Williams, VVilaou, and Woodward—
did not suppose that any change could be made ^ the table.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
for the better in the arrangement as it now existed.
There was, as gentlemen were aware, a general
law regulating the contingent fund; and the=Clerk,
under the control of the House, was bound to con-
foim to that lav. And he (Mr. S ) would repeat, 1
that, by passing the resolution, the House would
place in the hands of the Cleik and of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings, the power to ex- '
pend this fund to any amount, and would thus give |
Mr. WOODWARD moved to amend the reso- '
lution by Sinking out the words "with the con- j
sent and advice," and to substitute theiefor the !
words "wall the concunence." !
The objection was made by some gentlemen to i
the bill that it made the Cleik of tlie'H,m,e sub- j
ordinate to the Commissioner of Public Buildings
Now, the words "with the concurrence," would
obviate any such construction; and the resolution
so amended, would cease to be disrespectful to the
Clerk, and the two officers would obviously be put
upon an equal footing. It was not suggested that
one was to seek the other and get his consent.
He (Mr. W.) had voted against most of his polit-
ical friends, but lie was in favor of putting the Clerk
of this House under this restraint. It did not put
power, except in the negative form, in the hunds
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings. If he
(Mr. W.) might be allowed to use a political
phrase, it was a mere veto power in his hands.
If he had objections, nothing could be done; he
could not hiinself'do anything.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsyl vania, interposed,
and (Mr. W. yielding lor explanation) suggested
to the gentleman from South Caioliria, lo substi-
tute for the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
the Committee on Accounts, so as to provide that
these alterations and repairs should not be made
without the sanctioji of the Committee on Ac-
counts.
Mr. WOODWARD. If any gentleman wishes
to amend my amendment, 1 do not know that I
shall object to his proposition; but for the present,
1 will let my amendment stand.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from South Carolina that, pending his
amendment, an amendment to insert the Com-
mittee on Accounts would not be in order, be-
cause it is not introduced as an amendment to the
amendment, but an amendment to another part of
the resolution.
Mr. WOODWARD (resuming) said he was
going to say that the funds which had been put at
the discretion of the Clerk of this House for ihe
I furnishing of the committee rooms had not been
I judiciously applied. He asked gentlemen to look
into the different committee rooms and see how-
different were the accommodations. The Clerk
might be called upon by some member to have
his committee room very elegantly furnished, and
as the members of the House were the constitu-
ents of the Clerk, he could not well refuse to do it;
and thus they found the contingent fund of the
House exhausted perhaps for the benefit of a very
few members of the House. The fa t of the
unequal accommodations now found to exist in
the different committee rooms showed that the
discretion of the Clerk, without any restraint, had
not done well. He could not see what harm was
to result from requiring the concurrence of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings, which would
operate as a restraint upon the Clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON", interposing, (and Mr. W.
yielding,) said he would suggest that there was a
committee to whom the supervision of all the
rooms in the Capitol, he apnrehended, was dele-
gated, under the rules of the House—viz: the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds. He
was aware that it had been the practice for a long
series of years to give to the Clerk of the House
the supervision of the Hall of Repre.-entauves,
and of all the committee rooms of the House, and
that he had directed repairs and furnishing to
be made from tune to time. The whole system,
in his (Mr. H.'s) opinion, was wrong. The
turmshing and repairs should be authorized by a
regular system of appropriation, asked for by the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
should be expended under the supeivision and
direction of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
He hoped, therefore, if the honorable member had
any change to propose it might be on the basis
which he (Mr. H.) suggested.
Mr. WOODWARD. Do I understand the
honorable gentleman from Delaware lo object to
the proposition reported by the committee -
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know exactly what
the resolution is, and 1 shall be under the *!'fces-
sity of calling for the reading of the resolution
again before I am prepaicd to answer the queMion.
But I merely thnw out the s'lg^'enion \Umh 1
made in reply to observations winch have fallen
Irom the honoiable member since 1 came in.
Mr. WOODWARD lesumed the iloor, but
yielded again at the request of
Mr. McDONALD, who suid that the objrcl of
this resolution, us understood by ihe Cotnnmux
on Accounts, was to limit the discretion of the
Clerk in the expetifinuies to he made duri"^ the
recesses ot Cun^itss. It did not reiatr to tx-
pemlitures while Congress whs in when
it was supposed by the rommnvte that the House
hud the control of the^e matteis; but it provided tor
