2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
amount of remuneration. That is the operation
of t it- act as adopted by the House. It reads:
" P ovi'leA, That no payment shall lie made for said set--
vici' exe**pi in proportion to the mailaervice heretofore per-
formf-il, or that may be hereafter performed; and that the
S •« rcf-iry of tut- Navy is hereby directed to make payment
in said proportion only."
1 lie provision is, that payment shall be made
in proportion to the mail service The compensa-
tion to be made under the contract was compounded
of mail service and putting afloat a certain number
of ships which would be available to the naval
service of the country. We have .found that the
mail service, on account of the speed which has
been attained, can be performed with fewer ships
than the number contained in the contracts, and if
this proviso is passed, we can never relieve our-
selves hereafter from the obligation to pay the full
compensation for the ships which are already built,
and the contractors will notbe required to put upon
the line any more ships. They have now put on
bat three, which are two less than are required, if
the Senate choose to let the bill pass with this pro-
viso in Jt, the consequences are known to them,
a.id the committee will share none of the responsi-
bility for them.
Mr. RUSK. One word, sir, and it is simply
thii: the amendment seeks, at this stage of the
'session, to make a change, the propriety of which
we could not investigate so as to understand it in_
half an hour. But 1 will not consume the time.
Ii limns the operation of the act to two years.
Theie is no possible object in it. As the bill
stands now, they are only 10 recei/e compensation
in proportion to the mail service performed. The
amendment amount sonly to this: If Congress
wish these ships built at any earlier or a later day,
this limitation will embarrass the subject.
Mr. YULEE. I will state, because it is my
duty to state, that this amendment has been pre-
pared after consultation with one of the proprie-
tors of the principal line, and that the extension of
two years for the completion of these vessels was
introduced at their own instance, and as a favor to
them. Their vessels ought, by contract, to have
been built before this time; but there have been
reasonable grounds for delay. If we enforced the
obligation upon them, their contracts would fall;
but it is a matter of leniency to them that we still
hold them to the construction of the number of
ships required by the contract, and give them the
extension of two years beyond he time, which is
a long delay. It is a favor to them, and I will as-
sure my friend of the Post Office Committee that
the effect of adopting the mail service as the rate
of compensation will be to discharge them from all
obligations to build any more ships.
Mr. RUSK. I differ altogether from that opin-
ion. I have no objection to dealing liberally with
these contractors. 1 want to do it, and especially
under the circumstances. But, at the same time
that I am willing to deal liberally with them, I am
anxious to see the object of the Government car-
ried out.
Mr. MASON. This matter received the delib-
erate attention of the Naval Committee; and^I am
satisfied that by the action of the Senate, if they
adopt the bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, they will release the contractors from
the duty of building the number of ships stipulated
in the contract We shall pay them the amount
stipulated for the service of five ships, when they
perform it with three, and release them from the
obligation of applying the other two; and if we
would hereafter wish to modify it, we cannot do
it—for it will have passed beyond the reach of
Congress.
Mr. RUSK.. I am very clearly of the contrary
opinion. This only pays them in proportion to
the service they perform, and it does not at all
modify the contract. They have entered into a
solemn contract and obligation to perform certain
things
Mr. MASON. This is an important amend-
ment in modifying that contract; and I ask the
yeas and nays, that it may pass into the history
ol the country by whom the contract has been
modified.
Trie yeas and n.iys were ordered.
Mr. DAWSON, [.should be gratified if the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affaiis, or
the Senator from Virginia, would explain to us
th~ object of the amendment. We are'unable, m
this part of the Chamber, to hear what is going on.
Mr. MASON. I will detain the Senate but a
moment, in complying with the request of the
Senator over the way. The naval appropriation
bill, as it came from the House of Representatives,
reads:
" Provided, That no payment shall be made for said ser-
vice, except m proportion to the mail service heretofore
performed, or tliat may be hereafter performed, and that
the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to make pay-
ment in said propoition only."
Now, the contract is this: The contractors
were required to build five ships within a limited
time, and with those five ships to perform semi-
monthly mail service. They have built three
ships—the two remaining ships have not been
built. It ha3 been found that they can perform
the mail service required with the three ships only.
It is a part of the policy of the Government to
provide a certain number of steamships as war
vessels, and they therefore, stipulated that the con-
tractors should provide five. Now, as they can
perform the required mail service with three ships,
as the bill staiids, it is susceptible of being con-
strued to release the contractor from the duty of
providing the other two ships. He is to be paid
for the mail service he performs with three only,
instead of five contracted for. The effect of. the
amendment simply is to avoid that construction—
to give the contractors two additional years to
build the additional ships.
Mr. RUSK. I call the attention of the Senate
to the proviso. The bill reads:
" For transportation of the United States mail between
New York and Liverpool, between New York and New
Orleans, Havana, and Ohagres, and between Panama and
some points in the Territory of Oregon, $874 bOS): Provided,
That no payment shall be made tor said service, except m
proportion to the mail service heretofore performed, or that
iriay be hereafter performed ; and that the Secretary of the
Navy is hereby directed to make payment in said proportion
only."
Is there any release there ? Can it be pretended
for a moment that this release? the contractors
from any obligation in the contract? None upon
earth. It is the most strange construction I have
ever known to be put upon the language of a bill.
There is no interference at all. It is only a restric-
tion that the Secretary of the Navy shall not ex-
ceed in his payment the services rendered.
Mr WALKER. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads this question: Can these contractors claim
any paymentunlessthey comply with the contract?
If not, does not this bill compel the proper officer
to make payment for the service that is per-
formed, or shall hereafter be performed? If that
is the case, will it not modify the contract, and
vary the contract from the terms upon which it
was originally entered into, in putting the service
which they are performing and are to perforn upon
a differentground, and making it obligatory to pay
for it at variance with the contract?
Mr. BADGER. Allow me to say one word.
If I have understood this aright—and I am a mem-
ber of the Naval Committee, have examined it,
and concur in the view in which the amendment is
reported—the certain effect, or at least the proba-
ble effect, of the provision in the bill is, to relieve
the contractor from that part of the,engagement in
which the Government has an interest, and to
leave him in full fruition of that part of it m which
he has an interest. It is our interest that five ships
should be built, because in case of war they would
belong to us. But the contractor finds he can per-
form the service with three. The question is,
whether he shall be allowed to perform the service,
and receive the same compensation tor three ships
as if he had put on the other two, according to con-
tract, it being the interest of the Government to
have as many ships completed as are required in
the contract. That is the whole effect of the pro-
vision. It seems to me plain that the amendment
should be adopted.
Mr. HALE. I did not intend to say a word;
but It strikes me that this clause does not of ne-
cessity take that construction at all. itisofanega-
tive character entirely. It merely forbids the Sec-
retary of the Navy to pay any more than such a
sum. It is simply negative, and cannot have the
positive effect to change the contract. It is restrict-
ive—not to go beyond a certain amount. It leads:
« Provided, That no payment shall be n r.de for said ser-
vice except in proportion to (lie mail service heietofore per-
formed, or that may be lieieafter ptiforined, and that the
Secretary of the Navy is hereby dnected to make payment
in said proportion only."
Mr. BADGER. With the three ships he per-
forms the whole service, and is therefore entitled
to the whole pay. If the bill passes as it stands,
he may perform the whole service with three ships
and receive the whole pay.
Mr. RUSK, (in his seat.) No, sir.
Mr. BADGER. That is my opinion: it is my
judgment. On the contrary, it is the interest of
the Government that he should build the five ships.
While we wish the service performed with five
ships, it is the interest of the contractor to perform
it with three. Then, in case of a war, when we
have occasion to call for these ships to be turned
over for military purposes, we should have but
three instead of five ships. That is She state of
the case.
Mrj. DICKINSON. While I am aware that
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
says that the contractors prefer the amendment he
proposes—and I know they do, because they so
informed me, and I have no doubt they prefer it—
under other circumstances I would vote for it, and
even now if it were necessary—at the same time,
acting in view of the course 1 have marked oat, I
do submit to the Senate that the construction at-
tempted to be given to this matter is exceedingly
strained and artificial. It may be desirable that the
bill should pass with the amendment; but the idea
that this proviso releases any portion of the con-
tract I hold to be utterly absurd. Let us look at it:
There was a contract entered into with these indi-
viduals to build a certain number of ships, of cer-
tain dimensions, and to perform a certain mail ser-
vice. They have not built all the ships, and
therefore they have not performed all the service
required.
Mr. BERRIEN. If the Senator will alfow me:
Was there a limited time within which they were
to build these ships?
Mr. DICKINSON. Clearly.
Mr. BERRIEN. And has that[
Mr. DICKINSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK, (in his seat.) Upon an extension
by the Post Office Department.
Mr. DICKINSON resumed. Now, this bill
provides that they shall be paid in proportion to
the mail service they rendered, and no more. How
can it release them from an independent portion of
the contract, which compels them to build a cer-
tain number of ships of certain dimensions ? it
cannot be so.
Mr. PRATT. All of us naturally suppose that
the subject upon which we are about to speak has
been misunderstood by others. It occurs to me,
from what has been said about this part of the bill,
that it has not been properly understood. The
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Baeger,]
whose attention 1 desire in the remarks I am about
to make, has expressed views which I think I can
meet. The original contract, I learn, is for the
building of five steamships to carry the mail, as
provided for in this clause of the bill. Under the
original contract they were to be built within a
specified period. This period has passed,and the
time has been extended by the Navy Department.
So far as the mail service is concerned, they have,
with the three ships already built, discharged all
the mail service which was contemplated to be
discharged by the five. But the Government hav-
ing a further object, to have five steamers capable
of being used for war purposes, in the event the
Government should hereafter need them, the Gov-
ernment have an interest in compelling these con-
tractors to build two additional steamers. Now,
I ask the honorable Senator from North Carolina,
and others who have taken that side of the ques-
tion, what part of this proviso takes away from
the Government the power of enforcing this con-
tract r Here is a contract made some years ago,
by which these parties are bound to build five
steamers. The Government have already extend-
ed the time within which the two additional steam-
ers are to be built. That contract still stands.
This is only to authorize the Government to pay
for the mail service carried on by three steamers.
It does not relieve the contractors from the obliga-
tion which they took upon themselves. It only
authorizes the Government to pay for the service
performed by the three steamers, as if the five had
all been built, and only for the present year. Next
year we shall be called upon to make an additional
appropriation for carrying on this service again;
and then, if the steamers are not built, it will be in
the power of the Government to demand the fulfill-
ment of the contract. I apprehend 4hat the argu-
ment of my friend, that it will put it in the power
