1850.
THE CQNGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2043
of the Government to make a new contract—for
that is the extent of his argument—that it will put
it in their power so to construe the old contract as
to supersede the necessity of building the two ad-
ditional steamers, will be of little avail. It may
be done; it is now in the power of the Govern-
ment. But. are we to presume that the Govern-
ment will do that which we all see it is manifestly
prejudicial to the Government to do? 1 do not
suppose that the Government has agreed to dis-
pense with their building all the steamers they are
bound by their contract to build. Certainly, it is
not authorized to do so, merely by a provision to
pay for the mail service performed; for that has
nothing to do with the contract.
Mr. YULEE. I will not detain the Senate in
reference to the construction of this bill. I will
merely remark that it is not as easy, in the pro-
ceedings of the Senate, when a subject is brought
suddenly to the mind, to understand it thoroughly,
and come to a safe conclusion, as for the commit-
tee, which quietly considers the subject, which
weighs the effect and operation of the proviso, and
which had the whole subject-matter of these con-
tracts under consideration for the whole session.
It is sufficient that the committee recommend a
course to the Senate. If the Senate choose not to
adopt that course, it is for them to decide as they
please, i will only add this fact to what has been
stated to the Senate by others, that the Collins line
can perform their service with three ships, that
the contract requires five, and that they will be
released from the necessity of employing two ad-
dition^] ships upon this line if this amendment is
rejected.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Barnwell, Benton,
Iierrien3 Bright, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Day-
ton, Dod?e of Wisconsin, King, Mason, Millet, Morton,
Pearce, Spruance, Wales, Walker, Whitcoinb, Winthiop,
and Yulee—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bell, Cass, Chase, Clarke,
Dickinson, Downs, Evviri , Felch, Greene, Gwin, Hale,
Hamlin, Jones, Norris, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
Smith, Soute, Sturgeon, Turney, and Underwood—24,
Mr. BADGER moved to amend the bill by in-
serting at the end of line 109 the following:
"Provided, That no payment shall be made unless the
contract shall be substantially complied with, according to
its.true spirit and meaning."
Mr. DICKINSON. That raises the whole
question we had the other day.
Mr. BADGER. If the money is to be paid
when the contract is complied with neither in spirit
nor form, I want to know it. I ask the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
Mr. DAWSON, (in his seat.) There will be
no objection to it.
Mr. DICKINSON. There is just this objection
to it: that if it was passed, it would stop payment
upon every line in the United States of America.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. As I understand it, $270,000
or $990,000 are given annually to the owners of
these vessels to carry the mails; and they agreed
within a given time to provide five steam vessels.
That time has already passed when those vessels
should have been built. Now, I desire to know
from any gentleman upon this floor, whether at
the head of the Committee of Finance, of Naval
Affairs, or the Post Office Committee—whether
the fact is not that but three have been built, and
but two of them accepted ? My information is that
one of the vessels has been hired.-
Mr. PRATT. Will the Senator permit me to
explain? By the original contract, they were to
build five steamers fit for war steamers, and the
Government was to have the privilege of taking
them as war steamers, if they should be required.
They built two steamers under that contract. By
the original contract they were to build five
steamers of a certain amount of tonnage. They
have built two steamers equal in tonnage to the
whole five they had contracted to build, and they
have purchased one steamer in addition. With
these three steamers they have discharged all the
mail service required by the contract originally
entered into. Now, the Senator from Georgia
will perceive that the amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina is equivalent to striking out
the whole appropriation for this mail service; for
every one knows that it has been stated here over
and over again, that the original contract has not
been complied with; while the amendment pro-
vides that no payment shall be made unless it has
been complied with. We all know that instead of
five steamers, they have built k?ut two, and bought
one, which makes but three, although they have
a larger amount of tonnage than the whole five
were to have had under the contract. With these
three steamers they have discharged all the mail
service originally stipulated for. The amendment
strikes out all compensation, because it is clear
that the contract has not been complied with.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not wish to detain the
Senate by any discussion of this matter. It has
already been fully discussed; and, instead of ma-
king any additional remarks, I will call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the report of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. I will read a
short extract, which I hope will preclude the ne-
cessity of any further discussion on this matter.
The report says:
" Having thus deposed of the first portion of the subject
submitted to their con&tderation, your committee feel that
they vvoald be doing injustice to themselves were they not
to give more than a passing notice to the m.itters inseparably
connected with the establishment of ocean steam-packet
navigation. Before they do this, however, they, deem it
iheir duty to impress upon the Senate the obligation on the
part ot Congress to carry out to their fullest extent the con-
tracts already entered into. There" are some amongst us
who are disposed to cavil at the failure ot the parties to
these contracts to comply with the strict letter of their en-
gagements, and who are willing to punish any delays that
may have occurred by a Coilenure ot the privileges, incident
to them. To such vifrws your committee cannot give their
consent. Whatever has been done, has been done with the
best intentions; and, allhough contractors may have tailed
to fulfill their engagements literally, their failure to do so
appears to have proceeded from a desire to promote the in-
terests of the Government, and not from any deposition to
secure their own at the expense of public prosperity. Under
such circumstances, it becomes the duty of the National
Legislature to regaid these contracts with indulgence, and
to sustain and cherish an enterprise which, without the aid
of the Government, muot tall short of its mark. Il should
be boine in mind that whatever changes have been made,
causing necessarily delay and temporary inconvenience,
have been effected with a view to the advancement of our
commercial marine and maritime defences. Of the con-
tracts under consideration, it might, perhaps, be said that
not one has been performed to the letter. Even in the case
ofthe Pacific Steam Company,'which has excelled all others
in promptness and efficiency, a cavilei might see cause tor
fault-finding in the fact that vessel- that should have been
ready for seivice on the fit>t.ol October were not prepared
to depart before the sixth of the same month, oi one or iwo
months afterwards. Such, however, are not the views by
which enlightened legislation should he governed; the in-
tentions of the parties being evidently upright, they should
not he regarded and punished as wrong-doers."
"Now, if the question of compliance with the
strict letter of the contract is to be raised in this
case, it may be raised in every other in which the
mail service is concerned.
Mr. RUSK. I will not consume the time of the
Senate by investigating this subject; but it is a
proceeding hazardous m ihe extreme. The Naval
Committee, in the first place attempt to extend
these contracts two years longer than they are
now authorized to be extended. The next step is
to require a literal and strict compliance with the
terms of the contract, which everybody knows
has not been performed, and has been so reported
to the Senate. I regard this amendment as deci-
sive to the system altogether. One of the lines—
that of New York and Panama—have better ships
upon the line than were contracted for. They
have" not the number, as the Senator from Georgia
would have discovered if he had taken the trouble
to read the teport of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. Prior to the establishment
of that line, there was a regular line of British
mail-steamers under a contract system similar to
that adopted by the United Slates, visiting these
points and the southern portion of this country
monthly. If this line had not been established by
the Government, the result would have been that
at the time of the acquisition of California the
British mail-steamers would have taken possession
of the transportation of the mail between the dif-
ferent ports of the United States, as they have
had possession of the transportation of the mail
between the United States and Mexico all the
time. If it is our object to break down this sys-
tem to destroy these contracts—and if it is our
object to transfer the carrying trade, mail service
and all, to British steamers, and to have that done
upon your whole southern shore, then vote for
this amendment; for that will be its effect.
Mr. BADGER. If my friend will allow me to
interrupt him for a moment, rather than to pro-
long a discussion at this period of the session, I
ask leave to withdraw the amendment.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
THE BOUNTY LAND BILL.
A message was received from the House return-
ing the bill granting bounty lands to officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States, with the announce-
ment that the House disagreed with the second and
sixth amendments of the Senate to said bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider said amend-
ments. which areas follows:
tc Or marines whose, names have been returned on muster
rolls, or in any other official manner, to the War Depart-
ment as having."
"And that every officer, private, or musieinn, or any
naval officer, seaman, or marine, whether of regulars, vol-
unteers, or militia, who ha* actually beeja under fire in any
engagement with the, enemv,shall be entitled toonf hundred
and sixty actesof land, and each of the surviving officers
and seamen of the navy of the United States, or, in the event
of their death, their widows or minor children, who per-
formed service on boa'd of any. of the public arm^d vessels
of the United Stairs, or on land in either of the war> afore-
said, shall be entitled to like quantities of land tor like ie*ms
of' sf-Tvieo a> li^reinbetore provided for officers and privates
in the military service of the United States."
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS,
" Resolved, That the Senate insist on the said second and
sixth amendments disagreed to by the, Rouse.
" Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of Repre-
sentatives thereof."
THE NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILt.
The Senate resumed the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. YULEE moved to amend the bill by striking
out from lines 228 to 257 inclusive. The part pro-
posed to be stricken out is as follows:
" For commencing the constitution of afloatina dry dock
on the coast of \ ah forma, $100,000; and the Secretary of
the Navy is authoiized and directed to enter into a contract
with Samuel D. Daktn, John S. Gilbert, Zeno Secor, and
Ruthertord Moody, for the. eonr-truction, with all reasonable
dispatch, of a sectional or balance floating dn-dfck, basin,
and railway, att-uch harbor on the ci>a.^t ofthe Pacific ocean
as he may select, of a capacity and dimensions in no respect
inferior to those of the drv dock in progress of construction
at Pwisacola: Provided, That, by granting the ?aid con-
tractors petnii>sion, if required, to prepare the materials
chiefly at some harbor on the Atlantic sea-board, and ad-
vancing moneys thereon as the work progresses, the «aid
works can be completed at a sum not exceeding by more
than twelve percent, the total amount contracted to be paid
for tin- floating dock, ba-un, and raihvav, at the Pensacola
navy-y.ud, with the addition thereto of what would he the
cost of transportation to said coa>t of the said mateiials
thus prepated, aiifl with the reservation nil the work* are
done of ten per cent., and the u^tial s-urt ty for the faithful
performance ot the contract. And it shall alfO be the duty
of the Secr+faty of the Navy to enter into an agreement
with the said contractors, if they will keep Ihe said works
in repair, and take proper care of the same, for any givt n
period of years, free of charge to the Government, to permit
them to u^e the e.aid woi ks during «uch period, on their own
account, for repairing merchant vessels, when not occupied
bv vessels of the navy, to which precedence shall at all
times be given."
THE CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message from ihe House was received, an-
nouncing that they had insisted on their disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate, and asking
a conference; and that Messrs. Bayly, Vinton,
and Jones had been appointed to conduct such
conference on the part of the House.
Mr DICKINSON moved that a committee of
conference be ap'pointed on the part of the Senate;
and the motion was agreed to.
Messrs, Dickinson, Soule, and Badger were
appointed the conferees.
[A message was received from the House, re-
turning the Senate bill to extend the laws and ju-
dicial system of the United States to California,
with sundry amendments.]
THE NAVAL BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of this
bill.
Mr. YULEE. This amendment will save to
the Government, according to my calculation,
about $2,000,000, very unadvisedly, inconsider-
ately, and hastily proposed to be expended by the
bill as it came from the other House. I presume
that, if the Senate is unwilling to make additions,
they will at least be willing: to make diminutions
in the bill, where the expenditures under it can be
diminished with advantage to the public interest.
The clause proposed to be stricken out relates to
a "sectional or balance floating* dry dock, basin,
and railway," on the Pacific, ft makes a modest
appropriation to begin with of $100,000; but if
gentlemen will examine its terms, they will find
that the cost will certainly reach a million and a
half; and, according to my estimate, it cannot fall
short of fevo millions. This is done without any
recommendation from any department; before we
are prepared to locate any such establishment
