W054
THE CONGRESSIONAL.GLOBE.
Sept. 28,
there; before the Government has been able to de-
termine where a navy-yurd should be placed;
therefore, before they are ready to decide what
kind of a dock will be best adapted to the purpose.
Without detaining the Senate, t will send to the
Chair a letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
which will show the opinion of that department
Upon the subject.
The letter was then read.
Mr. GWIN. Is that a letter from the Secretary
of the Navy against a dry dock in California ?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator has heard
it read.
Mr. GWIN. I am very sorry he should have
opposed such a proposition as that. I have here
a letted of Commodore Jones, who has been upon
the coast for two years, and I will ask that it be
read in opposition to what the Secretary of the
E£avy says.
The letter was read.
Mr. GWIN. Now, Mr. President, here is the
testimony of Commodore-Jones, who has been
there for years. He says that it is indispensable
to have a dry dock there now. 1 -know the fact
that there are three hundred vessels on that coast !
that cannot get around the Horn, and they need j
a dry dock there to repair them. The loss of one
of these vessels would be nearly equal to the ex-
pense of building a dry dock. It may be said
"that the dry dock is needed by the commercial
men of the Atlantic coast. There are those upon
the Pacific who are interested in it. Hundreds
and hundreds of whalers would go "there for re-
pairs, if we had a dock there. There is some dif-
ference between the opinion of the Secretary of
the Navy and that of Commodore Jones as to the
selection of a place. 1 am astonished that the
Secretary of the Navy should have made such a
report; for Commodore Jones not only selected
that as the best site in the bay of San Francisco,
but requested the reservation of the lands for that
purpose.
Mr. CASS suggested that the appropriation
should lie over until the next session.
Mr. GWIN. Why, sir, we want it mow.
Here is the report which the former Secretary of
the Navy made at the beginning of the session.
He says:
" The condition of nur public ships (as well a*! of our
numerous merchant ships engaged hi a rapidly-extending
and lucrative commerce in the Pacific ocean, its remote-
ness from the Atlantic citics, and the long and perilous
voyage around Cape Horn) renders some adequate and
proper means tor their rapairon the eoa>tof California ab-
solutely nrcessary. Whenever the condition of that coun-
try and the prices of labor will justify the undertaking, the
establishing of a navy-yard, and the construction of a dock
or marine railway, for the refitting and repair of our ves-
sels, are earnestly reeommended.'i,
I do not understand the building" of docks. I
am told that these gentlemen have the patent, and
no dock can be built except by them. The Govern-
ment is compelled to employ them. There have
been three docks, I believe, built by the same par-
ties—one in the State of the gentleman who
moved this amendment, and two others. Now,
sir, I think the sooner the dock is made, the bet-
ter. I will not detain the Senate, but 1 hope the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. SEWARD. No one, I think, can deny
that a dry dock at a navy yard is necessaty.
■whenever one shall be necessary upon our Pacific
, coast. If it be begun now, it cannot be accom-
plished too soon, because no one can foresee the
necessities of political events which will render it
necessary. I assume, then, that a dry dock is to
be built, and a navy-yard to be built somewhere
upon the Pacific coast. I think it is clear that it
ought to be begun now. Then the only consid-
eration remaining is, whether there is anything to
be saved by postponing this matter until another
session of Congress. The economy, if there be
■ any, must consist in getting better terms at another
time. I know of no reason to suppose that that
can be done. The delay will not be merely from
this time until the commencement of the next ses-
sion of Congress; but, by the experience we-have
all had, we know that it will be a delay until the
end of the next session of Congress, because bills
of this class never pass until just at the close of
the session. It will, then, be a postponement of
the commencement of this operation /rom now
until next spring. We shall have loq£ nearly six
months.
In regard to the location, in any event, that is
tj be determined by the Secretary of War. In
regard to the estimates of construction* that, in
any event, is to be determined by his discretion,
and not by the discretion of Congress. This,
then, refers to him now what must, in any event,
be referred to him, and anticipates, if possible, the
period when we may suffer for want of a dry
dock upon the Pacific coast. I see no reason why
theappropriation should not pass.
Mr. YULEE. I will make a few observations
to correct some misapprehensions. I should like
to know from what information the Senator from
California founds his assertion that a report has
come from the board to which he refers.
Mr. GWIN. I have seen it.
Mr. YULEE. Tne Secretary of the Navy
says in veiy distinct terms:
" I have to state that a joint board of officers of the army
and navy is now employed in surveying the coast and liar
bors ol the Pacific, with reference to naval and military
defences, and the most eligible position for a navy-yard
upon the coast lias not yet been ascertained."
I understand there is a great contrariety of opin-
ion among the different officers in the navy as to
the proper location, and that a large number of
highly "intelligent gentlemen and officers are very
strongly of opinion that Puget sound is the best
location. It will require some time to make the
location. What peculiar opportunities Commo-
dore Jones may have had to form a judgment upon
this matter, I cannot say. I can only rely upon
authentic information. The Secretary of the Navy
is not opposed to the construction of a dry dock
there at all. On the contrary, I understand him
to be of opinion ihat a dock there will be neces-
sary, as we all know that it will be necessary
there should be one; but he objects upon two
grounds, and I think he well objeets upon bolh of
these grounds, to the appropriations now proposed
in this bill. One of them is, that, in view of the
early day at which Congress wiil again assemble,
he does not think an appropriation lor a dry dock
is necessary now. We shall meet again in two
months. By that time we shall have a full report;
and we can then decide whether a dock shall be
built, and of what description it shall be. But the
other objection stated in the Secretary's letter is,
that he thinks a permanent- stone dock would be
better, if Congress determines to make an appro-
priation now. The appropriation, as it comes
from the House, is this: It proposes to build a
floating dock, basin, and railway, when we do.not
know that they will answer the purpose for which
a dock is to be built.
By dint of several years' urgency upon Con-
grebS, appropriations were made for the construc-
tion of three of these floating docks, with basins
and railways, very much as an experiment; one
of which was to be at Pensacola, as stated by the
Senator fiom California, and another at Philadel-
phia, and the other at Portsmouth. None of them
have yet been completed to such an extent as to
be able to permit their being tested. It is as yet,
then, altogether an experiment. I have heard the
opinion expressed by very competent and skillful
engineers, that even if they answered the purpose
for a year or two, there is very little assurance to
believe that they can last more than three, four, or
; five years. At all events, it is an experiment yet,
j and one which will have been tested to a certain
| extent by the next session, because the dock at
i Portsmouth is nearly completed. We shall, then,
j have an opportunity by the next session to test it.
But, upon the score of economy, the provision
! contained in this clause, which I propose to strike
! out, should not be retained. It proposes to allow
! the cost of that in the Pensacola navy-yard, with
twelve per cent, added, and then in addition to that
the cost of the transportation of all the materials
from this side of our coast to the Pacific side. My
estimate is that it will cost very nearly two millions.
The appropriations for the structure at Pensacola,
which have been already made, and which are made
by the bill now before us, amount to $1,047,653;
and I am apprehensive that an additional expendi-
ture will yet be necessary to make secure the bot-
tom of that dock. Add to that twelve per cent.,
and then add the cost of the transportation of all
the materials from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast,
and you will form some estimate of the cost of the
structure upon the plan proposed here; and that,
too, upon an experiment which we have no assu-
rance will succeed. But it has a worse feature than
that. The Secretary of the Navy is required to en-
ter into an agreement with the contractors that, in
certain cases, the use and disposition of this struc-
ture—which will have been built for the United
States, and with the moffey of the United States—
will be given for commercial and private uses.
This, it seems to me, cannot be other than an un-
wise and dangerous precedent, f leave it to the
Senate to determine whether the objections which
1 have suggested are sufficient to induce them io
strike outthe provision,'or whether they will sanc-
tion such an appropriation by refusing to strike it
out.
Mr. GWIN, It will take ten years to build a
stone dock there, and it will cost three times as
much money as a wooden one. Besides, where
are you going to get the stone I
Mr. YULliE. I will state that it requires a 
much stone for the basement proposed by this-
contract to be made as for a permanent stone docks
so that wherever the stone comes from for the one
case it must be obtained in the other. And I wili
state further that the permanent stone dock in the
navy-yard at Charlestown, Massachusetts, cost
about the same as the basin and dock in its neigh-
borhood.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I have very good?
information, upon which I rely, that the difference
in the expense of the two kinds of dock is very
great. This question has been thoroughly ex-
amined by the Committee on Naval Affairs in the
House, who brought in a bill for a floating dock,
and it passed the House by an almost unanimous
vote. It was thoroughly discussed before it came
up here, and is recommended to us by the acuort
of the House.
But the Senator talks about the location- of the
dock at Puget sound. What we want is a float-
ingdock. The location is a matter of little con-
sequence, as it can he located hereafter Com-
merce will, however, be likely to spring up on the-
sound sooner than on the coast. We want a float-
ing dock also for commercial purposes.
Mr. YULEE. None of our docks here are
used for commercial purposes.
Mr. GWIN. Well, sir, we want this dock for
commercial purposes. I suppose the Senators
from Maine and Massachusetts would take some
interest in having a commercial dock there, where
whale and merchant ships could be repaired. It
is, however, so obviously our interest to have a
dock there, that 1 will not detain the Senate by
debating the question.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator has
referred to the action of the House, and makes
that one of his reasons in favor of the proposition. -
I will answer that by referringto the action of the
committee of the Senate. We have appropriate
commiuees, to each of whom is assigned its ap-
propriate business. This subject was referred to
tne Committee on Naval Affairs, and it seemed
to be a part of their duty to confer with the head
of the naval service here, and inquire his opinion
m reference to thissubject. He gave that opinion >
in writing, against the appropriation at this time,
and he has given what appears to my mind to be
very satisfactory reasons for that opinion. He
says that a proper plan has not yet been matured,
and that the Government is now in process of as-
certaining the proper point, and the probability of
getting the right kind of materials of which to con-
struct the kind of dock required. After the com-
mittee had received the communication of the Sec-
retary of the Navy which has been read, they ?
decided against this appropriation, and they have
made that decision known to the Senate. Now,
the action of the committee of the Senate, backed
by the opinion of the Secretary of the Navy, is
worth as much as the report of the committee of
the House. I think our safest plan is to follow the
recommendation of the head of the department
having charge of this branch of business. I admit
the necessity of a dock at this point—not so much
the immediate aa the approaching necessity; but I
do not believe this is the proper time to construct
it. How much is this work to cost? Is there any
o-entleman here prepared to answer that question?
Under the provision of this bill, the Secretary of
the Navy is bound to contract with certain indi-
viduals. The amount of that contract is unlimit-
ed. He is bound-to give those contractors just
what they please to ask. Now, supposing that
manual labor costs just as much more in California
aSMr. GWIN, (in his seat ) The materials will
be transported there from here. "
Mr. BRIGHT. But it will require an immense
