THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN, C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1850.
New Series .No; 61.
the bill now under consideration. They are all
alike prohibited powers, and each one, as much
as another, should remain so, until some extreme
emergency demands the constitutional consent.
The case before us does not present such a
state of facts as, in my view, will justify our inter-
ference.
Mr. TUCK said: I have not failed to notice,
that this bill has been brought to the last stage of
enactment, without careful examination, and bya
method of dexterity in legislative management,
which does much credit to the gentleman from
Maryland. It came up unexpectedly in Commit-
tee of the Whole, was unexpectedly reported from
that committee, with a recommendation that it
pass, and it now is most unexpectedly sprung
upon us at a time when not a single member could
have looked for it.
Sir, I have many objections to this bill, which
the hurried manner in which we are forced into
this discussion will not permit me to state in the
manner I should desire. The bill is a special act
of legislation, for the benefit and advantage of the
people of Baltimore, exclusive of all others. It
proposes to lay a tax of two cents per ton upon all
the shipping that shall enter the port of Baltimore.
Does any other city in the Union enjoy the privi-
lege of levy ing such an exaction ? Does the ship-
ping interest of the country pay tribute to any
other municipal corporation in the land ? Certainly
not. Baltimore alone, of all the commercial cities
of the Union, demands this tribute money. To
submit to this demand would be disregarding one
of the most obvious principles of Democracy that
has ever been laid down.
In all the lessons of Democratic teaching which
1 have received, or known others to be taught in,
special legislation is set forth as wrong in princi-
ple, and to be avoided in practice; and this bill is
manifestly to be condemned on this maxim. To
legislate for the purpose of gianting special privi-
leges is anti-Democratic; and to legislate for the
purpose of imposing special burdens is not only
anti-Democratic, but it is injurious and wrong.
The bill before us is exposed to both these ob-
jections; it grants special favor to the city of Bal-
timore, and it imposes special and obnoxious
burdens upon the shipping interests of the coun-
try. The excuse for this act is, I understand,
that money is needed from year to year, and per-
petually, to improve the harbor of Baltimore.
And, sir, if the harbor of Baltimore needs per-
petual improvement, shall it be done at the sole
expense of the shipping interest? The money
expended for the improvement of the harbors
and rivers, is taken from the common treasury,
and I am unable to see any consistency or pro-
priety in compelling the shipping interest alone to
bear the burden of improving Baltimore.
Again: this bill proposes to sanction the princi-
ple of internal improvement—a principle in which
I believe, but which is opposed by a considerable
number of this House. I hope the opponents to
internal improvement, on the ground, as they
believe, that the Constitution has not given the
requisite power to Congress, will be united in
their opposition to this bill, which proposes in-
ternal impiovement in a manner and by means
most obnoxious. If the tax of a few pence upon
tea was intolerable with our father before the
Revolution, I trust that we shall not ourselves
impose a two-cent tax upon a portion of our own
people, for the benefit of a single city, which will
be most invidious, obnoxious, and unjust.
If the city of Baltimore needs money for the
improvement of their harbor, let them come here
and present their requests as other cities do theirs,
and I will pledge myself to support their reason-
able demands. I am in favor of expending large
sums annually to improve our ports, rivers, and
harbors, and I am as willing to grant relief to
Baltimore as to any other city. But I am not in
favor of singling her out from all others, and
giving her aid in the manner she asks.
The constitutional power of Congress to pass
the bill, I will not examine, though the question
might be fairly raised, in my humble belief. Like
61
others, I have had scarcely any time to arrange
what I would say, by reason of the dextrous
manner in which the bill has been pressed sud-
denly upon our attention; but no alertness, or
prompt and hurried action, shall prevent me from
opposing a bill so manifestly partial and unjust.
Mr. McLANE said, as the port of Baltimore
was involved in this bill,, his own identification
with the constituency of that city caused him to
feel somewhat embarrassed, lest the House might
relate the matter more personally to himself than
a question of public moment ought to be. As
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, he had
reported this bill; an'd he desired to show no more
interest in it, so far as his relation to this House
was concerned, than he would show in any other
bill of national public concern which was reported
from that committee. So far as any particular
exertion of his was concerned in presenting this
bill to the consideration of the House, which had
been animadverted upon by the gentlemen from
New York and New Hampshire, it was, perhaps,
his fault that he had shown less diligence, less care,
less attention to this bill than was its due.
Now, so far from anybody being taken by sur-
prise, this bill was reported from the Committee
on Commerce at an early period of the session, be-
cause on the 1st of June the act expired which re-
newed the act which had been renewed from time
to time since 1800. The bill had therefore been
reported at an early period of the session, and
made a special order of the committee. When it
came up m Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, he had had the honor to address the
committee in a brief explanation, in which he had
fully stated what was the bill, what was Jjie amount
of duties imposed, and for what purposes. At
the conclusion of that explanation, he had appealed
to the committee to know if further explanation
was necessary; and he had submitted, that if fur-
ther explanation was not necessary, he hoped the
committee would report the bill to the House.
No further explanation was demanded; no opposi-
tion was made to the bill; it was reported to the
House, and by inadvertence it was locked up in
the Clerk's desk, instead of being placed on the
Speaker's table, where it would have been consid-
ered on some former occasion. It would, in fact,
have passed the same evening on which it was re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, if the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Putnam] had not desired to be heard
upon it. To give him this opportunity, the House
adjourned.
The bill came before the House, then, at this time,
under disadvantages; and he did not feel that, as
the representative of the city of Baltimore, or as
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce, it re-
quired him to occupy much of the time of the House
in noticing the objections which had been made
to it. The gentleman from New York [Mr. Put-
nam] had made two objections; the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Tuck,] permit him
to say, had offered no objections. The gentleman
from New York feared that the bill was unconsti-
tutional.
Mr. PUTNAM (in explanation) said the gen-
tleman from Maryland had misunderstood him.
He (Mr. P.) had not taken the ground that the
bill was contrary to any express provision of the
Constitution, but contrary to its spirit li
Mr. McLANE ^continued. His friend from |t
New York said the bill was opposed to the spirit >,
! of the Constitution. The Constitution of the ;;
United States, in the clause quoted by the gentle- ij
man from New York, did provide that "no pref- )j
erence shall be given by any regulation of com- '
merce or revenue to the ports of one State over
those of another," &c.; but a paragraph in the
following section said that " no State shall, without
the consent of Congress, lay any duty of tonnage,
keep troops," &c.
Now, (said Mr. McL.,) it was not a preference
by Congress for the port of Baltimore that this bill
provided, but permission for the State of Mary-
land to lay a tonnage duty on the commerce of
Baltimore, it was a tax—it was an imposition
upon the commerce of that port for local purposes,
and not a benefit, or a favor, or a preference over
other ports. As early as 1800, Congress gave
permission to the State of Maryland to Jay this
tonnage duty. So far from its being against the
provisions of the Constitution, the Constitution
provided for it in express terms. It was for local
purposes. This tonnage duty was laid not to give
any preference or particular advantage in the im-
provement of the river and harbor of Baltimore.
The river and harbor proper of Baltimore stood
where other rivers and harbors stood—under the
general power of Congress. This bill proposed a
local tax, a local duty, for local purposes. The
harbor of Baltimore proper, as connected with the
river Patapsco, had nothing to do with the basin;
to clear which this tonnage duty was laid. The
city of Baltimore had constructed, just as a com-
pany in the city of New York had constructed,
docks and a basin where commerce entered; and
no one would contend that it would be giving a
preference to the port of New York to authorize
that State to lay a tonnage duty upon the vessels
that entered those Atlantic docks, provided those
docks had been constructed and maintained at the
expense of the city and State of New York. The
cases were not altogether parallel, it was true, but
these New York docks fully illustrated the prin-
ciple involved. The basin was not the original
harbor; and if vessels did not go into that basin
and to those docks, they would not pay the ton-
nage duty. Coal vessels and lumber vessels which
went up arms of the Patapsco, not connected with
the basin, landed and received cargoes without
paying tonnage duty.
Mr. SCHRNCK, interposing, (and Mr. Mc-
Lane yielding,) said, before the gentleman left
that point of his argument, he wished to say a sin-
gle word. He undeistood the gentleman's argu-
ment to be that this tonnage duty was laid only
upon vessels entering the upper harbor of Balti-
more, which was the private property of the city
of Baltimore.
Mr. McLANE. I mean to say that this ton-
nage duty is collected at the docks of the city.
Mr. SCHENCK. Still, I wish the distinction
made: Is the duty laid for entering the port and
harbor of Baltimore, or is it for enjoying the priv-
ilege of a private basin.'
Mr. McLANE replied that there were arms of
the Patapsco below and to the east of the basin,
where the tonnage duty was not laid. A public
basin had been constructed by the city and State,
and was now maintained at the expense of the city;
and at this point of the inquiry, he would say to
the gentleman from Ohio, and to the House, that
since the year 1797 an annual appropriation for
this basin had been made by the city, in addition
to the tonnage duty. The annual appropriation
made by the city had varied from §5,000 to §35,-
000—the amount in the aggregate was §861,000.
The two-cents tonnageduty had averaged annually
from §2,000 to $7,000, and in the aggregate had
amounted to $192,000. Thus §861,000 had been
appropriated by the city for the benefit of that ba-
sin, while §192,000 only had been collected for
this purpose by tonnage duty. When he had re-
ferred to these numbers before, he had made a
mistake, which he now corrected.-
Mr. DUNCAN, (Mr. McLane yielding for
explanation,) inquired of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, in case this basin and these docks were
private property—the property of the city what
necessity there was to ootain the assent of Con-
gress to give this private corporation the right to
collect a duty of vessels enjoying the privilege of
this basin and docks ?
Mr. McLANE said he did not state that these
docks and basin were private property. He had
explaned that the case was not exactly parallel to
the case of private docks. What he had stated
was, that this artificial basin had been constructed
and maintained by the city of Baltimore and State
of Maryland, as a facility for the commerce of the
city, and that the Constitution of the United States
required the consent of Congress to tax the com-
merce of Baltimore io pay for these special facili-
