1850.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOjBE.
mm
amount of labor to complete the work after the
materials are there. Now, we have agreed to pay
our judges of the United States court $5,500 per
annum, and for the same class of judges in other
States we pay $1,500. So, if the increase of the
price of labor is to be computed by the increase of the
salaries of the judges m California, this work will
cost something like six or seven millions of dol-
lars. I believe the cost of such a work is estimated
in the old States at one and a half millions of dol-
lars. I understand the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs to estimate the cost at two mil-
lions. Now, if we estimate the cost of labor in
proportion to the increase in other cases, this dock
wtll cost from four to five millions of dollars. For
one, therefore, I am not willing to incur this vast
expenditure at this time. I do not think the ne-
cessity is so immediate as to justify it. I concur
with the opinion of the Secretary of the Navy, that
the proper time would be after the report is received
from the engineers who are making surveys, in-
tending first to locate the point, and then to decide
upon the character of the work—whether it shall
be a stone or a dry dock. J, for one, will not con-
sent to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to
enter into a contract with these individuals, who
are to be allowed to charge whatever they please.
Mr. PEARCE. I concur entirely with the Sen-
ators from Florida and Indiana who have spoken
upon this subject. I recollect very well when this
project of introducing into the service of theUruted
States floating dry docks was first brought before
Congress. I was then a member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and 1 recollect very distinctly the
great argument by which we were urged to adopt
this system. It was upon the score of cheapness.
"Well, sir, Congress very hastily adopted that sys-
tem, against the recommendation, I believe, of the
department, and against certain declared opinions
of the Naval Committees of both Houses. We
were beguiled by the promise that the floating dry
docks would be exceedingly cheap. Well, what
is the fact? Why, sir, they are more expensive
than y«tir stone docks, while the one is perishable,
and can last but a few years, and the other is inde-
structible. The stone dock at Boston cost $700,000.
How much have you appropriated already for
these unfinished floating docks, which were to cost
so much less than the stone docks? Why, for the
one at Pensacola, the Senator from Florida informs
me that you have appropriated over a million dol-
lars. Well, sir, 1 find in the appropriation bill of
this year over $370,000 for a floating dry dock at
Philadelphia; last year, $200,000; and the year be-
fore, $400,000—to be divided between the three.
So there has been already $800,000 appropriated
for the dry dock at Philadelphia, which cost much
less thaa the one at Pensacola, being one hundred
thousand more than the cost of the stone dock at Bos-
ton. And after all, your floating dock is but a per-
ishable contrivance. I think it is a most reckless
expenditure of the public money, and that Congress
is to be censured for having rushed so blindly and so
largely into this experiment in 1847. We have not
yet ascertained whether these docks will answer the
purpose or not. Wre have only found that they
will cost twice as much as the stone docks in the
end; and now we are called upon to go into just
such a wasteful expenditure for a floating dock m
California, the cost of which will far exceed the
appropriation for the dry dock at Pensacola.
The bill provides that it shall not cost more than
twelve per cent, beyond the amount paid for the
dock at Pensacola, in addition to the cost of trans-
portation from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast.
Now, I have not the slightest question but that
this project will subserve the benefit of individuals.
It certainly looks to me very much like a contri-
vance 1 will not charge it as such upon any per-
son here or elsewhere. But, sir, there is a provision
here that these contractors shall keep that dock in
repair, and take proper charge of it. It is not to
be in the charge of proper officers of the Govern-
ment, but in charge of the contractors; and when
the Government is not using it for the repair of
their own vessels, these contractors are to be a lowed
to use it for the repair of merchant vesse s. It
certainly looks as if it was for the especial benefit
of shipowners, rather than for that of the navy of
the United States. We know very well that if it
be constructed, nine tenths of all the demands for
its use will be, not for the benefit of the merchant
marine, but for the benefit of these contractors. I
do not know how they are to be limited in their
charges. It is true it is said that it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Navy to enter into an
agreement with the contractors to keep the said
works in repair, &c.; but I do not see any proper
limitation upon the charges which those individu-
als may make for the use of private ships in their
docks. It seems to me to furnish a most magnifi-
cent speculation in Congress. It is absolutely
appropriating money to erect these large structures
for the benefit of contractors.
Now,sir, 1 know it is desirable that there should
be a naval station on the coast of California, and
I agree that in a proper course of time a dock will
be required there; and I think, when the capabil-
ities of the country are fully understood and its
resources fully developed, we shall be able to se-
lect a site understanding^, and perhaps find that
there are materials on the spot for constructing a
stone dopk—the only kind that is worthy of the
consideration of Congress, in my estimation.
But it is urged that it is a matter which does not
admit of delay—that we ought to act upon this
thing now. Why, sir, what does the bill do ? It
gives only $100,000, which is only a drop in the
bucket. It will not put up the frame of this work;
it will not enable the contractors to prepare one
fourth part of it. You cannot with that sum pre-
pare this stone basin of which the Senator from
Florida speaks, for you will now have to trans-
port the materials around Cape Horn. And even
if you do prepare it, you will commit a great ex-
travagance; for the time will come whep you will
get stone there much cheaper than it will now cost
to get it at Boston and transport it round the Horn.
I hope, therefore, that Congress will refuse to ap-
propnate a stiver for this object at the present
time, but will wait till they have an opportunity to
test the question fully—until we have the benefit
of the reports of the engineers sent to survey the
coast, and ascertain the proper site for the location
of a dock—until, in short, we can act with our
eyes open, and know what we are about.
Mr. GWIN. One great objection to the build-
ing of this dock is the expense. Well, sir, when-
ever it is necessary to be built, the expense ought
to be incurred. It is said there is no immediate,
pressing necessity for it. But the longer it is put
off the greater will be the necessity, and the more
difficult it will be to make a contract with these
parties, who have the only means of performing
this work. But I want to know of the gentlemen
who oppose the building of this kind of dock
whether or not materials can be got for a stone
dock. I think I am as familiar with the country
as any of those gentlemen, and I know of no place
where stone can be had. This, therefore, is the
only plan we can devise; and if you do notgive us
this dock, you give us none: and there is not a
spot on the face of the eaith where one is so much
needed. But I feel so confident in the justice of
this measure that I will not consume any more
time upon it.
Mr. MASON. Being one of that committee
who very thoroughly considered this subject when
the Committee on Naval Affairs had it before them, I
ask to say a few words upon the subject. I shall
concur in the motion of the chairman of the com-
mittee to strike out this provision. Sir, I have no
doubt that one of these docks will be found, and
is now, indispensably necessary on the coast of
California for our ships; and I have no doubt it
will be found to be the duty of Congress at as early
a day as practicable to provide them with such
a dock as will be competent for the public service.
But, sir, it is but two months before Congress will
reassemble, and the proposition is now to contract
with certain persons by name to build a certain
kind of dock, for a sum not limited, but dependent
upon contingencies which we cannot now foresee.
The transportation of materials from the Atlantic
to the Pacific coast is to be done within two months
of the reassemblage of Congress. Now, sir, until
I have certain difficulties removed which, at pres-
ent, are insuperable, I cannot agree to any legisla-
tion whereby the Congress of the United States
makes a contract for the naval or military service,
or any other branch of the public service intrusted
to the Executive department, upon such contin-
gencies.
Mr. GWIN, (in his seat.) It has been done
heretofore.
Mr. MASON. I know it has been done here-
tofore, but that does not sanction the usage. For
myself, I know nothing in the world about these
.docks. 1 know one is necessary; but whether jt
should be a stone or a wooden dock, 1 am unable
to judge. But when the head of the department
has selected those who are informed upon the sub-
ject, who are to report to Congress upon the proper
sort of dock, I beg leave to vote with him, feeling
assured that the proper information will be givetjf
Now, sir, I can assure the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, that I am satisfied of the necessity of hav-
ing a dock upon the California coast, and when
the subject is matured I will vote with them most
cheerfully any sum that is necessary; but I ti)injc
it improvident and hasty legislation immediately
to get in the smallest end of the wedge by appro-
priating $100,000, in order to commit the Govern-
ment to this particular sort of dock. The effect
of it will be to commit the Government to a cer-
tain contract, when there are but two months to
expire before it must be done. 1 must certainly
vote for striking out the provision.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state that the material point of the objection
of the Senator from California to providing a per-
manent stone dock is, that there is no stone upon
that side of the coast suitable for the purpose.
Mr. MASON. We do not-know that fact.
Mr. YULEE. We do riot know that there is
any, and therefore you expect that the materials
will have to be transported from this side. That,
then, is precisely the reason why this provision
should be stricken out, because it provides to con-
tract for the construction of a basin, which requires
precisely the same description of stone, and nearly
the same amount, that the other kind of dock re-
quires. The whole will, therefore, have to be
transported from this country; and the Senate will
be able to judge whit will be the cost of this struc-
ture, when they recollect that it is limited to twelve >
per cent, over the cost of the dock at Pensacola,
which far exceeds the cost of any other dock, to-
gether with the cost of transportation of all the
materials from the Atlantic side to San Francisco.
The cost of transport.ition of the stone and the
wood, together with the immense labor required in
landing there, will amount to an exceedingly large
[sum. 1 am informed from the official papers of
the Postmaster General, that the cost of unloading
a vessel at San Francisco is $700. This bill con-
templates a stone structure. The wooden or float-
ing part of it is very small comparatively, and if
you confine it to that, I think there could not be
much objection, because the Government CQuld de-
vote it to commercial purposes. But the structure
requires a stone basin of immense size. The cost
of the Pensacola floating structure would not have
been more than $100,000, but the building of a
stone basin has run it, up to a million. You may
judge of the cost of such a structure in California
under this contract, which requires it to be a float-
ing dock.
But then, again, see how unjustly we are dealt
with? The cost of the structure at Kittery was
$ ; atPhiladelphia,$754,000; and atPensaco-
la, $1,147,000. The reason of the great difference
in the cost is owing to the difference in the founda-
tion. Now, then, they take for a rule by which
this contract is to be given the very highest cost of
such a structure, the one at Pensacola, the cost of
wnich has been owing to local causes which may
not exist elsewhere. We do not know that the
facilities for the construction of a foundation in
California may not be as good as at Philadelphia
or at Kittery. Why, then, is the cost of the Pen-
sacola dock taken as an estimate? Undoubtedly
for a larger and more extensive speculation.
Mr. RUSK. 1 would not interfere in this busi-
ness if it did not seem to me that the parties were
unequally matched. The Senator from California
has had to contend with four members of the Na-
val Committee. I do not know a great deal abpyt
this subject, but there is one fact that I do know,
1 and that seems to be admitted on all hands, that a
! dock is absolutely necessary there for naval vessels
| and for vessels of other kinds. There is a large
[ number of whale ships, merchantships, and some
ships of war now on that coast. There is, then,
! an absolute necessity for this work. I have not
I myself investigated" this subject; but in a conver-
! sation with a highly respectable member of the
i House of Representatives—a man of great intelli-
gence, who has given the subject a^ thorough in-
vestigation—I was informed that this is the very
best plan- that can be adopted. Now, as there i«
an urgent necessity for some plan, backed by the
