2056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
intelligence of a man in whom I mast place im-
plicit confidence, I shall vote with the Senators
from Cahfornia for this present plan.
Mr. WALKER. 1 confess, sir, my mind has
undergone some change since this discussion has
.been going on; and the last fact mentioned by the
Senator from Florida strikes me as very peculiar,
and shows that while the Senator from California
contends for, and while we are willing to give him
the benefits of a dry dock, he ought certainly to
join with us in trying to get at a plan such as will
not really5 do injustice to the country. The Senator
from Florida has just mentioned that the great ex-
pense of the dry dock at Pensacola results from
the difficulties in the foundation upon which the
permanent structure is laid. Well, sir, the differ-
ence is very great. The other dry docks co3tnot
more than six or seven hundred thousand dollars;
that at Pensacola cost about a million and a half.
That is taken as a basis upon which the cost of
this dock in California is calculated. Now, is it
certain—has anybody tested the foundation there
to see whether it is not as good as that in Philadel-
phia or Kittery ? We are entirely in the dark
about it.
Mr. YULEE, (in his seat.) Then there is the
great cost of transportation.
A Senator. Question!
Mr. WALKER. I hope my very impatient
friend will not faint till 1 have said what 1 intend
to say. '[Laughter.]
But, again, it must be borne in mind that this
dock in Pensacola is in the hrfhds of some gentle-
men to whom it is proposed to give the contract
in San Francisco, and whose interest it is to make
the cost of the work at Pensacola just as high as
possible, it being the criterion by which the Pa-
cific dry dock is to be computed Here, then, we
are, at the close of the session, about to impose
an expense upon the United States Government,
estimating it according to a criterion that is wholly
fallacious, and the whole matter'being in the hands
of those whose interest it is to make the expense as
great as possible. I wish to deal justly with the
whole counti y as well as with the State of Cali-
fornia. I believe the commerce of that country
requires something of the kind, and i call upon
the Senators from California to join us in getting
something like what is just to our own as well as
to their Government.
Mr. HAMLIN. I must say a very few words.
I concur very heartily with one of the suggstions
of the Senator from Texas. I think this contest
has been a very unfair one. Nearly all the Naval
Committee have not only given their own views
and suggestions, but I believe each of them has
gone into somewhat of a lengthy argument in re-
lation to the construction of a dry dock on the Pa-
cific coast. I do not mean to detain the Senate by
an argument, but 1 do mean to state.that I consider
this a contest between stone and wood—between
the opinions of some obsolete commodores who
once built stone docks, and another class of indi-
viduals who would avail themselves of the benefits
and advantages of that system of structure which
-has been adopted by the commercial marine almost
the world over.
Mr. YULEE, (in his seat.) The commercial
marine has no basin.
Mr. HAMLIN. The commercial marine, my
friend says, has no basin. Well, sir, if gentlemen
object to a basin in this dock, let them say so, and
meet it upon that ground; but let them not object to
the erection of a dock because there may be a basin
connected with it. Now I say, from evidence
submitted to the public, and which has been seen
by the Naval Committee, that this is'a matter
which has been tested throughout the continent
of Europe. It is not a question which remains to
be tested in the sixty days between now and next
December. Why, sir, the same argument for de-
lay would come up then as now. Where are you
to get any test any better*than that which we have
already ? 1 know of none. Now, sir> I join in
going for a dock on that coast, and I want to aid
in its commencement now, whatever may be the
cost of construction, and whether it is to be with
the basin or without it;and i hazard the opinion,
which 1 trust 1 will not hereafter shrink to meet
by any sum named, that if you put a stone dock
there it will quadruple the cost of the kind pro-
posed.
The Senator from Florida talks about the cost
of the Pensacola dock, and makes that a basis of
the expense of this one on the Pacific. Why
does he not take the dock at New York, and refer
to that stone dock, which has already cost some
two or three millions of dollars, and is not done
yet? It may be said that circumstances were un-
fortunate there, and theco3t ran up to a little more
than it ought. Very well; the same argument
would apply to the dock at Florida, where they
had not, to be sure, that firm foundation which
Providence has made at New York and Philadel-
phia.
With this view of the matter^ I am going to
vote to retain the proposition contained in the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question bemg taken upon the amendment,
it was rejected—yeas 21, nays 27; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Barnwell, Berrien, Bright, Davis
of Massachusetts, Davis of" Missiesipjn, Daw.-oii, Dayton,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dudge ol Iowa, Downs, Felclj, Ma-on,
Milier, Morton, I'earce, Pratt, Spruauce, Walker, Wlm-
cornU, and Yulee—21.
NAYS—Messrs Atchison, Baldwin, Dell, Benton, Cass,
Chase, Clarke, Cooper, Dickinson, Ewing, Foote, Fremont,
I Greene, Gvviu, Hale, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones, Mangum,
Norru-v, Rur-k, Sewaid, Smith, tioul6, Sturgeon, Wales, and
Wintlirop—*27.
Mr. YULEE. I appeal to' the Senate to con-
sider with favor the amendment which I offer now.
The great argument used m reference to building
this dock was the immediate necessity for it, and
our great objection was the great cost in carrying
out the stone structure for the basis which is pro-
posed by this contract. And now 1 submit to the
Senate whether it will not be really due to the
public interest to make at least this alteration m
the provision? As it stands now, it provides for
a floating dock, basin, and railway. I move.to let
the floating dock stand, but to strike out the words
" basiri and railway,5' it being admitted by the
honorable Senator from California that there is no
certainty of there being any stone upon that side
of the continent that will answer the purposes of
this structure. I move to strike out the words,
" basin and railway," and that will leave the pro-
vision for the floating dock.
The question being taken upon this amendment
by a division, it was rejected—ayes 17, noes 20.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 move to strike out all after
the word " contract," m the 24£Kh line, to the last
word m the 257th line, inclusive. If we are to
have this floating dry dock, without knowing what
'we are to do, let us, at least, separate the public
service from the private. I do not want to see
public structures devoted to private U3es. We
never have heretofore built dry docks for the ben-
efitof private individuals. It is a new system,and
a most pernicious one, I think. Now, suppose
that a merchant vessel should happen to be m the
dock at the time that a national vessel should ar-
tive in need of repairs: you cannot turn the vessel
out of the dock; her repairs must be completed.
She may be in such a condition that she would
sink instantly if she was to be taken out of the
dock. The national vessel will have to wait—the
time no one can calculate—until the merchant ves-
sel is repaired, and the dock ready for the recep-
tion of the national vessel. This is a new thing,
a pernicious one, which I hope the Senate will not
sanction.
Mr. GWIN. There is an express ptovision
that the national vessel shall always have the pref-
erence.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
by a division it resulted as follows: ayes IB, noes
13—no quorum voting. .
Mr. PEARCE demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. As the yeas and nays have been'
ordered, and as this,is a very important amend-
ment, i wish to give one or two reasons why I shall
vote to retain it as it is. If I understand the pro-
visions of the bill now, the vessels of the United
Slates always have the preference. That, as 1 un-
derstand it, is m the law. I therefore see no ne- !
cessity for excluding from the use of this dock the I
merchant vessels that are there. j
Mr. PEARCE. The Secretary of the Navy j
cannot, by any contract that he may make, secure
such a provision as that the United States will al- !
ways have the preference- if merchant vessels j
must be taken into this dock for repairs, they must 1
be repaired before they can be taken out of it. I
repeat, that if there be a merchant vessel in the
dock undergoing repairs at the time when a na-
tional vessel may come into port for repairs in that
Sept. 28,
same dock, she cannot be taken into the dock until
the merchant vessel has her repairs completed, and
she is taken out.
There ia so much shipping in those seas, that if
it is permitted at ali for merchant vessels to go into
this dock, there will be some of them in there the
greater part of the time. This is but a scheme of
furnishing means for the repairs for the merchant
vessels of the United States, which the Govern-
ment ought never to do. This provision ought to
be stricken out; for if you adopt it, you will but
be makingjmmense fortunes for those contractors,
and the Government will, ninety-nine times out of
one hundred, have to stand second chance, instead
of having the preference, as this bill claims, for
the United States Government. *
Mr. HALE. I confess that it is with some as-
tonishment 1 hear from the Senator from Maryland
that his objection to this appropriation is, that it
will be of some benefit to the mercantile service. 1
confess that view strikes me with astonishment.
Mr. PEARCE. I will thank the Senator to
use my words.
Mr. HALE. I cannot use the very words, but
I have his idea. His objection is, that this meas-
ure will benefit the mercantile service, by giving
them the means of repairing their ships upon this
dock. That is his objection to it, sir; that is a
thing that commends itself to my favor—that while
we are making an outlay for the benefit of the
united States, we can do something for the private
and mercantile marine. Sir, 1 hope that never
will be considered an objection to any enterprise.
Gentlemen do not entirely understand the nature
of this structure. They seem to think that it is
such that but a single vessel can be in it at once.
Now, I understand the natute of the structure to
be such, that it can take in several ships at the
same time.
Several Senators. Oh, no! no!
Mr. HALE. So I was informed, that this dock
could take in more than one vessel, and that was
the advantage over a stone dock. It is evident
that the chairman of the committee on Naval Affairs
does not understand this matter himself.
Mr. YULEE. Will the honorable Senator give
way for a moment?
. Mr. HALE. I would rather finish my remarks
now. They can take several ships at the same
time into this basin. That is the great advantage
of it, and that is one of the advantages that thi3
structure has over a stone dock. Then, again,
here is a provision that the Government shall atall
times haVe preference. Well, sir, the contract of
the Secretary of the Navy is to be based upon the
assumption that the United States is to be free
from the expense of keeping this dock in repair.
Now, sir, it seems to me that if there is one single
provision m this bill that ought to recommend itself
to the prudent, patriotic, and understanding mind,
it is this; because it does not look solely and en-
tirely to the interests of the navy, but extends an
eye to the interests of the citizens and the mercan-
tile marine, while it carefully guards the Govern-
ment from danger and expense, and still is calcu-
lated to confer some benefit upon citizens. 1 trust
that if there is a single idea in this bill that shall be
retained, it will be this, though all the rest be
stricken out.
Mr. PEARCE. T spoke not as the Senator has
thought proper to attribute to me. He says I ob-
jected to it because it conferred a benefit on the
mercantile marine. I said no such thing. 1 said
that it would subserve the interests of private per-
sons; and by those private persons I mean eon-
tractors. I think if we do this, we shall play into
the hands of the contractors, and make fortunes for
them. I should like to know whether it is right
and proper for the Government to do it ? I should
think not. If we could give incidental benefits to
the merchant marine without violating great prin-
ciples, 1 should have no objection to our doing so.
Mr. HAMLIN, i think 1 understand the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland to object to the
provision which he proposes to strike out, because
it may be injurious to the Government to allow it
to be used by the commercial marine at certain
times—that it may so be in use at times as to pre-
clude the Government from using it when they
may have occasion to do so. 1 so understand his
argument. Now I propoge to say a single word
in reply to that. 1 think the Senator is mistaken—
wholly, radically, and thoroughly mistaken—in
the suggestion which He made. It ia true that a
