1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863
that all vessels coming into the harbor, when
they approached the dock or wharf, were required
to pay these tonnage duties. That, he believed,
was the case in every other harbor. The city
of Baltimore wants these tonnage duties to en-
able it to keep up this harbor by the use of a
dredging machine, to cleanse and deepen the chan-
nel so that vessels may be able to come in. That,
he repeated, was the case with all harbors, which
require the channels to be dredged and deepened.
Take any other harbor, and you will find it the
same, Here is an entrance to the harbor of Balti-
more not deep enough to permit vessels of more
than the shallowest draught to enter, and to enable
the city of Baltimore to make it deep enough to
admit vessels to come to the wharf, this mil au-
thorizes the exaction of duties on the tonnage of
all vessels which may enter there. Disguise it as
you will—talk as much as you please about the
difference between the upper and ihe lower harbor,
it comes down to this at last—that the object of
the bill is to sanction the imposition of tonnage
duties on all vessels entering the port of Balti-
more, for the benefit of the State of Maryland.
The bill, he admitted, did not distinctly show this;
for it purports only to be an act to continue an act
of the State of Maryland, &c. He held in his
hand this very act of Maryland, which had been
lent him by a friend, and which he would now read
for the information of the House.
Sec. I, is only a pteamble. Sec. 2 is as fol-
lows:
Cl Be it enacted by the General Assembly of Maryland} That
the watdens of the said port of Baltimore shall have full
power and authority to asses*, levy, and collect, on every
vessel arriving .it the said port of Baltimore, of sixty ions or
mo e, a sum of money not ^xcendtni? two cents per ton, to
be approptiated and applied by the said board of wardens to
carry into effect the rules arid regulations which they may
from tune to time make respecting the haibor and port of
Baltimore."
That was the whole of it. The State of Mary-
tand had passed an act by which she puts a tax of
two cents per ton on every vessel measuring more
than sixty tons, entering the port of Baltimore.
This act has been in existence about sixty years,
and the bill before us is to give the assent of
Congress to the continuance of this act for ten
years longer. Such a bill as this js worse than a
bill for carrying on internal improvements in this
respect. When you pass a general bill for the im-
provement of harbors, you appropriate the money
to the harbors. But here the State of Maryland
passes an act to which you give your assent, laying
a tonnage duty on vessels entering the port of .Bal-
timore, (whether upper or lower is of no impor-
tance,) and you put the sums raised by this tax
in the hands of State officers, to be experded as
they may think proper; and who can tell what
portion of this may find its way to the object for
which it was appropriated?
Mr. McLANE (Mr. Schenck yielding) said
that the amount collected from these duties was
placed in the hands of the portwardens for the
purpose of improving the harbor.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed. Then, instead of
being in the hands of the officers of the State, it ap-
peared that these funds weie placed in the keeping
of city officers, to be applied to city objects. Instead
of being applied to the improvement of the har-
bor, a large portion of it might be expended on
other objects. It was not under the direction of
Federal officers; the Federal Government had noth-
ing to do with the expenditure of this money; it
was disposed of at the discretion of the ciry au-
thorities. So that the effect of the bill would not
only be an abandonment of our present system of
internal improvement; but, in addition to this, the
tying up of our hands in order to allow the city
officers of Baltimore to apply the amount of these
collections as they in their discretion may think
proper.
On looking again into this act of Maryland, he
found that this tonnage duty was imposed on all ves-
sels of a register exceeding sixty tons. Here, then,
was an exception. Why were not those under
sixty tons taxed, as well as those which were over
sixty tons? On this point the gentleman from
Maryland, and the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr.
Houston,] had come in conflict. The gentleman
from Maryland seemed to think that the State of
Delaware was not large enough to turn out a craft
of a large register.
Mr. HOUSTON (Mr. S. yielding) said that
there had been no contest between them. He
had understood that the act of Maryland fixed the
limitation of the tonnage duties on vessels of not
less than sixty tons nor exceeding one hundred
and seventy-five tons. All the vessels which are
sent out from the port he, represented, were above
sixty tons burden. He wished to know what par-
ticular class of vessels was exempted.
Mr. SCHENCK asked if the minimum was
seventy-five tons ?
Mr. McLANE*replied, that it was sixty origin-
ally, but by the subsequent law had been in-
creased to one hundred and seventy tons.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed. He considered this ;
as making the thing still worse in its operation. ;
It allowed all the 3mall vessels of the neighboring
ports to pass free, and made the tax to fall on
the larger vessels, because the greater the distance
the vesels have to come, the larger they usually are.
All vessels, then, over one hundred and seventy-
five tons, must pay this tonnage tax. As the bur-
den is to be proved by the register, that may make
them to suit the provision of the law.
Mr. SACKETT asked whether vessels belong-
ing to the port of Baltimore were not registered
there, and thus in a degree governed by the law ?
Vessels might be registered lower than their actual
burden for the purpose of evading the duty im-
posed by the act.
Mr. McLANE (Mr. Schenck yieldng) ex-
plained that the registry of the tonnage in Balti-
more was regulated by the laws of the United
States, and was uniform. There was no possi-
bility of any material fraud, as it was also gov-
erned by law.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed. These duties were
to be exacted from the larger class of vessels, ex-
empting from the operation of the law a large por-
tion of those vessels which were built at home or
near home, so that a great portion of the tax fell
on the vessels of the most distant States.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from Ohio will
let me set him right. He is under a misapprehen-
sion if he thinks that Maryland sbip-buiiders have
any eye to the provisions of this bill. They have
a much wider scope; for the Baltimore clippers are
sought far and near, and a Maryland-built vessel
is not a mere neighborhood affair for the shoals
and shallows to which he has referred. They are a
merchantable commodity, and have a value beyond
mere neighborhood purposes. The merest bay
craft is fitted for sea purposes, and deserves some-
thing better than this exhibition of the gentleman's
spleen.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed. The g-entleman
from Maryland had not exactly understood him.
He admitted that the Baltimore vessels were fast
sailing vessels. He would go still further. He
was ready to admit that Baltimore was one of the
finest cities in the Union, that her citizens were
the finest people, and that she built the finest ships
in the world. He could not, however, help re-
garding the system contained m this bill as wrong.
We must have a system of internal improvement
carried on by means directly supplied by appro-
priations from the Federal Treasury, or we must
abandon that system, and adopt in lieu of it the
system of tonnage duties; and if we take the lat-
ter, they must be established so as to operate
uniformly and equally throughout all our ports,
and not, as this bill proposes, to give to one State
a privilege which is not enjoyed by the rest.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. BAYLY. I have tried to stop this debate
by demanding the previous question. The House
having refused to second me in that effort, I now
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the deficiency bill.
Several voices: Move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland. I hope that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] will give
me his attention for one moment. If the gentle-
man will turn his eyes upon the clock, he will
perceive that it is now too late an hour in the day
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, with any hope of getting through
that bill.
Mr. BAYLY. I may be permitted to say, in
reply to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. McLane,] that we have got time
enough to-day to pass the deficiency bill. Every
department of the Government is suffering by rea-
son of the delay in the passage of the bill. I have
made the motion; the House can do as it pleas-es;
f have done my duty, and I insist on the motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Bayly, and by ayes 67, noes 51, was decided
in the affirmative.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Burt,
of South Carolina, in the chair.)
Mr. BOWDON said, it must be evident to
every gentleman, that the day was already too
far spent to admit of final action upon the bill in-
dicated by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly.] He (Mr. B.) understood that a number
of amendments—some of them very important—
had been made to that bill by the Senate. Under
these circumstances, it was not only proper, but
necessary, that an opportunity should be allowed
to look at the amendments, and see what their
character was, before being asked to vote upon
them. It was clear to his mind, therefore, that
final action could not be taken to-night. There
.was, however/one subject to which the com-
mittee might devote theresidueof theday'ssession.
It was known that some of the talk on that sub-
ject must be disposed of before a vote could be
taken. He moved, therefore, that the committee
rise—-indicating his intention, if the motion should
be successful, to move in the House again to go
into committee, for the purpose of resuming the
consideration of the California message.
Suggestions were made to Mr. Bowdon, that it
was not requisite to the accomplishment of his
purpose that he should move that the committee
rise. The better way would be, to move that the
committee proceed to the consideration of the Cal-
ifornia message.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the committee
take tip the message of the President relating to
California.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the regular
business before the committee.
Mr. VINTON suggested that the deficiency
bill was a special order.
Mr. WENTWORTH supposed, he said, that
the California message would come up as the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. BAYLY rose, he said, to a point of order.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Bowdon] had
no right to the floor, to.submit the motion he had
made.
Mr. BOWDON. I certainly had the right.
Mr. BAYLY, (continuing.) The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Clarke] was entitled to
the floor on the California message. By arrange-
ment with him, however, he was willing: that the
deficiency bill should be taken up. The gentle-
man from Alabama, therefore, could not get the
floor to make the motion he had made.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to inquire, whether
any appropriation was contained in the California
bill? if not, he would inquire whether the defi-
ciency bill (which was an appropriation bill)
: would not take precedence, unless the committee
should by a vote refuse to take it up ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the deficiency bill, being one of the appro-
priation bills, is entitled to precedence.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I presume that, under the
decision of the Chair, it is not necessary for me to
make a motion to take up the bill, but that it will
come up as a matter of course.
One word in reply to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Bowdon.] If the committee will at-
■ tend to the bill, I think it will be found that one
| hour will be sufficient time in which to dispose of
it. At any rate, it is exceedingly important that
we should make some progress in it. if we can-
not get through with it to-day, we can at least
spend one hour upon it.
Mr. ASHE, is it printed ?
Mr. BAYLY. It is.
Mr. ASHE. I do not see it on our tables.
Mr. BURT. Does the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] move that the committee proceed to
the consideration of the deficiency bill?
Mr. BAYLY. I make that motion.
The question was taken,'and the affirmative vote
was declaied to be 88.
Mr. VINTON callcd for tellers.
They were ordered, and Messrs. Strong, of
