m4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Pennsylvania* Corwin  of Ohio, were ap-
^The^question was then again taken, and the
vote stood—ayes 94, noes 14.
No quorum voting.
The CHAIR. The Clerk will call the roll.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Cannot a recount be
t&kcn^
The CHAIR said the rule was imperative, that
the roll should be called.
Mr. SCHENCK rose, he said, to a question of
Order. He bad a moment ago suggested that, by
the rule of the House, this, being a general ap-
propriation bill, had precedence of other business,
unless the House by a vote should refusg to take
it up. He. supposed, therefore, that it would
come up by the rule, and that no motion was
required to take it up. But a motion would be
required to lay it aside, and proceed to the consid-
eration of some other business.
. Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, interposed to a
question of order. When )t had been ascertained
that there was no quorum, it could scaicely be in
order, he said, to debate this question.
The CHAIRMAN said, the Chair desired to
hear the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio'
[Mr. Schenck] on the point of order to which he
had risen.
Mr. JOHNSON said, certainly ; he had not un-
derstood the gentleman from Ohio as rising to a
point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. My point of order is, that
no vote being required to take up the deficiency
bill, and that bill being, therefore, before the com-
mittee, there is no necessity for taking a count—
that all these proceedings, passing between the
tellers, &c., are a mere nullity; and consequently,
that nothing has been done by which it couid be
properly ascertained whether a quorum was, or
was not, present.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman raise
the question of order?
Mr. SCHENCK. I.do. It is, that nothing
has been done, that no vote known to the rules of
the House has been taken, by which it could have
been ascertained whether a quorum is present or
not; that we are now in committee, that the de-
ficiency bill is before us, and that we cannot get
rid of that bill without a vote to that effect.
Mr. JONES. The rule requires that the busi-
ness shall be taken up in the order in which it is
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union; but that the Committee shall
have the pov\er to take up general appropriation
bills in preference to any other. No business,
therefore, has preference over the California Mes-
sage, unless so ordered by a vote of a majority.
Mr. SCHENCK. The S'Jth ruie declares that
"general appropriation bills shall be in order in
preference to any other bills of a public nature,
unless otherwise ordered by a majority of the
House." We are now in Committee upon bills
of a public nature, and the 80th rule says that I
" general appropriation bills shall be m order "
(such is its language) in preference to other bills
of a public nature, unless otherwise ordered. The
House not having "otherwise ordered," 1 say
that we are now in committee on public bills, and
that, by the rule, the deficiency bill (being an ap-
propriation bill) is before us. It is, therefore,
unnecessary to call the roll.
Mr. RICHARDSON, I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not now in order to
move that the committee rise.
In relation to the point of order raised by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,} the Chair
will call attention to the following facts. The
Chair is informed that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Clarke] was entitled to the floor on the
California messsage; and if the gentleman had in-
sisted on his right, the Chair would have held that
he was entitled to it, and the California message
was necessarily before the committee. The rule
which the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck]
has read, simply makes it in order for a member
of the committee to move to take up the general
appropriation bills. Whether they shall be taken
up or not, is a question for the committee to de-
termine. The Chair, therefore, does not hesitate
to decide, that a motion was necessary in order to
ascertain whether the floor would be claimed by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Clarke,] and
 T also to ascertain whether the committee
would or would not take up the appropriation !
bill. The Chairman, therefore, overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.]
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll; which
having been gone through with—
The committee rose and reported that, having
found themselves without a quorum, the roll had
been called, and the names of the absentees were
reported to the House, to be entered upon the
Journal.
The report showing the fact of a quorum pre-
sent—
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that the commit-
tee rise.
Mr. WINTHROP rose and said, he ventured to
suggest that a motion was now pending to take up
the deficiency bill, and that the committee having
divided on that motion, another motion could
hardly be made until that motion was disposed of.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is aware that
the motion to take up the deficiency bill is pend-
ing, and pending that motion a motion is made
that the committee rise. The Chair deems the mo-
tion to be "in order, being of the same nature as a
motion to adjourn. Whenever a member gets the
floor and moves to rise, the Chair is of opinion
that the motion is in order.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So the committee rose.
And, on motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memoiials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the appro-
priate committees:
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition of W, H. Pneock and
247 other-, citizens of St. f.ouis, Missouri, pravnig Congress
to establish two trial terms ot the Circuit Court of the
United States, to lie liolden for the State of Missouri, and
an increase of the compensation of the district judge, cor-
responding to the additional duties required by -m )i change.
By Mr. BUCOUK: The petition of Daniel Guertaht,
pra.ung for a pension, in consideration of nijunes received
wh.le in the service ol the United Slates, during the late
w;u with Gteat Britain.
iiy Mr. THO.MPSO.V, of Kentucky: Resolutions of the
Legislature of Kentucky, concerning pensions and bounty
land to the soldiers and volunteeis of the revolutionary
and late \\ ar^.
Also, resolutions of the same State, concerning obstruc-
tions in the Ohio river.
By Mr. POTTElt* The proceedings of a public meeting,
held at the poit of Toledo. Ohio, sinned by Jau.es M\er<,
chairman, accompanied hy resolutions m tavor ot the tree
nnvi2fUion ot rile ,St Laurence.
By Mr. CHANDLER: Tne pennon of David Steward, a
soldier m the army of the United States m lti-2, asking lor
a pension
By Mr. BtXGEIAM: A petition for the establishment of a
post-route from Grand Rapids, m Michigan, to Ljons,m the
same State.
Bv Air. PECK: The petition of Horace Ileaton ar d others,
citrzfiis ot VV.isnin<iion county. Vermont, prayins for the
abolition <■: siavery and the slave trade m the District of
Collin.bia.
Also, the petition of Lbe same individuals, p'ajiog for the
parage of a law by Congress giving juty'tnaf to fugitive
slaves.
Also, the petition of the same individuals, praying for the
exclusion of slavery from our territories.
Also, the remonstrance of the same individuals, against
the admission of more slave States.
IN SENATE.
Thcp.sday, May 9, 1850.
Mr. CHASE presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Toledo, in the State of
Ohio, "in favor of the adoption of measures for
acquiring the right to the free navigation of the :
St. Lawrence.
Mr. C. said the gentlemen who composed the I
meeting are some of the most respectable inhabit- '
ants of the flourishing city in which they reside. 1
They represent that there is now a capital of eight
millions of dollars invested in the commerce of the
lakes; that large forests of ship timber line both
shores of the lakes, and that the agricultural pro-
ducts upon their borders are increasing every year
in extent and value. They express great solici-
tude on the subject concerning which they address '■
Congress. I move the reference of the memorial .
to the Committee on Commerce. '
It was referred accordingly. :
Mr. DICKINSON presented petitions from citi-
zens of Washington, in the District of Columbia,
and other portions of the United States, asking the
reduction of the rates of postage to two cents;
which were ordered to lie on the table. .
Also, the memorial of John Connell, in behalf
of certain importing merchants of the cities of
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore,
asking the return of certain import duties paid by
them; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of George
B. Reese, sole surviving partner of Jacob Reese
and Son, merchants m Philadelphia, asking the
return of certain import duties paid by them;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, 1 have been re-
quested to present the memorial of John L. Hayes,
Horatio Ames, and other manufacturers of iron in
the New England States, asking for a modification
of the tariff of 1846, and that such duties may be
laid on foreign iron as will protect and encourage
the domestic manufacture. 1 will state, for the in-
formation of the Senate, that it embodies a vast
variety of facts, collected by practical men, bear-
ing upon the subject, and showing the condition
of this very important interest. I have no doubs
that it contains information which would be val-
uable to every member of the Senate, especially
if this subject should receive its attention during
the present session. I therefore move that the
memorial be punted.
The memorial was then laid on the table, and
the motion to print was leferred to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. CLEMENS presented a memorial from
Thomas Mangham, Cullen Battle, and others,
asking indemnity for losses sustained in conse-
quence of depredations commitfed on their prop-
erty by hostile Creek Indians, in 1836 and 1837;
which was referred to the Committee of Claims.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. SMITH submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
1 i ' °
Resolved, Tliat the Committee on Finance be daect<id to
1 inquire into the expediency of s-o amending the Hh >eotion
of the act entitled An act ?uppIemeiitArv ton.eact uiti-
'! lied 'An act establishing a mint and regulating the eons* of
! the United States, approved 16th Jauuaiy, 16^7,'55 to
ij allow the alloy to be u>ed m nianniaeturwg the gold coins
11 of the Unit (I States to be of Mlver only,, or of so much cop-
! per in addition to the silver winch exists in compilation
!; with gold as thp same is found in California, as shall bring
.! said gold coins to the standard at present established by
;; law; and, also, into the expediency of establishing a mint
: i in California, oi, in heu thereof, one or more dep6t  for as-
' ] the gold bullion theie found, and of making an appio-
ij prmtion to enable the United States to purchase said
1, bullion, and to coin or a^ay the same, to render it valuable
' to the utinen- tvuh as Jiifie as pos.-ible.
THE HEIRS OF GENERAL KOSCIUSKO.
Mr. WALKER. On the 1st instant I submit-
, ted a resolution of inquiry, addressed to the Sec-
retary of State, relative to the action of the Gov-
ernment in reference to the case of the heirs of
Kosciusko. I now ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate that it may be taken up and disposed of.
■; There being no objection, the resolution was
I: taken up and read, as follows:
; Revolted, That the Srcietary of State be required to in
. form the Senate what measure® he has taken upon the me-
morial of .Ladu-laus Wankowitz, gieat grand nepluw of
Gf*nerai Tnaddeus Ko-ciu>fco. and Gnspaid Tochman, at-
torn*}' for tne heirs of Gen<jia! Ko^eiUs-ko, ,i<iain<t Alexander
•ie Boths-co, Minister trom Russia, accredited to this Gov-
ernment.
Mr. DAWSON. I should be glad if the Sena-
or from Wisconsin would explain the object of
his resolution, so that we may be able to vote
upon it understanding^.
Mr. WALKER. Mr, President, at or near
the commencement of the session, Mr. Ladislaus
Wankowitz and Mr. Gaspard Tochman presented
a memorial to the Senate, complaining of a cer-
tain interference of the Russian minister in the
conduct and management of a suit involving the
estate of General Kosciusko. That mernonal
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. The committee reported the memorial
hack to the Senate, with a verbal expression of
opinion, that it was a matfer that related more
properly to the State Department. The memorial
was consequently,on that recommendation of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, sent to the Sec-
retary of State, and this is a resolution simply
inquiring of him what steps have been taken.
Mr. BERRIEN. I doubt very much, with my
collcueue, [Mr. Dawson?,] the propriety of the
adoption of this resoluuon. The intercourse of
this Government with foreign Governments is con-
ducted by the Executive Departments. The opm-
