1850.
ion of the Committee on Foreign Relations has but
affirmed that principle, and I very much doubt the
propriety of adopting this resolution. What good
is to arise fiom this inquiry? What could we do
when the answer was given ? It is an inquiry into
the propriety of the conduct of a Minister of a for-
eign nation, and what the State Department has
done in connection with it. Sir, we have abundant
subjects within the constitutional province of the
legislative department to occupy our whole time
and attention, and I doubt the propriety of inter-
fering with the Executive Department in a matter
of tms kind.
^-r* WALKER. Mr. President, this is a mat-
ter that does not relate merely to the Executive
Department of this Government. The subject-
matter about which the inquiry is made by this
resolution, involves the persona! and civil rights of
a. citizen of the United States. Itin volves the ques-
tion whether the Emperor of Russia, through the
interference of his Minister, is to visit upon a citi-
zen of the United States the penal laws of Russia
for political offences. If it be impossible to get our
Government to notice such interference, then let it
be known, and let this resolution be voted down.
It was thought by the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, that this memorial would be more properly
sent to the Secretary of State. It has gone there;
it went there Jong ago. These gentlemen, who
are now citizens of the United States, who are now
under the protection of our laws and of our flag,
have addressed to the Secretary of State a letter,
which I hold in my hand, and which may be read
if deemed necessary. The Secretary of State has
treated it with contempt, and not answered it, and
it is now for the Senate to say whether they will
allow the rights of American citizens to be tram-
pled on by the Russian Minister or not. If they
say so, I am content, and will not say a word more
on the subject.
Mr. CASS. Will the gentleman from Wis-
consin state where this took place, and the partic-
ulars of it ?
Mr. WALKER. It took place here. I will
briefly recapitulate the circumstances. General
Kosciusko left an estate in the hands of Mr. Jef-
ferson, in trust, to be appropriated to a particular
purpose. After the death of Kosciusko, Mr.
Jefferson declined to administer the fund, or rather
the will which appropriated it, and it was taken
by one of the administrators. It was found that
the will, from its indefiniteness, was void. Gen-
eral Kosciusko had made a subsequent will, giving
a different disposition of a portion of the fund.
A subsequent will in 1816 revoked the former
wills, leaving the estate intestate. The existence
of this will was not known, however, to the heirs
for a length of time. They commenced litigation
with regard to the matter, and Mr. Toehman, who
was once a Polish officer, and became a Polish
exile, whose property had been confiscated, and
who had come to the United States, and was a
practising member of the New York bar, was em-
ployed by the heirs to conduct the suit-, he asso-
ciated other counsel with him. Mr. de Bodisco,
for the purpose of visiting punishment on Major
Toehman in this country, directed that the heirs
should exclude him from the management of the
case, and caused a power of attorney to be drawn
up and forwarded to Russia, that that Govern-
ment might force the heirs to execute that power
of attorney. The heirs were induced to execute
it, and a gentleman, Captain Wankowitz, grand
nephew of General Kosciusko, was sent over here
to attend to the matter personally. He came to
the United States, and he was at first, as this
memorial informs us, induced to consent that
Bodisco should direct the management of the suit, j
but he finally said that he could not, consistently
with his own honor, do this, and he informed the !
Russian Minister that Mr. Reverdy Johnson, late
a member of this body, and now Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States, together with Major
Toehman, should have the management of the
case so far as he could control it. Well, this act
of contumacy on the part of that gentleman was
communicated to the Russian Government, and
for this act of resistance to the tyranny of Bodisco,
the property of that gentleman, to the amount
of about $60,000, was confiscated, and he was
driven to accept a clerkship worth $800 a year
in one of the departments here. These facts
are set forth and complained of by the memo-
rialists. The Committee on Foreign Relations,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
as I think, very properly, thought that the matter
belonged to the State Department of the Govern-
ment. It has gone to the State Department. The
executive branch of the Government has had the
memorial long in its hands. These gentlemen have
addressed a letter to the Secretary of State, dated
March 26th. They have yet got no answer, and
they have asked me, as an humble friend of theirs,
to present this resolution, and to ask the Senate
now, as it has referred this memorial to the Secre-
tary of State, to inquire of him what he has done
in the premises. Sir, if these unfortunate men
are not trampled in the dust, and reduced almost
to starvation by the conduct of the Russian Min-
ister and by the tyranny of the Ciicuit Court of
the District of Columbia, it will be because the
Government will step in to defend and protect them,
as I am satisfied it will do. Sir, when the proper
time arrives, I shall be ready to make a full devel-
opment of this whole matter, and it is my inten-
tion also to introduce a measure to remodel the
whole judiciary of this District.
Mr. SHIELDS. In addition to the remarks
made by the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker,] I will state what is my understanding
of the case, which I think must obviate any objec-
tion that might be raised to the passage of this
resolution. These same parties, to whom the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin has referred, prepared and
presented a memorial to the Secretary of State for
the purpose of having their memorial transmitted
to the Russian Government. They wished to
present their case to the Emperor of Russia. They
had prepared a memorial, and they presented it to
the Secretary of State here for the purpose of hav-
ing it transmitted to Russia, and laid before the
Emperor'and his council. All they ask, therefore,
is, that the Secretary of State of this country will
present their memorial, or have it presented, to the
council in Russia, and let the affair be tried by
their own Government; and they merely ask, by
this resolution, whether the Secretary of State has
j; forwarded that memorial to Europe. Now, I am
j1 sure there can be no objection'to that. These men
j merely wish to present their case to the Emperor
i of Russia, so that, if injustice has been done
j them, he and his council may do them justice. I
' cannot see that it is any improper interference with
| the Russian Government, or with the Executive
Government here, to ascertain whether the Secre-
! tary of State of this Government has forwarded
I the memorial.
j Mr. FOOTE. I shall not occupy the time of
the Senate by going into all the details of this
[ transaction, winch have been already stated by
; other gentlemen. I feel bound to say, however,
1 that the case has not been at all too strongly
j stated. I feel bound to say, although I wish to
j observe all due courtesy towards the representa-
tives of foreign Governments amongst us, that the !
' conduct of the Russian Minister was arbitrary
j violent, rude, and uncivil in the extreme. That is'
! my opinion, sir. The letter which he wrote to
the Attorney-General of the United States was
looked upon by the Attorney General as grossly
insulting, and was replied to by him with great
spirit, with great dignity, and with great effect.
The particulars of this case are such as make it
indispensable that the matter should be at least in-
vestigated, and all proper faciliiies afforded to these
parties to enable them to obtain justice. The me-
morial of these gentlemen was presented by me
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. They unanimously determined to recom-
mend the Senate to send it to the Department of
State for consideration.
1 am at a loss, sir, to understand how such a
resolution as this can embarrass the Government
at all. I feel perfectly sertam, as has been asserted
by other gentlemen, that unless we take some steps
to investigate this matter, a most grievous wrong
will be experienced by these unfortunate persona!
I must say, in addition, that if we permit this
wrong to be inflicted and this grievance to be per-
petuated, as it inevitably will be perpetuated unless
we interfere in the mode now proposed, we shall
not only permit the heirs of the immortal Kosci-
usko to be cruelly wronged, to be coolly, deliber-
ately, and fraudulently deprived of all their for-
tunes, but it must result in serious national dis-
grace. Entertaining this view of the matter, I
must say that it seems to me to be our duty to call
the attention of the Secretary of State to the cir-
cumstance, and ascertain from him what steps he i
has taken in the matter, so that if he has done
nothing in regard to it, he may be induced, by this
resolution, at once to take up the subject, inquire
into the facts of the case, and adopt such a course
as the Government may deem judicious and proper
under all the circumstances.
The resolution was then adopted, on a division,
by a majority of 20 to 13.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. YULEE. I presented a few days ago a
series of resolutions asking for information from
the Executive Department in relation to the form-
ation of a constitution and State government for
California. I ask the unanimous consent to take
up the resolutions now.
There being no objection, the resolutions were
taken up and read, as follows:
Resolved, Thiit the President of the United Slates be re-
quested to furnish to the Senate copies ot all correspondence
between any of the Evecutivu Dupiutmcnts and Guneral
Persifer P. Smith and Brigadter-Ceneral B. Kiiey, or either
of Lb fin. which has not been heretofore communicated to
the Senate.
Rcsoh cd, further, That the President be requested to fur-
nish to the Senate all the information existing in an v of the
Executive Depaitments respecting the transactions of the
Convention in California, by which the project of a State
government was prepared, and particularly a copy of the
journal of said Convention, and of such of the ordinances
adopted by it as may in any way have been communicated .
to any of the said departments.
Resolved; further, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform the cenate if the surrender of Gen-
eral Riley to the jurisdic ion and civri authonty of the gov-
ernment made by the aforesaid Convention, was hy ordei of
the Executive of the United States; and, if not,whether
the proclamation of General lliiey, recognizing the said State
governmentj and submitting to its jurisdiction, has received
the sanction of the Executive.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I would remark
that since these resolutions were presented, in-
formation has been received here from the Pacific
coast, which renders it the more important and
pressing that the information sought for by these
resolutions should be speedily obtained. It ap-
pears, sir, by the intelligence which has been re-
ceived within ihe last day or two, that the Gov-
ernment erected in California, and which is now
exercising jurisdiction over that country, has, by
the authority of an act of its Legislature, demand-
ed of the collector of the port~of San Francisco
the. surrender of the revenues of the United States
in his keeping, and also that movements have been
made theie looking to the establishment of an in-
dependent government. It seems still further, that
movements are in progress in the southern portion
of the territory, on the Pacific, having in view a
scission or dismemberment of the so called State,
and the establishment of a separate territorial
government. This is very important intelligence,
and it is very desirable to obtain from the Execu-
tive whatever information may have been received
upon these, as well as the other matters included
in the calls of the resolution. I have also some
information from the Territory of Oregon, this
morning, making it advisable that an amendment
be made-to these resolutions, which I have accord-
ingly prepared, and which I shall ask leave to pre-
sent. I have received a letter from the command-
! ing officer in Oregon, in which it is stated that there
| is not remaining a single civil officer in Oregon.
All the judges have gone to California. [Laugh-
ter.] This presents a remarkable state of things;
an organic territorial act exists for Oregon, and no
instrumentality through which it can operate. It
is not exactly the case of a star in eclipse, for
Oregon has not yet a place in the political firma-
ment; but it is a very curious case of abdication
or dissolution. The government has gone out.
The object of the amendment which I propose is
to ask if official information has been received by
the Executive of this condition of the Oregon
affairs, in order that we may adopt such adequate
legislation as the-circmriKtances may require.
I will observe that the second resolution calls for
the journal of the California Convention, and for
all ordinances adopted by that body. I do not
know that the Executive is in possession of this
information, but I hope it is. It seems to me to
have been an imperious duty of the Executive
Government of the United Slates, to whose charge
the possession and keeping of the territory ac-
quired from Mexico was intrusted, before sur-
rendering that charge, to possess itself of all in-
formation respecting the transactions connected
with the formation of the new government which
it proposed to recognize. I take it for granted,
therefore, that they art in possession of an official
