(*d6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
copy of the proceedings of the Convention and of |
the ordinances adopted by it. It has been rumored, j
sir, that there are ordinances which have not come
before the public. After the action on the question
of the admission of California had made consider-
able progress in this body, an ordinance of consid-
erable importance came to our knowledge, of which
we had no previous intimation. It is not, therefore,
impossible that other ordinances of equal import-
ance may still be behind, and which we may reach,
and, if I may use the expression, may unearth, by
Reoperation of these resolutions.
/ The last resolution makes inquiry upon a point
/of Stilt more moment. The tSxecutive was in
/ possession, for the United States, of the territories
/ acquired from Mexico. It was unquestionably a
j high executive duty to retain that possession, sub-
j ject to the control and legislation of Congress, to
whiefe' belonged the final disposition to be made of
I thern; and the relinquishment of this possession
| and trust is a most extraordinary abandonment of
I duty.
; "Indeed, the course of proceeding to which I ad-
vert is not only calculated to embarrass the action
of Congress in the exercise of its constitutional
discretion as to the disposition of the territory ac-
quired by the treaty with Mexico, but may result
in the most lamentable consequences to the private
rights of the inhabitants of that country, by the
establishment of a jurisdiction utterly void, and,
as 1 fear, incapable of being made valid by any
retrospective legislation of Congress. I trust, sir,
that this proceeding has not received the sanction
of the President. I find in the message communi-
cated to the Senate, in reply to a resolution intro-
duced by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clem-
ens,] that the President states, substantially, that
it was not his intention, nor did he authorize, that
any new government should be esiabhshed, or go
into effect there, until the assent of Congress had
been given. 1 take it for granted, theiefore, that
the act of General Riley was without authority;
that it has leceived the rebuke of the Executive;
and that necessary measures have been taken to
restore the authority of the United States.
It may not be generally known that the relin-
quishment of the authority of the United States,
upon which I animadvert, was done by a formal
proclamation of Governor R ley. Heie it is:
The Military and Civil Government.
proclamation. 1
To the People of California: A new Execuhve having 1
been elected ami installed into office, in accordance with
the provisions of* the constitution ol' the State, tin- under- ;
signed fieresfsy resists Ins powers; as Governor of California. 1
In thus dissolving In*; offki.il eontieciion with the people of ,
thN country, he wou'ri tender to th< in his heartfelt thanks i
for their many kmc! attentions, and tor the uniform support
which they have given to the measutes of his admmtstrd- •'
tion. The principal object ot ail his wt-tn-s U now accom- :i
plwhed— the people havt? a gov. rnmentot their own choice, . j
and one which, under the favor of Divine Providence, will ' i
secure their own prosperity and happiness, and the perma- |j
nent welfare of the new cHate.
Gm n at San Jose, California, this* 20th dav of December, |1
A. D. 1849. B.RILEY,
Brevet Brig. Gen. U. S. vi.} and Governor oj Cuhjoinia. ';
By ihe Governor:
H. VV. H iLLECK,
Brevet Captain and be&etarv of Slate. ' \
Headquarters, lOih Military Department, j!
San Jose, California, December 20, 1849. ;!
[Orders No. 41.] |;
1. TheBnaadiei General commanding the department has
this day relinquish,, d the administration of civil aft.iir& in !•
California \o the execution of the government organized '
under the provisions of tlie constitution ratified by tue peo- ;
pie of California :\t the x< cent general * lection. \ i
2. Bievet Captain H VV. HaHeik, coips of engineers, is ('
relieved from duty a? Secretary of State. ',
By order oi General Rilev,
KL/. U S. CAXRT, H
~2c>jutant General. • >
Sir, the Executive, by reference to the opinions ll
of Attorneys General, published by authority of |
Congress, would have betn enabled easily to de- !
cide the line of his duty in the present condition i
of California. I will introduce to the notice of the !
Senate a very important opinion, given by the At- j
torney General, Benjamin F. Butler, while actin^
in that capacity under the administration of Mr° 1
Van Buren. It was an opinion submitted upon a !■
state of case then likely to arise in regard to the i,
territory of Arkansas. The material questions in-
volved possessed a remarkable identity in ail their j
features uith those now before the country in re- t
Sard to California. The opinion is of some length,
and, without troubling the Senate to read it here',
I will ask of the reporter to append it in full to the \l
report of my remarks, for it is really deserving the
consideration both of the Senate and the country,
in the present state of our relations with the coun-
try on the Pacific. It will be found quite interest-
ing in its bearing upon existing issues.
The territorial Governor of Arkansas had been
cabled upon by the inhabitants to convene the le-
gislature for the purpose of adopting the necessary
steps to organize a State government, and he ap-
prehended, from the state of public feeling, an at-
tempt to subvert the territorial government. He
appealed to the President for instructions, and his
communication was submitted to the Attorney
General for an opinion. In the communication
the Governor states, as is recited in the opinion,
that " he is of opinion that, under the Constitution
* and laws of the United States, no measures can
4 lawfully be taken by the citizens of Arkansas to
* form a constitution and State government, until
* Congress shall first have granted them authoiity
' so to do, and that he will therefore feel himself
4 bound to consider and treat all such proceedings
* as unlawful;" and he asks the instructions of the
President,
The opinion covers many very distinct points
applicable to the case of California; but as the
whole will be printed, I will confine myself to the
reading of the concluding paragraph. Mr. Butler
says:
" It is, however, very obvious that all measures com-
menced and prosecuted wish a design to subvert the terri-
torial government, and to establish and putin force in its
place a new government, without the assent of Congress,
will he unlawful. The laws establishing the territorial gov-
ernment must continue in force uunl abrogated by Con-
gress ; and, in the mean tune, n will be the duty of the
governor, and of all the terntonaf officers, as well as of
the President, to take care that they be faithfully exe-
cuted."
Now, sir, it is very true that a special territorial
act had not been passed by Congress. But it was
very well understood, and it was so proclaimed by
this Administration, upon its coming into power,
that there was an existing government de facto;
and it is admitted upon all sides, that the munici-
pal laws and regulations in force in the acquired
| territory, remained obligatory and valid until al-
| tered—by whom ? Not by tne Executive, but by
i Co7igress. There was, then, a government and a
I code of municipal laws existing by the assent
I of Congress, and therefore by its authority, .and
! equally obligatory in a legal and political point of
j view with any special act organizing a govern-
ment. Here, then, was an official opinion of an
Attorney General, the legal adviser of the Execu-
tive, upon the records of his department, mat king
out the line of duty to the President; and to which
he might well have resorted, if doubtful of the
course proper for him to pursue. 1 trust it will
appear, in the reply to the inquiries now made,
that the act of General Riley has not received the
sanction of the Executive, and that measures have
been taken to recover the now derelict authority
of this government m California, until Confess
shall have exercised its constitutional prerogative
in respect to its government.
[The following is the opinion which the honor-
able gentleman desired to have appended to his
remarks:]
Attorvey General's Office, Sept. 21,1£35.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receiptoi jour
communiea'ion ot the 3lst ultimo, tran-miu.ng a copy of a
letter from the Governor of Aikansjs, with a printed ad-
dress recently issued hy him to the people of that territory,
and requiring, by direction of the Pres<dent. mv opinion
on the constitutional and legal questions pi evented in those
documents.
I' appears from the papers that applications have hepn
made to the Governor ot Arkansas, by various meetings of
tlit inh bitants of that territory, to convene the territorial
Legislature at an early day, for the purpose of passing an
act authorizing the election of delegates to the convention
to torm a State constitution ; that he ha? declined to com-
ply with that request; that he entertains strong apprehen-
sions that the territorial legislature, at th ir next remilar
met tmg to he held in October ne\t. will p.t-s such an"act,
and by so great a majority as to overrule the rieuative v^u'd
in him by law; and that file people, either with or without
such a law, vvili proceed to elect de'lcgatei to a convention
and to organize and put in operation a State government'
without (he authoriti of Cougre s; that he is ot opinion
tnar, under the Constitution of tne United Stat< no meas-
ures ran he lawfully fikrn hy the citizens of Aifcansas to
Inrni a constitution and State government until Congress
shall have granted litem authority so to do; and th.it he
wiff therefore feel himself hound to consider and treat all
such proceedings as unlawful. I oide, to meet the emer-
gency thus appiHliend. d, he *oliciU instructm/is for hi* fu-
ture guidance ; and it u in reference to this re ,uest that my
opinion is required. J
The various, questions arisingm thisca«e mavhe clashed
under two general heads. Th*.y have reject either, fir-t
to the power of the Tenitorial Legislature to pas>s Jaws au-
I ihoriznig a cons-titution and State government; or, second,
: to the right and authority of the citizens of the territory to
: take injures for that pmpo-e ; and to the exu nt to which
, such proceeding!*, if it be lawtul to .enter upon Uiem at all,
■ may properly he earned, cou^uieutly with the Coiifetitution
I of th« United States and die laws now in force,
| I. Upon these points there is, a? it appears to me, no
; room for reasonable doubt. The territorial government has
! be- n erected hy Congress; the law for that purpose having
1 been passed under the clause of the Constitution which de-
i clares that <• Congress shall have power to dis-po^e of and
1 make all neediul rules* and regulation* respecting the terri-
| torv or other property of the Untied Stater." The powers
| ol all the departments of the territorial government—eAec-
i utive, legislative, ami judicial—are derived from she law,
1 and can only be exercised in the manner and vvnhin the
1 limits prescribed m its provisions.
The legislative power is vested in a General Assembly,
composed ot two branches, the Legislative Count il and the
House of Representatives, hoth of which are eh cted h> the
people. The actprovidiug lor the Government ol .Mi^ouri,
approved June 4, 1812, and which is adopted in the laws,
relating to Aikainas as definmgthe powers of ihe iegi-lative
department, declares, "that the Gennal Assnnhly shall
have power to make laws in all ca^es, hoth civil and criuii-
nal, for the goad ^ore> r/ment of the people of said territory*
not repugnant to or inconsistent with the Constnution and
laws of the United States." This part of the law is to he
taken m connection with the other provisions contained m
it; and, when so considered, it will be seen ih .t the whole
law w as deigned to accomplish the single pin pose ol organiz-
ing a temporary teru'tou^l-government, hich was intended
to remain subject at .ill nines to the control ofConeiess, un-
der the authority conferred upon it by the Constitution of the
United States. In the esercHe oi "this authority Congress
mav at pleasure repeal or modify the law parsed  \v the ter-
ritorial legislature, and may at any time ahronaie nnd re-
model the legislature itse f, and all the other departments of
the territorial government.
To suppose that th« legislative power* granted to the
General Assembly included the authoiiiy to abrogate, to
alter, or modity the territorial government established by
the act of Congiess, and of which the Assembly is a con-
stituent part, would be manifestly absurd. The act of Con-
gress, so far as it is consistent with the Con^iilution of the
Uniied Slates,and with the treat> by whi^h the ten.tory was
ceded to the (Jm ^d State®, is the supreme law of the terri-
tory; it is paramount to the power ot the territorial legisla-
ture, and can only be revoked or altered by the authority
from which it emanated. The General Assembly and the
people of the Territory are as much bound by its pro\ won?,
and as incapable of abrogating them, as Ihe Legislatures and
people of the American States are bound by, and incapable
j ot abrogating the Constitution ot the United Stat-s. It id
j also a maxim of universal law, that when a particular thing
piohibited hy law, all means, attempts, and contmances
to effect such a thing ate al-o prohibited. Consequently it
is not in the power of the General A-senibly of Arkansas to
pas-, any law for the purpose of electing members to a con-
vention to form a constitution and Strite government, nor
to do any other act, direcily or indirectly, to create Mich new
government. Every such law, even though it were approved
by the government of the Territory, would be null and void ;
if passed by them, notwithstanding his veto, by a vote of
two-thnds ol each branch, it wouldVull he equally void.
If I am right in the foregoing opinion, it will then fojJcw
jj that the cour-e of the Governor, in declining to call together
I! the Territorial Legislature for the purpose in question, was
!j Mich a> his legal dunes required ; ami that the vn w, he has
expressed in his public artd'iess., and also in his official eom-
[ mumcalton to yourself, so far a> they indicate an intention
j not to sanction or ( oncurin any legislative o-other proceed-
| mil's towards the formation of a Stufj Gov< rnment until Con-
, grecs *1m11 have authorize d it, are also com et.
I If. The questions which refer thun*ehes to the second
i general head are more ditfk nil. and ilu- consideranr n< wjucli
j must govern their decision more mtim-toih and complex;
j but the conclusion to which my iefli c turns have bioui'ht me*
j with the prominent reason* on ninth it founded, can be
j stated without much pioh.\tt>.
! The third -ectioo of tbe fourth article of the Constitution
! of the United Siau> drdares that new Stales mav be ad-
I nutted hy the CongresMnto the Union ; but I hat no new State
1 .'•hall he formed ot ejected within the jurisdiction ot any
. other State ; nor any Sute formed by the junction of tu O
; or more States, or paiti> of State-, without the consent of
! the Legislatives oi the States - oncerm d, as weil a< ot the
I Congress. This provision implies th I ihe new St.ile shall
j have been constituted by a settlement of a constitution or
j frame of government, and by the appointment of those offi-
i cial agents which ate indispensable to its action as a Si.ite,
| and e?p  cially to it& notion as a member of the Union, prior
j to its admission into the Union. In accordance wuh this
i implicat'on, every Stat* received into.the Union since the
j adoption of Ufe I'Vdeia! Constitution has m en actually or-
' gamzed prior to s-nch admission.
j " By the practical construction which lias been civr-n to
: the first cl use of the provision Jhst qnoiwd. ti m::\ now he
j considered as authorizing tlio adrm-sion of new  St-Hes into
t the Union, thousfh f<>nned out of the To/,foncj ol the Uni-
| ted States; ai-d this, whether the tejjnory t it
j was once a part ot so-oe one or more of the 'oiigin.ii Stat's,
j, or has nice hc-n acquired bv ireaiy or otlnrwisp Ju
! every such e.i-e, 'he ley.il authority to enter on ihe preltmi-
! ;inr\ arrangenn nts, .«o f:ir a- such authoriiy is- me<Hd can
■ only be gr.Hit<d hy the Coiiyresc ot tin United S!itt->. I
1 -ay b\ the Commas, or the legishmve d. pirtment, in con-
] tradistmction fmni all other departments «.f ilie Federal
; Government; because tin: power of aduiitiinj m\v Stales
j into the Union, aed that of -upruiie legislation over the
( terrjrorieSj Ih i(Ig hoih exclusively uM-ri in that b..<h, must
j tiece-sarilv thaw after them the power to p.^s all Iaw% pre-
; paratorv to the conversion ol a terntoiial into a State "ov-
I crmneut. n
! The ire  t\ by which Louisiana was ceded to the United
j States (though tifuloubfcd.'j, for many important purpo-.es a
i part ol the supreme law) must, therefore, be frnd out ot ihe
j present queMion. It is true, that the third article impose-on
I the United States, as a nation, the duty of incorporaungtho
