2062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept* 28,
A Senator. I think it is the duty of the Sena-
tors from California to be present when amend-
ments are being offered.
r£he PRESIDENT. That is their own affair.
Mr. HAMLIN. If it were at all necessary X
would vote for the reconsideration which the Sena-
tor asks; but the case stands now precisely what
it was before. If we direct the Secretary of the
Navy to do ascertain thing, that direction contains
the power to do it just as clearly as if you were to
direct him to do so and so, or in a particular man-
ner. You authorize him to do the thing, and that
is enough. To give any further direction seems
to me very much like the boy that was drawing
the picture of a horse, and, fearing the likeness
would not be recognized, wrote under it " this is
a horse."
Mr. GWIN. I have another objection to the
amendments. It is now left discretionary with the
Secretary of the Navy to make the contract, and
we know that he has expressed an opinion against
the measure.
Mr. CASS. I do not think it is left discretionary
«viih him. The part that has been stricken out
required that the contract should be made with
particular parties. To strike out that part does not
defeat the measure. The contract is still required
to be made, only we do not designate the parties
with whom it shall be made. We hold the depart-
ment still responsible for the execution of the law.
That is the only true mode. There is no respon-
sibility among contracting men; there can be none.
Tne question being taken separately on ,the
amendments offered by Mr. Baldwin a3 stated
above, they were adopted.
Mr. BALDWIN then offered a further verbal
amendment to strike out the word " said," as ap-
plied to the persons named with whom the con-
tract was to have been made, their names having
been stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
,Mr. MANGCJM offered the following amend-
ment, stating that upon full deliberation it had met
the approbation of the Committee on Naval Affairs:
"That th<? same amount of salary as is provided for to
William J. McAlphine and William P. Sanger he paid to
J.unes Herring for service in the navy yard a' P^nsacoia,
during the nine he has been employed at said yard."
Mr. YULEE. The Committee on Naval Affairs
have unanimously approved of that amendment.
Mr. MANGUM. Without detaining the Sen-
ate with relating the circumstances, I will simply
state, that upon a careful examination of it, I con-
sider it as an eminently just proposition.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this for arrears, or for an
ncrease of salary for service yet to be performed ?
Mr. YULEE. It is to place this individual
upon the same footing with three other officers for
whom the same provision has been made. In the
House this officer was overlooked, but he is enti-
tled to the same salary as the rest.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS moved to amend the bill in the
H8'h line, afrer the word 4* made/'by inserting,
" and on nomination of the delegation in Congress
of the State, or a majority of them."
The amendment was intended to place the ap-
pointment of midshipmen on a similar footing
with that of cadets.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. That is precisely the
amendment I was going to offer myself. Our j
Stale has been so badly cheated in relation to the j
appointment of midshipmen, that our attention '
has been specially called to tliis matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. YCJLEE offered the following amendment,
to come in after the word (i supplies," in the 27th
line:
uProvided, That so much of the act making appropria-
tion for the naval service lor the half calendar year begin-
ning the 1st of January and ending the 80th June, 1843, and
lor the fi-JC.il year beginning the 1st of July and ending the
30th of June, 1^44, appioved the 3d of March, 1843, as re-
qunes the rfecre;ary ot the Navy to advertise once a week
for at tea^t tour weeks, for proposals (or the transportation
of supplies for the use ot the navy, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed; and that^iereafter such adveitisements
shall be for a period of nut less than five d^ys."
In explanation of the amendment, Mr. Y. read
the following letter:
Bureau Provisions and Clothing,
July 16, l£5Q.
"Sir: The carrying out of the act of the 3d of March,
1843, which requires four weeks' nonce to be givtn for ves- ,
seUto transport supplies to our squadrons on foreign sta- j
tions, is attended with so many inconveniences and delays, j
that f would r«specrfully suggest" the propriety of asking I
Congress to reduce the, time now required to five days. i
"It sometimes happens that information is received of
unexpected wante on foreign stations, arising from condem-
nations which it is impossible for the bureau to anticipate,
but which it is necessary 10 promptly meet. Tins cannot
be done whde we are required to conform to the provisions
of the act or the 3d ot March, 3843. It is believed that ail
pioper competition will be secured as effectually by giving
five days'notice as by giving thirty. Be&ides, another ad-
vantage will be obtained by reducing the term to five days—
that of precluding the necessity of keeping larger supplies at
the several dep6ts than thf service would otherwise require,
as is now sometimes the case.
ft Very respecy'uily, your obedient servant,
" W. SINCLAIR.
"To Hon. Wm. Ballard Preston,
k< Secretary of the Navy."
Before the reading of the letter was concluded,
Mr. HUNTER suggested to dispense with the
further reading of it, and to have the question ta-
ken.
The question being taken vive voce, and appear-
ing to be carried in the negative,
Mr. YULEE said he presumed the dispensing
with the reading of the letter was the occasion of
Senators not voting in favor of the proposition.
Mr. HUNI'ER. I have a general objection to
all amendments, but I had rather pass this than
delay the bill. We have already consumed too
much time.
The question being again put, no quorum voted.
Mr. YULEE then stated the effect of the amend-
ment, and concluded the reading of the letter as
given above.
The question being again taken, twenty-two
voted in the affirmative. So the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. YULEE. I have only one more amend- .
ment. It involves no appropriation, but only en-
ables the Secretary of War to arbitrate the ques-
tion pending between the department and the
salvors of United States vessels. 1 move the fol-
lowing as an additional section: .
" Be it farther enacted, Tnat the Secretary of the Navy
be, and he is hereby, authorized, if he deem it advisable, i
io submitlthe den/and-5 of the claimants for salvage on the
United States vessel ( Water-Witch ' to the arbitration of
the judge ot the United States district court in the southern
district of Florida."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to be inserted after line 262;
" For compensating Professor Jame^ P. Kspy for the use
of his ventilator, §10/000 : Provided, That the same sha I
be m lull for the Use of such ventilator m the navy at all
times hereafter."
This is but an apt of very tardy justice to be
rendered to this gentleman. A bill has passed the
Senate two or three times authorizing the payment
of $10,000 to him, but has never passed the House
in a separate measure. Now, sir, the value of that
ventilator is fixed, first, by a report made by the
Committee on Naval Affairs in the House in 1846,
in which there are several statements which 1 will
beg leave to extract from in one or two instances.
The first is from Mr. Upshur, as follows:
"The value of such an invention, not only iti preserving
from decay, but in preseivmg also the health and lives of
their crews, cannot he measured in money. I agree with
Captain Kennon, that the right to use it in our navy would
be cheaply purchased at the price which you chaige for it."
Here is also another statement from the captain
of a vessel (Captain Ramsey) on which there was
a crew of two hundred men:
"The Vandalia, on board of which the ventilator wa3
in general use during the period ot my command, cruised i
along the African shores through the enure { sickly season,' I
with the. loss of but one ot iwo hundred souls comprising !
her crfw, which maj' i>e attributed to the purity ot the at-
mosphere below, on winch the ventilator, from its astonish-
ing draught, must have exerted a strong influence."
This has proved so beneficial that sixteen of
them have been made, and it is now being adopted
in general use in the navy. This gentleman has
received no compensation whatever for his inven-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not think
that all the ventilators that were ever thought of in
the mind of any man were ever worth $10,000 to
begin with; and I will state to the Senate that,
about two years ago, the Committee on Commerce
had, not this particular ventilator under consider-
ation, but the subject of ventilating ships, in order
that the atmosphere might be improved, and thus
save the health of the vessel. The committee re-
ported to the Senate a law, now in force, with re-
gard to passengers on ships; and I may say that
this was considered by no means the best ventila-
tor—by no means among the best or the most effi-
cient of those that are at present muse. There
has been, I know, very considerable improvement;
upon that subject; yet, while I do not mean to un-
dervalue this invention at all, in my estimation it
is greatly inferior to many others, and I do not
feel inclined to bestow this sum of money for it.
Mr. HUNTER. This is manifestly a private
claim. 1 hope we may be allowed to proceed with
the bill.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was not agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I offer the folio wing-amendment,
after line 281:
" For the purchase of the right to make arid use, for alt
such purposes as may be deemed proper by the Government
of the United States, the patent force-pump and engine of
S. P. Case, a sum not exceeding ^-25,000."
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would suggest if it would
not be better to leave it to the discretion of the
Navy Department to say what pumps they will
use.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was rejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to make an amend-
ment in relation to hemp. This changes the law,
and I want to strike out that portion which
changes th6 law as it now stands. I move to
strike out all from the word " hemp," in the 33d
line, to the word "years," in the 37th line, leav-
1 ing it as the law now stands—to let out the hemp
contract to the lowest bidder. .
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 hope this amendment
will not prevail; the hemp-growers in Kentucky
want an open market. They want the hemp
agent to go into -open market, and give every
farmer an opportunity to bring his hemp into mar-
ket. We have found by past experience that the
contractor generally manages it in his own way;
so that the little farmer, the man of 2,000 or 3,000
lbs., is excluded, and it amounts to a Sbrt of mo-
nopoly. I have not time to make a speech now;
if I had, I would show that the consequence of
this amendment would be to act against the inter-
ests of the little farmers to a great extent.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will say but one word. The
gentleman is mistaken altogether. I am in favor
of that interest as much as he is, as I suppose are
the States of Kentucky, Illinois, Missouri, and
several other western States. The object is pre-
cisely to accomplish what the gentleman wishes—
to leave it to the lowest bidder and prevent com-
petition from foreigners. I want the American
growers to have an advantage over the foreign
grower.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that the bill will be
left as it is. I do not see why we should introduce
the protective principle and extend it to this bill.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was not adopted.
Mr. YULEE. Here is an amendment making
an appropriation for the removal of the wreck of
the steamship Missouri in the bay of Gibraltar,
which was put in my hands by a member who is
necessarily absent. I offer it now because the
| Secretary of the Navy suggested the propriety of
it, and it comes from the "Naval Committee, with
the sanction of the Navy Department.
[The amendment could not be obtained by the
Reporter.]
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the character of that
j amendment is somewhat similar to that of a pri-
i vate claim. There is a mighty close affinity be-
, tween the navy and the commerce of this country.
I The Committee on Commerce have reported avast
1 number of biils, of a variety of kinds, of claims
against the Government for services in commercial
matters. I suppose it will be in order to add all
of these claims to this amendment as an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. YULEE. This is not a private; matter.
The steaaner Missouri was burned whileatanchor
in the harbor^of Gibraltar, and her hulk and ma-
chinery occupy the best anchorage in the harbor.
The British Government very properly complains
of it; for it is our duty to remove it, while in doing
so we save the engine, which is of great value.
Mr- DAVIS, of Massachusetts. It is not worth
one copper now.
Mr. YULEE. The provision of the bill di-
rects the Secretary of the Navy to use a part of
the naval force for the purpose. Now, this is en-
tirely useless; for the work is to be done by per-
sons who understand diving, and by machinery
which is owned by patentees, it-can only be re-
moved by the means proposed by my amendment,
and therefore I hope that it will be adopted.
