2064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Not now.
Mr, DAYTON. That is my knowledge. And
in my part of the country there is hardly a naval
officer, within my knowledge, who has not a son,
if he be of age, in the naval service. 1 am very
much afraid that, if you enact that the President is
to appoint ten midshipmen, you will create a jeal-
ousy; for on what part of the country is the Presi-
dent to quarter them ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. On .none.
Mr. DAYTON. Then you must increase the
number of midshipmen.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Not so. You do
not quarter them upon any part of the country, nor
<lo you increase their number. It seems to me to
be a very simple proposition. The midshipman
is appointed at large, and the fact that he is ap-
pointed to fill some vacancy will, of course, only
delay the appointment in some congressional dis-
trict, but not fill it.
Mr. DAYTON. It is the same thing whether
they are quartered upon the district, or you delay
the appointment from the district by reason of the
other appointment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. You do not pre-
vent it, but only delay it,
Mr WH1TCO.VJB. It occurs to me that the
Senator from Mississippi can obtain his object,
and obviate all objection, by framing his amend-
ment so as to change that mode of illiberal con-
struction, and leave the sons of naval and military
officers to be considered as residents of the places
where their fathers actually reside when not per-
forming duty.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. There are many
cases that cannot be reached by any such provis-
ion. If the officers come on shore when off duty,
they may be in one place or m another; and even
if they go to one place all the time, they are still
absent so much that they have lost all their inter-
est, and are unable to get congressional recom-
mendation. Now, I can very well understand that
every naval officer who came from the Slate of
New Jersey, should, when he was on shore, prefer
to reside there, and thus preserve his residence.
Not so with the interior States. The cases are en-
tirely different. The honorable Senator judges
from Tiis experience in hislocality; we judge from
ours, and it is directly the reverse. But, suppose
that an officer of the navy was appointed from the
District of Columbia, how is he to get his son into
the navy ? Or suppose a citizen of the District of
Columbia desires to enter the navy, how is he to
enter it? Formerly, I know, they weresentout to
be quartered upon some congressional district, and
to remain there a short time, and then be appointed
from it. But I understand that the construction of
the law is now very rigid, and it is altogether im-
possible for any such thing tt^be done under the
construction that is now made. My proposition
is to remedy a great defect. If Senators wish to in-
crease the numbei of midshipmen, they can make
that proposition. I believe the number of mid-
shipmen is now very well balanced for the size of
the navy. But if some congressional district were
to be delayed one or two years, the evil would be
less than the one which I wish to remedy.
The question being taken upon this amendment,
it v. as not adopted.
-Mr. HALE. I wish to offer an additional sec-
tion by way of amendment. It is to prevent the
appointment of any more captains in the navy,
until the present number shall be reduced to fifty.
[The amendment could not be obtained by the
Reporter.]
Now, one remark in regard to that. We have
now sixty-eight captains in the navy, and forty-
two out of the sixty-eight are waiting orders—
some of them having been waiting twenty, and
some of them thirty years. 1 find more than one
waiting orders for thirty years; some of them
twenty ; some eighteen, and so along down. Forty-
two out of sixtj-eight waiting orders at a salary o
$2,500 a year! Now, my amendment proposes to
keep fifty, twice the number now employed, lack-
ing two—twenty-six being in the service. I do
not propose to turn anybody out of the navy, but
sitnply not to appoint any more until the number
is reduced to fifty.
Tne question being taken on the amendment, it
was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT stated that the question ■
would be taken upon all the amendments to-
gether, unless some Senator wished to reserve some
one or more of thrm.
Mr. DICKINSON said he preferred that they
should all be rejected.
Mr. GW1N said that he wished to reserve
all the amendments with regard to the docks in
California.
"I he question being then taken on the other
amendments, they were concurred in on a di-
vision—ayes 32, noes not counted
Mr. YULfiE. As the amendment which has
been reserved involves so large an appropriation,
as we are to meet again so soon, and as 1 deem it
s very important provision, I deem it my duty to
move again in the Senate to strike out the whole
that relates to the dock there, and ask the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, the
question was taken upon this amendment, and it
was not agreed to—yeas 20, nays 26.
The amendments were then ordered to lie en-
grossed for a third reading o( the bill, and the bill
was read a third time, and passed.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the con- .
sideration of the bill making appropriations for the I
support of the army of the United States for the j
year ending June 30, 1851.
Mr. HUNTER 1 will state that the Commit- !
tee on Finance have reported this bill without j
amendments. By doing sq, we have by no means j!
miended, however, to dictate anything to the Sen- i
ate in relation to it. We reported it without rec- !l
ommending amendments, because we had not i'
time to give that critical examination to the bill :
which it properly required. I stand here ready to !
vote for any amendment which may be offeied, :
and which may commend itself to my judgment. 1
Mr. HALE moved an amendment mjaehalf of j
Charlotte Lynch; which was not agreed!®.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Committee
on Military Affairs have some amendments to of- i
fer. It is not our fault that this bill has been re- I
ported at the end of the session. The responsi- j
bihty rests upon others. Upon the Committee on ;
Military Affairs only rests the responsibility of 1
drafting appropriations which the interests and j
wants of the service require.
The fiist amendment was to increase the pay of
officers in Oregon.
Mr D. said: I have received memorials and
various statements, both from officers command-
ing in Oregon and other persons fully informed.
They say that the pnce of rent, the price of bread,
and the price of every species of supplies, is so
extravagantly high, that no officer can live upon
his pay. It is the same case in California. The
men also are tempted, by the great demand for la-
boi and the high rates that are offered for it, to
such a degree that a man who is serving at $7 a
month may desert his post, throw down his mus- !
ket, and take up a shovel or a pick and earn $7 !
a day. The consequence is, that in order to pur- ■
sue deserteis and bnng- them back, or to send out i
new troops to lake their place, it costs the Govern- j
ment much more than it would to give a literal [
compensation, such as would retain them in the j
service. The mode I have adopted is, for com- \
missioned officers, to give the same extia pay to j
all the officers, no matter what may be their grade |
—the increased expenditure bearing about equally '
upon all. Officers of an inferior rank would not i
be benefited as the exigencies of the case require, if I
they received extra pay in pioportmn to their pay j
as established by law. I have, therefore, thought j
that this method of increase would be more equu- ,
able than any other.
Sept. 28.
Provided, That the principal assistant in the Oidiwoce
Bureau of tne War Department shall receive a enmpen-ation
not less than that of , under the fifth section of an
act approved the S3ii of August, 1842, from and alter the
d<ue thereof."
If there is any doubt about the amendment, 1 can
explain it in a few moments. In the "Ordnance
Bureau it is necessary to have an assistant, who
must be one of the most accomplished and in-
structed ordnance officers, upon whom is devolved
the chief responsibility of that bureau. If he be a
captain in the army, he is detailed to discharge
the duties; and as the interests of the service wili
generally require that he should be a captain, his
pay is about $600 a year. It is proposed, then, to
put this omcer upon the same footing as to pay, so
that it shall not be a sacrifice for hitn to enter the
Ordnance Bureau.
The question being taken upon this amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. In the provision
to supply the deficiency occurring at the Military
Academy at West Point, the Senator from Vir-
ginia has called my attention to the fact that there
are only §600 appropriated, where the amount re-
quired is $1,090 83. I therefore move to strike out
$6U0 to dctiay the expenses of the board of visi-
teis at West Point, and to insert $1,090 83.
The question being taken upon this amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Another amend-
ment. I will state to the Senator that last year, in '
I the appropriation bill, after examination, and in ac-
cordance with the bill lying on the table, the Sen-
ate's provision was made to pay all additional ra-
j Hons to officers of the army, as being within their
I construction of the law, fixed for permanent posts
in the army. But a different construction has
been put upon it by the Auditor, who has decided
that it must be renewed this year. 1 have also put
in an engineer.
The amendment was read, and, the question
being taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have a letter
from the Chief of the Bureau of Topographical
Engineers, asking for an appropriation to pay a
draughtsman, who has been employed in the let-
tering and bordering and some of the minute
typography of a map. He estimates the labor of
this draughtsman to be worth $5 a day. The
whole amount asked for is §1,040, which he says
is for service in the months of October, November,
December, January, February, March, April, and
May—219 days, amounting to $1,040. A Senator
asks me if there was any authority for employing-
him. None at all, I believe, other than the fact,
that his services were needed to complete a work
which Congress had imposed upon the bureau. I
will read an extract;
Extract pom yuge 5 of Re-port of the Colxmel of the Corps of
Topographical Engineers to Congress^ duted
<l November 2i), 1840.
"One officer (Brevet Colonel J. McCiellan) is engaged in
compiling J root the best authorities, under a resolution of
the Senate, a map of the country between the Mississippi
and the Pacific, embiacing all our territory on that sea.
This map is in a grtat state ol forwardness, but is jet de-
tained in order to take advantage of the new information
which is daily received. It uas found necessary tit at het>h,ould
k>ivc an assistant draughtsman; but the huteau,"having no offi-
cer to spare, and no appropriation out of which a draughts-
man could he putd, no person c«>uld be asMgrted. An "'able
dtaught>man, (Mr. J W. Butler.) however, being unem-
plojed, has agreed to lend his services to the work, trusting
to such remuneration as Congress may, in its wif-dom, arid
upon a judgment of his services, tlmik proper to allow."
I have other statements from various parties '
upon the same subject, if the Senate is desirous of
hearing them read.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was agreed to.
iMr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move a recon-
Mr. HUIS f£R. I would ask the chairman of i i sideration of the resolution by which the Senate
the Committee on Military Affairs whether this
increase of pay has received the sanction of the de-
partment ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Oh, yes; cer-
tainly. I was only sparing the Senate. If it is
desirable, 1 will commence reading. I have got
the estimate of the Postmaster General, the Secre-
tary of War, and of almost everybody else that
the Senate would like to hear from. [Laughter.]
The question being taken upou this amendment,
it was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The next amend-
ment is, to insert in the 119th line, after the word
" already," the following:
determined to taKe a recess, in order that we may
go on and complete this bill.
The question being taken upon this motion, it '
was not agreed to.
THE INDIAN BILL.
A message was received from the House; stating
that they insisted on their disagreement to the Sen-
ate amendments made to the Indian appropriation
bill, and tiad appointed Messrs. Thompson of
Mississippi, Johnson of Arkansas, and Well-
born, a committee of conference.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
sisted on its amendments; and Messrs. Pea'rce,
Sebastian, and Dodge of Iowa, were appointed
