THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
31st Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1850.
New Series No. 130.
a committee of conference on the part of the Sen-
ate.
The hour of four having arrived, the Senate took
a recess till six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,' re-
sumed the consideration of the House bill No.
390—being the bill making appropriations for the
support of the army.
CAPTAIN MORDECAI.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to offer
the following amendment:
" That the Secretary of War be and he is hereby author-
ized to pay the unexpended balance of the appropriation
made by the act of March 3,1849, for publishing a new edi-
tion of the Ordnance Manual, to the officer of the United
States army employed in compiling, arranging, superin- |
tending, and publishing the same, as provided by the terms
of said act."
The Secretary of War at that time (Mr. Marcy)
recommended to the Senate a new edition of the
Ordnance Manual to be printed, the old one being
exhausted. A communication was sent from the
Ordnance Bureau to the Committee on Military
Affairs, which recommended that to defray the ex-
pense of publishing a new edition of a thousand
copies, including compensation to be allowed to
Captain Mordecai for compiling, arranging, and
supervising, there should be appropriated $6,000.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported an
amendment to the appropriation bill, which left
out the name of Captain Mordecai, and increased
the number of copies to 1,500. The number of
copies was increased for reasons which it is un-
necessary at this time to detail, and the name of
Captain Mordecai left out, because the committee
believed it was improper to make an appropriation
for an individual, and that for some cause or other
it might be-advisable or desirable to change the
order—that the officer might die, and if the appro-
priation were made in his name, no other officer
could take charge of the work, and it would fail to
be executed. For that reason the committee rec-
ommended that there should be appropriated
$6,000 to defray the expenses of publishing 1,500
copies. When the work was completed, the bal-
ance on hand was, of course, the compensation for
the officer. As all the bills had to be paid, the
balance was the compensation for the compiler;
but Secretary Crawford, in a communication
which lies before me, believed he had no authority
to pay the compiler for the work, because he was
an officer of the army—the act of 1842 prohibiting
all extra allowances to officers of the army; ana
he therefore recommended additional legislation
upon the subject. The Committee on Military
Affairs, recollecting the whole history of the trans-
action, informed the Secretary that it was the in-
tention to pay the officer of the army, who was,
in fact, the compiler of the work. He, however,
decided that he would not pay the money without
some legislation to authorize him; and the amend-
ment which I now offer is to authorize the unex-
pended balance to be allowed to the compiler, in
accordance with the intention of the act of 1849.
" It is not to make a new appropriation of money,
but to allow the unexpended balance of a former
appropriation to be paid to the individual for
whom it was intended in the first place.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was agreed to.
SUPERINTENDENT OF MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have_ another
amendment, which I will explain as briefly as I
can:
" Provided, That the pay and emoluments of the super-
intendent of the United States Military Academy shall in
no case be less than the pay of a professor of natural and
experimental philosophy."
When the appropriation bill for the Military
Academy was before the Senate, I made a propo-
sition to increase the rank of that officer to the
grade of lieutenant colonel, either by linear com-
mission or by brevet. It was with a view to se-
cure to him the pay of lieutenant colonel, believing
130
that amount was necessary to maintain the station
which he occupied, and further, because that is the
pay of the professors of natural and experimental
philosophy. At that time, on account of another
proposition being entertained by my friend from
Florida, [Mr. Yui.ee,] I abandoned the proposi-
tion, in order that it might be disposed of in this
bill. We now find ourselves at the close of the
session, without any ability to consider a new
mode of providing for the increase of rank of that
officer. I therefore offer this amendment, in order
that he may escape from the anomalous condition
in which he is placed as superintendent of that
academy, being in fact the commanding officer of
that institution. As his case now stands, he re-
ceives but the pay of- a captain. A junior in rank,
therefore, receives the same pay as the superin-
tendent, who has all the care of the institution.
The whole thing is an anomaly, and is therefore
unjust. We have no time now to adopt a more
acceptable plan, and I offer this amendment as the
only mode of escaping from the condition in which
we are placed.
Mr. HUNTER. I only ask my friend whether
the effect of the amendment will not be to turn out
the man who already occupies the post ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Not at all; it is
merely to increase his pay from that of captain to
that of lieutenant colonel.
The amendment was adopted.-
COLT'S REPEATING PISTOLS. ;
Mr. SHIELDS offered the following amend-
ment:
" For^he purchase of Colt's improved repeating pistols,
&5G,000: Jitid U is herein provided, That the Secretary of
War ;te authorized to deliver, upon application of the
proper authority, Colt's repeating pistols to any Siate or
Territory, under the provisions of the act appioved Apnl
27,1848 ; oi to persons emigrating to Oregon, California, or
New Mexico, under the provision of the act ot March 2,
1849, as recommended by the Chief of the Ordnance De-
partment in his communication o! the 25th ol July, 1850."
Mr. S. said ha^would barely state that he had
ngt been charge* with that amendment by the
Committee on Military Affairs, but he found it
recommended by the Ordnance Department, by
several officers of the army, by the Committee on
Military Affairs in the House, and by several
Senators.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I submit to
the Senate whether we cm, at this-late period of
the session, with perhaps five hours only before
us, go into the consideration of this matter, as
to what patent fire-arms we shall buy, or which
of these patentees we shall patronize; for I be-
lieve there are rival patentees. There is no time
now to consider these questions; and I do hope
the bill may go through without further amend-
ment, since we have done with the recommenda-
tions of the Committee on Military Affairs. Sir,
it will be better to take the next session to mature
this matter than to bring it. up in this way.
The amendment was rejected.
BRIGADIER GENERAL HENDERSON.
Mr. HALE. 1 desire to offer the following
amendment:
" Be it further enacted, That the provision In the act
making appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending 30th June, 1847, passed August 10, 184fi, that no
payments shall hereafter be made to a colonel or any of-
ficer of the marine corps, by virtue of a commission of
brigadier general by brevet, be and the same is hereby
repealed; and that the Secrctaiyof the Treasury is directed
to pay to General Henderson the back pay and rations to
which he would have been entitled had it never been en-
acted."
I want to make a brief explanation in regard to
this amendment, to which I ask the attention of
the Senate. In 184G there was this proviso enact-
ed in the appropriation bill:
" That no payment shall hereafter be made to a colonel,
or any other officer of said corps, by virtue of a comiwfsion
of brigadier general by brevet."
By looking at this it would seem that there was
a class of officers against whom it was made to
correct a great abuse; but the truth is, it operates
upon just exactly one individual and no more; and
that individual is General Henderson, of the ma-
rine corps. He has been in the service over forty
years; was on board of the "Constitution" when
she captured the " Guerriere;" fought valiantly
throughout the Florida war, and was breveted for
it by General Jackson. He received his emolu-
ments up to 1846. The law placed this officer
upon the same footing with the officers of the
army. This brave and meritorious officer, who
has grown gray in the service—whose native State
has presented him with a sword for his gallantry—
is thus stigmatized, and is made an exception by
this general law operating upon officers in the
marine corps. I think it is unjust, and that the
reproach should no longer stand upon our statute
book against that old officer.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will bring this up as a separate propo-
sition next session, I will do justice to that officer.
It is painful for me to resist these private claims;
still I feel it my duty to do it. There are other
cases of gallant officers who have very just claims
upon Congress, in relation to whom 1 have been
spoken to, but I have felt it my duty to refuse to
bring them forward. I hope the Senator will con-
sent to postpone this proposition, and bring it up
as a separate measure next session, and let us pass
this bill. Why, sir, the chairman of the commit-
tee of conference on the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill has just come from that conference,
and here is a matter which will take much time,
perhaps; and I therefore beg the Senator to post-
pone his proposition till we get through these
bills.
Mr. HALE. Such an affecting appeal is mads
to me that I cannot resist it. I will therefore with-
draw that part which requires the back pay to be
allowed, and simply retain that which repeals the
proviso.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Here we have a private
ciaim to put upon this bill, and connected with it
is a speech saying that a former Congress stigma-
tized itself by passing a law to operate upon a
single individual. Upon this single statement of
one member, we are to revise the conduct of a
past Congress in passing a certain law some years
ago, without going into the matter at all.
Several Senators. "Question!" "Question.
Mr. BERRIEN. I do not understand the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire as having stated that
this matter was calculated to stigmatize the Con-
gress of the United States; but that making a
measure of this sort solely applicable to a marine
i officer was calculated to throw a stigma upon the
I individual. The proposition is to relieve htm from
the operation of that law; and I ask Senators to
I unite with the Senator from New Hampshire to
! pass this amendment. I hope the Senate of the
United States will not adhere to this stern requisi-
tion on the part of this act. We are the Senate
of the United States. The committees that are ap-
pointed by this body are appointed for the purpose
of examining and presenting to the consideration
of the Senate the subjects upon which it is proper
for them to decide; and we are not to be enchained,
we are not to be prevented from doing justice to
individuals, and from relieving them from the_im-
putation which is consequent upon the previous
action of Congress, by the demands of this or that
bill, passed through in the Senate Chamber with-
out amendment. Sir, the course of the Senate has
not been uniform upon this subject. Amendments
sustaining private claims have been introduced
into this Chamber and adopted, and have been
concurred in by the other House.
Mr. HALE. I have withdrawn the part ot tfte
I amendment which relates to back pay.
! Mr. BERRIEN. 1 understand the Senator has
1 withdrawn so much as relates to the back pay, and
! simply asks the repeal of a proviso which is cal-
I culated to place a gallant officer m an
i position—which takes from him the reputation
■ which is accorded to officers of equal but not of
- greater gallantry. I hope the amendment will
{^Several Senators. «aueation!"
I Mr. BERRIEN. I was going to ask the yeas
! and nays, with the permission of the SmuUot: from
: New Hampshire. I hope the Senate will be dis-
i posed to record the vote which denies this justice.
