2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was again read as modified—
being simply to repeal the provision of the act
preventing a brigadier general by brevet, of the
marine corps, from receiving the pay of that offi-
cer.
Mr. HALE. I merely wish to state that this
proviso which I want to repeal was inserted in
the appropriation bill in 1846, and that it is an act
of justice to as gallant a soldier as ever buckled
on his armor for the Held of battle, and as brave an
officer as ever looked upon an enemy.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was lost—ayes 17, noes 21.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WJNTHROP. I beg the indulgence of
the Senate for a single moment, while 1 make an
explanation of a somewhat personal character.
It will be remembered by the Senate that, du-
ring an exciting debate which occurred here most
unexpectedly a week or two since, I introduced a
letter from a Boston shipmaster in regard to the
imprisonment of our free colored seamen in the
southern ports. That letter was made the subject
of very severe animadversion, and the author of }t
was stigmatized as a person wholly unworthy of
credit. It was declared that his statements were
entirely in conflict with the laws of'Louisiana, and
with the facts as they existed in all the southern
ports; and he was left under imputations of a
most injurious character.
Now, it is no part of my purpose to revive any
excitement on this subject at the present moment,
or to disturb the harmony of the Senate with any
matters of controversy in these closing hours of
the session. But having been the unwilling cause
of bringing into question the character of a worthy
Massachusetts sea-captain, I cannot consent that
the session should come to an end without saying
a few words to relieve him from the reproaches
which have been cast upon him.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope there is to be no de-
bate on this subject.
Mr.'WINTHROP. I will promise the Senator
from Virginia, if he will permit me to proceed with-
out interruption, that I will not, under any circum-
stances, enter into debate, and that i will not ex-
ceed two minutes by the clock.
I desire only to say, here and now, in the sim-
plest and briefest terms, that I have received from
some of the most respectable merchants and ship-
owners of Boston the strongest testimonials of
Captain Ranlett's intelligence and integrity, repre-
senting him as second to no man in his profession,
in capacity or honesty, and speaking of him as
entitled to every degree of consideration and confi-
dence. I have received, also, from the same
sources, many statements going to confirm the ac-
curacy of the general facts whickwere set forth in
his letter, and proving clearly that, while there is
room«for the idea that his language has something
of that exaggeration which we might expect to find
in the off-hand, impulsive statement of one not
much accustomed to write letters for the public
eye, it was yet the letter of an honest man, who
knew what he was talking about, and who designed
to tell nothing but what was strictly true.
As the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Soule] has
kindly proposed to make an explanation on the
subject of the Louisiana law, I will not anticipate
him on that point.
I propose, however, without troubling the Sen-
ate further at this time, to append hereafter to
these brief remarks the evidence which i have re-
ceived on this subject, including the deposition on
oath of Captain Ranlett himself.
I feel bound to say publicly to the Senator from
South Carolina, [Mr. Butler]—to whom I have
already shown this deposition—that it proves that
he was correct in thinking that a question of sal-
vage entered into the particular case which was
described in the letter; but that it proves, also, that
the case was adjudicated by the Chamber of Com-
merce of Charleston, South Carolina, who bore
testimony to the good conduct of Captain Ranlett
on the occasion.
But \ will not trespass further on the indulgence
of the Senate, except to repeat that, with the sim-
ple view of vindicating the character of an honest
Boston shipmaster—of most respectable connec-
tions, who has been m ♦.he merchant service for
thirty years, discharging hio duty without fear and
without reproach, and whoa* character for hu-
manity ia attested by the fact that within two
Sept. 28,
years past he has saved twenty-three persons from
a sinking ship, which had been previously passed
by another vessel—I intend to place upon the
same record which contains the imputations which
have been cast upon him the statements which
have been furnished me in regard to the law and
the facts in question.
[The evidences upon this subject will hereafter
be published.]
Mr. SOULE. I feel much relieved from the
opportunity which is offered me of correcting an
error into which I fell, most involuntarily, when
the subject referred to by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was last before the Senate. I was under
the impression that the law from which I read had
never been altered, but was still then as it stood
prior to 1842. I have since discovered that a sub-
sequent statute had modified the condition of
things existing under thelaw'of 1830, with respect
to people of color coming on board of ships from
other States to Louisiana, so as to require the har-
bor-masters to report them to the municipal au-
thorities, who thereupon are to- issue warrants for
the arrest of such persons. But this law goes no
further in its severity. On the contrary, it pro-
vides for the extradition of persons thus arrested
to the State from whence they come—at their cost,
it they are able to pay them; at the cost of the State,
if they are not.
Such being the law of Louisiana since 1842, it
seemed to me that it was not only natural, but
right and proper, that it should have been enforced.
Presuming this, I immediately wrote a telegraphic
dispatch to the recorder of the first municipality of
New Orleans, in order to ascertain whether or not
the cases under the law last mentioned were such
as to give countenance to the loud clamors raised
on the assertion that there were no less than hun-
dreds that occurred in a single year. The answer
which I have obtained, and which I hold in my
hand, shows that the cases in the first municipality
during the whole period which has elaps^fi since
1842 hardly reach one hundred ; and, allowing an
equal number to each of the other two municipali-
ties, we have an average ratio of twelve a year
for each. I desire to set myself right with respect
to this matter, as nothing has ever been further
from my mind than to do the least injustice to any
human being, be he from what quarter he may, by
any erroneous assertion into which I may have
been betrayed. 1 wish, therefore, to have the'm
corrected, so far as what I have said goes, and to
exonerate the person alluded to in the former de-
bate from any imputation based on a statement of
the law and of the facts under it not in accordance
with the statement made here.
Mr. BUTLER. I would not on any consider-
ation have any gentleman suffer by anything that
might take place in the conflict of debate; and when
my friend from Massachusetts appeals to me to do
justice to an individual whose name has been in-
volved, and whose character has somewhat by
implication been reflected upon on such an occa-
sion, 1 will, in a very few words, so far as I can,
comply with his request. That these northern
shipmasters should have a decided opposition to
the law of South Carolina and other southern ports,
by which colored persons are committed to prison,
I am not at all surprised; and that, under the in-
fluence of their feelings, (and I pardon much to
them,) they should have made somewhat exagger-
ated statements, is perhaps naturally to be ex-
pected. I am sure that the candor of Captain
Ranlett will concede the truth of what I have just
said. His candor, too, has convinced me that he
is willing to rebut the inferences which might have
been drawn from the statements which have here-
tofore been made by his letter; and the certificate
of the Chamber of Commerce of Charleston
satisfies me that he is a respectable man. No
temptation on earth, so far as 1 know myself,
could induce me to do injustice to any individual
in our political strife; but I am inclined to think
that, with a strong feeling of opposition to this
law, Captain Ranlett has, as he says himself, in-
dulged in somewhat exaggerated statements. As
an evidence of that I must state, injustice to the
law itself and the practice under it, that in South
Carolina no individual has ever been sold under
that law. I wish that point to be remembered.
And, so far as concerns the two individuals of
whom Captain Ranlett has spoken, they of course
were released; how released, I will not undertake
to say, but I am rather inclined to think .by the
persons to whom the vessel was consigned. My
friend from Louisiana has said that there were
about some thirty a year arrested in Louisiana,
and I suppose that not one-half that number have
been arrested in South Carolina. And, sir, I am
confident there has been nofdisposition of late to
enforce that law, in a way to make it painful to the
northern shippers. I measure my words, sir, and,
so far as regards the English seamen, I believe
there is a willingness to modify the law to-morrow.
And, so far as regards even the colored men from
the North, I think we would be willing to modify
it. I am now stating what I believe to be strictly
true, so far as regards Captain Ranlett. I must be
permitted to say that, from the evidence of my
friend from Massachusetts, I will not, upon a mat-
ter of personal consideration, allow myself to do
anything that he will not, upon his own personal
responsibility, endorse.
Mr. BERRIEN. The Senate has permitted
explanatory remarks with reference to a discus-
sion which took place the other day; and, having
participated in that discussion, I desire to say
now a very few words. I do not understand the
statement made to-day to deny that the represent-
ation which was made on that occasion was an
exaggerated one; nor do I understand the state-
ment which has been made to-day to have ref-
erence to that to which I then replied, which was
the statement made by a boarding-house keeper in
New York. So far as regards that statement, it
stands precisely upon the footing upon which it
stood in the former debate. But what I desire
particularly to say on this occasion, with reference
to the validity of those laws which have been called
in question, (as on a former occasion a decision of
a learned judge of the circuit court was referred
to, and an opinion of Mr. Attorney General
Wirt,) is, that whenever it shall be the pleasure of
gentlemen disposed to question the constitutional
right of the southern States to pass laws which
are calculated to prevent the introduction within
their limits of persons disposed to excite survile
insurrection, 1 shall be prepared to show, by the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States that it is a power which is undeniable and
undenied by that high tribunal.
The subject here dropped.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN CALIFORNIA 
PRINTING—INDIAN VOLUNTEERS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, returning Senate bill No. 315—
being the bill to create certain collection districts
in California—with various amendments.
Also, that they had concurred in the resolution
of the Senate suspending the I6th joint rule so
far as relates to the joint resolution of the Senate
relating to auditing and settling the accounts for
printing.
Also, that they had passed a resolution suspend-
ing the 16th joint rule so far as relates to House
bill No. 6, "for the payment of a company of
Indian volunteers called into the service of the
United States;" in which resolution the concur-
rence of the Senate was asked.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of said resolution, and the same was agreed to.
A message was received from the House stating
that they had passed House bill No. 6, for the
payment of a company of Indian volunteers
called into the service of the United States.
CHARLES LEE JONES.
Mr. DAW SON. I have a small amendment to
offer, which I understand the sentiments of the
Committee on Finance approve, and I want to
see it incorporated in this bill:
<k For compensation to Charles Lee Jones, under the act
of Congress passed June 2,1848, for expenses incurred and
services rendered in raising and transporting a company of
volunteers mustered and received into the service of the
United Slates, in the war with Mexico, $1,669 25, with ia-
terest from the 8th of June, 1847."
Mr. HUNTER. Did 1 understand the Senator
from Georgia to say that the Committee on Pi-
nance were in favor of that amendment?
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir. I said the sentiments
of the committee were in favor of it.
Mr. HUNTER. I must say, in relation to that
matter, that, if the Senator will bring it up as a
separate matter, I have no doubt it will receive
the sanction of the Senate. Mr. Jones is no doubt
entitled to compensation; but, if the principle is
introduced of allowing private claims to be tacked
to the appropriation bills, we must do equal justice
