1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2067
to all. Therefore I must refuse to support this
amendment, because there are others equally mer-
itorious that will be excluded.
The amendment was rejected.
No further amendments being offered, the bill
was reported to the Senate.
The various amendments were then concurred
in, and were ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. HUNTER asked the unanimous consent to
have the bill passed.
No objection being]made, the bill was read a
third time and passed.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO EMPLOYEES.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, moved a resolution granting extra compensa-
tion, of $2p0 each, to the doorkeepers, pages, &c.,
of the Senate.
Mr. YULEE moved, as an amendment, the
gratuity of $100 to John Sheahan, a very merito-
rious attache of the Senate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITCOMB demanded the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. YULEE. As many gentlemen were not
paying attention when I offered my amendment,
1 will vary it to $50, and move it again.
Mr. BENTON. If the Senate understood this
case, they would not object to it. This man has
been standing on one leg at our service for ten
months. [Laughter.]
Mr. J ONES desired to amend the amendment
by inserting the same sum for the negro man who
keeps the stable.
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senator will allow
the question to be taken first on my amendment,
and offer his afterwards.
Mr. JONES assented.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Yiilee, no quorum voted.
Mr. BENTON. I really think gentlemen do
not yet understand this case. This Mr. Sheahan
is a lame man, and has been standing on one leg
for ten months past. I think, therefore, every
gentleman who has got two legs ought to stand up
for this man. [Great laughter.]
Mr. BRIGHT. The rules which control the
action of this body are reduced to law. I do not
know the individual spoken of as an officer of this
body. If he is an attache, as he is termed, and as
such is entitled to pay, 1 am willing to give it to
him; but I am not willing to sit here and vote
away the public funds without some good and suf-
ficient reason. I think this gentleman has about
as much claim to fifty dollars or one hundred dol-
lars as the officers have to the extra compensation
which it is proposed to give in this resolution.
We employ some forty or fifty officers connected
with this body on a regular salary; and for the
last few years we have been in the habit of giving
them at the end of the session some two hundred
and fifty dollars each extra pay, which is a very
liberal grant. We are now going beyond, and not
only giving them this extra two hundred and fifty
dollars, but two months' additional pay. This is
in keeping with the spirit of progress in this body
in the way of appropriations. I know the hostili-
ty that I shall incur by taking this position; but I
think the proposition to give extra pay to any of
these salaried or paid officers is wrong, and I shall
vote against it. We give these persons very high
compensation for their services; and though I have
hitherto acquiesced in giving this two hundred and
fifty dollars extra at the end of the session, yet
when it comes to giving two months' additional
pay, it has got beyond what I am willing to go.
This last proposition caps the climax—it is the
finishing stroke. We first give an individual a
place, allow him to occupy a room free of expense
to sell fruit and other refreshments in the Capitol,
and at the end of the session we vote for a propo-
sition classing him among the officers of the Sen-
ate, and give him extra pay. I think it is useless
to consume time upon such a question.
Mr. DICKINSON. If we can have a vote upon
this question, well and good; but if the discussion
starts off again, I shall move to lay the whole
matter on the table, for I want to make a report.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Yulee, it was lost—ayes 18, noes 18.
The question recurring on the resolution report-
ed by the committee,
Mr. BRIGHT demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question being taken on the resolution, it
was carried—yeas 27, nays 13; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Benton,
Berrien, Cass, Cooper, Davis of Mississippi, Dawson, Dod«e
of Wisconsin, Ewing, Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Houston,
Jones, Mangum, Norris, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Soul£,
Sturgeon, Wales, Walker, Wmlhrop, and Yutee—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnwell, Bright, Chase, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts, Dickinson, Feleb, King, Morton, Piatt, Smith,
Spruance, Underwood, and Whitcomb—13.
THE BOUNTY LAND BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that they insisted on
their disagreement to the Senate's amendments to
the bounty land bill, and had appointed a commit-
tee of conference, and asked that the Senate would
appoint a like committee.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That Messrs. Hale, Shields, and Smith be said
committee.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the committee of con-
ference on the part of the Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill making
an appropriation for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government, made a report. The
three matters excluded from the agreement of the
two Houses, (said the honorable gentleman) are
in relation to the mileage question, the printing
i question, and to raising the salary of the chief ot
1 the medical bureau. The other amendments are
agreed upon, and I believe pretty equitably ad-
justed between the two Houses. It would take
considerable time to go over all the amendments,
and 1 will therefore move at once that the Senate
concur in the report so far as the committee have
agreed.
The PRESIDENT. The bill cannot pass.
Mr. DICKINSON. No; but we shall have at-
tained so much, and, if further conference is ne-
cessary, why we can appoint a committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for information.
If we concur in the report of the committee so far
as they have agreed, can the bill pass without the
other subjects being disposed of?
Several Senators. No; certainly not. \
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then why should we
" make two bites of a cherry?" If the bill can-
not pass without a further report, why should we
not wait until the whole matter is reported on ?
Mr. BADGER. Will my honorable friend al-
low me to interrupt him? The report is, that in
the matters to which he now refers, the committee
have tried their best and cannot agree.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. So much the worse.
Mr. BADGER. Well, and are we to wait until
they agree, when they tell us they cannot agree
at all?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to make a sug-
gestion 
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, I would sug-
gest that the Senate can agree first to what the
committee have agreed to, and then the question
will arise whether the Senate will adhere to their
views relative to the other matters about which they
disagree, or whether they will recede from their
position. If they recede, there is an end of the
whole matter.
Mr. DICKINSON. This matter of the proper
course of proceeding was examined by the joint
committee, and we supposed that it was proper for
the committees to agree upon what they could, and
to so report. We have agreed how all the amend-
ments shall be disposed of except three. The first
question, then, is whether the Senate will concur
in that part of the report in which we agreed; and
then the question will be whether we will adhere
to or recede from our position in regard to the re-
maining matters.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. We understand it now.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move that so much of the
report as the committees agreed on be concurred
in.
•Tire motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKINSON. I now call for the reading
of the first amendment, which is one of those re-
specting which the committees could not agree.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am inclined to think that
sufficient confidence might be reposed in the report
of the committee to allow the same action upon
the points of disagreement a3 upon those of con-
currence. We have sustained the action of the
committee in concurring in all but the three disa-
greements. Reposing the same confidence in the
committee, we might resolve to adhere-——-
Mr. EWING. Further to insist.
Mr. BERRIEN. Or further to insist, if that
be the technical term, in these three amendments.
I submit to you,that motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hope the
amendments will be read.
Mr. DICKINSON/ If we refuse to agree, we
can have further conference.
Mr. BADGER. It is no use reading the amend-
ments, and it may lead to debate.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, yes; let them be read.
The Secretary then xead the first amendment,
concerning which the committees of conference
were unable to agree, as follows:
Strike out the following:
"Provided, That the mileage of Senators, Representa-
tives, and Delegates, shall hereafter be computed on the
route by which the mails are transported from the capital to
the residence of such Senator, Representative, or Delegate:
Jind, provided, further, That no such member of either
branch of Congress residing east of the Rocky mountains
shall receive more than $1,000 for each session, and no
suchmember or Delegate residing west of the Rocky moun-
tains shall receive more than $2,000 mileage for eacii ses-
sion. Nor shall any member of the Senaie receive mileage
for any session of that body which maybe called within
thirty days after the adjournment of both Houses of Con-
gress, unless the travel for which such mileage is charged
has been actually perfomed."
Mr. DIKINSON. The Senate struck that out
and added a proviso to it, making the certificate of
the Presiding Officer conclusive upon the account-
ing officer. The House agreed to the proviso
making the certificate of the Presiding Officer ab-
solute, but disagreed to the striking out. The
question now is, " Will the Senate insist upon
striking it out or recede from it ? I move that we
insist.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is that equivalent to a
motion to recede?
Mr. DICKINSON. Oh, no; quite the reverse.
The PRESIDENT. Quite the reverse. The
proposition is to insist.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand that; but
if we negative this proposition, is that equivalent
to receding ?
Mr. RUSK. Undoubtedly.
The PRESIDENT. It would be so considered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
insist on the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The Secretary then read the 18th amendment,
being the next upon which the committees of con-
ference were unable to agree, as follows:
Strike out—
" P*or compensation of chief of the bureau of medicine
and surgery, and of the assistant surgeon, clerks, and mes-
senger in his office, $6,800."
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
" For the annual salary of the chief of the bureau of
medicine and surgery, $3,000.
u For arreais ol salary of the chief of the bureau of medi-
cine and surgery, provided by the act of third March, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-nine, @500.
" For compensation of the assistant surgeon, clerks, and
messengers in the office of the chief of the bureau of medi-
cine and surgery, $4,000."
Mr. DICKINSON. This amendment is for the
purpose of raising the salary of the chief of the
medical bureau to|3,000 from $2,500. Last year we
designed to fix the salary at $3,000, and the money
was appropriated, but by mistake the salary was
not raised, although the money was appropriated.
We now fix the salary at $3,000, and appropriate
$500 to correct the error of last year. The House
refuses either to appropriate the extra $500 or to
increase the salary.
Mr. BERRIEN. I desire to say upon this sub-
ject that, in consequence of the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Navy, Congress did at its
last session pass a law by which they intended to
put this officer upon the footing of the other chiefs
of bureaus in that department—to raise his salary
to $3,000. They appropriated $500 in addition to
the aggregate appropriation for the payment of the
officers'of this bureau; but the Comptroller—inas-
much as these $500 were not specifically appro-
priated to the chief of the bureau—refused to al-
low him to receive that amount, although by hia
decision the $500 appropriated by Congress re-
mained unexpended. The committee, on applica-
tion, incorporated in this bill an amendment by
which they carried into execution the intention of
Congress at the last session, and which Congress
believed was carried into execution at the time.
The question, therefore, is, whether we will ad-
here to a law passed at the last session of Congress^
