2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which placed this officer on an equal footing with
the other officers in his department, or whether we
will allow him to be deprived of it by the decision
of the Comptroller?
Mr. DICKINSON. I move that we further in-
sist on our amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary then read the third amendment
upon which the committee were unable to agree.
It was the amendment in relation to the printing.
Mr. DICKINSON. I move that we insist on
that amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that we recede.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is made to
insist.
Mr. HAMLIN. Does not the motion to recede
take precedence ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks not.
The motion to insist was submitted first.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the motion to recede
takes precedence.
Mr. DICKINSON. The motion to insist comes
first in order, and it is the usual form.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition to insist
is first in order.
Mr. DICKINSON called for the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. Oh, no; it is not necessary.
Mr. BERRIEN. I hope the yeas and nays are
not necessary on this question. We have certain
points of disagreement between the two Houses.
We propose a further committee of conference. I
hope we do not mean to strip our own committee
of their strength, and to divest them of their power,
by withdrawing any portion of the disagreement
which exists between the two Houses. I hope we
shall insist.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays.
The motion to insist was adopted on a division
-—ayes 22, noes not counted.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to consider the bill providing
for collection districts in California, which was re-
turned from the House-with various amendments;
and, after a brief explanation or statement of the
amendments made to the bill in the House, the.
Senate concurred in them.
On motion by Mr. DAYTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill to extend
the laws and judicial system of the United States
to the State of California, which had been re-
turned from the House with sundry amendments.
Mr. DAYTON. The Senate will observe that
the salary of the judges are reduced from §5,500
to $3,500, and from $4,000 to §2,800. In the sec-
ond place, they have brought the fees of the clerks
and marshals, after four years, to the same stand-
ard as those in the southern district of the State of
New York; and the next important amendment is
merely a provision for the removal of such suits as
are now pending in the courts of California to the
United States courts which may have jurisdiction
of the questions.
We are satisfied that the provision with regard
to salaries does injustice to the judges who may
be appointed for the State of California. They
are too small; but we can raise them hereafter;
and, upon consultation with the Senators from
California, we have determined, under all the cir-
cumstances which surround us, to advise the Sen-
ate to concur in the amendments of the House. I
make that motion.
Mr. GWIN. Nothing could induce me to con-
cur in these amendments but the belief, on my part,
that if we do not concur in them the bill will be
lost. I am confident that it will be impossible to
get competent men to fill these judgeships, who
will continue in ofiice at the present salaries. I i
give notice now that early in the next session I
shall move to increase the salaries of these judges,
with the hope that Congress will agree to' it, and
that the President may be enabled to appoint com-
petent men.
The amendments of the House were then con-
curred in.
Mr. GWIN asked for the printing of the report,
submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury, of the i
special agent sent to California, in relation to the
customs there, together with five hundred extra
copies.
The PRESIDENT. That motion goes to the :
Committee on Printing.
Mr. GWIN. I hope there will be no objection ;
to ordering it: it is an important document. |
The PRESIDENT. The question of printing
goes to the Committee on Printing.
Subsequently, Mr. HAMLIN, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred the above
report, reported it back, and recommended the
printing of it, together with the five hundred addi-
tional copies.
The motion to print was agreed to.
^SECURITY FOR THE LIVES OF PASSENGERS,
j/ The Senate took up; the bill providing for the
! better security of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled by steam.
; Mr. DAVIS. The understanding this morning
1 was, that that bill should be postponed to next
i session, because it could not get through the Sen-
ate without debate. I therefore move to lay it on
. the table, so that it may take its place on the cal-
endar next session.
The motion was agreed to.
THE NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
_ A message v. as received from the House, stating
, that they had agreed to the amendments of the
1 Senate to the bill making appropiiations for the
1 naval service of the United States for the year
I ending June 30,1851, with one exception, to which
; they had disagreed.
J On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
i ceeded to consider said amendment, which was
, as follows:
" Insert before the words iJlnd provided,' in the follow-
ing clause, the words < on nomination by the delegation to
I Congress from said State, or a majority of the-in
! I " That no midshipman in the navy Khali be appointed
i, from any congressional district having at the time of ap-
l! pointment more than two officers of that grade in the navy
! [ from such district; and whenever an appointment shall be
made from any State, the person so appointed shall be an
j actual resident of the congressional district fiom which the
I appointment puiports to be made: Jl>id provided, further,
: That ^ueh congressional district of any State as may not
have any midshipman in the navy at the time an appoint-
ment may be made from said State shall be entitled to at
least one appointment before any other shall be made from
any district m the State having one or more officers of that
grade in the navy."
Mr. H. said: 1 think that the subject embraced
by that amendment had better be postponed till
next session, and I move that the Senate recede
from that amendment.
And the motion was agreed to.
INDIAN VOLUNTEERS.
A bill providing for the payment of a company
of Indian volunteers, called and mustered into the
service of the United States by Col. Kearny, was
received from the House, read a second time, and,,
on motion by Mr. HUNTER, was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Subsequently, Mr. RUSK, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the above
bill, reported it back, recommending its passage,
and asked for its immediate consideration.
The PRESIDENT. Jt requires unanimous
consent.
No objection being .made, it was considered as
in Committee of the Whole, and, no amendment
being offered, it was reported to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I would like some explanation
of the bill. Is it in relation to that company we
have already appropriated for in the Indian appro-
priation bill ?
Mr. RUSK. I think not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I will state the
facts of this case. It is in relation to a company
of Arkansas Indians, who were called into service
by Col. Kearny at the beginning of the Mexican
war, and employed on the frontier, but because
they were Indians they were not paid. The Ad-
jutant General states that they were the only com-
pany of all the volunteers who entered at the be-
ginning of the Mexican war who were not paid.
They have performed important service.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
WILLIAM WHICHER.
On motion by Mr. NORRIS, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the con-
sideration of the bill from the House for the relief
of William Whicher, and the same was reported
to the Senate, and read a third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Senate bill No. 237,
to provide compensation to such persons as may
be designated by the Secretary of the Treasury to
receive and keep the public money, under the fif-
teenth section of the act of sixth August, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, for the additional services
Sept. 28,
required under that act; which was considered as
in Committee of the Whole, reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed, and was read-a third
time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the 16th joint
rule was suspended to enable this bill to be sent to
the House of Representatives.
Mr. BERRIEN. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business,
as there is much important business on the exec-
utive calendar.
Mr. CASS. Yes, there is important business to
be done. There are one hundred nominations not
yet acted on.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 do hope that the Senate, of
whom I have asked, perhaps, fewer favors than
any other gentleman on the floor, will not go into
executive session just yet, but will do ?n act of ex-
treme and exact justice. I hope the Senate will
not proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness just now.
Mr. BERRIEN. I must insist on my motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Before that vote
is taken, I have a remark or two to make to the
Senate, and then L propose to ask a vote of the
Senate on a joint resolution of the House, which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and reported back with an amendment. At
this late period of the session I shall waive the
amendment, and only ask the Senate to pass the
resolution, which is a joint resolution " explan-
atory of certain acts therein mentioned." It is in-
tended for the benefit of widows and orphans.
Unlike the Senator from North Carolina, I have
very frequently asked favors of the Senate, and
they have been very often kindly granted. I have
another to ask now. It is not for myself; it is for
the widows and orphans of those who have died
in the service of the country. This joint resolu-
tion is necessary to be enacted at this session of
Congress, and I claim of the Senate the few min-
utes which will be required to pass it and send it
back to the House.
The PRESIDENT. There is a proposition
pending to go into executive session.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to lay it on the table,
with a view to take up the joint resolution of the
House to which I have referred.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to lay on the
table is strictly parliamentary, but the uniform
usage of the Senate has been to put the question
on the motion to go into executive session. The
Chair will therefore put that motion, and the Sen-
ate can vote it down if they think proper.
The motion to go into executive session was
rejected on a divison—ayes 22, noes 22.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, the
Senate then considered, as in Committee of the
Whole, joint resolution No. 10, " explanatory of
certain acts therein mentioned,'' and,no amend-
ment being made thereto, it was reported to the
Senate, and read a third time and passed.
THE BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bounty land bill, reported that the commit-
tees had agreed that the Senate should recede from
their amendments.
The amendments having been read,
Mr. BALDWIN expressed a hope that the
Senate would not recede.
Mr. BADGER asked the yeas and nays upon
the question of concurrence with the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. As I under-
stand this, it excludes the sailors and marines from
the benefits of the bill.
Mr. DICKINSON. The question is, whether
the report of the committee of conference shall be
adopted or not.
The question being taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Bright, Butler, Cass,
Chase, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Downs, Evving, Felcli, Foote, Houston, Jones, King,
Morton, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Sturgeon, Turncy, Under-
wood, and Wlutcomb—3i.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, liarnwell, Berrien,
Clarke, Davis of Massachusetts, Dawson, Dayton, Greene,
Hale, Hamlin, Mangum, Norris, Pratt, Spruance, Waie3,
Walker, and Winthrop—18,
So the report of the committee was concurred
in, and the Senate receded from the two amend-
ments.
THE ARMY BILL.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
