974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
early passage of the bill. Now, the House per-
fectly well understood that the Government of the
United States had parted with all the property it
had in this land; but it placed a restriction upon
the people of the town of Tuscaloosa, that the
property should not be leased or sold. It seemed,
however, that the people who were interested in
havinga public road made there, and in the con-
veniences which necessarily attached to such a
public improvement, asked the privilege of leasing
a very small portion of the property. It was a
matter which concerned the constituents of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.'Inge,] and con-
cerned them alone. And upon what pretext was
it that the House could interfere with these private
concerns? Upon what pretext of public interest
or public advantage was such interference to be
justified ?
Mr. SCHENCK interposed, and desired to ex-
plain.
"Mr. STANTON yielded the floor for the pur-
pose.
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to refer to the
fact, stated by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Inge,] that the bill had been acted upon in the Sen-
ate without previous reference to a committee.
An explanation of the object of the bill had been
made in that body, and (by some sort of courtesy)
the bill had been passed. Now, of the merits of
the bill, he (Mr. S.) knew nothing. It might be
all right and proper; but he thought that the very
fact that the bill had passed the Senate without
any examination at all, was a sufficient reason
why it ought to receive examination here.
Mr. STANTON, (resuming.) The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] says that by some sort
of courtesy, this bill was passed through the Senate.
It was passed by a very proper sort of courtesy.
Mr. INGE interposed, and (the floor having
been yielded for the purpose) was understood to
say, that, when the bill was before the Senate, a
motion had been made to refer ;t to a committee,
but that, on an explanation of its object being
made, the bill was put upon its passage.
Mr. STANTON, resumed. He was (he said)
remarking upon the " courtesy" alluded to by the
gentleman from Ohio. He (Mr. S.) regretted that
there was not more of the same sort of courtesy
in this House—a courtesy which would allow
those persons who alone were, or could be inter-
ested m a bill wbieh was merely formal in its
character, to dispose of matters belonging pecu-
liarly to themselves. If there was anything in
the lull which could be of general interest—any-
thing which could affect the interests of the Govern-
ment or the people of the United States, he would
be willing that all sorts of delay should be inter-
posed, and that the matter should be referred to a
committee. But it seemed to him that, in the pres-
ent case, there was no sort of necessity for refer-
ring the hill to a committee; and he hoped that the
House, after the explanation which had been made
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Inge,]
would concur with him (Mr. S.) that it was right
and proper that the bill should be put upon its
passage.
Mr. VINTON (very doubtfully heard in the
distance) was understood to say, he supposed that
the Government of the United States had some
rights in the matter embraced in the bill before the
Huuse, which would render proper its reference
to a committee. That there must be some such
ri ht was manifest from the fact, that the bill was
brought here at all. He objected, therefore, to its
being put upon its passage in this sudden and in-'
considerate manner. And m order that some ex-
amination mijjht be given to it, he would move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
And on that motion he demanded the previous
question.
"Mr INGE appealed to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vinton*] to wuhdiaw the demand for the pre-
vious^quemoii, to enable him (Mr. I.) to say afe<v
words in explanation.
Mr. VIN TON. Will the gentleman renew it?
Mr. INGE. I will.
Mr. VINTON. Then I withdraw the motion.
So the demand for the previous question was
withdrawn.
Mr. INGE said he felt much surprised at the
opposition which had been manifested to the pas-
sage of this bill. As the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Stanton] had very justly remarked, the
bill was a local bill, affecting the interests of the
people in that immediate region, and involving in
no degree the general interests of the Government
or the people of the United States. It had come be-
fore the House in the regular order of bills on the
Speaker's table, on a day which, by the rules of
the House, was set aside for the consideration of
bills not affecting the general interests or welfare of
the Union, and upon which, therefore, its passage
might be appropriately urged. It was a bill
which affected the inhabitants of Tuscaloosa and
the surrounding country—a country which, by
the construction of the road to which he had re-
ferred, would be connected with the Black War-
rior river. The House certainly had failed to
comprehend the fact that the Government of the
United States had no possible interest in the mat-
ter; for he felt sure that if that point had been
sufficiently understood, the House would not per-
severe in its course of opposition. The land upon
the margin of the river had been granted for ever
to the inhabitants of the town of Tuscaloosa, for
their use and convenience. This Government, or
the people of the United States, with the excep-
tion of the inhabitants of that town, had no inter-
est in that margin. The question was whether
the terminus of the road should be separated from
the river, and the company be obliged to establish
its warehouses and buildings some hundred yards
from it, or whether the corporation should be per-
mitted to lease the margin, and establish their
warehouses and buildings upon it? The proceeds
arising from the lease would go to the Corporation
of Tuscaloosa. The land had been given to that
corporation upon condition that it should not be
leased or sold. This he had already explained. All
that was proposed to be done by this bill was, to
remote that restriction, so as to allow that corpo-
ration to lease H. The proceeds of the lease, as
he had stated, would go into the treasury of the
Town Corporation, to which the land belonged.
He must repeat, that the Government of the
United States had no interest in the matter. The
I river margin had all been given to the inhabitants
I by the act of 1824, and the object of the bill was
| to enable them to enjoy the lull benefits of that
j grant. With this understanding of the object of
| the bill, it seemed a matter of astonishment to him
j that any gentleman could be opposed to us pas-
sage. Where was the necessity for its reference
! to a committee? It was important to the interests
! of the people in that part of the country that the
j bill should be passed now. The road was in the
j process of construction. It was desirable that the
! terminus should be ascertained now, so that me
company m'ght proceed with the work. Undre
: these circumstances he should regret to see the bill
• referred. The reference was wholly unnecessary.
' He hoped the House would not delay action upon
1 this btJI, when, for the purposes of the road, and
: for the convenience of the inhabitants, it was so
1 important that it should immediately become a
law. In compliance with the pledge he had given
j to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] and
j which was the condition upon which he had been
enabled to submit these few remaiks, he renewed
; the demand for the previous question.
! There was a second.
| And the mam question was ordered to be now
: taken. Which main question was, first, on refer-
1 ring the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
' The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
50 the bill was referred to the Committee on
Commeice.
; WIDOW OF GENERAL WORTH.
! The SPEAKER said, that there was on the
; Speaker's table, on the question of engrossment, a
; private bill from the Senate, for the relief of the
i widow of ihe late General Worth.
! Mr. BAYLY. I know that that bill must elicit
j! a good deal of debate. It is important that we
should act to-day on the deficiency bill. I move,
; therefore, that the rules be suspended, and that the
! House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
I on the state of the Union, fur the purpose of taking
I up that bill. ^
!i THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
| The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
: Bayly, ana decided m th^ affirmative, without a
division.
51 the House resolved itse'.finto Committee of
/ the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr, Burt,
' , of South Carolina, in the chair.)
Mr. BAYLY moved that the committee proceed
to the consideration of the deficiency bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
business before the committee. When the com-
mittee last rose, a motion, submitted by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] was pending,
that the committee proceed to the consideration of
the deficiency bill. The committee were dividing—
tellers had been appointed. The Chair now sup-
poses that if no objection is made, that bill may
be taken up.
Objections were made.
The CHAIRMAN thereupon stated the ques-
tion to be on the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] that the committee pro-
ceed to the consideration of the said bill.
The question was taken, and, by ayes 106, noes
not counted, was decided in the affirmative.
So thecommittee proceeded to the consideration
of the bill making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1850, which said bill had been
returned from the Senate with sundry amend-
ments-
The CHAIRMAN directed the Clerk to read
the amendments.
The fiist amendment having been read,
" For expenses of military reconnoissance in Texas, in-
cluding examination of a rwnv route from Sail Antonio,
Texas, to El Paso, in \Tew Mexico, made in the y«ar one
thousand tight hundred and forty-nine, three thousand nine
hundred and sixty-seven dollars and seventeen cents."
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
So the first amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment, providing for deficiency
of appropriation to Minnesota Territory, being
under consideration, as follows:
l( And for deficiencies in the appropriation for the salaries
of the governor, three judges, and secretary of the said
tetritory, for the present fi cal year, three thousand two
nundred and nine dollars <tud sixtj-aeven cents."
Mr. HALL said he should like to hear from the
| chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
i an explanation of the necessity of this amend-
, merit.
j Mr. BAYLY said, the necessity for the amend-
j ment was simply this: The governor and judges
J in Minnesota went into office early m March or
j! April; the appropriation for their salaries was for
ji the fiscal year in prospect—commencing the first
i| of July. This appropriation for their salaries
!| from March or April to July, was, therefore, ne-
cessary, and would, no doubt, have been made by
i the last Congress, had not the necessity been over-
1 j looked.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
; The fourth amendment, to limit the application
of the appropriation to the Patent Office building,
being under consideration, was read, as follows:
! "Toward-, the completion of the ea^t \vm« of the Patent
: OfJic e building, a< cording to the original plan, and placing
. the west wing in a slate of stcurity."
; Mr. BAYLY said he would merely say to the
. House,as thisamendmen* had heretofore given rise
to a good deal of debate, that the simple alteration
which the Senate made was to confine the appro-
: priauon to the completion of the east wing of the
, Patent Office, and that it stopped the work upon the
| west wmg, which the wants of the Government
! did not require, except so far as to hecuie that
which had already been done. This amendment
of the Senate must, therefore, make the appiopria-
tion more acceptable to those who had opposed it
i m this House.
The question was taken, and decided in the af*
firmative.
! Sn the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, proposed to of-
1 fer an amendment to the amendment.
'■ Mr. VINTON taised the point of order, that the
• Senate's amendment having been agreed to, it was
too late to amend it, and that it had passed from
the consideration of the committee.
The CH AIRM AN sustained the point of order,
' and ruled the amendment out of order.
The 3d, 5th, 6th, and 7th amendments of the
| Senate were agieed to without objection or amend-
ment.
.. CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF THE SENATE.
The following item of the eighth amendment be-
| irig under consideration, viz:
i t " For contingent expense* of the Senate, .f213,000
