.1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2071
Socle,] or to that proposition as it was subsequently-
proposed to be modified. 1 deeply regret it. I
think it was unfortunate. I did not thmk it was
liberal. ■ But upon that subject the House must, of
course, form its own judgment upon its own re-
sponsibility. I agree with the Senator from New
York that it will be inconvenient, that it.will pro-
duce much mischief, at the commencement of the
next session of Congress, to have no provision for
executing the public printing. But upon all these
things it is for the House to decide. They have
manifested an inflexible disposition to refuse all
concession, all compromise, all adjustment in re-
spect to the matter of printing. Under-such cir-
cumstances, I do not feel myself justified in risk-
ing this bill by insisting upon this amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I do; and I mean
to say this: that if the Senate of the United States
sanction the violation of principle involved in this
matter, more disgrace will result to the public, in
my opinion, than has resulted within the last
twenty years of our history. This matter is un-
derstood. All the facts connccted with this ques-
tion are understood. The vilest and most unprin-
cipled men of the Republic have pursued one of
the most virtuous men who ever has been known
to exist here, with a malignity unprincipled, un-
pardonable, fiendish. And shall we submit to it,
sir? Shall we exhibit the example hereafter to
discourage public virtue, and to encourage the
meanest principles of our nature ? The honorable
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] says
that the House of Representatives is " inflexible."
I hope that we shall be inflexible in support of
principle, and inflexible in opposition to wrong-
inflexible in support of justice, and inflexible in
opposition to the most unprincipled persecution
that has ever been attempted upon any man in this
country who had dared to maintain the principles
necessary to the continuance of our public honor
and the freedom of his country.
Mr. HALE. In all the discussions which have
taken place on this matter, 1 can appeal to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi that I have manifested no
opposition to Mr. Ritchit; but 1 have expressed
myself from the beginning willing to give him am-
ple justice. The Senator from Mississippi knows
that 1 have refrained from pressing a resolution of
inquiry which I introduced, as to the printing of
some decisions of the Supreme Court, at his per-
sonal request. I expressed myself always willing
to give Mr. Ritchie enough to make him whole,
but not to give him any profits. I have always
said so, and say so now. But I appeal to gentle-
men who have been so anxious that private claims
should not be ingrafted oil public bills to carry out
the principle now. How can those Senators who
voted against a war-worn veteran of the last war,
because they did not think it right to saddle such
a claim upon an appropriation bill, reconcile it to
their consciences to vote now to saddle on a public
bill, an appropriation bill, the claim of a veteran
printer? 1 hope we shall recede from our amend-
ment. We can certainly do Mr. Ritchie justice at
the next session of Congress.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 can assure the Senator
from New Hampshire that if this was a private
claim, however meritorious, I would not have as-
sisted'at any time in putting it upon this bill. But
I regard this as a question involving important
public interests. I did not vote, however, upon
the question to which the Senator refers, as I was
with the committee of conference.
Mr. FOOTE. It is painful to me, at this period
of the nigh r, and at so late a period of the session,
to disagree so decidedly as I do with the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] with whom
1 am much in the habit of agreeing upon questions
involving only the kindlier feelings of our nature.
Yet I must say that the Senator from New Hamp-
shire seems to have forgotten the history of the
country, and our own legislative proceedings, when
he undertakes to declare that he has exhibited
all the kindness, liberality, and justice-which he
declares, upon the present occasion, that he has
exhibited towards Mr. Ritchie. It is true that the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, some
two or three months ago, did have a fit of generos-
ity it is true that he did exhibit some appearance
of kindness towards the venerable man; but it is
eauatly true that since that period, as he is bound
to recollect—for it has been within a very few
days—he has acted the part that I have described.
He has manifested, in my opinion—and as I think
he will himself acknowledge in his calmer mo-
ments—the utmost opposition, the utmost hostil-
ity, to the rendition by the people of the United
States of the most simple and obvious justice to
this veteran printer. He has made remarks worth
denouncing, if 1 chose to use the language of de-
nunciation; because it presents a case where a vet-
eran printer is subjected to discredit and suffering,
which must awaken the sympathy and indigna-
tion of alt who belong to the same generation with
ourselves, and who have any regard for the pres-
ervation of justice in the civilized world. Sir, this
man has simply done his duty. He has simply
been a just man, an. honest man, a patriot, amain*
tainer of principle under peculiar circumstances—
under circumstances of temptation—under circum-
stances of trial, of difficulty, and of great perii.
Yet he is pursued and persecuted by a spirit of
fiendish malignity, most remarkable in our history,
and very contemptible in my estimation. He is
pursued by the meanest men m all the country. 1
wish 1 could mention the names of members of
both Houses who have pursued this policy; but 1
am not authorized to do that. But they are the
meanest, most profligate, most capable of perpe-
trating the meanest offences that can be committed
by men belonging to our Republic. At last the
question has been reached, whether we shall sac-
rifice him and our own honor, or whether we shall
maintain both by avenging his wrongs. Under
these circumstances, I can have no hesitation at all
about my vote. Other gentlemen may do as they
please; but 1 assure you, sir, that if it were the
last vote i had to give, and if the fate of the Re-
public were dependent upon my vote, I would vote
for sustaining Thomas Ritchie, and the mainte-
nance of the great principles that our forefatheis
have established, and which he has maintained, m
preference to giving support to the Government—
in preference to paying the officers of the Govern-
ment what they are entitled to at our hands. 1
should prefer that every officer of the Government
should wait until the first Monday in December
next, when he will receive the full recompense of
his official services; and I shall votem accordance
with these principles.
Mr. SOULE. On a former occasion I laid be-
fore the Senate the considerations which induced
me to present the amendment which is the subject
of the present debate. Since then 1 have deliber-
ately considered the measure itself, and the motives
which induced me to present it, and i could dis-
cover nothing that could alter the opinion which I
then formed and expressed. Such being the case,
1 feel it my duty to adhere to the amendment
which has been adopted by the Senate.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate should refuse to
recede- from its amendment, in what condition will
the bill then be?
The PRESIDENT. It must then go back to the
House.
Mr. MASON. It has been said that, as the
House have "adhered," if the Senate refuses to
recede the bill wili be lost.
The PRESIDENT. That will depend entirely
upon the action of the House. Their having ad-
hered docs not prevent them retracing their steps.
Mr. DICKINSON. If we should refuse to re-
cede, the bill will go hack to the House, and they
can either recede yet, or they can still adhere and
ask a further committee of conference. Sending
the bill back to the House jeopards it, undoubtedly,
but it does not lose it entirely.
Mr. BADGER. I understand from a member
of the House of Representatives that the case
stands in a more difficult position to be reached
than is apprehended. The House, as I understand,
adhered to their disagreement. A motion was
then made to reconsider that vote, which motion
was laid on the table. So that it is beyond the
control of the House, except by a two-thirds
vote.
Mr. FOOTE. That is my reason for entering
upon the course I first urged. The Senate ot the
United States may disgrace itself if it chooses; but
I undertake to assert that the basest men ot the
Republic are now under the influence of a spirit the
most malign to our institutions, and are urging
upon us to pursue a course which, if we consent to,
we shall never fail to regret.
Mr. DICKINSON, (interposing.) I hope my
friend from Mississippi will allow me one word.
We shall want all the time between the two Houses
if we insist, and I hope we shall, in order to get
the bill through. I hope he will allow us to vote,
and send the bill back.
Mr. FOOTE. I intend to do it after a while.
My honorable friend speaks occasionally, and for
the last few days he has spoken frequently, in spite
of all my remonstrances. He will allow me, there-
fore, to admonish him, and to act upon my own
principles. I do not feel authorized to Jet the pres-
ent opportunity pass by without denouncing,
with all my heart, the unsparing and unpardona-
ble malignity that marks the history of this Re-
public. I undertake to assert that these men are
pursuing now the purest—in my judgment the
most fearless, the most patriotic, the most noble,
the most Union-loving, the most self-sacrificing
republican editor that this country has ever pro-
duced; the friend of Jefferson, of Madison, of
Monroe, and of all the great men of the olden
times; while those who are pursuing him are the
most contemptible that have ever appeared in this
or any other nation since civilization was known
among men. Let others do as they please; for
myself, I am resolved to take a stand against them.
But I will not relinquish one atom of principle,
lest an example be furnished that may hereafter
prove deleterious to the great cause of popular
liberty. I wish to save this man—to save his char-
acter. I wish to save the principles that he has
maintained all his life, and save them immortally,
that other generations may understand that the
people who now live in thjs nation regard public
liberty, love virtue, hate wrong, despise vice, and
resolve to put down, so far as they can do so by
popular example, those principles that war with
the institutions of freedom. These are my views,
and therefore I shall vote in opposition to the
views of gentlemen who have spoken m favor of
receding. If it was the last vote I had to give in
the world, I would give it to show my respect, my
admiration, my veneration for the editor of the
Union, and my contempt and hatred for his ene-
mies and my anxiety to learn who they are, and
what they are—cieeping, mysteiious as they are.
Some of them, [ know, say, " Oh, we are very
friendly to Mr. Ritchie; we like the old man very
well, indeed; we like his paper exceedingly; but a
variety of little circumstances induce us at the pres-
ent time to oppose every principle of friendship
and justice towards him, which we would like to
exercise." But they hate him with a deadly
hate, and hate him because he loves his country.
They deserve n their vengeful hostility, to be recog-
nized, and not as the Lucius Catalines of the pres-
ent century, but as worse than Lucius Cataline,
worse than Benedict Arnold—to use the figure
employed a few days since so effectively by the
Senator from Texas. They are men who desira
thp disruption of our present social and political
ties—men who desire the disruption of our present
glorious Union—men who desire that our present
public quiet may be disturbed. These are the men
who have put sued this individual 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will be under
the necessity of interrupting the Senator 
Mr. FOOTJS. I suppose the Chair is under
that necessity, but I am under the necessity of
proceeding.
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to re-
cede from a certain amendment to the bill, and
that amendment is the subject under considera-
tion.
Mr. FOOTE. So I understand: the Chair and
myself agree perfectly about this matter. Having
given my views to the Chair, the Senate, and the
country, if the Senate chooses now, under the
piesent circumstances, to sacrifice this gallant man
merely for the sake of observing and paying re-
spect to precedent, all I have to say is, that I shall
lament it most deeply, and shall condemn the
Senate most decidedly. I shall by no means re-
joice in the triumph achieved by the House over
the Senate and over principle.
Mr. BRIGHT called for the yeas and nays
on receding from the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 15; as
follow:
YEAS—Mews. B'idgpr, Baldwin, BarnwHi, Bsll, Ber-
rien, (Jims**, Clarke, Cooper, Davis of MaswtrhuseltP, Daw-
son, Davlon, Ewmg, Fulcb, Fremont. G ecne, Hale, Ham-
lin, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Seward, Smith, Sj>*u«tuc&,
Un.iorwood, Wales, Walker, and Wnuhrop—:?7.
NAYS—Ma>sis. Atchison- Bright, Diekmson, Dodge of
Iowa, Downs, Footp, Gffin, Jones?, Km?, Mason, Noma
Rusk, Shields, SouM, and Whitcomb—15.
