2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sept. 30,•
So the Senate receded from its amendment.
' Mr. PRATT moved to adjourn to meet at nine
o'clock, a. m., on Monday; but, upon the state-
ment that the bill would fail if a quorum should
fail to be present in both Houses on Monday, he
withdrew it.
executive session.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate then, at i
four o'clock, a. m., proceeded to the consideration !
of executive business; and after some time spent ,
therein, the doors we(e reopened.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourn, it be to meet on (
Monday next, at nine o'clock. ' |
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, September 30, 1850.
Pursuant to motion, the Senate met this morning
at nine o'clock. i
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the reading of ■ i
the Journal was dispensed with.
bounty land bii-l.-
Mr. WALKER. In consequence of an unfor- .
tunate error in engrossing and enrolling what is j
called the bounty land bill, it becomes necessary .
this morning to pass an explanatory act. I there-
fore ask unanimous consent to introduce an act
supplementary to an actentitled "An act granting
bounty lands to certain-officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States."
Unanimous consent to introduce the bill was
granted, and it was read a first and second time, ,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr.- WALKER. The bill as it finally passed
was intended to provide that no warrant should be
assignable prior to the issue of the patent. In en-
grossingand enrolling the bill, the words " of the
patent," were left out; so that these warrants will
be assignable. This supplementary oiil is only to
correct that error. It provides that the act shall be
construed as if the words " of the patent" were in-
serted after the word " issue." That is all. There :
will be no sense in the section if this amendment
ie not made.
Mr. HALE. If I understand it, this amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin is to prevent
the assignability of th^warrap.t.
Mr. WALKER. It was an error in the en-
grossment, which cannot now be remedied. The j
only way to correct^that error is to pass this bill.
The departments, the President, and everybody
else connected with the matter would be in an em- i
barrassed situation if the bill should be left as it
now is.
Mr. JONES. A word only. A% it stands, the
warrants are assignable. There is no restriction
whatever. As reported by the committee and as ;
parsed, .they were not assignable. I am clearly
in favor of the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. The error is clearly a fortu-
nate one. The bill, as it formerly stood, com-
pelled the soldier to hold his warrant until he
should obtain his patent. Now he has a right to
dispose of the warrant as he pleases. I do not
wish to take from him that right.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that ,
the bill as it passed both Houses contained that
provision; but in the engrossment of the bill those
words were left out by mistake. The object of j
this supplementary act is merely to place this bill
as it passed both Houses.
No amendment being offered, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and was ordered to bs en-
grassed for a third reading.
Mr. WALKER asked that it be rear! a third
time by unanimous consent, and passed.
Mr. DAWSON objected.
Mr. WALKER. That is the end of it then. ,
But I never before have been so much astonished
in my life as to find that objection is made here by
the Senator from Georgia to a bill which is merely
to correct an error of the clerk in the engrossing >
of the bill. I make a personal appeal to my friend
to withdraw his objection, and to permit this bill,
which is merely explanatory, to pass.
The PRESIDENT. Injustice to the Secretary
I will call the attention of the Senate to the min-
utes, which show that the amendment was made
to the bill upon the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, in the exact words now stated by the
Senator from Wisconsin.
' Mr. DAWSON. 1 will look at the minutes. j States? and if &o, what grades, in addition to the present
: Mr. BENTON. It is now'made known to the !: organization, sb-mid be created?
: American Senate anil thp ftict will m tr. " What provisions are necessary to authorize officers of
, iimencan senate, ana tne tact will go to the the army to exercise civil functions in emergencies to be
i American people, that an amendment made by the j \ enumerated ? and what restraints are expedient to prevent
j Senate, and concurred in by the House, to prevent ' " " '
1 frauds upon the owners of this property, by pre-
> venting it from being sold until the issue of the
patent, and the word " patent" being left out by
a mistake of the engrossing clerk, and being left
out defeating the intention of the whole act—when
this is found out and made known, and when the
bill is upon its third reading, which is to prevent
that fraud, it is.stopped by the vote of one single
member upon a point of order. These facts shall
go to the American people.
Mr. DAWSON, (interposing.) The Senator
need not get into a rage 
Mr. BENTON. Why, it is enough to put a
man into a rage. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWSON. I was about to say that I
find from the minutes of the Secretary that the
amendment was properly presented; that it was
incorporated upon the bill, and voted upon by the
body; and the error was in the engrossing clerk.'
That being the case, I withdraw the opposition.
But if it had been merely that these words were
omitted by the amendment when intended to be
.. -) prevent
; such officers from usurping tlie powers of civil function-
! aries?"
| PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
> On motion by Mr. RUSK,
I " Ordered, That the heirs of Kapbael Garcia, deceased,
; nave Jeave to withdraw from the files of the Senate the
papers relating fo said claim,"
'! On motion by Mr. MORTON,
" Ordered, That Henry A. Nunes have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers irom the files of the Senate."
j NEW ORLEANS CUSTOM-HOUSE.
, Mr.'SOtTLE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, and agreed to;
|j " Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
,, quested to inform the Senate of the condition of the eus-
, I tom-house now in progress of construction at New Orleans,
i; and of the causes that brought about the removal of the
i architect orginaliy intrusted with the superintendence of
• said building."
On motion by Mr. SEWAED, the Senate pro-
I: ceeded to the consideration of executive busmess,
and remained therein until two minutes to twelve
'■ o'clock.
The Senate appointed a committee to wait upon
, retained in the bill, I say to the Senator from Mis-: __ . , ^
! souri that I should have insisted upon the objec- t".ePresident of the United States* m conjunction
tion. But I find that I objected when it was not '.\ Wlth ^committee of the House of Representatives,
. objected
the mistake of the Senator, but when the bill was
i wrongly engrossed, and consequently not the bill jj
! which passed the body. !j
| Mr. BENTON. That was just what put me in
t what the Senator was pleascd'to term "a rage "
: [Laughter.] |j
The PRESIDENT repeated the statement tkat
: it was no error either of the Senator or of the 1
Secretary of the Senate, but solely of the engross-
ing clerk.
Mr. E YVINGr. Such mistakes will occur when ,
they are kept writing until after midnight every '(
night.
The objection having been withdrawn, the bill
was read a third time and passed.
Mr. WALKER moved that the 16th and 17th
joint rules be saspended for the purpose of trans-
mitting that bill to the House of Representatives.
Mr. RUSK moved to amend, so as to include
the Indian appropriation bill.
Whereupon, it was
Revolted, That the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules
of the two Houses be suspended, so far as relates to the bill
; ({3. No. 351) explanatory of an act entitled 'An act granting
i bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
1 engaged in the military service of the United States,' and
the bill (H. R. 331) making appropriations for the current
i and contingent expenses of the Indian department, and {or
' fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes
' for the year ending the 30th June, 1831.
Ordered, That the Secretary notify the House of Repre- ; tedly attached to the institutions of my country, I
sentatives of the same. | sincerely hope it may; and I trust that the dangers
PROFESSOR ESPY'S REPORT. I which we have been threatened will serve as
Mr. BERRIEN. By a resolution of the Senate warning to_ all future Congresses to deal justly
passed some time ago, additional copies of the re- • .y every section, and to respect the constitutional
port of the Secretary of the Navy* communicating • nghts of all, if they would insure the permanency
,i . /  *n r* T7\ i i . AT Ani* llniAn Ivi ic*/iUoi*rrmA> thA 4
the report of rrofessor Espy, were ordered to be
printed. They are to be printed on octavo pages.
This will be destructive, m a great degree, of the
chart which accompanies the report. I propose
to have this corrected. I therefore offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resohed, That the additional copies of the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating the report of Pro-
fessor Espy on the subject ot meteorology, which have been
ordered to be printed for the use of the Senate, be printed
on folio foolscap of such size as to correspond with the size
of the chart which accompanies said report; and that the
; Secretary be authorized to carry this resolution into effect,
; and to cause the &ame to be properly bound.
| The resolution was agreed to.
I REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
| Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
' tee on Military Affairs, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of all memorials
and from other business not acted on by said com-
, mittee.
And from the same committee, to whom had
1 been referred the resolution of the Senate on the
subject of conferring the brevet rank of lieutenant
general on Major General Winfield Scott, reported
1 the following resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be and
to notify him that the two Houses, having finished
the legislative business before them, were ready
to adjourn if he had no further communication to
make to them.
Mr. EWING, from that committee, reported
that they had performed the duty assigfted them,
and that the President replied that he had no fur-
ther communication to make.
On motion, it was ordered that a message be
sent to the House of Representatives, to inform
the House that the Senate, having finished the
business before them, are about to adjourn.
On motion, it was
" Resolved, unanimously, That the thanks of the Senate
are due, and are hereby tendered, to the honorable William
E. King, for the ability, dignity, and impartiality with wliirh
he has peti'ormed the duties of President of the Senate pro
tem
Mr. KING, President pro tern.,'then rose, and
addressed the Senate as follows:
Senators: Our protracted session is about to
close. The causes which have led to its unusual
extension were of a character well calculated to
produce an excited state of feeling, and occasion-
ally to lead to altercations of a very unpleasant
character. Whether the action of Congress will
allay that excitement, restore harmony, and bring
about a better state of feeling in the country, re-
mains to be seen. As an American citizen, devo-
of our Union. In discharging the duties imposed
upon me as your presiding officer, 1 may, in the
!, opinion of some, have been too strict in the en-
'j forcement of the rules adopted for the government
| of this body. Should this be the case, I can only
say that it gives me no pleasure to exercise author-
: ity, and I have only been led to do so when the
occasion called for it by an imperious sense of
duty to the Senate, over which your kindness has
i' called me to preside. In taking leave ofyou,Sen-
; ators, I can but express my grateful sense of the
; kindness and courtesy with which 1 have uni-
M formly been treated. I wish you all a safe return
to your respective homes.
He then proclaimed that the Senate was ad-
, journed sine die.
i HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
! Montday, September 30, 1850.
The House met at eleven o'clock.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of Sat-
urday.
: CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. THURMAN, from the Committee on En-
.      | rolled Bills, reported correct the bill making ap-
| de3ig- II propriations for the civil and diplomatic expels
i "Is it expedient or necessary, to provide for additional J| ^ ire Orovetnment iot the current fiscal year.
! grades of commissioned officers in the army of the United 1' The bill was signed by the Speaker.
