1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2073
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. THURMAN, from the same committee)
reported correct the Indian appropriation bill.
The bill was signed by the Speaker.
A message was received from the Senate, inform-
ing the House of the suspension of the 16th and
17th joint rules to enable the appropriation bills to
be presented to the President for his signature.
The SPEAKER then directed the Clerk to pro-
ceed with the reading of the Journal.
Oa motion by Mr. HOLMES, the reading was
dispensed with.
Mr. JONES moved that the following joint rule
of the two Houses be suspended:
"No bill or resolution that shall have passed the Hou^e of
Representatives and the Senate shall be presented to the
President of the United States, for his approval, on the last
day of the session."
The SPEAKER stated that a message had just
been received from the Senate, stating that that
body had suspended the rule.
On motion by Mr. JONES, the House con-
curred.
annals of congress.
Mr. HOLMES (objection having been made)
moved a suspension of the rules, for the purpose
of taking up the bill from the Senate providing for
the distribution of the Annals of Congress.
The question having been taken, the House
(two thirds not voting in the affirmative) refused
to .suspend the rules
[A message was received from the Senate, announ-
cing the fact that that body had passed a bill,No. 361,
entitled "An act explanatory of an act granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States."]
Mr. MARSHALL (objection having been
made) moved a suspension of the rules, for the
purpose of enabling him to move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the consideration
of the bill of the Senate entitled *'An act for the
relief of Charlotte Lynch."
The bill was read for information.
Mr. MARSHALL made an appeal to the
House to pass the bill, and briefly stated some of
the facts relative to the revolutionary services of
the father—Captain Grey—which are more fully
set forth in the report of the committee of the Sen-
ate published in a subsequent parttrf the proceed-
ings.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and the vote stood—ayes 90, noes
not heard.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for the
yeas and nays; which were refused.
Tellers on the motion to suspend the rules were
ordered, and Messrs. Preston King and Ogle
were appointed.
And the question being again taken, the vote
stood—ayes 92, noes 25.
So the rules were suspended, and the question
being on discharging the Committee of the Whole
from the consideration of the bill, it was taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
So the Committee of the Whole was discharged
from the consideration of the bill.
And the question being on its third reading,
Mr. MARSHALL demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, inquired of the
Speaker, whether a motion to reconsider the vote
discharging the committee was in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MARSHALL and Mr. CASEY inquired
if the gentleman voted in the affirmative ?
The SPEAKER said there was no division.
Mr. JOHNSON said he believed the motion
was debatable.
Some conversation followed on a point of order,
when, (the motion having been declared to be de-
batable)—
I* Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor, and said: By way of introduction to the lit-
tle I am going to say against the passage of this
claim, I desire the Clerk to read the report made
by the committee of the Senate in this case. That
report, made by gentlemen who have investigated
this matter, shows most conclusively to my mind
that this sum of money ought not to be paid; and
as a prelude to my remarks, which will, perhaps,
occupy my usual hour, [a laugh,] or until Con-
gress adjourns, I nowsend up the report, to be
read. |
Mr. TUCK, I rise to a point of order. If it
is not now too late, i propose to take an appeal
from the ruling of the Chair, that the motion to
reconsiders in order after the call of the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it too late.
The motion to reconsider has been entertained.
It was now twenty-five minutes past eleven.
The Clerk read the report:
In Senate op the United States, <Jiug. 22,1850.
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was refeired the pe-
tition of Charlotte Lynch, ask leave to report:
That the petitioner is the only surviving ehild ofEbenezer
Gray* who entered the army of the Revolution as a captain
in the sixth regiment of the Connecticut line on the conti-
nental establishment, and received his fir&t commission as
such on the 1st day of January, 1776; that he rose to the
command ot a battalion in 1777, and in 1778 was commis-
sioned as lieutenant colonel, and continued to serve faith-
ful ly in that rank to the close of the war.
That at the time of entering the army the said Ebenezer
Gray was engaged in the practice of the law, as he had been
for some years; that he retired from the army at the close
of the war, with a constitution broken by disease contracted
in the service, and was never after able to engage in the
practice of his profession, or otherwise to secure by his per-
sonal exertions a competence for his family—and died m a
few years alter, having all along lingered under the disease
thus contracted.
That the only compensation which he or any member of
his family ever received for services thus long and Jaithfully
rendered, was his monthly pay while in service, in the de-
preciated currency, which was all the Government could
then command, and the five years' commutation allowed in
1783, in lieu ot the half pay for life which was stipulated
by the resolution of 17S0, which speedily depreciated to a
lew cents in the dollar; leaving them less than one year's
full pay instead of five, which it was the intention ol Con- :
gress to give. J
That these commutation certificates were funded by Con-
gress in 1701, but with a reduction which was equal to one
hi id of their Amount,.by deferring the interest for ten years
on one third of the principal, and allowing only three per
cenwlnterest on that which had accrued since l"/ts3.
That even this allowance did not inure to the benefit of !
the orhcers ol the army, whose necessities had for the most
part compelled them to transfer their certificates, at a ruin-
ous depreciation, before the funding act ol 1791.
On this state ot facts, the committee are of opinion—
1st. That Lieutenant Colonel Gray was entitled lo half
pay for hie under the resolution of Congress oi 1780.
2d. That the five years' full pay which was provided for
by the commutation certificates issued under the resolution
of 1783, even if they had been of par value, was not a tair
equivalent for the half pay for life stipulated by the resolu-
tion of 1780 j and was still less sO, considering their actual
and immediate depreciation below then nominal value.
This has been acknowledged by Congress in the act of 1828,
providing for the surviving officers of the Revolution an in-
demnity lor the loss sustained by them in consequence of
the commutation forced upon them m 1783.
But the committee are of opinion,
3d. That the right to a fair equivalent for the loss sus-
tained by these officers, by the substitution of the commu-
tation certificates for the half pay for life, was a vested right,
which descended to their legal repiesentatives, and that
consequently, apart froiu all other considerations, the legal
lepresuntative o; Lieutenant Colonel Ebenezer Gray is en-
titled to a just and equitable allowance as an equivalent for
that to which he was entitled under the resolution of 17fc0,
which they think will be made by the allowance of five
years' full pay, and they accordingly report a bill in her be-
half to that effect.
[general appropriations.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, informing the House that he
had this day approved and signed the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1851.]
Mr. JOHNSON, (resuming.) This report
shows most conclusively 
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a point of order.
I object to the gentleman's debating the merits of
the bill. I insist that he must confine himself to the
propriety of discharging the comtiiittee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee must confine himself to the question, t. e.,
to the propriety of discharging the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I intend to so confine myself
and to show- —
Half-past eleven.
Mr. STANLY. I beg to interrupt the gentle-
man for a moment.
Mr. JOHNSON.
Mr. STANLY.
Certainly. j
I desire to ask the gentleman !
if it is his intention to consume the time of the j
House until the time of adjournment? Ifthatbethe
object of the gentleman, he has it in his power to j
defeat the passage of the bill now, but it will cer- j
tainly be passed next session, and I respectfully '
suggest that the gentleman may as well consent to j
let it be acted on now. i
Mr. JOHNSON. I will say to the gentleman j
from North Carolina, first, that I believe the bill i
to be wrong; second, 1 believe the bill ought not
to be acted upon at this late period of the session;
and third, if it cannot now be defeated in any other
way, I will frankly state to the gentleman) that I
intend to defeat it in this way.
Mr. STANLY. I suggest, then, to my friend
from Kentucky, to give up the bill.
[indian appropriations.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, informing the House of Repre-
sentatives that he had this day approved and signed
the bill " making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the va-
rious Indian tribes, for the year ending the 30th
June, 1851."]
Mr. [JOHNSON. I want to say a word with
reference to the suggestion made by the gentleman
from North Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will confine
his remarks to the propriety of discharging the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I intend to do, and to
show that this bill ought not to pass.
Mr. WELLBORNsaid a word to Mr. Johnson,
which in the confusion of the Hall was entirely
lost to the Reporter. *■
Mr. JOHNSON. In reply to my friend from
Georgia, 1 have this to say: there is no man here
whom 1 would take greater pleasure in accommo-
dating than my friend from Georgia. But my
conviction that this bill ought not to pass is so
strong, that I shall make use of every legitimate
and constitutional means in my power to defeat it.
I believe it to be wrong.
Twenty-five minutes to twelve.
Mr. MARSHALL. Time is waning fast. As
, the gentleman from Tennessee persists in talking,
: to destroyjhe bill, if he will withdraw his motion
! to reconsider, and allow the bill to lie on the
j Speaker's table, I will not press its consideration.
: Mr. JOHNSON. I am willing to give way.
I p®.' ,t.he moti°n to reconsider be put, and let the
bill lie over in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. JONES. Let the motion to reconsider lie
over.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let us have the thing dis-
tinctly understood; let us have no hocus pocus
?*!lt- ' ?ra. willing to ,give way, and let the
bill lie over, if it be done by gentlemen in good
faith. I do not wish to defeat any other business.
Mr. JONES addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Johnson.) Does the
gentleman from Tennessee yield the floor to his
colleague ?
Mr. JOHNSON. For a suggestion.
Mr. JONES.. If my colleague will yield, I will
move to postpone the motion to reconsider until
the first Monday in December next.
Mr. JOHNSON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. JONES. I move, then, that the motion to
reconsider be postponed until the second Tuesday
in December next.
The motion was put and agreed to.
john le roy.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I hold in my hand a bill
which has passed the Senate for the relief of
John Le Roy.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemau will suspend
until order is restored. Gentlemen in the area
and aisles are requested to resume their seats,
and preserve order. The Chair must request
gentlemen by name to take their seats if they
will not do it otherwise.
Mr. KAUFMAN. I hold in my hand a bill
passed unanimously by the Senate, for the relief
of John Le Roy, a man known, perhaps, to most
of the members of the House, who lost an arm in
the Mexican service, and who is here starving
penniless, without any means of paying bis board!
or getting away. The report is very short; I wish
it read.
invalid pensions.
Mr. JONES. I do not object to that bill; but I
will state to the gentleman that there is upon the
Speaker's table a very short bill from the Senate—
a general bill—providing for everybody who lost
an arm or both arms, a leg or both legs, or both
eyes, in the service. I hope the gentleman will
give way, and allow this general bill to pass. It
is, in my opinion, comprehensive, just, and proper.
Mr. KAUFMAN. In the passage of the gen-
era! bill,the details might create difficulty; and we
