980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tee of the Whole. This is a National Green House.
The proposition now under consideration emanated
from a National Green House, to wit: the Senate.
It has been sustained by the distinguished National
Green Koot from Ohio.
The question being about to be put—
Tellers were called for; and the demand being
sustained, Mr. King, of Rhode Island, and Mr.
Wahace, were appointed tellers.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate, when it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 75, noes 68.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, appropriating
$10,000 for improving the grounds south of the
President's House, and completing the culvert on
Seventeenh street, was agreed to.
The question now being on agreeing to the fol-
lowing amendment of the Senate, viz:
" For eomnltt'ma ihe improvement of Indiana avenue, m
tile city of Washington, from the City Hall to the Capitol
hill, s^ven thousand dollars, to he expended under the con-
trol of the Commissioner of Public Buildings"—
Mr. JONES moved to strike out the words
c< Commissioner of Public Buildings,5' and to in-
sert, in lieu thereof, the words " Mayor of the
city of Washington.
Mr. CROWELL suggested that Congress had
no eontrol over the Mayor of Washington. The
Commissioner of Public Buildings was an officer
of the Government, and consequently subject to
the control of Congress.
Mr. JONES thought that the expenditure of
this appropriation might be very properly com-
mitted to the Mayor of the city.
The question being taken, the amendment sub-
mitted by Mr. Jones was negatived.
Mr. CARTTER expressed a desire to hear from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means the explanation which had satisfied the
committee as to the propriety of this appropria-
tion.
Mr. BAYLY said he would answer the inter-
rogatory with pleasure. Congress had, at a former
session, appropriated §10,000 for the improvement
of this avenue. It was not expected, at the time,
that the sum then appropriaied would be sufficient
to complete the work. It had not done so. It
■was a large and costly work, and was not yet
completed; and the sum now asked for Was re-
quired for its completion. The appropriation had
been inserted in -this bill, because the supply of
the money would be the means of preventing the
discontinuance of the work during* this summer.
Finally, the improvement of this avenue was of
yery grejt importance to the city, anJ to Congress
itself, because it was we'll known that, at certain
seasons of the year, Pennsylvania avenue was one
of the most uncomfortable streets in the woild.
There ought to be another avenue. The work
has been commenced; we have gone to a consid-
erable cost in cairying it on thus far, and it must
be completed.
Mr. VINTON said he believed that this appro-
priation of §7,000 only made up the amount spe-
cified in the original estimate.
Mr. BAYLY said this was exactly true. Noth-
ing more was asked than the amount it was origin-
ally estimated that the work would cost.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was agreed to—ayes 75, noes
_The amendment of the Senate, appropriating
§5.000 for continuing the improvement of the pub-
lic grounds west of Seventh street, was considered
and agreed to.
The following amendment being under consid-
eration, viz:
" For enclosing with a substantial wooden fence, grading
and ptantins with to e«, the low around- on the caiidl, be-
twti n Tlurd and Sixth streets, two thousand five hundred
dollar^"—
Mr. MARSHALL said lie desired, before the
vote was taken on this amendment, to offer an
amendment. It was read, as follows, viz:
•'•To complete the marine h spital at Louj-v>!le, Ken- I
tucky, and to presi rve the tame in security, ,^5,000.•' J
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out j
ot order, as not germane to the clause proposed
to be amended.
Mr. BAYLY suggested to his friend from Ken-
tucky to withdraw his amendment for the present
and to oiler it at the end of the bill, after the
amendments of the Senate had been gone through
Ha was in favor of ths objeet of the amendment.'
May 1
Mr. MARSHALL said hia object was only to j; at that time. " J asked him," said Mr. Phelps,
get an opportunity of incorporating it in the bill, j: "how many ought to be added now to the force
He would withdraw it for the present.
The amendment was then withdrawn.
The question was then taken on the amend- ! crease in the business
of the department." He said, the increase of the
force ought to bear a just proportion to the in-
ment of the Senate, and it was agreed to.
The following additional section being under (
consideration, was read as follows, viz: |
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster \
General he, and he hereby, authorized to employ twenty- t
two additional clerks in the Poh Office Department, viz: j
seven clerks each at an animal salary of fonrteen hundred !
dollars, eight eieiks each at an annual salary ol twelve hun-
dred dollars, and seven clerks each at an annual salary ot'
one thousand dollar*, and one additional watchmen, at a
salary of three hundred and sixty five dollars.
Mr. BAYLY said the Committee of Ways and
Means had instructed him to move that this
amendment of the Senate be disagreed to. He
would state very briefly the reasons which had
induced the committee to come to thi3 determina-
tion. In another part of the bill an appropiiation
for temporary clerks for the Post Office Depart-
ment had been introduced in compliance with the
request of the Postmaster General. It is the in-
tention of the Committee of Ways and Means, at
the earliest opportunity, to report a bill to the
House, the object of which is to regulate the ap-
pointment of clerks in the various department* of
the Government. It proposes to appoint a board h
Mr. P. went on to aay that he had before
him a comparative statement which would show
how the business had increased since 1836. Ire
1836, the number of mail-rour^ was 2,212-, in
1849, they had increased to 4,943; showmw ar 
increase of 2,731 routes. The total number of
contractors in lfe36 was 1,682; in Id49 this num-
ber hadswelled up to 4,193—exhibiting an increase
of 2,511. The number of post offices m 1&36 was
II,091; in 3849 the number was 18,134; and here
was an increase of 7,043.
Here, then, is an exhibit of the increase of the
business of this department since the year 383G
up to the present time. The Postmaster Genera!
ami his Assistants now require an additional force
to meet this increase of business. The Assi tant
Postmaster General had stated to the committee
that they needed the additional clerks specified m
thesection now under consideration; and that they
were needed not for temporary service, but as
permanent clerks; and that these would be barely
sufficient to bring up the business of the depart-
ment to the close of the present fiscal year.
The clerks in the Post OltTce Department as he
of examiners, whose business it will be to exam- j; could testify from his own personal observation,
ine into ihe character and qualifications of all can
didates who may present themselves before they
can be put into office. There are also other valu-
able provisions contained m this bill. The com-
mittee did not wish to sanction the appointment
of any additional clerks until this bill should be
brought before the House for its consideration.
He was assured by officers who had much ex-
perience that this bill was calculated to add greatly
to the efficiency of the public service. The duties de-
volved on clerks would be much better done, and
the number of clerks might be reduced. It was the
desire of the committee that no further appoint-
ments should be made until this bill should be
passed into a law. He had not the slightest doubt
rendered more efficient services to the public than
any clerks employed in the other departments.
They were kept more closely employed while m
the departmentTa d they were employed during a
greater number of hours. The business of the*
department had been greatly augmented by ihe
register system, introduced by the ant of I^3fty
requiring postmasters to keep, at the end of such
routes as the Postmaster General might designate,
registers showing the exact times of the arrivals
and departures of the mails, to be returned to the
department at short and regular intervals. This
system, it is true, was discontinued a few years
ago, and it has only been since required that a reg-
ular return shall be made of the failures of the
of the fact that the business of the Post Office mail But the present Postmaster Gene ai has m-
Department required additional clerks. On thi;
account, he was ready to admit that more clerks
were necessary in that department. But he could
not in behalf of the committee give a sanction to
any further permanent appointments, until Con-
gress should have passed the bill to which he had
referred.
j Mr. PHELPS expressed his re?iet that the
i chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means ;
had adverted to this bill, and assigned it as a 1
' teason for refusing to sanction this section. He :
: had no doubt that the bill alluded to was a very '
j excellent one, but the fact that it was m prepa- <
j ration did not, in any decree, obviate the evil I
; which this section was inserted to remedy. The !
clerks which were admitted by the chairman of the {
committee to be necessaiy to carry on the public j
service may be granted now, and when that bill \
shall be passed, they may be placed on a permanent \
footing. But he would not consent, in view of the !
doubtful contingency of the passage of that bill, to
withhold from the officer at the head of the de- ! had passed.
; troduced the way-bill system. Besides the in-
i creased service in the old States, tht re is the mail
1 service in Oregon, Minnesota, California, New
! Mexico, and Utah, or Deseret. And m addition
1 to all this, must be taken into view the vast m-
, crease which has taken place within the last two
' or three years m the foieign mail service.
Mr. BAYLY (M.\ Phelps yielding the floor)
said it was very desirable to save time, m order
that this bill might be carried to its passage to-day.
And he begged to suggest to his friend from Mis-
souri that there was no design to withhold the
force which the Postmaster General required u;
carry on the operations of his department. The
only question was as to the time when it should
be granted. The Committee of Ways and Means
only desired that he would wait until the bill ap-
pointing examiners should be passed. There was
no doubt at all that the committee was fully aware
of the necessity which existed for these clerks*
and would be ready to grant them when that biU
paftment the force which was absolutely necessary
to carry on the public business in the interim.
Mr. BAYLY (Mr. Phelps yielding the floor)
disavowed any intention to withhold the foice
which he knew was required by the department.
Mr. PH&LPS resumed. He knew that the
force asked for by this section was absolutely ne-
cessary. The department must have these clerks.
He referred to the period when Mr. Kendall ad-
ministered the duties of the ucpas tment. In 1836
and 1837, he had tried the experiment of car-
rying on the operations of the department with a
Mr. PHELPS said he had no desire to protract
the debate and delay the passage of this biii, and
; he would therefore refrain from saying more
which he had intended to submit to the commiuee.
Mr. VINTON expressed a strong doubt wheth-
er the public service could wait for these additional
: clerks until the bill spoken of by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means should be
passed. That bill requned an examination by a
! board into the qualifications of clerks; and when-
I ever it shall be repotted, it will be found that it
. - . t    .j makes no provision for the appointment of any.
diminished force; but it was found to be impossi- ji It relates only to the manner in whuh the appou't-
b(e to keep up with the increasing business of the ments are to be regulated. That was the charae-
aepartment witnout additional strength, and an ' terof thebiil—at irast such was the character of
application was made to Congress for nine addt- , the bill uurn.g the last Congress, and he piesunted
tionai clerks, lhese clerks were granted as tern- H was the ^ame now.
porary cleiks; and in 1842, by the act of July ,i Mr. McGAUUHEY mo\ed to amend the sec-
author that year, these nine clerks were added to I1 tion by adding the following inuviso:
f,!!,,Permane") ° ?f 'l16 department, having ) Thai ttw ri«*>  pp.Hi.«. a um-
Oeen previously employed aa temporary clerks, {' of tin?- act -hall ik.j, n-n-fini! nu\ ou«- <•! [■,,< m, •
from the commencement of the year 1837, and paid j! *r01n !,nv which hns a mil propouum i.t th« ilit*>n
h\r nnnronfiatiftno ™ ^ ,1 ~ <\. _ .1 . . . *' O f tills G'.ycniUKlit, t.'lkill!.' foiled C{ at !<>|1 tli{>
or"  hl*m  - ais'i un. r* <>l the Hun-* m the
Hoiu<iof nianvcs ju C<.}(cjres«, nun! the panou.i^i
uiorer>ai<i lias been eauahzed between ihe Si.ucs.
Mr. MeG. said he would only detain the commit.
.   j .1 w «) "iiu  aiu
by appropriations made for that special object
from year to year. But. only a few days am,
Mr. Kendal! had told him, that ln 1836 he had not
more clerks than were sufficient for the business
