2074
THE CONGRESSIGNM. GLOBE.
Sept. 80,
can pass the general bill next session. But in ref-
erence to this case which I have brought up, every-
body can see its propriety arid justice.
Cries of " Take up the general bill."
Mr. KAUFMAN. 1 withdraw, then, the bill
for the relief of John Le Roy; and I move that
the general bill in reference to this subject be taken
up.
The SPEAKER. To what bill does the gen-
tleman refer?
Mr. JONES. Senate bill No. 137.
Objection was made to taking up the bill.
Mr. JONES moved to suspend the rules, to en-
able him to move to take up the Senate bill re-
ferred to.
Mr. McCLERNAND demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend.
Mr. BISSELL. I ask for the reading of the
bilt.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
again requested gentlemen in all parts of the Hall
to resume their seats.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES withdrew the motion.
JuHN LE ROY.
Mr. KAUFMAN. 1 now move a suspension
of the rules to enable me to move that the bill for
the relief of John Le Roy be taken up and acted
upon. 1 do believe that there is a gentleman in
the House who would object, if he understood the
nature of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire of
the gentleman from Texa3, whether the bill is be-
fore the House, or before the Committee of the
Whole House ?
Mr. KAUFMAN. It is before the Committee
of the W hole House.
* The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Texas
moves that the rules be suspended in order to ena-
ble him to submit a motion to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the consideration of the
bill for the relief of John Le Roy.
Mr. ROOT called for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read.
The question," Shall the rules be suspended?"
was taken, and decided in the negative.
So the bill was not taken up.
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
Mr. McCLERNAfJD. I have in my hands
sundry papers which have been referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs; some of them re-
lating to subjects on which the committee have re-
ported, others relating to subjects on which they
are prepared to report. I am instructed by the
committee to move to lay them on the table, that
they may be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs the next session.
The SPEAKER. TheChair would state to the
gentleman from Illinois- that the House have
adopted a resolution providing for the disposition
of all papeis, &c , in the hands of the committees—
that they be laid on the table, and at the com-
mencement of the next session be referred back by
virtue of that resolution.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I will lay them on the
table under that order.
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, addressed
the Chair, and was recognized.
Great confusion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will suspend until order is restored. Gen-
tlemen are requested to suspend conversation and
preserve order.
Mr. ROOT addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has been recognized.
Mr. THOMPSON. I wish to know whether
the order which has just been referred to, discharges
the committees from the conside ation of papers?
If it does not, I wish to move that the Committee
on the Judiciary be discharged from the further
consideiation of sundry papers now in my posses-
sion. , . . „ ,
The SPEAKER stated the provisions of the
resolution, and propounded the question on dis-
charging the committee, and laying the papers on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Seventeen minutes to twelve.
POSTAGE.
Mr. POTTER. I ask the unanimous consent
to move to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union from the further consid-
eration of the bill No. 8S1, to reduce and modify the
ratesMjf postage.
[Cries of "Oh, no! It's too late for that."]
If objection (continued Mr. P.) is made, 1 shall
move to suspend the rules.
The title of the bill was read: "A bill to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in the United
States."
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended ?"
was taken, and decided in the negative.
So the bill was not taken up.
Mr. POTTER. I think the country demands
some action upon the subject of postage. I know
that no remarks are in order, but I wish to say
what are my opinions on this question.
[Cries of " Order! order!"]
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Potter.) Remarks
are out of order.
Mr. POTTER. I know they are.
The SPEAKER. Remarks are objected to.
Mr. PO TTER. I move that this bill, the title
of which has just been read, be made the special
order for the third Tuesday in December next,
and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. JONES, (in his seat.) No, no; we do not
want any special orders.
The question, " Shall the rules be"suspended?"
was put and rejected.
[Fifteen minutes to twelve.]
Mr. BAYLY. I move that a committee be ap-
pointed upon the part of the House, to meet such
committee as may be appointed on the part of the
Senate, to wait upon the President of the United
States, and inquire whether he has any further
communications to make to Congress.  
The motion was put and agreed to.
Messrs. Bayly, Vinton, and Outlaw, were
appointed to constitute the committee.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. MILLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 361,
which has come in this morning.
Messrs. WENT WORTH, COBB, of Alabama,
and others,objected.
Mr. ROOT. 1 wish to inquire of the Chair
whether a message has been received from the
Senate with respect to that bill ?
Mr. JO.NES. Read the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the inquiry of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. ROOT. Is the Chair in possession of a
| message from the Senate, in respect to that bill—
i to tneir action upon it?
| The SPEAKER. To what bill does the gen-
| tleman from Onio allude?
I Mr. ROOT. The bounty land bill.
! The SPEAKER. The bill alluded toby the
colleague oi' the gentleman is a bill explanatory
of an act entitled '-An act granting bounty land
to certain officers and soldiers who have been en-
gaged in the military service of the United States."
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I would like to state,
for the information ol the House, that the bounty
! land bill as it has passed both Houses, is, so far
! as relates to the selling of land warrants, precisely
; the bill reported by myself originally from the
1 Committee on Public Lands. 1 desired that the
! person to whom the land is granted should be able
! to sell his wariant, and not be obliged to go, or
i send his agent to the West to locate his land.
I This restricuoa would operate with very great
; hardship upon many brave old soldiers. It is ihe
object of this explanatory resolution to make that
restriction; therefore,! objected to its considera-
tion. , .
The SPEAKER. No remarks are in order ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky. I desire to
know what is the motion?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules to allow the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Mil-
ler] to move to take up the bill ot which the title
has just been read.
Mr. MASON. Is it in order to ask for the
reading of that bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill can be read by
unanimous consent. ,
Mr. WENTWORTH and others objected to
the reading. ,
, The question, " Shall the rules be suspended to
" allow the gentleman from Ohio to move to take up
the bill?" was taken, and decided in the nega-
tive.
Mr. PRESTON KING. I believe the object
of this bill is to correct an error in the engross-
ment of the other bill, so as to secure the lands to
the persons to whom they are granted, and to pre-
vent their being purchased ,up by speculators?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it is to correct an error of engrossment. If the
House will consent to hear it read they will see.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected to the reading.
Mr. PRESTON KING. I ask that the bill be
read. Its object is to correct an error.
The SPEAKER. The bill is very short. It
contains but two or three lines.
The Clerk commenced to read the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected to the reading.
(Ten minutes to twelve.)
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for the
information of the House.
The bill was read, as follows:
" Be it enacted, That the fourth section of an act en-
titled ( An act granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers: who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States,' approved September 28,1850, shall be
construed the same as tflough the words, i of the patent,'
were inserted after the word < issue' where it occurs in the
fourth line of said fourth section of the enrolled hill."
Mr. PRESTON KING. I move a suspension
of the rules to enable me to move to take up that
bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and said
there were nineteen gentlemen only rising—which
he believed not to be a sufficient number.
Mr. CALDWELL, of Kentucky, asked tho
yeas and nays on the motion to suspend.
Tellers were asked and ordered on the question,
"Will the House order the yeas and nays?" and
Messrs. Wentworth and Ogle were appointed.
The tellers counted the affirmative, and an-
nounced—ayes 41.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
(Seven minutes to twelve.)
Mr. WENTWORTH. I rise to a question o
privilege. I ask that the Doorkeeper be required
to enforce the rule of this House. There are too
many speculators in land warrants here interfering
with the legislation of Congress, who have no right
to come into the Hall.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
stated that the officers of the House had been di-
rected to enforce the rules.
On the question, " Shall the rule be suspended,
to allow the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Preston King] to move to take up the bill from
the Senate, explanatory of an act entitled " An
act granting bounty land to certain soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States ?"—
The Clerk (at six minutes to twelve) commenced
the call of the roll.
At two minutes to twelve,
Mr. BAYLY interposed and said: The commit-
tee appointed by this House to wait upon the
President of the United States, and inquire whether
he has any fuither communication to make to
them, beg leave to report, that they have dis-
charged that duty, and the President has informed
us that he has no further communication to make
to the House.
The Clerk resumed and proceeded with the call
of the roll.
The following members had answered to their
names—
YCAS—Messrs. Allen, Booth, Breck, Iiriggs, Brooks,
Albert (}. Brown, Burrows, Chester Butler, Jrweph P. OaM-
well, Calvin, Campbell, Casey, Chandler, Chngwan, Dis-
ney, Dixon, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Fowler, Gilbert Grin-
nell, H.umond, Hiliiaid, Holmes, Hunter, Andrew John-
son, James L. Johnson, James G. King 
NAYS—Messrs. Alhertson. Anderson, Ashe, iioKee,
Bowie, Georu« A. Caldwell, Clarke, W. R. W. Cobb, Col-
(>oek, Corwin, Darnel, Dtmmick, Dunham, Edmundson,
Eliot, Nathan Evans, Fitch, Goodenow, Gott, Gaum, Hallo-
way, Hammond, HoMaday. Howard, Hubhard, Joseph \Y.
Jackson, Jones, Kaufman, Kerr, John A• King -
As the name "John A. King " was called,
The hands of the clock being precisely upon the
hour of twelve—
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) The hour fixed
by the joint resolution of the two Houses for the
adjournment of the present session of Congress
having arrived—I now declare that this House
stands adjourned sine die.
