982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
Mr. JONES asked for the yeas and nays.
They were refused.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The appropriation for repairing the United
States steamers Jefferson, Hetzel, and Legare, em-
ployed in the coast survey, being under consider-
ation,
Mr. JONES asked for the yeas and nays on
agreeing to this amendment. They were refused.
The question was then put, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The question now being on concurring in the
amendment appropriating §213,000 to supply the
deficiency in the contingent expenses of the Sen-
ate,
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays.
They were refused,
The question was then put, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The House then concurred in the appropriation
of $15,000 for the branch mint at New Orleans.
The question now being on concurring in the
amendment appropriating $747,523 30 to supply
the deficiency in naval appropriation for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1849,
Mr. CARTTER demanded the yeas and nays.
They were refused.
Mr. WILDR1CK moved that the House ad-
journ. The question was put, and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
The question was then put on the amendment,
and it was concurred in.
The House then concurred with the Committee
of the Whole in striking out the amendment of
the Senate, appropriating §655 for contingent ex-
penses in the First Auditor's of5.ce.
The question now being on concurring with the
committee in their amendment to the Senate's
amendment, as follows, viz:
" For the compensation of two watchmen to bo employed
in preserving the public grounds about the Capitol, at the
rate of $365 per annum each, the m.ihj of $730."
Mr. JONES said, as this amendment was to
create two additional employees of the Govern-
ment, he would ask th^yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER said the question would be
first on concurring with the Committee of the
"Whole on the slate of the Union in their amend-
ment reducing the proposed pay from §730 to
$365 per annum each.
The question was put, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The House refused the yeas and nays on the
question to agree to the Senate's amendment as
amended.
The question was then put, and the amendment
as amended was agreed to.
The question now being on concurring in the
amendment appropriating £5,000 for the removal
of the old and the erection of a new green-house—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Missi ssxppi, called for
the yeas and nays.
They were ordered.
Mr. MORRIS moved that the House adjourn;
on which motion, i
Mr. McDONALD called for tellers; and they ]
were refused.
The question was put, and the House refused |
to adjourn. i
The question was then put, and the amendment !
was concurred in—yeas 76, nays 66; as follows: !
YEAS—Messrs. Alexander, Anderson, Bennett, Brje^, '
Brooks, AlbertG. Brown, Burrows, Chester B i!l«-r,TliOina<* 1
B. Biilicr, Calvm, Campbell,Casey, Chandler, Clarke, Col-
cock Conrad, Corwin. Crowell, Dickev. Duncan, Nathan
Evans, Fowler, Golf, Gould, Grinnell, liaHovvay, Hampton
Hay, Havmoud, Mebard, Hertrv, Howe, Hunter, Wil-
liam T. Jackson, Keir, Da"iel P. Kii.g, George G.Khi"
James G. Kins, John A. King. Matte^ou. Meachnm, Moore'
Morehead, Moi-se, Moiion, X^l-On, Ogle, Otis, Outlaw'
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Ridley, Root, Rose'
Rum ey, Schenck, fcn noolcraft. Spragtie, Sianly, Frederick
P. ckaiit-m, Richard H. i?tanion, ^tronijj Su'<jt-*t&tir,Taylor,
John H. Thompson, Turk, Underbill, Van IV\k", v thton.
Watkins, Wentworih,'William?, Wii.-ort, and Winthrop—76'
The House then concurred in the other amend- j
ments, without a division. J
Mr. "VINTON moved that the vote on concur- '
ring in the amendments be reconsidered, and that
that motion be laid on the table. |
Mr. THOMPSON said the motion was unne-
cessary, and it was not pressed. Then, .
On motion, the House adjourned till Monday ,
next.
PETITIONS, &c. ;
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap- :
proprtate committees:
By Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania: A memorial of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania interested in the manufacture of iron, |
asking Congress ior the insertion of such provisions m our '
revenue laws as will " regulate commerce with foreign i
nations" in iron, and ateo that such duties he imposed upon :
foreign iron as will bring the largest revenue to the public
treasury. •
Also, the petition of citizens of Columbia county, Penn-
sjlvania, remonstrating against the mariner in which the
duties on non are laid, and asking lor a modification of
those duties.
Bv Mr. BUEL: The petition of Victor Morass, praying ;
for the passage of an act to authorize him to enter a certain (
quantity of land.
Also, the petition of J. R. Hall and others, for a new post- :
route from duuicy to Algausee, in Branch county, Michi- i
gan.
Also, the petition of Lewis Darrah and others, for a re-
duction of kfter postage to two cents per half ounce.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky: A memorial of offi-
cers of the Ameiican army, in Oregon Territory, asking
increase of pav, &c.
By Mr EVANS, of Ohio: Two memorials of citizens of
Muskingum county, Ohio, for the establishment of sn agri-
cultural bureau.
ham, Featherston. Fitch, Gerr\, Green* Hall, ifaralso..,
Harbin, Sampson W. Harris, fiiobaid, Howaid, tJulm rd,
Inge, Joseph W, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Preston King, L'l Sere, LittkfiHd,
^ l?n' Marsha!!, McCl^rnand, McDonald, McDowell,
McGtughey,, McLanaban, Robert M McLane, M.-MuUen,
McQueen, McWillie, Mtllson, Monis, Parker, IVa^lce
t '^^lps>R,,bfcin^Sava2P,«hepperd, Stetson,Thomas,
^™on; Waldo. Wallace, Whittlesey, Wildnck
Wood, and Woodward—68. '
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 13, 1850.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. EVANS, of Ohio, asked and obtained
leave to withdraw certain papers from the files of
the House for the purpose of reference to the de-
partments.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose and said he had re-
ceived several joint resolutions of the Legislature
of Texas, which he asked the unanimous consent
to offer, for the purpose of moving their refeience
and printing'.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected.
Mr. KAUFMAN taid he would move, then,
to suspend the rules for their reception.
DELEGATES FROM NEW MEXICO AND DES-
ERET.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman fiom Texas that his motion to sus-
pend the rules is not now in order. A motion is
now pending to suspend the rules of the House,
made on Monday last, by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stroxg,] which ia the first
business in order this morning, it is moved by
the sentleman from Pennsylvania, that the rules of
the House be suspended, in order to enable him to
offer a resolution making the reports of the Com-
mittee on Elections in the cases of Deseretand 2<e\v
Mexico the special order for the 15th instant, and
from day to day until disposed of. The question
is on the suspension of the rules for this purpose.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, inquired, in
case the rules were now suspended, if the suspen-
sion would continue for the entire day ?
The fePLAKER. Not at all. The motion is
to suspend the rules for the purpose of enabling
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to make the
motion indicated.
Mr. STRONG. I desire to say, if the rules are
suspended, I shall modify the resolution by fixin"
the 22d instant for the special order, and to be
continued from day to day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman proposes,
then, to introduce a resolution making the reports
of the Committee on Elections, in the rus s of
Deseret and New Mexico, the special order for"thc
Aid instant, and fiora day to day until disposed of
X he question is on suspending the rules' for this
purpose.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 83, noes 35.
So, two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended, and the resolution was received
1 he question, being on its adoption, was taken,
and decided m the affirmative, without a division
fco the reports of the Committee on Elections, m
the cases of the elections from New Mexico and
Deseret, were made the special order for the 22d
instant, and until disposed of.
THE MINT.
Mr. BR1GGS asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will be reported for inform-
ation.
Mr. CASEY objected, and called for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the call
of the Stales for resolutions. The gentleman from
New York moves to suspend the rules, to offer
the following resolution, which will be reported
for information:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire
into the expediency of so inmiiUihg the exi*-ini  l.ivvs estab-
lishing the mint of the United Static, a-, to pi ovule for the
prompt coinage of bullion and <juld dii?'., cumulating in the
United Stat« or seeking the minis of Eurup* for coinage;
and that they have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. CASEY renewed his objection.
The question, being on the suspension of the
rules, was taken, and decided in the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended and the resolution
was recePPed.
The question being on its adoption, was taken,
and decided in the affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
RESOLUTIONS OF TEXAS.
Mr. KAUFMAN now renewed his request for
the unanimous consent of the House to enable
him to offer certain joint resolutions of Texas,
for the purpose of moving their reference and
printing.
Mr. PRESTON KING objected.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved a suspension of the
rules for the reception of the resolutions.
The resolutions relate to extending the civil
i; jurisdiction of the State of Texas over the south
, half, and criminal jurisdiction over the whole
n of Red River; to procuring the passage of a law
!( by the Congress of the United Slates, granting: pen-
ij sions to certain persons whosuffeted m the Texas
■, revolution, or to their indigent widows and children;
instructing theirSermtorsand requesiingtheir Rep-
, resentatives in Congress upon the subject of the
i! United States district court for Texas.
!; The question was taken on the suspension of
{! the rules, and decided in the negative—ayes 45,
jj noes not counted.
j; So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
i lutions were not received.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS FOR ALABAMA.
; Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to oflei a lesolution.
Messis. CASEY and SACKETT objected, and
called for the regular order of business.
Mr. HARRIS. I move a suspension of the
rules to enable me to offer the resolution, and I
ask that it be read for information.
The lesolution was read, as follows:
; Joint resolution u>structinj  the Secretary of Slate to fur-
nish the State of Alabama with duplicate* of the books
and docum ent- heri'toton; suppliu! h\ Curgr< s*,«iml which
were destroyed by the recent bunmig of the Stale Capitol
of -aid State.
The question was taken, and decided in the
' affirmative
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
, was received.
i The resolution having been read a first and
second time—
Mr. JONES inquired of the gentleman from
Alabama, if he had ascertained whether these
books were on hand, or whether the resolution
would make it necessary to reprint them?
Mr. HARRIS. I am unable to communicate
the information which the gentleman asks for. I
move that the resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, where the investigation
can be made.
Mr. JONES mr>\rd to amend the rrsolution by
instrueui'^ the Committee on the Judiciary to
mqune wheiher the books were on hand, or it
would be necessary to reprint them?
The amendment was agreed to.
; The resolution as amended was referred to the
. Committee on the Judiciary.
PORT OF ENTRY AT WHITEHALL.
Mr. Pf-KENIX asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill of winch he had
given previous notice.
The title of the bill was reported for information,
as follows:
