1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
983
A bill to establish a collection district in the
State of New York, and a port of entry at White-
hall, and for other purposes.
Mr. CASEY objected to ail these matters, and
called for the regular order of business.
Mr. PHCENfX moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer the resolution.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BAYLY moved that the rules be suspended
and the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for the fur-
ther consideration of the California message.
Mr. BURT called for tellers, who were ordered; j
and Mr. Savage and Mr. Fowler were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
ayes 59, noes 80.
So the House refused to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
REGULAR ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. PRESTON KING called for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
was the call of the States for resolutions, but the
Chair could not call the regular order as long as
gentlemen were one after another moving to sus-
pend the rules.
INCREASE OF RANK AND FILE OF ARMY.
Mr. BURT. I rise to ask the general consent
of the House 
Mr. PRESTON KING, (in his seat.) I object.
Mr. BURT. I hope to get the consent of the
gentleman from New York. I made him an ex-
ception in my mind, but still I trusted that the con-
sent of the House might be general. I desire to
bring before the House, for its consideration at an
early day, a bill reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs, providing for the defence of the
frontier of our country. I am sure, if the House
could be made to understand the condition of that
frontier 
The SPEAKER interposed, and reminded the
gentleman that debate was not in order.
Mr. BURT. I move to make the bill reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, entitled " A
bill to increase the rank and file of the army and
encourage enlistments," the special order for to-
morrow4 and from day to day until disposed of.
Jf objection is made, I shall move a suspension of
Mr. PRESTON KING objected, for the reason
(he said) that the Slates might be called in order,
and-all have an equal chance for offering resolu-
tions.
The SPEAKER propounded the question on
the motion to suspend the rules.
And the question being taken,
The SPEAKER stated that the noes had it by
the sound.
Messrs. KAUFMAN and BURT called for the
yeas and nays; which were oidered.
The question, " Shall the rules of the House be
suspended?" was then taken, and decided m the
negative—yeas 88, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Alexander, Anderson, Aver-
ett, U«iy, Bayly, Bowie, Bowlin, Briggs, Burrows,
Burl, E. C Cabell, C-utter, Chandler, Clarke, Chngman,
Colcock, Ciowell, Dimmick, Du-ney, Duncan, Feather-
ston, Fuller, Gtnuy, Hall, Hamilton, Haralson, Harlan,
J sham (* Harris, Sampson W Flams, Hibbard, Hoagland,
Holhday. Houston, Howard, Hutibard, Inge, Joseph IV.
Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, K mfinao, George G. King,
James G. King, John A. Kins, La Seir, Levin, Marshall,
Mason, M.'Oieniand, McDonald, MeGaughey, Robert M.
McLane, McMullen, Mi-Queen, McVViilie, lYUacham, Mill-
son, Moore, Morris, Morse, Morton, Ni'Hon, Ogle, Orr,
Outlaw. Pt'H&lee, Phelps, Powell, Robbius, Rumsey, School-
craft, Seddon, Sprague, Stanl>, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard II. Stanton, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, William
Thompson, Toombs, Underbill, Van Dyke, VtnaMe, Vin-
ton, Wallace, Walking Whittlesey,ami Wilson—83.
NAYS—Messr>. Baker, Bennett., Bingham, Bocock,
Booth, Boudon, Bo}d, AlbertG. Brown, William J. Btown,
Buel, Chester Butler, Thomas B Butler, Joseph Cable, Jo-
seph P. Caldwell, Calvin, Campbell, Ca ey, Cleveland, W.
It, VV. Cobb, Cole, Conger, Corwin, Deberry, Duer, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Fitch, Fowler, Gerry, Gott, Gould, Greene,
HaHoway, Hampton, Hay, Haymond, Htbard, Henry,
Howe, William T. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Jones, Ju-
lian, Daniel P. King, Pte-ton King, Littleiield, Job Muin,
Matte-son, McDowell, McLanaban, Meade, Newell, Olds,
Otis, Peek, Phcenix, Pitman, Potter, Putnam, Risley, Root,
Rose, Ros-, Saeketr, Savage, Sawtelle, A. H. Stephens,
Strong, Svveeisi r, Thomas, Tuck, Waldo, Wemwortii,
Wilduck, Williams, Wmthrop, and Wood—78.
So, two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended, and the motion was not
entertained.
THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BROWNjOf Mississippi, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer a resolution,
which was read for information. The resolution
proposed that the bills reported from the Commit-
tee ori the District of Columbia should be made
the special order for the second Tuesday in June,
and for each succeeding day thereafter until they
should have been finally disposed of.
The SPEAKER inquired of the gendeman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] what bills the resolu-
tions contemplated ?
Mr. BROWN said, all the bills relating to the
District of Columbia, which had been reported
from the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. BROWN" moved that the rules of the House
be suspended, to enable him to introduce the reso-
lution.
Some conversation followed, on the right of the
Cha<r, of which nothing was heard on the left.
Mr. SACKETT called for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER said the Chair had already
stated that motions to suspend the rules were in
order to-day. If, therefote, agentleman rose and
moved a suspension of the rules, the motion was
in order.
Mr. INGE was understood to invite the Speaker
to state whether it was not the practice of the
House to set apart certain days for the considera-
tion of business relating to the District of Colum-
bia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, for the
information of the House, that it has been fre-
quently done. That it has always been done, the
Chair cannot state. But it is within the knowl-
edge of the Chair, that the House had very fre-
quently set apart days for the consideration of
business relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN. I find that there is a misappre-
hension on the part of gentlemen in this quarter
of the House, as to the day which the resolution
designates. Some gentlemen suppose that the j
day is the same which has heretofore been set
apart for the consideration of the bounty-land bill.
This is a mistake. The day proposed by my reso-
lution for the business of the District of Columbia,
is the second Tuesday in June. The day already
set apart for the consideration of the bounty-land
bill, is the third Tuesday in June.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended?"
was then taken, and decided in the negative.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not introduced.
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.
Mr. HAMPTON asked the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce certain joint resolutions
of the Legislatuie of Pennsylvania, in favor of the
establishment of an Agricultural bureau.
Mr. CONGER rot.e and objected.
Mr. HAMPTON moved that the rules of the
House he suspended for the purpose of enabling
him to introduce the resolutions.
The question, " Shall the rules be suspended ?"
was then taken, and decided in the negative, (two-
thirds not voting therefor.)
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lutions were not introduced.
LUMBER.
Mr. PRESTON KING asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce the following
resolution, which was read for information:
Resoh c<1, That the Secretaiy of the Treasury be lequested
to report to this Hon-^e how, and at what prices. *awed and
other lumber, paying ad varolem dutv, is estimated when
entered at the cu&lom-houses ot the United States on the
Cana hi frontier.
Objection was made.
Mr. K. moved that the rules of the House be
suspended, for the purpose of enabling him to in-
troduce the resolution.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
MINNESOTA TERRITORY.
Mr. SIBLEY asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved) That the Committee on Territories be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making provision by law
for granting to the legislative assembly of Minnesota terri-
tory, the right to prolong its next annual session to a period
ol ninety da>s, for the purpose of enabling it to perfect a
code of laws'lor said territory.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. ROOT objected to its introduction.
Mr. SIBLEY moved that the rules be suspended,
to enable him to introduce the resolution.
And the question, Shall the rules be sus-
pended ?" was taken, and.decided in the negative,
(two-thirds not voting therefor.)
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
NEWSPAPERS FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. JACKSON, of New York, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the follow-
ing resolution; which was read for information:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Po«t Roads be instructed to report to the Hou^e, ou ihe first
Tuesday of June next, or sootier, if practicable, a bill grant-
ing the free transmission by mail of newspaper^ within the
county in which published, or any distance not exceeding
fifty miles from the place ol publication ; and also, lor abol-
ishing the franking privilege, except in those cases where
it has been granted to individuals, or to tiie widows of indi-
uals who have distinguished themselvts by eminent servi-
ces to their country.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
resolution.
Mr. JACKSON moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to introduce it.
And the question, "Shall the rules be suspended?"
was then taken, and decided in the negative, (two-
thirds not voting therefor.)
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, said that if the
States were not to be called for resolutions, it was
scarcely worth while that the day should be con-
sumed in ineffectual motions to suspend the rules.
It would be better, he thought, that the House
should resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and he moved that the
rules of the House be suspended for that purpose.
DEBATE ON THE CALIFORNIA BILL.
Mr. STANLY rose, he said, to a privileged mo-
tion. It was his intention, to introduce a resolu-
tion providing for the termination of the debate on
the California bill. The House was now thin,
and he would not, therefore, offer the resolution at
this time, but he gave notice that he would do so
to-morrow.
CALIFORNIA.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the motion of Mr. McLane, of Maryland, that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The affirmative vote was declared to be 80.
Telleis were asked and ordered, (and Mr.Ogle,
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Waldo, of Connecticut,
were appointed.)
The question was then again taken, and the
motion was decided in the affirmative—ayes 82,
noes 61.
Mr. OTIS inquired of the Speaker, whether a
vote of two-thirds was not required?
The SPEAKER said, by a rule of the House,
the vote of a majority only was required to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of going into Com*
i mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
j So the House again resolved itself into Com-
I mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I (Mr. Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special message of
the President of the United States transmitting the
constitution of California.
Mr. CLARKE was entitled to the floor, and
; addressed the committee during the hour. His
remarks were directed, in a great measure, to a
leview of the comparative advancement of the
slave and the free States, in all things which tend
to elevate nations in the great scale of civilization
and improvement.
Whilst referring,in this connection, to the State
of Virginia—
Mr. HAYMOND interposed, and asked leave
to say a few words.
! Mr. CLARKE declined to yield the floor.
{ Once for all, he said, I will say to the gentleman,
I that I will lend him my breakfast if lam hungrv;
| niy umbrella if it rains; but, as regards my tight
I for one hour to this floor, for which I have lor
; weeks past been playing leap-frog1 here, I cannot
I give him any portion of that. [Mr. C.'s speech
i will ae found in the Appendix.]
