1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
House of Representatives, unless Congress shall
otherwise order, shall hereafter be two hundred
and thirty -three* and they have made a provision
and they furthermore make this law a permanent
law hereafter, unless Congress shall otherwise
decide.
I throw out these suggestions in order that the
amendments may be understood and their import-
ance realized. And now, sir, having made these
remarks I send the bill with the report of the com-
mittee to the Chair, and move that it be made the
special order of the day for to-morrow at half past
12 o'clock, in the expectation that it will be then
taken up and proceeded with until it shall be
adopted.
The motion was agreed to.
CLAIM OF WILLIAM COLLINS AND PETER G.
WASHINGTON.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to make a report
from the Committee of Claims, and as I have been
requested to solicit the Senate to act upon the re-
port immediately, I beg leave to make a prelimi-
nary remark or two. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] referred to the Committee of
Claims a resolution proposing to pay Mr. Wash-
ington and Mr. Collins $750 each for extra ser-
vices rendered in examining the claims of Roddy,
Carter, and others, which were referred to Messrs.
Washington and Collins by a resolution of the
Senate. These gentlemen have performed that
service, and according to the investigations made
by the committee, they required a little more than
four months to complete the task assigned to them,
out of office hours. ,The committee have thought
it reasonable to allow them at the rate of $100
each per month for this extra service. This sum
is proposed by the resolution to be paid out of the
contingent fund of the Senate. The claim of ;
Messrs. Roddy, Carter, and so forth, embraced \
many millions of dollars. They were contractors j
during the war of 1812, and furnished supplies, j
Various efforts have been made to settle their ac- I
counts, and the services of these gentlemen will I
probably bring that account to a close. They were, i
as I have stated, employed somewhere about four ;
months. The resolution proposed originally to i
allow them $750 each. That would be at the rate t
of $2,250 per annum extra pay, $3,000 per annum !
being the regular salary allowed them; so that they '
would he receiving pay at the rate of upwards of j
$5,000 per annum |
I hope the friends of the resolution, as it origin- '
ally stood, will allow this resolution to pass this i
morning, and if they think additional compensa- j
tion is due these claimants they can introduce a !
resolution to that effect hereafter. j
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, what is the !
state of the question ? j
The PRESIDING OFFICER^ This resolution |
has been read a first and second time, and referred I
to the Committee of Claims, who have reported it !
back with an amendment to strikeout the words 1
" $750" and insert "$413" in lieu thereof. i
Mr. HUNTER. Did I understand the Senator |
from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] as suggesting j
that this resolution should be allowed to pass, and •
then another resolution be offered giving additional |
compensation ? !
Mr. UNDERWOOD, (in his seat.) That was !
the suggestion. i
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I know that J
these gentlemen are only anxious to get what is j;
justly due to them, but they have good authority ;j
for saying that they are entitled to more than it is {j
proposed by the committee to give them. I have j.
letters in my possession on this subject. One of ;
them is from Mr. Walker, late Secretary of the "
Treasury, who says that they should be allowed
#1,250; another from Mr. McCulloch, the late !
Comptroller, who says that they should beallowed
$1,01)0; and also from Mr. Whittlesey, the present
Comptroller. There is, 1 think, some misappre-
hension on the part of the Committee of Claims,
for I have understood that these gentlemen had six
months' labor at this work. I know myself that it
was a very voluminous claim, and would take a
great deal of time to examine. I believe it involved
questions of the whole southern expenditure of the
War Department for something like two years.
They had to look through this vast mass of papers
and examine testimony, and those gentleman to
whose letters I have referred, say that they have
often seen them working late at night. The pre-
cedent has been to pay officers thus employed a
monthly per centage, according to the rate paid to
them per annum, and at such a rate 1 believe it
would amount to about $1,000. I shall move as
an amendment that that be the sum paid to them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the committee is not now before the
Chair.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I intended when I was
up to have moved to take it into consideration,
and, unless the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] wishes it to he over till another day, I
will move to take up the resolution, as amended
by the committee, now.
Mr- HUNTER. I have no wish that it should
lie over. I will offer the amendment I have just
given notice of, and leave it to be voted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
jj is on the amendment reported by the committee,
to strike out " &750" and insert " $413."
Mr. HUNTER. I move to strike out " $413"
and insert" $1,000." I do not intend to make any
remarks, but 1 Wish that the letters from gentle-
men connected with the department, to which I
have referred, may be read, that gentlemen may
know what the work is.
The Secretary read the letters from Mr. Walk-
er and Mr. McCulloch, referred to by Mr. Hun-
ter.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the Senate will listen
to the statement which I am about to make I will
be very brief. I think it was on the 9th of August,
1848, that the Senate passed the resolution referring
this claim to Messrs. Washington and Collins for
investigation and adjustment. After the passage
of the resolution these gentlemen advertised that,
! on the 5th or 6ch of October following, persons in-
terested in the claim, agents, attorneys, and so
forth, were to appear before them, and commence
the investigation. 1 asked one of the commission-
ers whether anything had been done subsequent to
the passage of the resolution and prior to the date
fixed for the meeting of the commissioners, agents,
attorneys, &c. His answer to that, in substance,
was, that the papers had been collected between
those dates, and I did not understand from him
that anything else had been done but the collection
of the papers. The papei s were here in Washing-
| ton, and therefore I regard the trouble of collecting
the papers as amounting to nothing. The time,
then, which elapsed between the meeting, accoid-
! ing to the advertisement, in the early part of Octo-
! ber, and the making up and rendering the report
in February following, was four months and a few
days. Tne committee thought proper, for this
extra labor, to allow these gentlemen at the rate of
$100 per month, making altogether $413 and some
odd cents when the extra days are considered.
Now, sir, I think that that is enough, and I will
only state the basis upon which my judgment is
formed, and then leave gentlemen to judge for
themselves. 1 admit, sir, that members of Con-
gress are hardly as valuable as some other officers
that we have, but still I am not willing to under-
rate my own services so far as to pay auditors
double and treble what I receive myself.
Now, sir, the allowance which we have made
to these gentlemen will, with the salary of $3,000
which they received out of the public treasury,
pay them at the rate of $11 53 per day, and the
resolution, as offered to be amended by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] would pay
them at the rate of $16 44 per day. 1 am not
willing to acknowledge that my own services to
the country, in comparison with the services of
these gentlemen, ought to be'depreciated more
than one-third, and 1 cannot see why $11 53 per
day is not sufficient pay for these gentlemen.
Some members of the committee even thought
that when the resolution of the Senate passed they
might have taken the matter up and acted upon it
in office hours, or if they found the performance
of this duty during office hours incompatible with
the regular duties imposed on them during that
time, they might have declined the service alto-
gether. For my own part, 1 am glad that they
have rendered this service, but I think that the
rate of over $11 per day is sufficient compensa-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. I will only detain the Senate
while I make a remark in relation to one fact. It
seems that the Senator from Kentucky bases his
opinion that four months was the time during
which these gentlemen were employed, upon a
statement made by one of the commissioners.
Now, i know th^t they were engaged for six
months, and very laboriously engaged; and I have
no doubt, therefore, that the honorable Senator is
laboring under some mistake in regard to that
matter. I refer, again, to the opinion of the late
Secretary and Comptroller of the Treasury as to
the value of these services. I know that it was a
very laborious case, and one that required a great
deal of time, and it was one that no lawyer would
have undertaken, if it had been referred to chan-
cery, for a sum less than this. I will not, how-
ever, detain the Senate any longer.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to the amendment,
and I am opposed to the resolution—the whole of
it. It is ail wrong; decidedly wrong; and wrong
in more than one aspect. I think it is wrong to
pay the salaties of the public auditors out of the
contingent fund of the Senate. I think we have
gone a great way with this contingent fund. We
have paid a pension out of it. We actually pen-
sioned, during the present session, one of tl e
laborers about the Capitol, who got wounded in
some service here, out of the conlingent fund of
the Senate, and now here is a proposition to pay
the Auditors of the Treasury Department, for ser-
vices which they have rendered as auditors, out
of the contingent fund of the Senate. If, sir, as
auditors of the Treasury, they have performed
public service for which they have not been suffi-
ciently remunerated, the proper, appropriate, and
legitimate mode of compensating them is by agen-
eral law, or by a law which would have the sanc-
tion of both Houses of Congress. I am opposed
also to the notion that the day may be divided oiF
from nine o'clock till three o'clock, and that the
three thousand dollars a year which these gentle-
men get, only pays them for six hours out of the
twenty-four, and that if anything is required to be
done out of these hours, they are to expect extra
pay for it. It is all wrong. Why, sir, we have
a great many judges in the different States, who
receive less compensation than this, that find all
their hours " office hours,'' sometimes late into
the night, and all their days " office days." I re-
member, sir, some years ago, I had occasion in
the other House to notice a measure, which after-
wards became a law, for paying the officers of the
Treasury, in addition to their regular salaries, for
signing their names to Treasury bills. I believe
it was a cent each time—by which they received
eight hundred to a thousand dollars in addition to
the salaries which they received as officers of the
Treasury. Now, I think the whole thing is wrong
—totally wrong. If the salaries paid by law are
not sufficient, we ought to raise the rate of com-
pensation, and it should not be done in this way
out of the contingent fund of the Senate. I will
not call for the yeas and nays, but I move to lay
the whole subject on the table.
Mr. BADGER. Will the gentleman withdraw
his motion for a moment? It would be better to
call for the yeas and nays than to cut off all dis-
cussion.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BADGER. I am opposed to both the
amendments proposed tn this resolution, and I am
in favor of the resolution as it was originally intro-
duced into the Senate. In the first place it is evi-
dent that these gentlemen are entitled to compen-
sation; they have performed duties which di.l not
belong to their official connection with the Govern-
ment, and no more reason can be given why these
gentlertien should not be paid for the performance
of these duties than if they had discharged these
same duties not being officers of the Government
at all. Where an officer discharges duties called
for by a resolution of the Senate as such, not fall-
ing within his appropriate official dunes, I cannot
understand the reasoning by which it is asserted
that he has no just claim for compensation for
performing these services. I therefore think that
these individuals ought to be paid. The sole dif-
ference between the proposition of the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] and that of the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] is as to the
amount to be paid, and to my mind it seems the
safest course to take the resolution as it was
originally introduced, (§750,) rejecting the amend-
ment proposing to enlarge it and that proposing to
reduce it.
Now, as to the fund from which this claim is to
be paid. It seems to me that the only appropriate
mode of paying these gentlemen is out of the con-
