1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
tion were filled upas theblanks were usually filled. ,
In relation to the form of the latter part of the*,
resolution, probably it was not such as it ought to
be; but the effect would be precisely the same as
if the form had been altered. In other words, the
effect would be to bring the House to a vote on
the* propositions pending, or which might be
offered in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to inquire of
the Speaker whether there was any statistical table
by which it could be ascertained how many mem-
bers, out of the two hundred and thirty composing
the aggregate of this House, had yet to speak?
The question," Shall the resolution be laid upon
the table r" was then taken.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. McMullen, who was accidentally be-
yond the bar when his name was called, asked the
unanimous consent of the House to record his
vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. HUBBARD preferred a similar request.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER then announced the result of
the vote as follows, yeas 65, nays 91.
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be laid upon the table.
The question then recurring on the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi , rose, hesaid,
to put an inquiry to the Chair. He desired the
Speaker to state, for the information of the House,
how many special orders there were between this
day and the time designated in the resolution for
the termination of the debate. And he (Mr. T.)
wished to make a statement to this effect 
Mr. WENTWORTH rose, he said, to a privi-
leged motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
his remarks for a single moment. The Chair de-
sires to state, in answer to the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Thompson] that the
House has set apart the following days for special
orders:
Two days—the 28lh and 29th of May—have
been set apart for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on Territories, The22d day of
May, and each succeeding day thereafter, until
disposed of, have been set apart for the consider-
ation of the reports heretofore made from the Com-
mittee on Elections, in relation to the application
for admission to seats in this House of the dele-
gates from the Territories of New Mexico and
Deseret.
No other special orders have been set apart for
any time between this day and that specified in
the resolution for the termination of the debate on
the California message.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. The univer-
sal rule has been that when, by an order of the
House, debate has been terminated in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on any given
proposition, all the time which intervened between
the adoption of the order and the day designated
for the close of the debate, should be given up to
the discussion of the pending subject. And gen-
tlemen will at once perceive that, if this were not
so, it would be in the power of a majority of the
House to cut off all debate upon the measure be-
fore the committee, and gag the House as effect-
ually as could be done by the application of the
previous question. I desire^—
The SPEAKER, interposing, said: All remarks
are out of order.
Mr. THOMPSON, (continuing.) If the object
of gentlemen is to cut off debate, then let us
understand it—for we might as well take the
question to-day.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose, he said, to a privi-
leged motion.
The SPEAKER recognized the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wentwokth.]
Mr. WENTWORTH, (continuing.) Or, rath-
er, I should say to a question of order. I sub-
mit to the Chair whether it is in order for gen-
tlemen to put these questions to the Chair, or for
the Chair to answer them ? If it is not in order,
I call upon the Chair to enforce the rules.
Mr. INGE rose, he said, to a privileged ques-
tion. As there seemed to be a disposition in the
House to force this resolution through, without
amendment or explanation, he thought it was de-
sirable, before the question was taken, that there
should be a fuller attendance than there was at
present. He moved, therefore, that there be a call
of the House, and on that motion he asked the
yeas and nays.
Mr. McCLERNAND desired to be informed
by the Speaker, whether the resolution was yet
within the control of the gentleman who of-
fered it?
The SPEAKER. The resolution has not yet
been acted on, and is therefore within the control
of the mover. But the Chair will state, that a mo-
tion has been made for a call of the House, and
that the House is now dividing on the question
of ordering the yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. McCLERNAND. I do not doubt that
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Inge,] who
made the motion, will allow me to say 
Mr. INGE, (interposing.) So far as I am con-
cerned, I have no objection. But it is not in my
power to say whether the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. McCi.erhand] shall proceed or not.
The SPEAKER If ihere is no objection, the
gentleman will proceed.
No objection appearing to be made—
Mr. McCLERNAND continued. I was about
to address myself, through the Chair, to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] 
Objections were now made to Mr. McCllr-
nand's proceeding.
So Mr. McC. took h is seat.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion of Mr. Inge that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. WILLIAMS suggested to the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Inge] that the resolution of
the gentleman from North Carolina might be
modified so as to postpone the time for the termi-
nation of the debate. There was no necessity for
fixing so early a period.
Mr. INGE. 1 will state to the gentleman from
Tennessee, that the resolution would be much more
acceptable to me, if it proposed to take an earlier
day. If such a resolution is to be passed, I pre-
fer an earlier day.
The question was tak*n, and decided in the
negative—yeas 74, nays 97.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. STANLY. I understand I can alter the
day now ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is within the
control of the gentleman.
Mr. STANLY. At the suggestion of several
gentleman on the other side of the House, I mod-
ify the resolution by substituting the second Tues-
day in June, for the time first designated.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I should
like to know if the first week in June is not already
occupied by a special order?
The SPEAKER referred to a statement he had
previously made, showing that the time now in-
dicated by Mr. Stanly was not assigned to the
special order referred to.
Mr. THOMPSON. Yes; but there is another
special order—the bounty land bill.
The SPEAKER. That is the special order for
the third Tuesday.
Mr. INGE. I wish to make an inquiry. If
the House adopt this resolution now, will'it be in
the power of the House to change the time—to fix
upon a nearer, or a more distant day?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
if the resolution be adopted, it would not be in
order to fix on a more distant day; and the Chair
thinks it would not be in order to fix a nearer day.
If the day designated is fixed upon, u could not
be altered, except by rescinding the resolution.
Mr. INGE. Then it can only be rescinded on
Monday. It seems to me very improper for this
House, at this time, to tie its hands.
1'he SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
The question was again announced upon the
resolution fixing the second Tuesday in June foi ,
the termination of the debate.
Mr. McMULLEN. 1 would like to hear the
resolution as modified, reported.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, as modified,
will be reported.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. JONES moved to amend the resolution by
striking out the latter part theieof and inserting j
" such bills and amendments thereto as may be j
offered." I
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union might report a mere res-
olution. If the gentleman desires it, the latter
part of the resolution will be modified (as there
are precedents for it) so as to provide that the
committee report their action to the House. But
the Chair will state- to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, that there can possibly be no difficulty in
reference to the language used in the .resolution;
for, in the strict parliamentary sense, all bills and
resolutions offered m Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union upon the President's message
are in the nature of amendments; and the object
of the resolution being understood by the House
to bring the committee to a vote upon the pendii g
propositions and such amendments thereto as may
be offered, the resolution will apply to all bills
and resolutions before the committee, relative to
the message; so there can be no difficulty about
it.
Mr. JONES. The resolution provides that de-
bate on the President's message shall be termi-
nated, and the committee shall proceed to vote on
such amendments as may be offered thereto. To
what? To the President's message, if gentle-
men who are in favor of the resolution wish it to
stand in that way I have no objection.
Mr. BOYD. 1 move to lay the resolution on
the table. 0
Mr. INGE asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. BOOTH. Has not one vote been taken
upon the motion to lay on the table?
The SPEAKER. The resolution has been modi-
fied since taking that question-
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 67, nays 105; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Ashe. Aveiett, B.njly, Beale,
Bocnek, Bowdon, Bowie, Bo>d, Albert G Blown, Chester
Butler, E. C. Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, Jos. P. Caldwell,
Clubman, W. R. W. Cobb, Coleoek, i)(-b<>rry, lnmnuck,
Gorman, Green, Hall, Haralson, l>ham G. Ham.-, Sampson
W. Hairis, Hoaglaud, HoIJaday, Holme.-, Howard,Hubbard,
Inije, James L. Johnson, Rolu rt W. JuM^on, K*ut-
man, Kfi r, La be re, Marshall, Ma^on, Mr bowell, M Mul-
len, M< Q-uctii, Meade, Million, Morehetiri, Morse, Morton,
Orr, Outlaw, Potter, Powell, Ro-s, Fr«dentk P Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Afexanch r H. Stephen*, Swee c( r,
Thonia*, Jacob Thompson, John B. Phonip-oii, William
Thompson, Toombs, Venable, Wallace. Williams, and
Woodward—67.
NAYS—Mws-rs. A!berl«on, Alexander, Anderson, Baker,
Bennett, Bingham, liissell, Booth, Bovvlui, Bn^g*, Brooks,
Buel, Barrows, Thomas ii ButU r, Jose ph Cable, Calvin,
Campbell, Cartier, Ca^ey, Chandler, Clark >, Cleveland. Cole,
Conger, Corwio, CroweJI, Duer, Duncan, Dunham, Dm kee.,
Nathan Evans, Fitch, Fowler, Fuller, Gihnore, Goit, Gould,
Halloway, Hamilton, Hampton, Harlan, Bay, Haunond,
Hebard, Henry, Hibhard, Hou>!on, Howe, Hunter, Win. T.
Jackson, Julian, Daniel P. King, John A. King, Preston
Kins;, Lf flier, Levin, Littlefield, Hoi ace Mann, Jub Mann,
MeCh'rnand, McDonald, McGaughey. McKis-ock. McLai.a-
han, Robert M. McLane, Meacham, Moore, Morns. Nelson,
Newe 1. Ogle, Olds Otis, Peaslee, Pet k, Phelps, Phcpmx,
Pnman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, RisJt'3, Roubins, Rose,
Rum«ey, SackKt, Sawielle, Sehenck, (Schoolcraft, Siives
ter, Sprauue, Stanly, Stetson, Taylor, 1 uc k, Underbill, Van
Dvke, Vinton, Waldo, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wildrick,
Wilson, VViuthrop, and Wood—105.
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be laid upon the table.
Mr. WALLACE moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. McMULLEN asked the yeas and nays on
that motion*.
The SPEAKER proceeded to ascertain whether
the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLEN appealed to the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Wallace] to withdraw
his motion toadjnurn for a few moments.
Mr. WALLACE. If I should withdraw it,
will the gentleman renew it?
Mr McMULLEN said he would do so.
So the motion to adjourn was withdrawn.
Mr. McMULLEN now inquired of the Speaker
whether it was in order to move an amendment to
the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is open to
amendment.
Mr. McMULLEN requested theSpeakerto state
what was the day designated in the resolution for
the termination of the debate.
The SPEAKER. The second Tuesday in June.
Mr. McMULLEN moved to amend the resolu-
tion by sti iking out the " second" Tuesday, and
inserting: the " fourth" Tuesday.
The SPEAKER stated the amendment.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, suggested to Mr.
Stakly to accept the amendment as a modification
of his resolution.
