THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
Mr. McMPLLEN said he had understood the
Speaker m say that no debate was now in order.
The SPEAKER said no remarks aie now in
order-
Mr. McMullen said he would appeal to the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] to
accept his amendment as a modification of ihe
original resolution.
The SPEAKER.. All remarks are out of order.
The SPEAKER then said there is some techni-
cal objection to the language of the resolution.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stanly]
has, therefore, modified it to read as follows:
Rnsohed, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on thr state of the Union on the message of the Pre<s-
jdent o£ the United States transmitting the constitution of
California, shall cease at one o'clock on the second Tuesday
in June next, (if the committee shall not sooner come to a
conclusion upon the same \) and the committee shall tnen
proceed to vote on such propositions as may he pending, or
offered, and shall then reporttothe House such propositions
as may have been agreed to hv the committee.
The question was then stated to be on the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
mcmullen]
Mr. MARSHALL inquired of the Speaker
whether the bounty-land bill had not been made
the special order for the day designated by the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER said the bounty-land bill re-
ferred to by the gentleman, had been made the
special order for the third Tuesday in June.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, requested the
Speaker to state what the amendment was.
- The SPEAKER having done so—
Mr. BUTLER moved that the further consider-
ation of the resolution be postponed until the first
Monday in June.
A number of voices expressed assent.
Mr. INGE asked the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion to postpone; which were ordered.
Mr. WOOD requested the Speaker to state the
question.
The SPEAKER did so.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 78, nays 89; as follows: 1
YEAS—Messrs. Alston, Anderson, Ashe, Averett, Bayly,
Beale, Bocook, Bowdon. Bowie, Bowlm, Boyd, Albeit G.
Brown, C. Butler, e. C. Cabell, G. A. Caldwell, J. P. Cald- >
well. Clingman, W. R W. Cobb, Coleock, Deberry, Dim- j
tnick, Gentry, Green, Hill, Hamilton,Haralson, I. G. Hnrris, ;
S. W. Harris, Haymond, Hodgland, HolhdaV, Holmes, i
Howard, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, R. W. Johnson, j
Joui «, Kaufman, Kerr, La Sfcre, Marshall, Mason, McDow ]
ell, McLanahan, R. M. MeLane, McMullen, McQueen, ,
McVViilie, Meade, Miller, \;ilf-on, Vorebead, Mor-e. Mor-
ton, Orr, Outlaw, Potter, Robbms. Ross, Savage, Seddon,
Shepperd, Frederick P. Stanton, R. II. Stanton, Alexander 1
H. Stephens, Swvetser, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B.
Thompson, W Thompson, Toombs Venalde, Wallace, i,
Wfitkins, Wild,lck, William*, and Woodward—78. t.
NAY'S—Messrs Albert^on, Alexander, Baker, Bennett,
Bingham, Dispell, Booth. Buel, Burrows, J Cable, Calvin, 1!
Campbell, Cartter, Casev, Chandler, Clarke, Cleveland, :i
Cole, Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Duncan, Dunham, Du rkee,
Nathan Evans, Fitoh, Fowlei, Fuller, Gerry. Gilmore, Gott, 1
G >uM, Haliowav, Hampton, Harlan, Hav, Hehard, Henry, •
Hib'« ird, Houston, Howe, Hunter, W. T. Jackson, Julian,
D. P. Kin?, John A K n , Preston King, L«-ffl?r, LirtlefHd, '
H. Mann, Matteson, McClernand, McDonald, MeGaughey,
MeKi.->ock, Moore, Morris, NeJ<on, Newell, Ogle, Oils,
Pea«|pp, Peek, Phelps, Putnam, Reed, Rej nolds, Risley,
Rose, Rutn^ey, Sack^tr, SawteUe, Schenck, Schoolcraft,
Silvester, Sprague, Stanly, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, Tuck,
Underbill, Vinton, Waldo, Wentworth, Whittlesey, Wil-
son, Wmthrop, and Wood— 69.
So the House refused to postpone the further
consideration of the resolution.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. McMullen—
Mr. PRESTON KING. I desire to offer an
amendment to the form of the resolution.
Mr. SWEETSER. Would it be in order to
move to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ? 1
The SPEAKER, (in reply to Mr. King.) An
amendment to the resolution is now pending; the 1
only further amendment in older would be an i
amendment to the amendment. i
Mr. KING. I desire my amendment to be .read.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can be re- 1
ported, if no objection is made; but it is not in
order.
Mr. SWEETSER. Would it be in order to
move to suspend the rules to go into Committee i
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The question upon the reso- I
iuiion is a privileged question; and therefore has j
precedence, * :
The question was again announced to be on ;
the amendment of Mr. McMullen, to strike out j
the second Tuesday and insert the fourth Tuesday ;
in June. j
Mr. McCLERNAND- T wish the Chair to :
state whether this resolution is debatable. f
The SPEAKER It is not. |
Mr. McCLERNAND. Then a motion for the !
previous question will not exclude debate; for it
is not debatable at any rate. I move, then, the
previous question.
The question was taken on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, and the vote was
announced—ayes 65, noes 52.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked for tellers on the ques-
tion.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi. I should
like to know whether, if we sustain the demand
for the previous question, a motion to postpone
the resolution for a week or ten days will be in
order ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone would
be cut off if the demand for the previous question
is seconded.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Harris, ofTen-
nessee, and Mr. Corwin, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 83, noes 45.
So the demand for the previous question was
seconded.
The main question was ordered—being first on
agreeing to the amendment of Mr. McMullen.
Mr. VENABLE asked the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[deficiency bill.
A message was received from the Senate by the
hands of Asbury Dickens, esq., their Secretary,
announcing that the Senate had concurred in the
amendments made by the House to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
So the bill awaits only the signature of the
President to become a law.]
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. McMullen, and decided in the negative—
yeas 66, nays 97; as follows :
yEAS—Me«srs. Alston, Ashe, Averett, Bayly, Beale, Bo-
co k. Bowie, Boyd, G. A. Caldwell, J. P. Caldwell, Calvin,
Ca?ey, Chnemyn, W. R. W. Cobb, Deberry, Dimmick,
Green, Hamilton, Haralson, i. G. Harris, S. W. Harris, Hay-
montf,Hilliard, Hoagiand, HoJIiday, Holme*, Howard, Hub-
bard, A. Johnson, J. L. Johnson, R. W. Johnson, Jones,
Kaufman, Kerr, La Sere, Marshall, Mason, McDowell, R.
M. MeLane, McMullen, MeQuefn, MeWilhe. Meacbam,
Meade, Millson. Morehead, Morse, Morton, Orr, Outlaw,
R'),«?, Savage, Seddon, Sb- pperd, F. P. Stanton, R. H.
Stanton, Sweet-er, Thomas. Jacob Thompson, J H. Thomp-
, son, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Watknia, Williams, and
Woodward—66.
NAYS—Me^r*. Albertson, Alexander, Baker. Bennett,
Bis-ell, Booth. Bowhn, Bngg=, Brooks, A. G. Brown, Buel,
Burrows, T. B. Butler, J. Cable, Campbell. Cartter, ("hand-
ler, Clarke, Cleveland^ Conger, Corwin, Crowell, Dunham,
Dnrkee, N. Evan«, Fst'-h, Fowler, Fulh-r, Gilmore, Goruian,
Gott, Gould, Grmnell, Hill, Halloway, Hampton, Harlan,
Hay, Hebard, Henry, Hibbard, Houston, Howe, Hunter,
W. T. Jackson, Julian, D. P. King, (t. G. King, J. A. King,
P. King, Leftler, Littlefielri, H. Mann, Matteson, M^CIer-
nard, McDonald. McKissock, MtLanahan, Miller, Moore,
Morn", Nel*on, Newell, Ogle, On*, Pea-lee, Peck, Phelps,
Pitman, Putnam, Reed, Reynolds, Risley, Robbing, Root,
Rose, Rum-ey, Sackett, Schenck, Schoolcraft, Silvester,
Sprague, Stanly, Stetson, Strong, Taylor, W. Thompson,
Tuck, Underbill, Vinton, Waldo, Wentworth, Whittleseyj
Wildrick, Wilson, Winthrop, ami Wood—97.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
! the resolution, as modified.
The question was taken, and, without adivision,
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a reconsideration
' of the vote, and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
; It was ordered accordingly.
i So the House decided that all debate in Com-
, mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
the special message of the President relaiing to
' California, should terminate on the second Tues-
day of June.
: Mr. WALLACE asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution, which
was read for information, proposing to instruct
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions to rc-
, port a bill to extend the pension system to those
, of the revolutionary army, continental line, and
militia, who served four months.
Objection was made.
I So the resolution was not received.
! CALIFORNIA.
I Mr. BAYLY moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was taken, and decided in the af-
firmative, without a division.
So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Boyd, of Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the special message of the
President of the United Slates, transmuting the
constitution of California.
Mr. MEACHAM was entitled to the floor, and
, addressed the committee during the hour, (in re-
ma! ks which will be published to-morrow.)
Mr. M. having concluded—
| Mr. JULIAN obtained the floor, and yielded to
a motion bv
I Mr. CROWELL, that the committee rise.
The question was taken, and the committee re-
| fused to rise.
| Mr. JULIAN then addressed the committee for
i an hour, (in remarks which will be published here-
j Mr! HAYMOND then obtained the floor, but
! yielded to a motion that the committee rise,
: The motion having prevailed—
; The committee rose and reported progress.
! Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
! rolled Bills, made a report.
| And the House adjourned.
j PETITIONS, &c.
- The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
1 presented under the rule, and referred to iheappro-
1 priate committees:
By Mr. BRIGGS: The memorial of Lieutenant J. K«
Goldslioroitgh and other officers of the United State* ISavy,
praying Congress to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to frank through his department the private letter> and
papers addressed to officers and men of the navy on foreign
stations.
By Mr. SCHEVCK: The memorial of the members of the
General Assembly of the State of Ohio, praying for the com-
pletion ot the National Road to the western boundary ol that
State.
Also, the petition of 67 citizens of Dayton, Ohio, praying
■ that slavery and the slave trade may be expres.-ly prohibited
by act of Conere.«s, in all ihe territories of the United states.
By Mr. BURROWS : The petition of the members ot the
bar of the county of Orleans, New York, for the establish-
ment of a new judicial district, and district court, in the
western part of the State of New York.
| By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition of William
J Vauntrson and 250 other*, citizens of Mls?.is ippi, praying
I the removal of the land offices Irom Washington to Monti-
jj cfclio, and from Augusta to Paulding.
|: Also, the petition of George Nicholson and 50 others, pray-
i, ing for the *ame tiling.
i, Also, the petition of D. W. Middleton and 20 others, citi-
; zeus of Washington city, pra> ing for the improvement of
1 New Ji-r-ev Avenue
1 B\ Mr. THUKS J'ON: A memorial of a citizen of Orpgon
i Territory,asking the location of certain territorial road> m
! said terntnry, and for certain appropriations, to aid In con-
; structing the same.
On motion by Mr. CHANDLER,
j Ordered, That the petition of the orphan children of John
: f5. Ardes, (a.-king by their guardian, that their pen.-mns m y
' be restored to them, which was withheld in consequence of
I the omi«ion of the word u orphan," in the last law relative
' to the Navy PenMon Fund,) be withdrawn from the files,
! and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 14, 1850.
Mr. DOWNS. I hold in my hand the petition
of James McMaster, setting forth that on a tract
of land belonging to him m Louisiana, the United
States have erected certain military works, u ithout
obtaining any title. The subject has been consid-
ered by the Government, and the owners have
long waited for a decision. The case was sub-
mitted to the Attorney General for his decision
more than twelve months ago, but there has been
no response, no decision. Now, this person pe-
titions Congress merely that the work be demol-
ished, or that Congress proceed to purchase Ins
title. I would call the earnest attention of the
Military Committee to the subject. It is certainly
a very hard case. The United States have taken
the property of this individual for the public ser-
vice without taking any pains to obtain his title.
The petitioner has waited twelve months, expect-
ing a decision of the Attorney General, and it
seems right that the United States should not take
his property for their service without buying from
him his title to it, which is perfectly good. He
insists that action on this matter shall be delayed
no longer. I therefore present ihe memorial, and
move that it be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
The petition was so referred.
