1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
Mr. DOWNS. I have also a memorial from a
number of persons, chiefly ladies, residing in Baton
Rouge, in the State of Louisiana, representing that,
on the grounds belonging to the garrison, the
property of the United States near that place, is a
lot of land appropriated for a grave-vard. It be-
longs to the United States, but has been used
jointly by the citizens of the place and by the
garrison. In consequence of this, so many of the
citizens have been buried there that it is now in a
state in which it needs much improvement. The
inhabitants cannot improve it because it belongs to
the United States. The officer of the garrison
cannot improve it because he has no authority to
do so. Therefore the citizens of Baton Rouge,
126 ladies among them, petition Congress that a
reasonable appropriation be made for the improve-
ment of this ground. I move that the memorial
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so relerred.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Joseph
H. D. Bowman, asking that a patent may be issued
for certain lands entered by him at the land office
at Ouachita, in the State of Louisiana; which was
referred the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a petition of citizens
of Chicago, Illinois,asking that the public domain
be granted in limited quantities to actual settlers
not possessed of other lands; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HALE. I have received, and been re-
quested to present to the Senate, a petition signed
by one hundred and twenty-five citizens of the Dis-
trict,of Columbia, amongst whom are some of the
most respectable citizens in the District, represent-
ing the great necessity there is for the reorganiza-
tion of their judicial system. They close their
petition by requesting that whatever may be done,
a suitable provision mav be made for the venera-
ble Chief Justice of the District, on account of his
long, useful, eminent, and faithful services. These
petitions will, I suppose, go appropriately to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
White up I wish to say that if the facts and
statements which have recently come to my knowl-
edge as facts are to be relied on, and upon which
I do rely, this District, governed by the concen-
trated wisdom of the thirty States of this Union,
and which ought to have the very bestsystem, has
immeasurably the worst administration of justice
that is to be found within the jurisdiction of the
United States. I mo.ve that the memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. MANGUM. I have been requested, and
that request comes from a very respectable source,
to present a petition, very numerously signed by
the members of the bar, together with business men
of this District, merchants, and others, asking Con-
gress for a reform and reorganization of the judi-
ciary of the District of Columbia. This petition
comes in a very imposing form, and 1 hope the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom I move that
it be referred, will give their special attention to it.
The petition was then referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which w,as referred the amendments of
the House tn the Senate amendments to the bill to
supply the deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1850, recommended that the amendments of the
House be concurred m.
On his motion the Senate proceeded to their con-
sideration, and the amendments of the Hou&e
were concurred in.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase for the
use of the Government, Kases's patent suction,
or fiic engine pump, reported adversely on the
same. .
The report of the committee was concurred in.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which were referred the several memo-
rials asking to remit the duties on certain goods
destroyed by fire, reported a bill to remit or re-
fund duties upon goods, wares, and merchandise
destroyed by fire; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BRADBURY, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill authorizing
the payment of interest upon the advances made
by the State of Maine for the use of the United
States Government in the protection of the North-
eastern frontier; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. CLEMENS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to grant alternate quarter sections
of land to the Tuscaloosa Plank Road Company
along the line of said road.
BILL FROM THE HOUSE.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Solomon T. Nicoll and James Clinch,
of the city of New York, was read a first and
second time by us title, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
ENGINEERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. YULEE moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of bill No. 81, being the bill to
amend an act regulating the appointment and pay
of engineers in the navy of the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
THE SEVENTH CENSUS.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
special order, set apart for half-past twelve o'clock
this day, being the amendments made by the
House of Representatives to the bill to provide for
taking the seventh census of the United States.
The first section of the bill was read.
This section the House had amended by striking
out the words, "Also, the statistics of agriculture
when ihe annual product of the farm is not equal
to $150; also, the statistics of other productive in-
dustry where the annual product of the establish-
ment, exclusive of domestic manufactures in fami-
lies, is not equal to |>500."
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The commit-
tee propose that the Senate disagree to that amend-
ment. 1 will state in a few words the reason why
we propose to disagree. The Senate proposed
that the account of agricultural products should
not be taken unless they amounted in value annu-
ally to $150; and that no account should be taken
of manufacturing and industrial establishments
unless the annual product amounted to $500. The
striking out of that provision would leave it un-
limited, and would impose upon those who take
the census the necessity of taking everything. The
view taken of it in the Senate was, that it would
create too much labor, while the actual advantage
would not be very great. The committee, there-
fore, are of opinion that the Senate had better ad-
here to the ruie they have already established, and
they therefore recommend that the Senate disagree
to that amendment of the House,
The amendment was then disagreed to.
Sec. 2. This section provides that each of the
marshals, before entering upon his duties, shall
take and subscribe an oath, the form of which is
therein prescribed.
The House amended this section by inserting
the words "or affirmation," after the word
" oath;" also, in the branch of the sentence which
provides that the oath or affirmation shall be taken
and subscribed before any circuit or district judge
of the United Slates, by the addition of the words
"or before any judge of any State court;" also,
in the form of oath, by inserting the words " to
the best of my abilityso that the maifchal shall
swear that he will, to the best of his ability, enu-
merate, or cause to be enumerated, the inhabit-
ants, and discharge the other duties devolving
upon him; also, by substituting the word "judge"
for "magistiate" in the branch of the section
which provides that, when the oath is duly au-
thenticated by the judge before whom it was
taken, a copy thereof shall be deposited with the
Secretary of the Interior; and also by sinking out
the words "presume to" in the provision that
"no marshal shall presume to discharge any of
the duties herein required, until he has taken and
subscribed the oath, and forwarded a copy, as
therein provided.
The Senate committee recommended a concur-
rence in these amendments, and they were con-
curred in accordingly.
Sec. 3. This section provides that each marshal
shall separate his district into subdivisions, con-
taining not exceeding twenty thousand persons in
each, unless the limitation to that number causes
inconvenient boundaries, in which case the number
may be larger; and shall also estimate, from the
best sources of information which he is able to
obtain, the number of square miles in each subdi-
vision; to which the House had added, " and
transmit the same to the Department of the Inte-
rior."
The House had also amended the residue of
the section by inserting the words in italic, as fol-
lows:
"Provided, however, That in bounding such subdivisions,
the limits thereof shall be known civil divisions, *uch as
county, kwulred, parish, lownskifi, lown, city, ward, or dis-
trict lines, or highways, O! naiuial boundaries .such as rivers,
lakes/5 &c.
To these amendments the Senate committee
recommended a concurrence, and they were con-
curred in accordingly.
Sec. 4. This section provides that each mar-
shal may, and if unable to perform the duties himselft
shall appoint an assistant for each subdivision,
who is a resident therein, to wh<?m he shall give
a commission, under his hand, authorizing him to
perform the duties herein assigned to assistants;
which commission shall set forth the boundaries
of the subdivision, and the estimated number of
square miles containtd in the same, of which appoint-
ment so made, [and] the boundaries so specified,
and the square mites so estimated in each subdivision,
the marsnal shall keep a true and faithful record.
The House of Representatives had amended this
section by striking out the words which we have
placed m italic, and inserting the word which we
have placed in brackets.
The committee of the Senate recommended a
concurrence in the first of these amendments, and
a non-concurrence in the other amendments.
The first amendment was agieed to.
The question was then taken on the other
amendments collectively,and they were not con-'
curred in.
Mr. PRATT. It seems to me that, if I under-
stood the leading of the section, the Senate prob-
ably voted under a misapprehension. If I under-
stood the Chair, the question was whether we
should adopt the amendment of the House m the
seventh line. The provision, as it now reads, is
this:
"Each marshal may, and if unable to perform the duties
himself, shall appoint an assistant for each subdivision, who
a resident therein, to whom he shall give a commission,,
under hi< hand, authorizing hun to peifoim the duties here-
in assigned to assistants; which commission shall set forth
the boundaries of the subdivision, and the estimated num-
ber ot equate miles contained in the same."
The objection I have to it is this : Tn order that
the labor which is to be performed under the pro-
visions of this bill may be performed, it is neces-
sary that the marshals and their assistants should
set to work as soon as the census bill is passed.
If the amendment of the House is not adopted, it
will require the marshal, before he issues a com-
mission to his assistant, to have ascertained, in
some way, the number of square miles in each
county, each hundred, or in each of those sub-
divisions which are provided for by the bill If
this is to be obtained by actual survey, it will take
a great length of time to do it. Before the mar-
shal can issue a commission, he must, of course,
as a preliminary, know what is to be inserted in
the commission; and if the amendment of the
House be not adopted, the marshal will have to
ascertain the estimated number of square miles
contained in each subdivision before he can issue a
commission to an assistant for that subdivision.
Now, it is impossible,as it appears to me, that the
marshals can perform thi3 duty. I hope, there-
fore, that some gentleman who voted in the ma-
jority will move to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate has disagreed to the amendment of the
House, in order that the subject may be more thor-
oughly explained.
Mr. CASS moved the reconsideration of the
vote.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, and the
question recurred on concurring in the amendment
of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I have only
to say that the committee have considered both
