1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
we thought the two sections contained in the ori-
ginal bill answered the purpose better than the
proposed amendment.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the amendment^ and it was not concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The vote on the
amendment of the House has probably been
taken without the Senate exactly understanding
the question. I myself voted in the negative,
thinking that I was voting against the recom-
mendation of the committee, and not against the
amendment of the House, which I intend to
support. I therefore move a reconsideration of
the vote by which the Senate non-concurred in
that amendment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on concurring with
theamendmentof the House; which was agreed to.
Sec. 6. This section was stricken out by the
House as a necessary consequence of the adop-
tion of preceding amendments, in which the Senate
concu rred.
Sec. 7. was unamended.
Sec. 8 The House struck out this entire sec-
tion, and inserted a substitute, as follows:
"That any m r«h.il may, in case of sickne s or other dis-
ability, appoint a deputy marshal, for the special purposes of
this act, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior} who shall have all the powers, perform all the duties,
and be subject to all the penalties ofihe said marshal."
To this amendment the Senate committee rec-
ommended a disagreement.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I would sim-
ply state that probably the amendment of the
House was made without exactly understanding
the object which the Senate had in view. The
Senate intended to authorize the marshal to ap-
point a deputy in case of sickness, so that he
was unable to perform his duties, and also to
take that portion of the census which may be
termed the social statistics. That subject was
considered when the bill was here before. The
social statistics are those matters which relate to
ascertaining the amount of taxation, crime, and
other things to be collected from various sources
within the State. Now, it was supposed that a
deputy might be needed to procure this sort of in-
formation, and that it might not be inappropriate
to the taste of the deputy to collect the informa-
tion in one subdivision or more, and inasmuch as
this relates to towns and counties, it was sup-
posed the marshal might appoint persons under
the name of deputy marshals to perform this ser-
vice. It was supposed that it would be necessary
to have some person to perform the duties which
belong to the marshal in case of his sickness, and
that these persons might do both. The amend-
ment proposes that, in case of sickness or other
disability, he may appoint a marshal to perform
his duties; arid tnis is to be done with the appro-
bation of the Secretary of the Interior. Now it is
very obvious that a marshal in Oregon cannot
send to the Secretary of the Interior to get his ap-
frobatton; nor could he send from Missouri, or
liinois, or almost any other part of the country
consistently with a proper dispatch of business.
The amendment only throws embarrassment in
the way, and we thought we had better adhere to
the original plan.
The question being taken on concurring in the
amendment, it was non-concurred in.
Sec. 9. The House of Repiesentatives had
amended this section by striking out certain parts
of the provision defining the compensation of the
marshals and inserting the following:
"And the Secretary of the Interior «hali render to the
marshals and a^isttnt marshals ot the Territories such
compensation lor then services as lie shall deem justaud
equuable."
The committee of the Senate recommend a non-
concurrence in this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I will merely
observe that the difference between the propositions
of the Senate and House is this: The Senate pro-
vide a certain compensation to the marshal, which
is one dollar per thousand, where the number of in-
habitants exceeds a million, and one dollar and a
quarier where it is under a million; but they put
in this proviso, that the pay of no individual mar-
shal should be less than $250. They put in a fur-
ther proviso, that with regard to Florida the pay
should be such an equitable sum as the Secretary
of the Interior should determine was reasonable.
Now, the House propose to strike out this $250,
an amendment which was put in by the Senate
when the bill was under consideration before.
They want in certain cases to employ clerks, and
to. leave Florida out of the question; and by the
amendment they propose that theSecretary of the
Interior shall be allowed to make such compensa-
tion as he shall think proper to the marshals in
the several territories. In a word, the change is
to strike out $250, to strike out Florida, and make
it apply to the territories alone, and to strike out :
the provision for furnishing a clerk when this sum
comes within a certain limit. The committee
thought that inasmuch as the former bill contained
a provision of this character, and inasmuch as !
there are three marshals in Florida, the former pro-
vision should be adhered to.
The question being taken, the amendment was
not concurred in.
Another amendment to the same section, by !
striking out ihe words which authorize the mar-
shal personally to perform the duties assigned by
this act to assistants, and to receive the same
compensation for those services, and to substitute
another provision merely authorizing him at his
discretion to perform the duties of an assistant in
any subdivision in which he may reside, was con-
curred in.
Sec. 10. Two amendments to this section,
which were merely verbal, were concurred in.
The one was simply the insertion of the words
" or affirmation" after the word " oath," and the
other to strikeout the words " filed with," and in-
sert the word k'forwarded."
Sec. 11. The amendment to this section, which
was merely verbal, was also concurred in. It was
simply lo strike out the words " on the spot."
Sec. 12 provides " That each assistant [shall
i make three fair and complete copies of all the
' memoranda thus obtained in his district, num-
* bering each page and subscribing his name
* thereon; all which he shall, at the earliest possi-
< ble day before the 1st of October next, transmit
* to the marshal, having first certified thereon under
* his hand, and made oath to the same before a
* magistrate competent to administer oaths, that he
4 has, according to the best of his skill and judg- j
i ment, executed his duties in conformity with the |
' provisions of this act, and has made in the tables j
* a faithful and true record of his doings from day j
' to day, (having dated each day's work,) and :
* employed his best exertions to obtain the tiuth ;
' in the manner required by personal visits and
4 inquiries at the places where the families live,
1 and where the business, an account of which is :
' given, is done."] I
The House of Representatives had stricken out
all the words which we have placed between
brackets, and inserted the following:
" Shall within one month after the time specified for the
completion ot the enumeration lumish the original census
returns to the cleik ot the county court ol their respective
counties, arid two copies, duly compared and correct* d, to
the marshal of this distuct. He shall affix his signature to
each page of the schedules before he returns Uu m to his
martial, and on the la«t pa^e thereof shall state the whole
number of pagrs in each return, and ceitify that they were
well and uuly made according to the tenor of las oath of
office."
The committee of the Senate recommended a
disagreement to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Ioughttoinform |
the Senate that this has some connection with the i
previous amendment in the fifth section, which ;
has been agreed to; and, although I care very little !
what disposition is made about making returns to ;
county courts, or courts of record, yet there is one :
feature in this amendment which I object to, be-
cause I think it is quite inferior to the provision
contained m the ouginal bill. It is this: in draw-
ing the original bill, the committee and the Senate, ■
I suppose, had constantly m view the object of
getting the census as perfect as it was possible to
obtain it; therefore, when they made a provision
that the assistant marshal should take it witum a
certain subdivision, and make up his returns and '
communicate it to the marshal, they required in
the original bill that he should make a certificate j
at the bottom, specifying where he had performed !
his duties, and the manner in which he had per- j
formed them, and that he should make oath to I
that. Now, the House propose to waive that, ;
and simply require htm to declare that he had dis-  
charged his duty according to the tenor of his oath.
We thought there was a substantial difference in
principle; since in one case the man would be j
required to swear to particulars, and in the other, j
that he had performed his duty according to the
tenor of his oath. This connects itself with the
other amendment of which 1 spoke, and 1 do not
know that the Senate can do any better than agiee
to this clause since they have agreed to that. I
thought it was my duty to state these facts.
Mr. DAWSON. There is an additional reason
why this should be agreed to. There are three
copies of the census to be taken. The original
bill requires that all three of the copies shall be
transmitted to the marshal. The amendment says
that the deputy marshal shall deposit one in the
county und transmit the other two. This saves
| the transmission of one-third of the copies. But,
as the chairman says, we have agreed lo the
amendment in the fifth section, and it follows, as
a matter of course, we must agree to this.
The question being- taken on concurring in the
amendment of the House, it was agreed to.
Sec. 13 provides " that each assistant shall be
allowed as compensation for his services after the
rate of two cents for each person enumerated, and
ten cents a mile for necessary travel, to be ascer-
tained by multiplying the squaie root of the num-
ber of dwelling-houses in the division by the
square root of the number of squaie miles on each
division, and the pioduct shall be taken as the
number of miles traveled for all purposes in taking
this census."
The House of Representatives had stricken out
the whole section, and inserted the following sub-
stitute:
"That for every hundred inhabitants enumerated and
describi d, each assistant shall nceive, in all incorporated
villages, towns, and cities, containing more than five thou-
sand inhabitant^ one dollar and twenty-five cents; in all
subdivisions not included in such villages, towns, or cities,
containing on an average moie than seventy-five inhabitants
to the squ ire unh , one dollar and seventy-five cents (0( each
hundred; in subdivisions containing less than stvei ty-five
and mon* than filly inhabitants lo ilu Mjmue mile, two dol-
lars and twenty-live rent? lor • ach bundled ; in *>u>>divwoii3
containing less than fifty and mote than twenty-five inhab-
itants to the square mile, two dollars and filtv cents lor each
hundred; in subdivisions containing less than t«enty-five
and more than ten inhabitants to the i-quare mile, thiee
dollars and fifty cents fo each hundred; in subdivisions
containing less than ten and more than five luh.ibuanls to
tin square mile, lour dollars and fi ty cents loreneh hundred;
and in subdivisions containing b>s than five inliabit.mts to
the squaie mile, fuch compensation as the Secretary ol the
Interior shall allow. For the two copie o! the enumeration
ol the inhalniauts arid of the statistics, euzl.t cents for each
complete paj;e of eaeh copy of the schi dale."
The Senate committee recommended a non-
concurrence m this amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD addressed the Senate in an
elaborate speech in defence of the Senate's original
plan of compensation, and against the proposed
amendment. Of his speech a report will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
Mr. DAWSON. I am very much inclined to
the opinion, Mr. Presfdent, that in making any
very gieat changes in old established usage we
should take time to deliberate; and, as this discov-
ery of my friend ;rorn Kentucky [Mr. Under*
wood] has now been presented to the public mind,
I think it would be prudent to let the country con-
sider of it from now to the time of taking the next
census, and we may by that time be able to com-
piehend it. I have no doubt wnatever of the truth
of the mode of calculation which my fiiend has
discovered, but I doubt the capacity of a great
many of the people to understand it, and to make
the calculations. Now, I think that ail the ine-
qualities of which the Senator speaks, do not exist,
and will be found not to exist if you examine into
the subject. He states that the cost of taking the
census in the State of Massachusetts is two and a
half cents per head, while in other States it costs
more than six cents per head. Now all that is
true, and for this simple reas'on, that in the square
nule in the State of Massachusetts, the population is
greater than in the oiher Slates to which he icfers.
Massachusetts may have a population of one hun-
dred to the square mile, while South Carolina may
only have a population of twenty-five to the square
mile. All these apparent inequalities, therefore,
arise out of the comparative density orsparseness
of the population. We all understand that thor-
oughly. Now, there will be very little doubt that
in the State of Massachusetts, a census-taker*can
take a hundred families sooner than he could in
the States of South Carolina or Georgia take ten
families. But we must adopt ageneial rule, and
give compensation according to the amount of
population on a square mile. That has been the
rule which has been uniformly adopted, and when
