994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
It is my purpose, if the Senate will reconsider
the vote, to move to strike out the words " or be-
fore the judicial tribunals of any such State or
Territories." I understand that some of the State
tribunals have decided that it is uncons'itutional
to impose upon them any such duty, and, desiring
to avoid any such conflict as immaterial and un-
necessary, i shall move to strike out these words
if the Senate shall agree to reconsider their vote.
Mr. BADGER. "I would surest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia that it is scarcely necessary
to make the amendment. Where the courts of
• the States will take the jurisdiction, the jurisdiction
can be asserted by them; where they will not,
there is no harm done by the words being left in
the bill,
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. This difficulty
did rot escape the attention of the committee.
They arrived very much at the conclusion which
has just been stated by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [VIr. Badger.] Jurisdiction is given to
the courts of the United Stares, and also to the
State courts. We suppose that the question might
be raised whether or not the States could take
such jurisdiction and exercise it, but inasmuch as
the courts of the United States are open for the
prosecutions, we thought there was no harm if any
person were to try the experiment in the courts of
the State.
Mr. HUNTER. I have s:mply to say that
in some of the States, and I believe in my own
State, the highest tribunals have decided that it is
unconstitutional to impose upon them such duties,
as the State tribunals have no right to enforce the
penal laws of the United States. Ac* there is
some difference of opinion upon this point, and
as this mi^ht be regarded as tne assertion of a
principle and is of no u<e, I would prefer, if those
having charge of the bill have no objection, that
it should he-stricken out.
The motion to reconsider the vote having been
carried, Mr. Hunter moved to strike out the
words of which he had given notice.
Mr. BALDWIN expressed his concurrence in
the views ukpn by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr Hunter ] The Supreme Court of his (Mr
B V) own Stair (Connecticut) had made a similar
.decision to that referred to by the honorable Sen-
tor.
Mr. BAD jER suggested that it would be suffi-
cient to strike out the words " State or."
Mr. HUNTER. There are no courts in the
Territories, evcepf/ng those of the Uni'ed States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not und erstand the rea-
son for striking nut the words " or Territories."
Mr, HUNTER. That has aiieady been pro-
vided for.
Mr. Hunter's amendment was carried, and the
amendment of the House as amended was then
concurred in.
The remaining additional sections were then
concurred in.
Ti.e last amendment of the House was then
agreed to. h was as follows : " Amend the title
of the bill by striking out all after the word ' sev-
enth,'and inserting ' and subsequent censuses of
the United States, and to fix the number of the
members of the House of Representatives, and
provide for their future apportionment among the
several Stares.' "
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish now to
amend schedule one, which ^ivesthe names of the J
in habitants, and the profession, occupation, or trade •
of each male, pers >n ovei fifeen years ot age, by ■
inserting in the caption of the column " designs- ;
ting ail pensioners of the United Stores." The'
object of rfte amendment is to obiam full and cor-
rect informal  n of all pensioners, and to answer
the charge sometimes rna le that persons remain on
the pens-on list after they have ceased to exist.
Mr. DAVIS, of Ma.-- saehusctts, suggest* d that
the re would he more room to insert the words pro-
posed at the head of the column, for " deaf, dumb,
blind, insure, idiotic," &c.
Mr. DAVIS, of Aiissis^ippi. 1 will say to the
honorable chairman of the committee that I saw
there was tnoie room m that column, hut 1 did
not like the company. Pensioners of the United
States become so by honorable service, and I
would not class them with the unfortunate or with
the vicious. I object to the company in that
column.
Mr, CHASE. Have we not already disagreed to
the amendments of the House to that amendment ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. We have.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to amend the original bill; you can only take
up the amendments of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Then I move to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate disagreed
to the amendments of the House in schedule 1,
with a view to move this amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I would sug-
gest to the Senator from Mississippi that he would
get over the difficulty by consenting to insert his
amendment in the column to which I have re-
ferred, along with the "deaf, dumb, blind, in-
sane," &c.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The same point
of order would apply to that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
cannot take up the original bill and amend it.
The only question is on the amendments of the
House.
The motion to reconsider the vote disagreeing
with the amendmentsof the House in schedule one,
was then carried.
Mr. BADGER. I would ask the Senator from
Mississippi whether we are not likely to get into
some confusion with regard to this bill? and
whether the amendment proposed is deemed by
him of so much importance as to run any hazard
or produce any difficulty about it?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I suppose it would
not be worth running any hazard about, but I do
not see that we run any hazard. The House has
stricken out the Senate's amendments inserted in
the schedules, and inserted new schedules. 1 now
propose to agree to schedule one, as amended by
the House, and to stiike out the rest, in order that
we may then amend schedule number one-
Mr UNDERWOOD. I rise to ascertain wheth-
er, by the reconsideration of the question now, we
reopen the question of adopting the tables reported
by the House in lieu of the Senate's tables. Be-
fore the question is taken, it seems to me that the
Senator from Mississippi has a right to move to
amend the table of the House, as he proposes,
and if the amendment to the first schedule pre-
vails, the question will then be on inserting the
amended schedule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChair has
stated the point twice.
. Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I ask the Senator
I from Mississippi what his amendment is?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. To amend the
caption of the seventh column of schedule number
one, by adding the words " designating ail pen-
sioners of the United States.'5
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, Mr. President, it
seems to me that that might be done without any
difficulty. If you amend the caption of the column
as proposed, ihen the question is, shall we insert
the table so amended in lieu of the schedule num-
bered one adopted by the Ilouse; and we can lefuse
to insert schedules two, three, four, five, and so
forth, if the question is susceptible of division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
difficulty about it; the Chair has stated it over and
over again. The question now is on adopting
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senate permit me
to make a suggestion as to what lies at the foot of
all our difficulties. We are now exactly where
*e were when the bill went to the House. The
House of Representatives adopted, wnh some
material alterations, the schedules of the Boaid of
Ct-nsus. We, as 1 understand if, by your proceed-
ings here to-day, have rejected that amendment of
the House of Representatives, and insist upon the
schedules as they went from this body. Am I
i ight r
Mr. DAVIS,of Massachusetts. Yes, certainly.
M f. DA WSON. Well, now this brings us back
to the point where we first commenced. These
schedules ot the Board of Census are now m the
hands of the printers and are partly printed, and
paper suitable to them has been purchased. Now,
the question on reconsideiation is, wh* ther we will
not adhete to the amendments made by the House
of Representatives, for the purpose of Paving all
the blanks which have been heretofore printed, and
all the "appr which has been contracted foi, or
whether we will throw away all the provisions
which have been made and begin anew > If, then,
there is nothing very material in the difference be-
tween the two, let us go for the amendments of the
House, in order that this printing may go on, and
the paper that has been already obtained, and ruled
and prepared, may be put into use immediately.
I throw out this suggestion for the purpose of
expedition, and of saving the expense necessarily
incurred by the loss of the paper and the printing
already done by way of preparation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The Senator
from Georgia was not here when the bill was ma-
tured, and, therefore, he is not quite as well in-
formed as are those of us who went through with
it, in regard to the actual state of the facts. It
appeared then, by evidence satisfactory to every-
body, that the chief part of the printing had been
done upon the first two tables, and that little had
been done upon the others, except by way of ex-
periment. We adopted, substantially, four of the
tables of the Census Board; but we thought that
the tables of agriculture and industry prepared by
the committee on the census were superior m many
respects; and for that reason the Senate adopted
these two. Well, the House first struck out these
tables; but they afterwards restored them almost
in the same form. Schedule ore relates to the
white population, and schedule two to the slave
population. Into the second of these they put two
amendments, to which I will now call the attention
of the Senate. Let us see what they are. They
inserted two additional columns, one for the num-
ber of fugitive slaves, and another for the num-
ber of slaves manumitted. They inserted these
amendments, having first determined to disregard
the fact of a number of these tables having been
already printed.
The table relating to the products of industry
they left substantially as it went from here. The
tables on agriculture and social statistics they
changed, and changed substantially, for the tables
which we had rejected as being inferior. That is
the precise position in which the case stands. Four
of the fables are substantially the same a3 they
went from here. With the slight amendments in
the second table which I have read, they are iden-
tically the same tables which went from the Senate.
Well, now, the Senate has already decided, by the
vote which we are now reconsidering, that they
will adhere to the tables which were reported by
the committee of the Senate, and put into the hill.
If it were worth whili to occupy time, I think I
could satisfy the Senator from Georgia that the
agricultural and social tables adopted by the Sen-
ate are much better than those adopted as an
amendment by the House. Another reason for
adopting these tables is, that m those of the House
the columns are so narrow that they would not
contain the quantity of figures that would be
desirable, without creating confusion in the statis-
tics. i hope, under these circumstances, that the
Senate will adhere to its vote, and that the Senator
from Georgia, if he has any prejudices in favor of
the other tables, will yield them, and allow us to
adopt these.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am sorry that
my amendment should have given rise to this de-
bate. I merely wished to amend the table as it
stood for a practical purpose, in order to obtain a
species of information which I thought was desir-
able; but it seems that this stereotype must get up
what I will not call a stereotype debate, concerning
the cost of the paper, printing, and stereotyping,
and the relative merits of the tables of the census
committee and of the Census Board. 1 had no such
purpose, and should be sorry to be drawn into any
such conttoversy. I hope that, if the amendment I
suggested has any merit, the committee of confer-
ence will consider it; and I now ask leave to with-
draw it.
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn;
and the question being uken, the Senate disagreed
to the amendment of the House.
On motion, the Senate then proceeded to the
consideianon of executive business; arid, after
some time spent theiem, the doors were reopened,
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday , JMay l.>, ks">0.
Thejournai of yesterday was. read and approved.
Mr. RODBl iNS askf.d and obtained Uvnetoin-
, troduce a resolution, which wut  read fur informa-
j' lion, as follows:
ti Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
ii structed to inquire into the fcxptdiency of gmug lo all etvii
