1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
officers of the navy, a relative or assimilated rank; also
into the expediency of revising the rules and regulations for
the government of ihc navy,approved April 23,1800, arid to
report such a modification of said rules as the committee
may think proper and judicious, either by bill or otherwise.
The question was taken and the resolution was
adopted.
BUNDELCUND, &C.
Mr. STANLY asked leave to make a report
from the select committee appointed a few days
since on his motion.
The SPEAKER. The report will be read for
information to the House.
Objection was made to the reception of the re-
port.
Mr. STANLY. Is the call for reports in order
this morning ?
The SPEAKER. It is the first^business in order
this morninsr.
Mr. STANLY. Very well.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the com-
mittees for reports, and having reached the select
committees—
Mr. STANLY, from the select committee upon
the subject, reported the following'resolution, viz:
Rewljetl, That the committee appointed May 6.1850, to
inquire wh.it persons holding office under the late Adminis-
tration were corret.ponde.nts of newspapers, &e , hp author-
ized to employ a clerk, and have power to send for persons
and paper?-.
Mr. H1BBARD moved the following amend-
ment to the resolution reported by the commiitee:
" And that the said committee be instructed to inquire,
upon the examination of such persons and papers, ami re-
port whether, during the last presidential canvass, any letter
or letters written b\ General Taylor were, at anytime. In
the pn«os«iion of Abbot Lawrence, of Massachusetts, Tru-
man Smith, of Connecticut, oranv otherpersnri, to the efti ct
that General Taylor was in favor of the Wtlmot proviso,
and, if elected President, would .-pprove any territorial bill
which should he pa«sed, containing -wild proviso; and if so,
what werf- the precise contents of such letter or letters ; and
whether General Tavlor, while holding an ofhce under the
Government of the United State?, wrote any letters which
were publi.-hed in the newspapers, tending or designed to
promote the election of said Taylor to the Presidency of the
United States; dud if so, what were the contents of said
letters."
Mr STANLY said, the resolution which he
had reported had this morning been unanimously
ordered by the committee to be reported—the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire being present. It
seemed to him not exactly proper to attach to a
resolution of that character, relating to business
already before the House, an amendment of that
kind. If gentlemen on the other side of the House
desired to bring charges agrainst the President, or
anybody else, about the Wilmot proviso, he ob-
jected to their referring them to a committee com-
posed of a majority of the friends of this Admin-
istration. He had no idea of gentlemen saying
that the friends of the President had smothered
these inquiries. Let them refer them to a commit-
tee of five Democrats and four Whigs, and then,
he said, "lay on, Macduff!"—but let them not
send anything of this kind to this committee, that
they might hereafter say that the friends of the
Ptesident had shielded him. Let gentlemen refer
these, or any other charges they saw fit to make,
to their own friends, and gentlemen on his side of
the House would vote for raising as many com-
mittees as were asked, and challenge any and
every investigation which was desired on the other
side.
Mr, HIBBARD said he^had assented in com-
mittee that the chairman should report this resolu-
tion to the Houss although he was not originally
in favor of instituting this investigation, relating,
as he thought it did, to matters which were trivial
and unimportant for any purposes of legislation.
The time of the House could now be more profita-
bly employed about other things; but as the in-
vent Ration was to be had he would place no ob-
stacle in its way. He believed this to be the
disposition of members generally on this side of
the House. He would rather afford additional
facilities, and enlarge the field of t^e proposed ex-
ploration. He would inquire into the alleged mis-
deeds of the highest officers of Government, as
well as of clerks, auditors, and commissioners of
patents. The results to be derived from such a
search must be more important than from one con-
fined to the acts of minor and subordinate officers.
If it was a crime for clerks in office under the
late Administration to write letters designed 5 to
defeat General Taylor as a candidate for the Pres-
idency, he conceived that it was as greatan offence,
as well as less modest, for General Taylor, while
holding an important military office under the
same Administration, to write letters designed to
secure his own election. Charges were made
from various quarters that both these things had
been done. If one of them was to be investigated,
let not the other be omitted. He trusted that
gentlemen on the other side of the House, intol-
erant of the interference of office holders in elec-
tions as he knew them to be, would go for this
amendment.
He did not deem the political complexion of
the committee at all important, ft was not mate-
rial whether a majority'were Whigs or Demo-
crats. It was enough that they were able and
honest men. He was therefore inclined to waive
the supposed advantage proffered by the gentle-
man from North Carolina, of having a Demo-
cratic committee for the purposes contemplated by
this amendment. He was willing to trust the
business in the hands of the able chairman of the
select committee. The gentleman had asked of
the Speaker that his committee should consist of a
majority of Whigs. It was so constituted. He
(Mr. H.) made no objection to it on that account.
He thought objection could not be taken to the
amendment as not akin to the resolution offered
this morning. It simply assigned the use, or one
of the uses which should be made of the persons
and papers to be sent for—it directed the nature of
the examination to be made of them.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 have but one objection to the
amendmentofthegentleman from New Hampshire,
and that is, as this inquiry seems to have been in-
stituted in the first instance to enlighten history as
to the author of certain public productions—" Bun-
delcund" for instance—I think it would be a much
more interesting inquiry, (and I regret that my
friend's amendment did not go to that extent,) as to
the authorship of those letters he refers to, signed
by General Taylor.
But, this aside, I am entirely opposed to this
resolution. There are but two standing commit-
tees of this House that have clerks. These two
committees are overburdened with details of busi-
ness; they are the Committee of Claims and the
Committee of Ways and Means. This House has
refused to give a clerk to the Committee on Com-
merce, which has before it a great mass of impor-
tant business connected with the business of Con-
gress; and when you refuseclerks to your standing
committees, who have important duties connected
with our legislation, are you to give a clerk to such a
committee as this, raised to inquire into the author-
ship of Bundelcund ? Why, this special com-
mittee 
Mr. LITTLEFIELD, (interposing ) I would
like to inquire of the gentleman whether the select
committee on the Galphin claim has a clerk?
Mr. BAYLY. I was about to remark, that the
special committee on the G.Jphm claim has no
clerk; the special committee, raised on motion of
my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] has no
clerk, and I see no necessity for giving this com-
mittee a clerk.
I am opposed to the second clause of this resolu-
tion. I think that this power to send for persons
and papers is a very delicate power indeed; it is
one that ought to be very cautiously exercised.
And being opposed to the whole matter, I move to
lay the resolution on the table.
The yeas and nays were asked and refused.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 60, noes 80.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Hibbard.
Mr. CAMPBELL desired to offer an amend-
ment. I
Mr. PRESTON KING rose to a pointof order, j
and objected to the amendment of the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard,] as irrele- \
vant to the object for which the committee was in-
stituted, and out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the amendment of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire is not in order. At the time the amendment
was offered, the original resolution under which
the committee was appointed was not before the
Chair, it was sent for, for the purpose of examin-
ing the question, and the Chair thinks that the
amendmentof the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire has no relevancy to the original resolution of
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,]
and is therefore out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move the amend-
ment which I have sent to the Clerk as an original
amendment; and I ask to have it read.
It was read, as follows:
"And that said committee inquire and report what were
the opinions of General Cass prior to the, election of 1848,
on the constitutional power of Congress to improve rivers
and harbors, and whether the "noise arid confusion" still
prevents him from making Ills opinion- known; arid that
j said committee'further inquire and report what is the true
| construction of the K tter of Mr. Polk to Mr. Kane on the
subject of protection."
Mr. PRESTON KING renewed the point of
| order against this amendment, which he had made
upon the amendment of Mr. Hibbard.
The SPEAKER sustained the pointof order,
and ruled the amendment out of otder on the
ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked for the reading of
the original resolution reported this morning.
3t was read accordingly.
Mr. FEATHERS! ON moved to amend the
resolution by striking out the words " and be au-
thorized to employ a clerk."
The amendment having been announced by the
Chair—
Mr. FEATHERSTON said he had no objec-
tion to the adoption of this resolution, if it was
amended in the way he proposed; but he could
see no reason why this especial select committee
should be allowed the privilege of a clerk, when
other select committees, who have quire as much
labor on their hands and quite us much business
j before them, should not have the same privilege.
He was himself a member of one of these select
committees', which had been sitting for three or
four weeks, had labored as much and done as
much business as this committee. But they had
been without the sei vices of a clerk, and they had
never made any application for one. He there-
fore saw no sufficient reason for allowing a clerk
to this particular committee. If a cleik was to be
granted to one of these select committees, he de-
sired that it should be granted to all. He was op-
posed to the principle of favoritism which would
grant privileges to one committee to the exclusion
of all oihers.
Mr. "YVK NT WORTH, remarking that he be-
lieved this House did not wish to hear a long de*
bate upon thi«* question, and that everybody'smmd
was made up. moved the previous question.
Mr. CLEVELAND gave notice that he should
call the yeas and nays when the question came to
be taken.
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to a question of order,
and inquired if this report from a select committee
was in order this morning?
The SPEAKER. Reports of committees were
in order; the special committees were called, and
the gentleman from North Carolina made this re-
[ Oi*t in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered—being first on the
amendment of Mr. Featherston.
Mr. CLEVELAND demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in.
the affinriativey-yeas 104, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albertson, Anderson, A&he, Averett,
Bajlj, Bingham, Bisvell, Boeoek, Booth, Kowlm, Bojd,
A. G. Brown, Buel, Burt, Joseph Cable, G< org£ A. Caldwell,
Joseph P. Cald^ ell, Campbell, Cartter, Cleveland, W. R. W.
Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Dcherry, Diinmtck, Di-ney, Feath-
erston, Fitch, Fuller, Gentry, Ge-rry, Gorman, Gott, Gnn-
neil. Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, I-Iaral-on. Harlan. I-ham
j G. Harris Samp-on VY. Harris, Tho t as L. Hams. Hibbard,
! Hilliaid, Holland, llolUdav, Howard, Hubbard^ Hunter,
| Inge, Joseph VV. Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Robeit W. John-
i son, Jones, Julian, Kaufman, Proton King, La S6ie, Lit-
[ tlefidd, Job Mann, M.u.-diall, Mason, McCiernand, Mc-
i Donald, McLanahan, Robert M. MeLane, McMullen, Mc-
| Queen, Meade, Miller, Millson, Morris, Morse, Olds Orr,
' Outlaw, Pea«dt-e, Peck, Pin Ips, Potter, Powell, RMey, Rob-
; tuns-, Ro*p, Savage, Sawtetle, Seddon, Frederick P Stanton,
1 Alexander H. Stephens Stetson, Strong, S * eet-rr, Thomas.
1 Jacob Thompson, Toombs, Yenable, Vinton, Waldo, W'al-
' lace, Watkms, Wenuvorth, Whittlesey, Wood, and Wood-
ward—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Alexander, Bennett, Bowie, Brisrg*, Bur-
rows, Chester Butler, Thomas B. Butler, < aivni, Casey,
Chandler, Chairman, Corwin, UrovveH, Doty. Duncan,
Nathan Evans, Fowiet, Gould, Hallow ay, Hampton, Hay,
Haymond, Hebard, Hcniy, Howe, William T. Jackson,
I).\mel P. King, George G. King, Janus G. King, John A.
King, Horace Mann. Matteson, McKi-sock. Moore, Morton,
Nelson, New HI, Ogle, Oris. Pbcc.nv, Pitman, Putnam, Reed,
Reynolds Rose, Ruim-ey, S.tckeu, Schenck, Schoolcraft,
Slieppetd, Sj>rague, Stanly, Rirhard II. Matnon, John B.
Thomp-on, Tuck, Underbill, Van D>ke, Williams, Wilson,
and Wintlirop—60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
