900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution, as thus amended.
Mr. SCHENCK said, he did not care much
about the clerk, but he would like the yeas and
nays on the power to send for persons and papers.
He, therefore, asked the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution as amended.
Bat Mr. S., on the suggestion of many mem-
bers that the resolution would be adopted by a
large vote, withdrew the demand for the yeas and
nays.
And the question having been then taken, it
was decided in the affirmative without a division.
So the resolution as amended was adopted.
THE CENSUS BILL.
A message was received from the Senate by A.
Dickins, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had concurred in some of the
amendments of the House, and had disagreed to
others.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SILVESTER moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of resuming
the consideration of the special message of the
President of the United States transmitting the
constitution of California.
Mr. BAYLY and other members objected, in
order that the committees might have aii opportu-
nity of making reports.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN IOWA.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee on Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the testimony taken and submitted in the
matter of the contested plpetion in the fir«i congressional
district of the Stato of Iowa, be printed for the use of ■ tie
committee and of the House.
The resolution was read, and, without a division,
was adopted.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
_ Mr. BAYLY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following bills, which
were severally read a first and second time by their
titles, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed,
viz:
A bill making appropriation for the payment of J
naval pensions for the fiscal year ending 30th of '
June, 1851; and ° J
A bill making appropriation for the payment of !
revolutionary and other pensions of the United :
States, for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1851.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN IOWA. \
Mr. SCHENCK rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He moved a reconsideration of the vote ■
by which the resolution reported by the gentleman i
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Strong,] from the Com- ^
mittee on Elections, directing the printing of the :
testimony in the case of the contested election from i
Iowa, had been adopted. * |
The SPEAKER having stated the question—
Mr. SCIJENCK said, that he would briefly ;
state the reasons for the motion he had submitted. ;
The testimony, he understood, was very volumin- i:
ous—quite a mass. If the printing was ordered
for the use of the committee and for the use of i
the House, what would be the consequence ? Fol- •!
lowing the order of proceeding which had been ;i
witnessed since the commencement of the present 1
session, the testimony would be laid upon the ta-
bles of members some six months hence, or prob-
ably some time next year. There would, then,
always be an occasion for not acting upon the sub-
ject. He did not know at what conclusion the
committee had arrived in relation to the merits of
the case. He did not know whether the commit-
tee had yet decided what report they would make
in relation to the title to seats, as being either in
the sitting member, or the contesting member.
He suspected, however, that there had been laid
before the committee testimony which made a
pretty clear case in the minds piobably of all the
members of the committee, certainly of most of
them, in favor of the contesting member.
Mr. CARTTER interposed "to a point of order.
He submitted to the Chair, whether it was in
order now to discuss the merits of the contested
election from Iowa? The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] had twice discussed the merits, and
as he (Mr. C.) conceived it was out of order to do
so. He submitted to the Chair whether this was
in order?
The SPEAKER said the Chair did not consider,
! so far as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schekck]
had yet proceeded, that his remarks were out of
order. The gentleman's remarks related to the
propriety of printing the documents embraced in
the resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Strqng.]
Mr. SCHENCK said he should [like to have
the ear of the House for a very short time. He
would gladly take a lesson from his colleague, who
always addressed the House in a moderate and
suasive style of argument. He intended, how-
ever, to confine himself to the institution of an
I inquiry as to the position of this case, and the
J question of printing the report. He believed that
| if all the testimony in the case had been before
i the committee, and was all closed, and that the
| committee was prepared to make a report, instead
! of moving at this time for the printing of the testi-
|S mony merely, it would have been a better course
" to make the report itself to the House, and let it
be printed with the testimony. The members of
this committee all assembled in a room, and sit-
ting round their table, having all the facts spread
out before them like a court of chancery, must be
sufficiently acquainted with the character of this
testimony, so as to obviate any necessity for
printing it for their information.
Mr. ASHE (Mr. Schenck yielding the floor
for explanation) said he desired, as a member of
the committee, to make a single observation. The
committee had come to an opinion m reference to
this case, and were only waiting for the return of
' one of the members, now absent, to make a re-
port in the case, whenever it might be the pleasure
of the House to permit it to be made.
Mr. SCHENCK resumed. It appeared, then,
| from the statement of one of the members of the
1 committee, that they were ready to make their
report in this case, as soon as an absent member
returns, and it shall be the pleasure of the House
to receive it. Now, if the committee have ex-
amined all this testimony, and do not desire the
printing of it for their own information, but are
ready to make their report, and are merely waiting
for the return of an absent member, this shows
: the propriety of waiting until the report is made
, before we send this testimony to be printed. He
. would himself like to see this report, and if it
; should then meet the pleasure of the House, and
would not necessarily suspend the action of the
House on the subject until the testimony was
printed, then the order for the printing could be
idyen. If we can prevent delay in our action on i
this question, itis important that we should do so.
The contesting member has been deprived of his
seat, if he has a right to it, for five months, and it
is important that there should be no further delay
in permitting him to take it. With the report of -
the committee before us, every one will be able to
understand as well as the committee now under-
stand the necessity of having the report printed.
But if the order be now given for printing the tes-
timony, it may lead to the postponement of the
consideration of the subject, because the House ■
would not be able to have the testimony before
them for reference during the discussion. Gentle-
men might very properly rise and say that we
cannot take up the subject, because the report is
not befoie us, it having gone to the printer. Let
the whole report be before us, and we can then
decide as to the propriety of printing the testi- ,
mony. Supposing that the testimony is sent to the
printer now, and, some ten days hence, the com-
mittee should make a report to the House, it mat-
ters not whether in favor of the sitting or the
contesting member, it may then be properly ur"ed,
that the testimony m the case having gone to'the
printer, and that gentlemen have no opportunity of
reading it for themselves, or having it read from ,
the Clerk s desk, its consideration ought to be post- |
poned. Should the order be made for the printing,
we may not get copies from the primer befoie the 11
next session, and thus the consideration of the re- 1
port of the committee might be delayed for an
indefinite period. .i
He had, therefore, moved to reconsider the vote ::
by which the testimony was ordered to be printed, '
m order that we should wait for the committee to |j
1 make their report, which will probably be within
I. a few days. We could then acton the subject,
j, and determine as to the necessity of printing the
■ testimony.
; Mr. McGAUGHEY (Mr. Schenck yielding
ij the floor for explanation) said he desired toex-
jj plain, as a member of the Committee on Elec-
!; tions, that the committee was unanimous m favor
j of printing the testimony. It was thought proper
' that it should be printed now, and that we should
: not wait for the report to be made. The object
jj was to have the testimony printed now, and'by
I! the time that the printing was completed, the re-
j: port would be ready to be presented to the House,
i The House would then be able to act with a per-
il feet knowledge of the subject.
jj Mr. SCHENCK resumed. Ifthe resolution could
11 be so modified as to make it certain that this testt-
!j mony should not be printed in its order, but could
|j be executed before the mass of documents already
; [ sent to the printer—that it might be printed at once,
' taking precedence of all others, then the principal
' objection he had to the resolution would be ob-
I! viatec!. He would suggest the propriety of so
jl amending it as to require that the printing of this
testimony should be executed in advance of all
j, other printing which has been ordered.
j| CENSUS BILL,
i! Mr. VENABLE rose to make a suggestion.
|i The census bill has been returned from the Senate
j; to-day, with several amendments. He hoped that
i' no objection would be made to the reference of
these amendments to the Committee on the Judi-
j: ciary. As it was very important that action on
j' this bill should not be unnecessarily delayed, he
i; would move that it be now taken up, and, with the
i amendments of the Senate, referred to the Com-
| mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, objected to the
j reception of the motion, and it was therefore not
: i permitted to be made.
jj IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION CASE.
Mr. STRONG said, he confessed it was not
I without much surprise that he had listened to the
ij remarks with which the gentleman from Ohio,
.i [Mr. Schenck,] had accompanied the motion he
!j had made to reconsider the vote by which this
|| resolution had been adopted. He (Mr. S.) could
not forget that this was the second time on which
the gentleman from Ohio had seemed to suppose
that there was something in the action of the Com-
mittee on Elections, requiring that gentleman's
- special attention. There seemed to be a morbid
sensibility in his mind, a degree of suspicion
which he (Mr. S.) was unable to see, in the former
action of the committee, any sufficient cause to
, awaken. The gentleman seemed to suppose that
the object of the committee in asking the printing
of the testimony which had been submitted in this
case, was to delay action upon the question which
had been referred to their consideration.
Mr. SCHENCK desired to explain.
Mr. STRONG yielded the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to say that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong]
had entirely misapprehended his remarks. He
had not expressed, or entertained, any suspicions
of the committee. He had argued that the effect
of the resolution would be delay, unless some
modification was made.
Mr. STRONG resumed. He should, he said,
have a word to say hereafter in relation to the
modification of the resolution. He well recollected
that, on a former occasion, at the instance of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] a limitation
had been inserted in the resolution by which the
time allowed for the procurement of testimony
had been restricted to one hundred days. It was
the opinion of the committee then, and he believed
it was the opinion of the committee now, that the
effect of this limitation, instead of hastening the
conclusion of the case, had been to prolong the
time required fur the investigation. Now, the ob-
jection which the gentleman seemed to make to
the resolution was, that it would have the effect
to delay the action of the House. It was for the
very purpose of obviating delay, that the com-
mittee had instructed him to report this resolution.
And the resolution, if sanctioned by the. House,
as it had already been, would he to bring the
House to a speedier determination than it would
arrive at, if the motion to print had been delayed
until the report ot the committee had been pre-
