1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
eating; it did riot explain the contents.) Since
that time he had bestowed some attention upon
the correspondence, and was entirely clear upon
the question of reference—that a part of this cor-
respondence should be referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and another part to the Committee
of Ways and Means. No part of the correspond-
ence in propriety pertained to the purview of the
duties of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
He was therefore prepared to vote for that part
of the amendment of the gentleman from New
York which proposed to refer a part of the cor-
respondence to the Committee on Commerce; and
he should oppose that part of the motion which
proposed to refer a portion of the correspondence
relating to the increase of duties on British iron
and other productions entering the ports of the
United States, to the Committee on Manufactures;
and support theamendment of the gentleman from
Virginia to refer it to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. BAYLY demanded the previous question.
Mr. MOORE appealed to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] to withdraw the motion,
to enable him (Mr. M.) to say a few words.
He would not, he said, take up more than five
minutes of the time of the House.
Mr. CASEY expressed the hope that the pre-
vious question would be voted down.
Several other members appealed to Mr. Bayly
to withdraw the motion.
Mr. RAYLY,(in reply to Mr. Moore.) There
are many gentlemen who make a similar appeal to
me. One gentleman desires five minutes, another
ten, another fifteen, and so on, it may be, for
aught I know, " to the last syllable of recorded
time " If I yield to one gentleman, I must to
another. I prefer to adhere to my motion.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
seconding: the demand for the previous question.
Thequestion was taken, and the affirmative vote
was declared to be 60.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Wallace, of South Carolina, and Moore, of
Pennsylvania, were appointed.
And the question was? again taken, and decided
in the n«gaiive—ayes 63, no^s 66.
So the demand for the previous question was
not seconded.
Mr. MOORE said, the House had been engaged
nearly five months in the discussion of but one
subject, and it appeared to him that it would have
been quite as well for the interest of the country
if some little portion of that time had been given
to at least one of the subjects embraced in the com-
munications now claiming the attention of the
House. He alluded to the subject of the tariff on
iron, which had been somewhat unceremoniously,
and, he thought, somewhat offensively, too, thrust
before them by the representative of a foreign Gov-
ernment. And notwithstanding the peculiar man-
ner in which the subject had been introduced, he
thought that its importance,as connected with the
interests of the country, was not at all weakened
or lessened by it; on the contrary, he thought it
was much strengthened, as it was now before them
in a shape and position which it had never before
assumed in any of the discussions which had here-
tofore taken place in that House upon it, for it had
now become a palpable and tangible reality, that
the tariff act of M6 is truly what it was at that time
charged to be by some of its opponents, a British
act, and for British interests, to the injury and de-
struction of some of the interests of this country;
for here is a communication from that Government
virtually admitting it, virtually telling us that we
legislated at that time for her interests and against
our own, by allowing her to suppiy us with the
iron we use instead of making it ourselves from
the ore which is rotting under the soil of our own
counti y.
And now, Mr. Speaker, they are apprehensive
that a proper regard for our interests will lead us
to reconsider that measure—they tell us if we do
so, "it wilt have an unfavorable effect upon public
opinion in England And he was at a loss to
conceive how any member of that House could
reflect upon the merits of that communication, if
it had any merits at all, without feeling some-
what indignant at the attempt to forestall legis-
lation in that House by an intimation from a
foreign source, that if they legislated upon a sub-
ject which was of the most vital importance to the
country, that such legislation• would "have an
unfavorable effect upon public opinion in England!"
And he would ask whether they were to study
the interests of England, or to consult public
opinion there, and disregard, too, the interests of
their own country by so doing? Were they sent
there for that purpose ? He imagined that his con-
stituents never sent him there to consult t^e public
opinion of England, or any other countryJthan his
own; and when he should so far forget his duty as
a Representative, as to forbear legislation upon a
subject which was of the most vital importance to
the country, merely for fear that such legislation
would prove unpalatable to the iron masters of
England, or any of her Majesty's subjects, he
hoped his constituents would very qui'kly tell
him to resign the position which he would thus
disgrace.
Why, sir, if the House shall act in accordance
with the spirit of that very modest communication
of the British Government, what then ? He sup-
posed that the next intimation they would have
from that source would be, that the whole revenue
system of our country bears heavily upon Eng-
land, and that if they desired the good opinion of
the public there, they must reduce all their duties,
or do away entirely with our whole revenue sys-
tem I He consideied this was a feature in the his-
tory of legislation in their country which was as
novel as it was strange: that it should be intimated
to them, bya foreign Government, that thev must
consult ihe public opinion of some other Govern-
ment than theirown And he imagined there would
be found but very few members of that House
who would be willing to acknowledge they should
be governed by any such influences. He doubted
even whether the honorable member from Indiana,
[Mr. Fitch,] who labored so very hard the other
day to get an opportunity to say some very un-
kind things of the State which he had the pleasure
in part to represent—he doubted whether even
that gentleman, with all his hatred to the iron in-
terest, would be willing to let such influences as
these govern him in the discharge of his duty; and
if they, as members of that House, were to be
governed byany such foreign influence, he thought
it would be advisable to have another committee
added to the standing committees of the House,
whose duty should be to inquire of the repiesent-
atives of the different Governments, what effect
any prominent measure upon which they might
feel disposed to act, would have upon the public
mind in their country. But he had no disposition
to pursue the debate any further at that time, as
he drd not desire to say any'vei y harsh things,
and he feared, if he should give a full and a free
expression to his feelings, that he should perhaps
use his mother tongue a little too freely; and he
therefore hoped that ihe subject would be referred
to a select committee, as was proposed by the
amendment of his colleague. And he would here
give notice to the House, that if that amendment
failed, he would move to amend the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia, who proposed to refer it
to the Committee of Ways and Means, so that the
committee should be instructed to report a bill in-
creasing the present duty on iron, and making
them specific instead of ad valorem.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 beg leave in advance to say,
that the resolution of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Moore] will meet with no opposi-
tion from rue.
Mr. McLANE, of Maryland, concurred, he
said, in the propriety of bringing this question to
a vote before the House should adjourn to-day;
and, before he made the motion which it was his
intention to submit, he desired the attention of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Moore]
and his friends for a few moments. If the ques-
tion should not be deposed of to-day, this subject
would remain upon the Speaker's table, blocking
up, perhaps for an indefinite period of time, other
matters of great public concern, which, like itself,
were among the business on the Speaket's table.
Mr. STANLY interposed 
Mr. McLANE apparently yielding the floor—
Mr. STANLY said, he had risen for the pur-
pose of inquiring of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly,] what was the precise character of
the remark which the gen.tleman had just now
made, in relation to interposing no objection to the
resolution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Moore?] Did the gentleman from Virginia
intend, by the remark, to be understood as saying
that he was in favor of increasing the duty on iron?
Mr. BAYLY. Not at all. I merely meant to
say that I hod no objection to the subject being
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STANLY. No objection, I suppose, to
having it refe red to the committee, to give them
an opportunity of killing it. '
Mr. McLANE claimed the floor. Notwith-
standing the vote (he said) which had hut recently
been taken on the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,] it was his (Mr. McL.'s)
intention, before yielding the floor, to move the
previous question again, and thus endeavor to get
a vote upon this question to-day. But it was his
desire that gentlemen who wished to move amend-
ments should present them and have a vote upon
them. He did not suppose that it was the desire
of gentlemen that the message and letters should
remain upon the table, or should occupy the atten-
tion of the House in debate to the exclusion of
other business. He did not suppose that they
presented any question for immediate legislation,
rendering necessary the postponement of other
matters for a general debate upon this. He re-
ferred to the mint bill as a subject of vital import-
ance to these very interests which the gentlemen*
from New Yoik and Pennsylvania represented,
and which, with other things, was awaiting the
action of the House. That bill could not be
reached until others, having priority, had been
disposed of 
Mr. SCHENCK interposed, and said, he had
understood the gentleman from Mar\!arid [Mr.
McLane] to suggest the propriety of having some
test question taken.
Mr. McLANE explained, that he had not so
proposed. His proposition was, that gentlemen
desiring to offer amendments should present them,
and thut the vote should betaken to-day in order
that other business might be leached.
Mr. SCHENCK said, that if the amendment
was voted down, he would move to refer the sub-
ject to a self ct committee with certain instructions
which he desired to have read.
Mr. McLANE sauJ, he was sorry to find that
his suggestion did not meet with the acquiescence
of gentlemen on the other side of the House. He
would theteforesubmit his remarks to the question
before the House, in the hope that there might be
some consideration and reflection outside of the
particular iron and navigating interests.
Mr. SCHEiNCK interposed and sa'd, that the
instructions which he proposed to offer did not re-
fer to iron particularly, or to any one thing. The
proposition which he desired to submit (and which
he would simply state, wnhout further occupying
the time of the House) was, that the whole sub-
ject should be referred to a select committee with
instructions to consider the same, and to inquire
whether any provision or amendment of the ex-
isting tariff laws was necessary—with leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. McLANE, (resuming.) Upon reflection,
Mr. Speaker, I believe I must confine myself to
an appeal to the House to sustain, for the reason
which I shall state, the demand for the previous
question. No man contends that at this period of
the session, this House would be—
Mr. CASEY interposed, with a remark which
was understood to be whether the gentleman was
not now making a speech in favor of the naviga-
tion laws?
Mr. McLANE, resuming, said he had not yet
said a word upon the subject: he only intended
now to say, that this question of the navigation
laws which was proposed to be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, would be fully debated
when practical questions of legislation should have
been reported to the House. It was not neces-
cary, in order to bring ihat subject before the
House, that the message should be referred. This
question was all before the. committee. So also
was the question relating to iron befoie the Com-
mittee of ways and Means, together with all other
questions relating to revenue. H was idle to sup-
pose that the House was now acti rig upon an original
proposition; or that the action of the House upon
these matters was in any sense necessary to
bring them up for consideration. They had all
been referred, and in due course of time would be
reported upon. As the question, theiefore, was
only a question for general discussion, as there
had been a full development of the \iews of gen-
tlemen upon the matters involved in the letters of
the British minister, and as it was only these let-
