1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
. „ , ihet tinnnp. hnd now to refer it would. <i interest *o the State of Maine, where said State paid mter-
ters which the House naa now to reier, it, wouiu, {5 egt {m. the ^ ftnhe VmeA ?{ates Governmentin the pro.
m his judgment, be wise and discreet to dlsp -e , i tccljon Qt- jjie northeastern frontier.
of the question before the adjournment, in order ,j
that the House might to-morrow act on the census
bill and on the mint bill. He therefore moved the
previous question.
The question was taken, and the affirmative vote
was declared to be 60.
Tellers were asked and ordered, and Messrs.
Ogle, of Pennsylvania, and Harris, of Tennes-
see, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 76.
The question was given up by the negatives,
without a count.
So the previous question was seconded.
And the main question was ordered—being first
on the amendment of Mr. Bayly.
Pending this motion,
A motion made by Mr. HARALSON, that the
House adjourn, was rejected.
The SPEAKER again stated the recurring ques-
tion as follows: The original motion pending was,
to refer the correspondence to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs; the gentleman from New York
moved, as an amendment to that motion to refer
so much as relates to the coasting trade, to the
Committee on Commerce, and so much as relates
to the increase of duties on British iron, &c., to
petitions, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were
presented under the rule, and referred to the ap-
propriate committees:
Bv Mr. DOTY: The petition of J. S. Brook*, Thomas J.
Townsend, R. S. 3-iamherf, and other citizens of Vinland, (
in Wi-consin, upon the subject of slavery and the slave ■;
trade. i'
By Mr. McLANAHAN: Resolutions adopted at a public j;
meeting of the inhabitants of the borough of BloomfMd, in .
the county of Perry, Pennsylvania,praying Congress to pro- (,
; vide by law for granting of .emall pensions to the survivors i j
! of the volunteer soldiers who served in the late war with ^
; Great Britain, and for granting one hundred and sixty acres j j
; of land to the sons and daughter? of every pprson who per- j,
; formed a certain duty aa a volunteer in said war, upon eon- j;
! dition of occupation and improvement of such lands. jj
! By Mr. MTLLSON: The memorial ot the Norfolk Sea- i}
man's Friend Societv. asking an appropriation for the com- j:
pletion ofa Sailor-"" Home at Norfolk. j;
, By Mr. NELSON: The memorial of Dr. D. S. Edwards, f
' n pureeon in the United States Navy, asking to he allowed :
| for servants, forage for horses, &c., whiJe serving with the ;
! army in Mexico. j1
Bv Mr JfJLT.-VN: The petition of 26 citizens of W.iyne ;
county, Indiana, praying Congress to prohihif bv law slavery i
! and the slave trade in the temtories of the United States. !,
i AI«o«ihe petition of 40 citizens of the same county, pray- ;
| ine Confess to refuse the admission of any more slave
! States. " I!
Also, the petition of 41 citizens of the ?ame county, pray-
Also, the petition of 36 citizens of the samp county, pray-
ing Conpre>s to repeal all laws by which slavery or the
slave-nade i> authorized in the District of Columbia.
By Mr. BURROWS: The petition of citizens of Kendall,
OI ans county, New York, asking Congress to establish
a post-route from Carlton, Orleans county, New York, :o
Charlotte, in Monroe county, New York.
Pv Mr. KING, of Massachusetts: The petition of Oliver
A. Taylor and 47 others, citizens of Manchester, Ma^achu-
sett*, rgainst the admission of slave Stares, for the repeal of
all laws "U4raining slavery, for a jury trial for fugitives from
service, agaiuet the extension of slavery, and for the aboli-
tion of the =aine m the District of Columbia.
By Mr. K[\"G, of New Jersey: The petition of inhabit-
ant*! of New Jersey, for cheap letter postage of two cents
piepaid, upon each half ounce.
the Committee on Manufactures. The gentleman | mg congress to provide a trial by jury in behalf of persons
from Virginia moved to amend the amendment, [! cimmrd fugitive tiavnp.
by referring so much of the correspondence as re-
lates to the duties on iron, to the Committee of |
Ways and Means. The queatien is first on the j
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia. i
Mr. BOYD inquired if the amendment of the :
gentleman from New York was not susceptible of \
amendment, as comprising two distinct proposi- j
tions? j
The SPEAKER again stated that the question j
was first on the amendment of Mr. Bayly.
Mr. THOMAS moved that there be a call of '
the House, end asked the yeas and nays; which :
were refused.
And the question, "Shall there be a call of the |
House?" was taken, and decided in the negative, :
without a division. '
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. BUTLER, of Pennsylvania, desired, he ,
said, to put a question to the Chair. If the House j
should vote down the motion to refer to the Com- I
mittee of Ways and Means, and the motion to re- :
fer to the Committee on Manufactures, would it -
then be in oider to move a reference to a select
committee >
The SPEAKER. The previous question being j
moved and seconded, the House is brought to a vote
upon all pending motions of reference In the
case of a bill, if motions of reference shali have
been voted down, the question would be on the
engrossment or passage. But in this case it is dif- ■
ferent, the subject-matter being not a bill but a !
message or papers; and if the House should vote
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 15, 1850.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of citizens
of Maine, asking that a Government v.essel may be '
furnished to convey the delegates from the United
States to the Peace Convention to assemble at the
city of Frankfort, in Germany, in August next; ,
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, a petition from citizens of Alexandria, in
the State of New York, asking that slavei y and the
slave trade may be abolished in the District of Co-
lumbia, or the seat of Government removed there-
from. And a petition of citizens of Wilmington,
in the same State, asking for the abolition of sla-
very and the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia.
Also, two petitions of citizens of New York,
down the motions to re^er now pending, the mes- asking that slavery and the slave trade may be pro-
sage would still be before the House, and any j hibued by law in all the Territories of the United
other motion to refer would be in order.
The question now is on agreeing to the amend- I
merit of the gentleman from Virginia. !
Mr. HAMPTON asked the yeas and nays: '
which v/ere ordered.
States.
Also, two petitions from the same, asking that
the right of trial by jury may be secured to fugi-
tive slaves.
Also, two petitions from the same, asking that
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the House ad- \\ no State may hereafter be admitted into the Union
' whose constitution does not expressly prohibit sla-
very within its limits.
Also, a petition from citizens of New York, and
a petition from citizens of Vermont, asking that
the bill now pending in the Senate introduced by
Mr. Mason, which provides for the recovery of !
fugitive slaves, may not become a law.
AU of which petitions were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. JONES submitted additional documents
relating to the claim of James M. Marsh to in-
demnity for losses sustained in consequence of a
robbery committed on him by a band of Sioux
Indians, while in the execution of hi3 duty as a
journ,
Mr. BURT rose, he said, for a similar object.
The question was taken, and the vote stood,
ayes 63, noes 67.
So the House refused to adjourn.
And the question recurring on the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia,
Mr. MEADE inquired of the Speaker whether
a motion would now be in order to move to lay
the whole subject on the table r
The SPEAKER said, that motion would be in
order.
Mr. MEADE submitted it.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
negative, without a division.
- rT , , !i deputy surveyor of the public lands; which was !
bo the House decided that the whole subject i, referred to the Committee cf Claims. 1
should not be laid on the table. ;; Mr. COOPER presented the proceedings of a '
And^then, without further action, by ayes 71, ij meeting of the citizens of Bloomfield, in the State '
n°o?i67rr i- j •' of" Pennsylvania, in favor of the enactment of a '
.the House adjourned. I; ]aw allowing bounty lands to the officers and sol- ■
  j! diers of the last war with Great Britain; which were 1
NOTICE OF BILL. ! | referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. !
By Mr. PULLER: A bill to authorize the payment or ji Also, a petition from citizens of the same State, I
asking that slavery m the District of Columbia
may be abolished; which was orderd to lie on the
table.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, presented a me-
morial, signed by sundry citizens of the District of
Columbia, some of whom, he said, were known
to him personally, and all were represented as
highly respectable,askinga reorganization of their
judicial system. The memorial, he thought, would
best explain itself, and he would therefore send it
to the Chair, and ask that it be read and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Secretary read it as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representatives in
Congress assembled:
The undersigned, citizens of the DisUictof Columbia,
respectfull> represent: That we claim the rmht, in common
with our countrymen, to assert these principles of our glo-
rious Declaration of Independence: "That mankind are
more dispo>ed to sufiVr, while evil?- are fciifleraMe, than to
riaht themselves by abolishing \hc forms to which they are
! accustomed; but when a long train of ahu es and usurpa-
tion?, pursuing invariably the mine object, evinces a design
ton (iu e them under absolute despotism, it is their right,
i if h their dcty to throw off such government, and to provide
new guard' for their future secutity." "Such (wemayfur-
• thersHj) ha-s been the patient sufferance of" the people of
this Di-triet, " and such is now liie necessity which con-
strains them to" petition for an alteration of their present
, judiciary system.
We also, in common with our countrymen of The whole
' United J?tate> , claim the ri*ht to participate in the blessings
ofouriiohl^ Constitution, and heieby declare that we will
ever maintain our right to this article of that sacred char-
ter, that •' in suits at common law, where the value in con-
. troversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the rigiit of trial by
jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried bv a jurv shall
be otherwise reexamined in any court ot the United States
thnn according to ihe inlfs of lite common law."
We are constrained to believe and declare that this great
(aiid our only great) nuht is practical!) denied to ns. We
do not hesitate to say that, since the irinrmit\ of our venera-
ble Chief Judse. the Curuit Court (which is our principal
Court) ha< lest ihe confidence of our people. It is p rt of
an antiquated, tediou-. intricate, and expensive s)?tem. far
behind the progress ol the age and the want" of our commu-
nity. While our fellow-citizen? around u^, in both Marx-
land and Virginia, are enjovmc the benefits ot an improved
and still inipioving judiciary, we seem to he condemned to
, dwell forever among the infirm and obsolete institutions of
the pa-t.
We trust that Congress will hieak these chains, at JccWt,
and -ufi'er us to start upon some new and useful plan of juns-
pnidtiu e.
We prny of right to have a simpler, speedier, cheaper, and
feeder judiciary, and that an appeal may he secured in all
1 caa^s.
We desire to abolish all vestiges of laws of imprisonments
for d^bt.
And princioally, we desire and claim the right lo elect our
judges and magistrates.
Finally, we hope th.it, \\ hatevcr change* may be made, ft
proper prow-ion will be afforded (or our veneiahle Chief
Judge, on account of hi- long, useful, faithful, and just
sei vices.
It was then referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Columbia county, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, asking an increase of duties on foreign iron;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HALE presented a petition of citizens of
Maine, a petition of citizens of New Yoi k, a peti-
tion of citizens of New Hsmpshite, three petitions
of citizens of Massachusetts, two petitions of citi-
zens of Connecticut, two petitions of citizens of
Pennsylvania, two petitions of citizens of Ohio,
and a petition of citizens of Massachusetts and
other States, asking that the right of trial by jury
may be secured by law to fugitive slaves.
Also, a petition of ministers of the Methodist
Episcopal church, arid members of the New Eng-
land Conference, asking that slavery may be abol-
ished where it now exists, as far as it can be con-
stitutionally done, and that it may he prohibited
' by law in all the territories of the United States;
' and also that the right of trial by jury may be se-
, cured by law to fugitive slaves; ail of which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, asking that the ri<rht of trial by jury
may be secured by law to fugitive slaves; a peti-
tion of citizens from the same asking that no State
, may hereafter be admitted into the Union whose
constitution does not expressly prohibit slavery
within its limits; a petition of citizens of the same,
asking that slavery may be prohibited by law m
all the territories of the United States; and a peti-
tion from the same, asking that slavery and the
slave trade may be abolished in the District of
Columbia; all of which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented two petitions of
citizens of Kentucky, asking the establishment of
