1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
a mail-route from John R. G. Burk's, or Clear
Point, to Dr. J. C. Green's, in that State; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. SOULE presented a memorial of the cor-
porate authorities and citizens of the town of
Shreveport, Louisiana.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY,
Ordered, That the petition and papers of , on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which were referred the several memo-
rials from citizens of Ohio, of Missouri, of Iowa,
and other places, asking a donation of public land
in aid of universities, high schools, and academies,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill to divide
the State of Wisconsin into two judicial districts,
reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution; ;
which lies over under the rules: j
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior furnish, or ]
cause to be furnished for the use of the Senate, copies of !
the papers of the late Alexander Sander?, a Cherokee In- j
dian, who wds wounded m the Creek war, and, in conse- '
quenee thereof, claimed to he entitled to a pension under
the Cherokee treaty of 1835; also, a copy of the deeiMon of i
the Commissioner of Pensions disallowing the pension. j
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso- j
lution: !
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed,if in hta j
power, to communicate to the'Senate a statement showing ;
the extent an't value of the commeice on the Mississippi j
and Ohio rivers and their tributaries, exhibiting Mmilar :
facts in relationto that commerce a-< were communicated [;
in lelation to the commerce of the lakes in his resD.-rise of
the 3d instant to the resolution of the Senate the 26th March
lact.
The resolution was read.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider that resolution at this j
time. j
There being no objection, the resolution was I
taken up for consideration. !
Mr. BORLAND, i will simply say, in ex- |
planation, that some time since the Senate received
from the Secretary of War a response to a resolu- !
tion of this body in relation to the commerce on j
the lakes. That communication was referred to j
the Committee on Printing-, to consider the pro- f
pnety of printing that document; but as the fur- !
ther information which is called for in the resolu- j
tion is deemed desirable, the Committee on ]
Printing have withheld their report on the docu- ■
ment submitted to them, with the hope and ex- j
pectation that this further information can be
procured, so that both answers can be printed to-
gether.
The resolution was adopted.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some early day thereafter, ask leave
to introduc? a bill to amend the pension laws so as
to embrace the widows and orphans of certain sol-
diers who were in the service of the United States
on the frontier during the late war with Mexico.
Mr. FELCH gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill to authorize the State of Illinois to
select the balance of the lands to which she is en-
titled under the act of 2d March, 1827, granting
land to aid that State in opening a canal to connect
the waters of the Illinois river with those of Lake
Michigan.
THE PATENT LAWS.
Mr. TURNEY. Mr. Prevsident, I ask the
Senate to take up for consideration the bill to pro-
mote the progress of the useful arts. My object is
to have it made the special order for to-morrow at
half-past twelve o'clock. If the Senate will accede
to this application, I am satisfied that it can be
disposed of in half an hour, so that it will not in-
terfere with any other business.
Mr. FOOTE. I am not disposed to interpose
any objection to the application of the honorable
Senator from Tennessee, if it is not likely to inter-
fere with the consideration of other important
measures.
Mr. TURNEY. I would not make such a re-
quest if I at all apprehended that it would run into
the hour which is set apart for the consideration of
other special orders. I simply ask for the consid-
eration of this subject-during the morning hour.
The motion to proceed to the consideration of
this bill was agreed to, and the question was stated
to be on the motion to postpone its further consid-
eration, and to make it the special order for to-
morrow at half-past twelve o'clock.
Mr. FOOTE. But a single remark, Mr. Presi-
dent. Perhaps what I said before was not heard,
or not attended to by the Senate. We have grave
matters before us, and I hope they will not be
postponed to make way for this bill. I said before,
however, that if I had any reasonable assurance
that this bill would not interfere with the other
special orders at the hour designated for their con-
sideration, I would not interpose any objection to
the motion of the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see; but we have no such assurance. We have
had an intimation of opinion, to be sure, on the
part of the Senator from Tennessee, that this bill
can be got through in half an hour; but such an-
ticipations are being constantly disappointed, and
unless there can be some distinct understanding
that in the event of discussion springing up on that
bill, and it should not be disposed of by one o'clock,
it shall be further postponed, so as not to interfere
with the consideration of other matters, I for one
cannot a°;ree to it.
Mr. TURNEY. I do not know what under-
standing the Senator from Mississippi desires or
wants. I hope he does not expect that every Sen-
ator will getup and say that if the bill shall not be
disposed of within half an hour, he will be willing
that it shall be postponed for the consideration of
other public matters. Formyself, I have expressed
the opinion that it can be disposed of in half an
hour, and a willingness that it shall be further post-
poned if it is not. My motion is to take up this
bill for the purpose of making it the special order
for half-past twelve o'clock to-morrow, and I again j
repeat, that if it is not dispos-ed of by one o'clock i
it may be further postponed to the next morning |
hour. !
Mr. FOOTE, Then I have no objection. j
Mr. CLAY. One single remark, Mr. President. !
I concur entirely with the Senator from Mississippi 1
in his opinion of the absolute necessity which ex- ;
ists for the consideration of those measures of a
grave public character to which he has referred.
I am desirous that in that respect there should be ,
no time lost; yet I think the Senator from Ten- |
neesee has placed his application on a ground so !
moderate and so resonable that, for one, I shall not j
be disposed to object to his motion. If the Senate ;
is disposed to make the bill before us the special
States dismissed both of these officers and ap-
pointed General Atkinson. General Atkinson,
however, declined accepting the appointment, and
the President of the United" States then nominated
Colonel Gadsden, an officer of great merit, and
that nomination was sent to the Senate for con-
firmation. The Senate rejected the nomination of
Colonel Gadsden, admitting at the same time his
high qualifications, and his meritorious services,
but rejecting the nomination on the ground that the
President should have made, and was bylaw re-
quired to make, the selection from the two Adju-
tants General in office at the time the bill was
passed. The President renominated Colonel Gads-
den after his rejection by the Senate, and accom-
panied that nomination with an argument. The
Senate reconsidered the question, and by an
increased majority rejected the nomination of
Colonel Gadsden on the ground before stated.
The President of the United States did not ac-
quiesce in the decision of the Senate. Colonel
Jones was reduced to his lineal rank, and received
compensation in the line as captain of artillery.
A few days after the inauguration of the new
President in 1823, he nominated Colonel Jones for
the appointment, which had been vacant from
the time Colonel Gadsden was rejected to the
time now referred to, when Colonel Jones was
nominated. The President, by this nomination,
and the Senate, by its action, asserted the right of
Colonel Jones to the office which he held at the
time of the passage of the law of 1821.
The Military Committee, (o which this question
was referred, were unanimously of opinion that,
during the whole period intervening: between the
time that General Jones was deprived of his office
and the time he was renominated, he was in fact,
and in right, the adjutant general, and entitled to
the pay and emoluments belonging to that office.
They have therefore reported the bill which is now
on your table, by which they provide for the pay-
ment to Geneial Jones, during this period of three
years, of the difference between the pay of a cap-
tain m the arm)- and the pay that he was entitled
to receive as adjutant general. They consider it
a matter of right. In this they agree entirely with
the committee to which the same subject was re-
ferred at the last session, who unanimously made
a similar report.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, this seems to
me to be a very extraordinary measure, and I
should like to hear some further explanation from
the committee that repoited this bill. I doubt if
we should thus pay fur constructive service, for
services which wcie never rendered, especially
when the officer whom it is proposed to pay in that
way received pay in the other capacity in which
he acted. I thought we paid for services rendered,
order for half-past twelve o'clock to-morrow, in a .  
spirit of liberality the Senator from Tennessee has ij and not for services not rendered. Now, whether
promised that it shall be further postponed if it shall j: the officer was rightfully or wrongfully deprived of
not be got through with by one o'clock. I think, '! the exercise of the duties of tlfe office of adjutant
therefore, that we should accede to his proposi- | general, he went into service m another capacity,
"and received pay for the set vices which he ren-
j deied. But now, for services which he did not
j render, he comes here and asks compensation. I
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was conse-
quently further postponed and made the special
order of the day for to-morrow at half-past twelve
o'clock.
ADJUTANT GENERAL ROGER JONES.
Mr. GREENE. I now ask the Senate to take
up for consideration the bill for the relief of Gen-
eral Roger Jones. I made a like motion some days
ago, but I then yielded to other matters that were
considered of more pressing importance. I hope
the Senate will now indulge me by acceding to the
motion which I have made.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was read
a second time by its title arid considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole. There being no proposition
to amend the bill, it was reported to the Senate,
and the question recurred on its engrossment for a
third reading.
Mr. SEWARD.
the reasons for passing that bill.
Mr. GREENE. Mr. President, I will state
very briefly the reasons, and they are such as, I
think, will commend themselves to the considera-
i tion of the Senator from New York. At the period
' of the reduction of the army in 1821, there were
j in commission two Adjutants General. The bill
j passed at that time reduced the number to one.
i The Adjutants General then in office were Colonel
j Jones, thepetuioner, the present Adjutant General,
] and Colonel Butler. The President of the United
do not know to what extent this principle will
carry us in other cases. I think we should be
somewhat cautious before taking a step of this
kind; for there may be hundreds of other officers
removed from the service for some cause or other,
who may come forward and claim compensation
for the tune they were out of service. There may
be such cases, for aught I know, standing for
twenty years, and this might seem to furnish some
! precedent for such applications. 1 therefore am
j opposed to the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,
i this question was brought before the Military Com-
1 mittee at the last session and again at this session,
and we agreed to repoitthe bill which is now on your
; table, considering that the legal light to receive
, | the pay of adjutant general vested in this officer. It
I ask for some explanation of |j is not, I must confess, one of those complete cases
fKnt l,,l! ! against which no argument can be brought. It is
j true, as stated by the honorable Senator from Lou-
! isiana, that the duty was not performed by this
j officer during the term for whicn he claims com-
j pensation. This is a very different case from
| that of the officer going out of service and then
coming back to it and claiming compensation for
! the time he was out of it. The case was simply
j this: There were two adjutants general during the
war of 1812. On the organization of the peace
I establishment, after the close of the war, the num-
