1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBE.
May 15,
ber was reduced to one. The President did not
consider that the law confined him in his nomi-
nation to either of the two adjutants who had served
during the war. But the Senate construed the law
differently. They considered that it only author
ized the President to discard one and retain the
other of the adjutants that had served during the
war. They accordingly rejected the nomination
of the President. Thus the contest stood between
the Senate and the Executive for the few years
during which Adjutant Geneial Jones went to duty
as a captain of artillery. He served as a captain
of artillery, I believe, for about three years, and
then the nomination of Adjutant General Jones
was made by the President and confiimed by the
Senate. He claims now, and I think with equity,
that he was adjutant general throughout the whole
period, though he was denied the risrht of perform-
ing his duties, having been ordered to the subor-
dinate functions of captain of artillery. If he were
adjutant general during the whole period—and we
have the fact thai no one else was confirmed during
that time—he has an equitable right to the pay.
The measure of compensation to an officer of the
army is his rank, and not the amount of duty per-
formed. We may, and we do, on certain occa-
sions, give pay to an officer < f the army for per-
forming higherduiies th^n his command authorized
him to do; but in no case can we deprive an officer
of the pay of his command because he does not
perforin the duties of it. 1 think, therefore, that
the bill properly recognizes his right to be legally
the adjutant general at that period, and, conse-
quently, he is entitled to the pay. But still, as I
have stated, objections can be made to this meas-
ure The Senator from Louisiana has presented
some. The fact that the officer did not perform
the duty, and was not requiied to perform the duty,
can only be answered by explaining that the
officer sought to perform the duty and was denied
the right of performing it.
Mr. SiSVVAKD. Will the chairman of the com-
mittee allow me to ask him what was done with
the other adjutant general?
Mr. D VIS, of Mississippi. He resigned.
Mr. SEWARD. Then there was but one per-
son who could exercise those duties according to
the construction of the Senate, nnd none according
to the construction of the President.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I can see no objection
to the pass-ige of the bill.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise simply to stale that I have
given some little attention to this matter, and I
concur most cordially with what has fallen from
my colleague on the present occasion, and in every-
thing that he has said in favor of this claim. It
seems to me that there can be no sort of doubt of
the propriety of our sustaining; this claim. It ap-
pears to be a fact almitted on all sides that this
officer was not allowed to exercise the official
duty he was called upon to perform by the au-
thority vested in him by law, and which he was
ready and willing to perform, but had not an op-
portunity to perform, because he was precluded by
the action of others.
Mr. DOWNS It seems to me that the argu-
ment of the honorable chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs has made my case much
stronger than I at first supposed it was. I had
supposed that this officer was permitted to assume
his duties asain, after it had been decided that he
was entitled tothe office without anv new commis-
sion. But it seems now that he was nominated
adjutant general by the President, and confirmed
by the Senate. I take it that it was the constiuc-
tion of the Piesident and Senate that he was out of
office at the time, or he would not have been re-
nominated.
_ Mr. DAVIS,of Mississippi. With the permis-
sion of mv friend from Louisiana, I will state lhat
point. There were two adjutants general during
the war. The law required but one of them for
the peace establishment, and the Senate contended
that the President must select the adjutant general
from the two who had served during the war;
whereas the President held that he had a new ad-
jntant general to appoint. That was the whole
difficulty between the President and the Senate.
Mr. DOWNS. What I meant was this: If I
understand the question, there was no adjutant
general; for the Senate refused to confirm the nomi-
na'inn of the President for two or three years.
When the new President came into power, Gen-
eral Jones was nominated and confirmed for the
first time. If it be the case that there was no ad-
jutant general for these two or three years, it seems
strange to me that General Jones should claim the
pay for an office which he did not hold, either
legally or constructively, but for which he was
afterwards nominated and confirmed. This makes
my case a much stronger one. He now holds his
office under the new title acquired by his new com-
mission, and he claims compensation for a period
of three years prior to the date of his commission.
That certainly makes my case much stronger than
I supposed it to be.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I wish to make
a single remaik. The commission of Adjutant
General Jones can hardly be called a new one,
when his nomination was based upon the decision
of the Senate that one of the adjutants general w ho
had served during the war must be appointed. It
was a nomination in conformity with the act for
the reduction of the army. It is not to be consid-
ered as a new nomination, or as a new commis-
sion, as it was only thedesignation by the President
which of the two adjutants should remain. The
same thing was done to a great extent in different
departments of the army. Nominations were
made for captaincies, because, when the war was
over, some declined a reappointment, others ac-
cepted the new commission, and others resigned
altogether. So it was in the marine corps. But I
will not detain the Senate by stating such cases.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, 1 believe I shall"
vote for this bill, though I generally vote against
claims of this sort. 1 do it on account of the great
deference I entertain for the opinions of those who
support this bill. But, sir, I have another reason,
which operates more strongly upon my mind, to
which I beg to call the attention of the Senate. 1
think, by passing this bill, we will vindicate the
action of the Senate in rejeciing a military nomi-
nation sent to it by the President, in contravention
of the expressed will of the Senate as to what was
the law regulating the nomination. That, sir, I
think is a very important principle. I think that
the Senate, being a part of the appointing power,
should retain that power in their hands. And if,
sir, there should be any nomination pending be-
f .re this body when we go into executive session
—1 do not know that there will he—but if there
should be such a one, in which the President should
send a nomination in opposition to the expressed
will of the Senate, and where another individual
is entitled to the nomination, I trust the Senate
as one man, notwithstanding their individual sen-
timents, will vidicate the power of the Senate over
this appointing power of the President. It is on
that ground that I most heartily concur with the
committee. I trust that Senators, if they should
find an analogous case, notwithstanding what may
be their private sentiments on particular subjects,
will feel a regard for the maintenance of the privi-
leges of the Senate, and will adhere to the princi-
ples established by this bill. I hope the Senate
will go as one man to carry it out in all cases.
This, sir, is the reason, and I confess it is a very
strong one with me, why I advocate this bill. It
j is to vindicate the rights and powers of the Senate,
i I trust that our friends who receive our aid will,
i whenever an occasion presents itself, carry out the
| piinciple of the bill.
j Mr. DAWSON. As a member of the com mi t-
i tee, and one who concurred in its report, I be°-
i leave to make a statement. In 1621 the army
| was reduced, as the chairman of the committee
| correctly states. The question was then whether
jj Adjutant General Butler or Adjutant General
Jones should be the adjutant general. General
j Butler resigned, and the question was, whether
li Colonel Gadsden, who had been presented to the
|| Senate for confirmation under the act of 1821, or
jj Adjutant General Jones should be the individual
jj Beloie this discussion m the Senate of the United
States as to who was the pioper adjutant general,
IJ (jenetal Jones was ordered off on service as a
jj captain of artillery. At a subsequent period, two
jj or three years afterwards, the Senate confirmed
; the appointment of Adjutant General Jones, and
|i deciar-ed hirn to be the adjutant general under the
:I y, I f,Now, the question is, whether or
not he shai be entitled to receive his pay as adiu-
tant general for that period. The committee has
not decided that he is entitled to the whole pay
independent of his pay as captain of artillery, but
that he is entitled to the difference between the pay
of capiain of artillery and the pay of adjutant
general, without any of the rations. It is but a
small amount. I he argument of the^chairman of
the committee comes in with its full force. It is
his legal right. The amount appropriated, I re-
peat, is not the full pay of the adjutant general for
that period, but merely the difference between
the pay of the adjutant general and the pay of a
captain of artillery for that period. It will be
merely confirming the construction given by the
Senate to the act of 1821, that Adjutant General
Jones was by law, notwithstanding the suspen-
sion of his duties, still the adjutant general. That
will be the decision.
Mr. GREENE. I wish to say but a single
word. I omitted to stale when I was up before,
that Colonel Butler, one of the adjutants general
in 1821, was nominated for colonel of a regiment,
but he resigned, and retired from the army. It
will therefore be peceived that General Jones was
the only one of the adjutants general remaining;
and, the Senate having determined that the selec-
tion must be made from those two, the one re-
maining must become by right the adjutant gen-
eral, and, as such, should be paid for the time he
was not permitted to discharge the duties of his
office. If you reject this bill, it will deprive him
of that advantage to which the law entitles him.
He did not perform the duties of his office during
that period in consequence of any act of omission
on his part, but in consequence of the act of the
President, who nominated another.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Can the Senator inform
me when Colonel Butler resigned?.
Mr. GREENE. I cannot.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 am of opinion that the
Senate had a right to go behind the nomination, in
the case referred to, in order to inquire into the
circumstances under which it was made, and to
express their opinion of the propriety of the nom-
ination. 1 perceive that this piinciple will be
clearly recognized, in case this bill shall pass.
Nothing can be clearer.
There ate reasons, however, why I am unable,
although I am desirous to see the assertion of this
principle, to vote for this bill. General Jones was
not in the performance of the duties for which
compensation is now asked. He was acting as
an officer of the army, discharging the duties of
another rank, for which he had his pay. Subse-
quently he had the good fortune to obtain a nomi-
nation to that place to which he regarded himself
entitled, and from that moment he has received his
pay. Now, I do not regard the subsequent nomi-
nation and approval as necessarily involving the
idea that during the entire period between his re-
duction to his lineal rank and his nomination, he
was in fact the adjutant general of the army, but
merely as carrying out the views of the Senate that
he was entitled to a new nomination.
Now, there are many persons who think them-
selves and whom their friends regard as entitled to
office, but who do not get it so soon as they desire;
and shall we go back and give compensation before
they get it? General Jones was nominated anew,
and was confirmed by the Senate; and he holds his
present office by virtue of that new commission.
I cannot conceive that there is any pretence for
his claiming pay previous to that confirmation, and
the commission received under it. The Senate, it
is true, expressed the opinion that he ought to
have been nominated; and 1 venture to say that if
he had been nominated in 1822, at the time that
the name of Colonel Gadsden was sent in, he
would have been confirmed bv the Senate. But
he was not then nominated, and did not then re-
ceive his commission. The rejection of Colonel
Gadsden was merely the expression of the opinion
that another nomination ought to have been made,
and the assertion of the right of the Senate to go
behind the nomination of the President, and in-
quire into the circumstances attending it, in which
1 heartily concur.
^r' DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
Maine has made two or three very great mistakes.
In the first place, the expression of opinion by the
oenate was not that a certain nomination outfit
not to be made, but that it could not be made. The
law required that the adjutants general, as 1 have
before stated, should be reduced from two to one
on the organization of the peace establishment af-
ter the last war. One of the adjutants having re-
signed, one remained; and it was held to be, by
the terms of the law, obligatory on the President
