1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
me—even admiiting that the law of Mexico did
extend to New Mexico this side of the Rio del
Norte, the Constitution of the United States, by
its own necessary operation, abrogated that locai
jaw, and invested the owners of staves with the
power of carrying their slaves into any portion of
the territories acquired by us from Mexico. But
there is still another opinion. There are many
Senators and members of the House of Represent-
atives, and a large portion of the American peo-
ple, who believe that all the territory this side the
Rio del Norte, from its mouth to its source, is
Texas, and that the laws of Texas consequently
extend over it: and therefore that the Texas laws
pomprehend New Mexico this side of the Rio del |
Norte, and that the lex loci of the territory east of
the Rio del None is at this moment the law of
Texas. If that opinion be correct, there is noth-
ing in the bill reported by the committee to re-
strain the transportation of slaves from the slave-
holding States into that portion of New Mexico
which is on this side of the Rio del Norte. Hence
there is nothing to prevent the bringing before the
Supreme Court of the United States the question
of the right of the slaveholder to preserve posses-
sion of his property, avid enjoy the benefits of it,
if he should take it to the territories. There wilt
be no difficulty about the matter if the bill as re-
ported by the committee remains unchanged. And
if the Supreme Court shall be of opinion either
that the laws of Texas stretch over New Mexico
this side of the Rio Grande, or, as maintained by
my friend from Georgia, that the Constitution of
the United States abolished the Mexican laws by
which slavery was abrogated, in either case ihe
owner of slaves in New Mexico would have a
right to enjoy the possession of his property. But
if, on the contrary, as I believe, the Constitution
did no such thing, and Texas, not having actual
possession, did not extend her laws there, then it
would follow that the right to maintain and carry
slaves Ihere would not prevail. I have endeav-
ored, sir, to state the effect of the provision m the
bill as reported by the committee, and the opera-
tion of the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, as I understand it.
Mr. RUSK. I desire, in this stage of the pro-
ceedings on this bill, to say but a few words in
answer to a part of the argument of the Senator
from Kentucky. He seems to suppose that the ex-
tension of the laws of Texas over every foot of the
territory claimed by her, is necessary lo constitute
a title to the territory; that unless actual possession
and an actual extension of the law in the exercise
of jurisdiction absolutely over every foot of the
soil takes place, her title is incomplete.
Mr. CLAY. My friend will allow me to correct
him. I said nothing about title. I spoke of the
law as it exists tie facto or tie jute. But law cannot
be introduced without some action by legislative
authority, if there be a preexisting local law. If
there be a law de facto, although the title may be
in Texas, yet the lex loci will exist until the law
assuming that Texas has a good title is carried
through by the force of legislative authority. I re-
peat, I said nothing about title.
Mr. RUSK. Even with that explanation, I
feel compelled to differ with the Senator from Ken-
tucky; but it is not material to what I was about
to say to discuss that question now. I will simply
say that it seems to me that where sovereignty 111
a territory is maintained, there the laws ot the
sovereign of the soil ought to go. 1 do not intend,
as I said, to go into a discussion of this question;
but I desire to make a few remarks, at the present
time, intending to say more when the question
comes up oil anotliei part of the bill. The remark
I wish to make now is this: It will make no differ-
ence whether Texas is in the actual possession of
this territory or not, so far as the validity of her
title is concerned; nor is it necessary to go back
beyond the treaty of Guadalupe fiidalgo to estab-
lish clearly and unquestionably the right of Texas
to every foot of land east of the Rio Grande: and
if we were not distracted by the question which
is made use of for various purposes, ar.d which
has divided the country into almost sectional par-
ties, to a great extent, this position never would
have been questioned in the slightest degree.
When Texas was invited into this Union, by
the action of the Congress of the United States,
her boundaiies were defined by a solemn lav.' of"
her Congiess. With a full knowledge of this law
of boundary, the Congress and Government of the
United States extended an invitation to Texas to ;
come into the Union as one of the States of the
Union. Not only was it known on our statute
books as our public kw, but it was a subject-
matter of discussion in this and the other branch
of Congress. It was a subject-matter of inquiry
by this body, upon the President of the United
States, pending the treaty which was negotiated.
There is a map among your records and do-
cuments, familiar to every one, furnished by
the President of the United States, which distin- j
guishes all the country east of the Rio Grande as ;
belonging to Texas. Here, then, is a material
point. The annexation, in the face of these facts !
and of this public law, took place, and no objec- |
tion was raised. The power is reserved in the .
jomt resolution of annexation to fix the bounda- !
ries of Texas only in so far as it related to the j
boundaries of the Government of the United States j
with a foreign Government. What was done j
under the provision of that authority vested in the j
Government of the United States? A negotiation j
took place, pending a war which had broken out j
in the first instance. Pending that war, the army !
of the United States took possession of this very i
territory of Santa Fe. The President of the j
United States, or rather the general under the di- .
rectionof the Government, established a temporary |
Government, which he had a right to do, and j
would have a right to do in the State of Viiginia, I
if her government was driven off by a public ;
enemy, and it would not weigh a feather in givii^ •
title to the Government of the United States. But
he established a Government—a temporary one of :
this character—and so it was treated, and so it was j
considered at the time. But this was sufficient to ;
wake up the jealousy of the Government of Texas
that the United States might seek, as they had a
scarcity of land, to claim a part of what belonged j
to Texas. The Governor of the State of Texas
inquired of the President of the United States if
he set up any claim to that territory. His answer,
by Mr. Buchanan, the Secretary of State, was
made, slating that the President of the United
States iooked upon the Rio Grande as the bound-
aiy of Texas, from its mouth to its source. Now,
was this fair dealing on the part of the United
States, if it was intended to claim any part of this i
territory? Aside from all discussion on this sub- |
ject of slavery, according to the plain and homely j
principles of common fair dealing, and that too by •
this Government, which ought to be the guardian,1
and not rival of the States of this Union, is it right ;
to throw Texas off her guard by assurances of
this kind, made by the Executive of the country,
and then come in ana claim the territory ? Is it '
right to say, " You need not trouole yourselves, '
because we recognize the teiritory as'yours," if
any claim was to be set up by the Government of
the United States? Should there not have been :
fair dealing, when the territory was about to have j
its boundaries tixed ? Was Maine treated in that '
way, was Massachusetts treated in that way, when i
their boundaries were about to be established with
a foreign'power ? Was a letter written to them by 1
tiie PiesiUent of the United States, recognizing their
claim to the whole, and when lulled into security,
and after the treaty was made, was it claimed for
the United Siates to the whoie extent, or any part
of it ?
Sir, the treaty was made under the assurances of ,
the Gov eminent which made it that it legarded the
claim of Texas to the Rio Grand. The map
shows that; it does not show a foot distinguished
as New Alexico by the coloring on this side of that
river; but it is colored and descnbetl as New
Mexico on the other side. Under such circum-
stances, is IL creditable to the country; is it ciedit-
able to those who agitate the quesnon which is ■
likely to shake this countty from its centre to its
circumference, to bring in Texas as a party to this'
Is there a Government in the world, acting as a
guardian of jurisdictions under her general super-
intendence and control, that would do this and
thus inteifere? But what is the condition of Texas,
!J one of the States of this Union? title is said to
jj have come in, according lo the terms of the reso-
!j lution, as one of the original States. Exhausted
j| by a fifteen years war with Mexico, wnicli was
l( waged against poweiful odds in pomt of numbers
11 and preparations, coining in under these citcum-
|j stances, lulled into security, in what condition do
| we find ourselves now? A pari of our <it,zens,
[I or those on soil which is ours by every title, are ,
at least encouraged by fanatics to come forward
and claim that the soil does not belong to us, and
that they have a right to set up a government
within the territory of Texas.
1 am, however, happy to say that the President
of the United States has recently—although there
were some portions of his message which encour-
aged these people to go forward and make a State
within a State—he has recently instructed the offi-
cers there not to interfere in any controversy that
may arise between these citizens and the State of
Texas in enforcing her authority. 1 make these
remaiks perhaps a little too early; but it is a aab-
ject which I feel a vast interest in. It is not pie is-
ant for a Slate just emerging into existence to be
in a state of controversy with the General Gov-
ernment; and it is less pleasant when that State
came in under a high state of political excitement,
which 1 fear has not been forgotten yet.
It is my opinion, then, that the boundary of
Texas extends to the Rio Grande, and that her
law prevails t.iere, she being the sovereign of the
soil. But this bill proposes to extend a terri-
torial government to a part to which Texas has
never set up any claim. The amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi was, I suppose, intended
to apply to that part, and 1 do not imagine that he
intended or thought it necessary to embrace that
portion to which the laws of Texas extend east of
the Rio Grande.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I certainly did
not intend to express any doubt of the right of
Texas to the Rio Grande. That was the bound-
ary which she had defined before she was annexed
i to the United States. With that definition of her
I boundary she was annexed, the United States
; meiely reserving the right to adjust her htni'.s by
' negotiation with Mexico. Negotiation failing we
went to war, we acquired the territory, and 1 feel
that we acquired the territory for Texas; that
1 every acre is hers, according to the boundaries
' defined by her when she was an independent State,
i had no object to involve the question of Texas
boundary at all. It was the remark of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, who made an application of
the amendment I proposed to the country this side
of thePuo Grande, winch brought up this question,
i My opinions of the boundary of Texas are such
: as I have advanced 111 former times, and such as
! are maintained by my friend from Texas. The
I object of my amendment was distinctly to under-
stand whether we are to have the right'recogmzed
to go into the territory with slave properly or not.
I am among those who have held that when ibis
■ territory was acquired, the Constitution extended
over it, and gave protection to all rights by a shield
as broad as the territory acquired by the Untied
States. 1 was one who held that the local Mexi-
, can laws were extinguished wherever thev con-
flicted with the rights of a citizen of the United
States, because the Constitution and laws of the
. United States were supreme over the territory.
; That I am, as heretofore, willing to submit to the
Supreme Court, if the question can be presented
untrammeled by legislation. Nor does the amend-
ment proposed by me touch that question or c«n-
, template its decision by Congress. With great
deference to the Senator from Kentucky, i think
, he has put a construction upon the amendment
which it Will not bear. If it contained language
meaning no more than the original bill, then'I
should have thought the Senator need not have
wasted time upon it; but if it was proposed to
change the language withoutchangmg the meaning,
it might have tjeen allowed to pass, as a less evil
i than would be a debate upon it. The object of the
i amendment is to restrict the territorial hgi^laliire
| from action hostile to pioperty, Inn i,ot from um-
; king necessary pro visions lot its proti ctton: mi th-it,
instead of saying that " no iaw shall be passed 111
resfeet to African slavery," it simuid tit-Hart- that
"no l.tv shall be parsed unci ferine with those
rights of propei ty winch glow nut of the institu-
tion of African slavery, as it exi.-in in any of the
States of this 1.111011.*' As I s-iatid. lavvs m re-
spent to African slavery me m^ssaiy wlmowr
such sltivtsare held. Tlte Senator bum KeoUn ky
Knows that as well as (iny one can; he knovvs that
there are police reguidt.ons which muM be enacted
where that species of propei ty is hi id 1 hold
that we have a right to go into ihi-.-e territories
with that species ot pro^eiiy—that any man inch-
ing .slaves may go there, lemming Ins light U, the
■ possession and enjoyment of that property m iui
