1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
/
V
new home. We are giving or proposing to give a
government to a territory, which act rests upon
the basis of our right to make such provision. We
suppose we have a right to confer power. If so,
we may mark out a limit to which they may le-
gislate, and are bound not to confer power beyond
that which exists in Congress. If we give them
power to legislate beyond that, we commit a fraud
or usurpation, as it may be done openly or covertly
and indirectly. If Congress has no right to legis-
late upon this question of admitting or excluding
slaves, then why is it not right to say that the ter-
ritorial government created by Congress shall not,
under our grant, legislate outside of the limit to
which Congress may constitutionally go? I pro-
pose to amend this so that it shall exclude from
the powers of the territorial legislature the right to
interfere with the rights of property in slaves, as
they are possessed by citizens of the United States
in any of the States of the Union; to prevent legis-
lation hostile to the equal right of all citizens to
occupy and enjoy the common property of the
United States, with any property held in either of |
the sovereign States, the true proprietors of all ter-
ritory held by the United States.
The Senator from Kentucky asks me if I meant
to apply this to the legislation in the territories?
Certainly I did. What else could I mean? Did
1 fear that Utah or New Mexico would pass laws
against holding slaves in Mississippi? The idea
would have been too preposterous to be supposed.
My object was to prevent thepassage of laws hos-
tile to our rights in the territories where they have
or may have a right to legislate—to prevent the
passage of laws which there would interfere with
the rights of property growing out of the existence
of African slavery. It was to secure rights which
we hold under the Constitution, and to prevent
the discrimination of a restriction against legisla-
tion for the protection of that species of property
to the same extent as for every other species of
property.
But the Senator from Kentucky has avowed his
purpose that the lex loci shall remain; that the right
to hold this properly shall be determined by the
lex loci. Now, this strikes me as strange, coming
from one who, two days since, in language so de-
cided , so eloquent, even fervent, arraigned the non-
action policy of the Administration, which would
leave the local law still in force. To us where is
the difference? The Senator's view, equally with
the policy he condemns, would prevent our south-
ern citizens from going there with this species of
property; and, though I do not agree with him as
to the continuance of Mexican laws, his position
shows the extent to which our rights are to be re-
spected and maintained. This is important to me,
though, in common with most southern men, i hold
that the law of Mexico was repealed (except with-
in the narrow limits of the relations of person and
property preexisting and remaining in the coun-
try) on the acquisition of the temtory. That is
my opinion, and I hold that no political laws exist
in the country to which this bill tefers, except
those resulting: from the legislation of Texas. The
Senator from Kentucky holds a different opinion,
and therefore it is to his opinion that my remarks
apply. His object is to leave the laws of Mexico
in force. If I misunderstand the Senator, I will
listen to his correction.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator understands me per-
fectly.
Mr. DAVIS. I am happy not to have miscon-
strued hun. I only judged fiom the motion of his
head that perhaps I had committed an error. I do
not, Mr. President, feel that 1 have inducement to
labor here, at least on this occasion, to secure a
due regard for the rights of the South. I feel it is
as if the grain sheaf should oppose the sickle to
oppose the dominant majority, who can, and we
have reason to believe will, crush any proposition
which will require explicit avowals, and be sub-
stantially for the benefit of the South.
1 make this amendment to the bill for establish-
ing a government for New Mexico, to show to
those whom I represent what are the terms of the
law, if it shall become one; how it is construed by
its framers; and how it rolls with immolating wheel
over the rights of my constituents.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I desire to soy
only a few words. I had no purpose, sir, m any
observations I made, to enter into any discussion
or consideration of the question of title on the part
of Texas to the country this side of the Rio del
1005
Norte; and my friend from Texas, therefore, |j supposed, after there was a restoration of the
whose zeal is entitled to the highest commenda- jj authority of the Crown, and a replacement of the
tion in behalf of the rights of his o wn State, when ,J monarch on the throne—who ever supposed that
he supposes them to be either directly or remotely the laws passed during the reign of the Common-
infringed or endangered, might have saved himself j wealth had no force, because they were laws by a
the necessity of making any observations on the j government de facto and not by a government de
subject. The whole scheme, as he well knows, is jure? However, these are questions which are
founded on putting aside the consideration of the not worth taking up the time of the Senate to
v. ':.Uy or IS™ , -',5y °.f the tltle °J. "rExas t0.this consider, and the simple question now before the
territory. The bill—that part of it which relates
to Texas—assumes that she has a claim to the
country, and proposes a large pecuniary equiva-
lent for that claim. In other words, we propose
to buy our peace with Texas; and I am sure, when
my friend comes to consider the liberal terms we
propose—whether Texas has a good or a bad title
to these lands, whether that title is a valid or an
Senate is, whether it will adopt an amendment;
and I shall feel myself constrained to vote against
it, although I greatly regret to differ from the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] But I will
take his amendment as he intends to propose it,
and I shall vote against it upon the supposition
that the sense which he intends to convey is in
fact conveyed by its language. Then, what is that
... '   -■ —-■ i - —v wii t vj kt y no lunguae^, A IlCil, W II CI I JB til civ
invalid one he will say that these terms are s proposition? The proposition is, that by express
«nr.h „  -r legislative authority you shall recognize the right
of the owners of slaves to carry these slaves into
Utah and New Mexico; that they should be car-
riable there by the authority of Congress; that
they may be transported there by the authority of
the amendment which the Senator offers.
Now, sir, I can only repeat, what I have often
had occasion to say before, that while I am willing
to stand aside and to make no legislative enactment,
one way or the other—to lay off the territories
without the Wilmot proviso on the one hand, with
which I understand we are threatened, or without
an attempt to introduce a clause for the introduc-
tion of slavery into the territories—while I am for
rejecting both the one and the other, lam content-
ed that the law as it exists shall prevail; and if
i there be any diversity of opinion as to what it
' means, I am willing that it shall be settled by the
highest judicial authority of the country. While
I am content thus to abide the result, I must say
that 1 cannot vote for any express provision rec-
ognizing the right to carry slaves there.
And allow me to say to the Senators from the
South, and to my friend from Mississippi, if he wilt
allow me to apply that expression to him, which
I do with the most profound truth and sincerity—
for he is not only my friend, but he was also the
friend of one who is now no more—allow me to
ask him, sir, and the other southern Senators, if,
with their views of what ought to be done on the
subject of slavery, they can think it right that Con-
gress, by an express enactment, should authorize
; us introduction into these territories? Does not
[ that power, in virtue of which you would express-
ly provide for the introduction of slavery, imply
the converse of the proposition, and the right to
pass a law for the prohibition of slavery? And
yet if I have been fortunate enough to understand
the doctrine of southern gentlemen generally, it is
one of entire absence of all legislation upon the
subject of slavery, either pro or con. Yet, if the
amendment of the Senator from Mississippi be
adopted, as I understand it, it recognizes, by an
irresistible conclusion, the power of Congress to
prohibit as well as to introduce slavery into these
territories.
Now, Mr. President, I appeal to the Senator
from Mississippi upon this occasion, with the
great object in view which animates us all with a
great desire—a desire which is prevalent through-
out the country—to terminate the discussion of
these questions, and to settle them upon some ba-
sis of amicable accommodation—is it worth while
for us to be disputing about—what ? The right to
carry slaves where no man on earth would ever
think of carrying them—the right to carry slaves
north of the line delineated in the bill for the ad-
justment of the territorial question with Texas;
to carry them where they cannot go, where they
would not be held as a gift, and where labor at
this moment, as I learn from authorities referred
to the other day, may be obtained at the rate of
from three to four dollars per month? Sir, I hope
we will not allow ourselves to be divided upon
this unimportant question, but that we will dis-
pose of it in such a manner as will show that we
are anxious to consummate the great object we all
so earnestly destie.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
will make a very brief reply to the remarks of the
Senator from Kentucky, and will address myself
first to his last position, lam not one of those
who hold that it is a settled fact that slaves will
not go into these territories. Little is known of the
interior of this country, very little of a large por-
tion of the territory included in the limits of Des-
such as aie conceived and offered in a spirit of
liberality.
Now, sir, with respect to another friend—my
friend from Mississippi—allow me to say a few
words. He seems to think that there is some in-
consistency between my present course and that
which I took the other day on the subject of non-
action. Now this subject of non-action has been
very much misconceived, both in the country and
in Congress. Non-action, as respects legislation
on the subject of slavery, is one thing—and for
that I go; but non-action, so far as giving to these
people, separated from their connection with the
^Republic of Mexico and brought under our juris-
diction—non-action as to giving them a suitable
government, is a totally distinct thing. I am in
favor of action as respects government for the ter-
ritories, but I am in favor of non-action as respects
the question of slavery. I think that the honora-
ble Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] when
he comes to consider the distinction, will see that !
there is no inconsistency between my present
course and that which I took a few days ago.
Now, sir, with lespect to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Mississippi. The Senator
says there is a right on the part of the slavehofder,
in any of the slave States in the Union, to carry
his slaves into Utah and New Mexico, on this
side or on the other side of the Rio Grande; that
the Constitution of the United States has abrogated
or abolished the laws of Mexico, arid that, there-
fore, in virtue of the operation of the Constitution,
this right exists. He went on further to intimate
that the laws of Texas perhaps privileged them,
and that the laws of Texas might have abrogated
the laws of Mexico on the subject of slavery.
These are the opinions of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. It is my misfortune—and I regard it as
one, I assure him—to have to declare that I differ
from him. And, sir, how is the existing differ-
ence to be settled ? By that very judicial authori-
ty to which the Senator in a former session was '
so ready to refer it. If I am right in my supposi- j
tion or opinion in regard to the prevalence of this '
or that law, why then, when the question comes
before the Supreme Court of the United States, to
which it will be carried, the right to carry slaves
there will be disavowed. If, on the other hand,
the Senator from Mississippi is right, either in
supposing that by the Constitution of the United
States or by the local law the introduction of slaves
is authorized, or that the laws of Texas stretch
over the country, and authorize the introduction
of slaves, in either contingency the Senator will
attain the object he proposes—the right of the own-
ers of slaves to carry them there. I think with these
two chances against me the honorable Senator ought
to be satisfied, believing, as he appears to believe,
that both the Constitution of the United States
and the laws of Texas authorize the carrying of
slaves there; whereas I go upon the ground that
the laws of Mexico did stretch over there, and
that the laws of Texas did not; because, although
it may be conceded, for the sake of argument, that
Texas has a good title, yet she had not the pos-
session de facto; and I can assure him, and I can
put it to nobody more confidently, that there is a j
difference between a title without possession, and |
the obligations of the local law, or the obligations I
of the government de facto to maintain its author- ]
ity, notwithstanding it is not connected with the |
title. Sir, there are numbers of cases of this kind, j
In the case of the Stuarts, in England, when con- j
tending for the Commonwealth—when the throne j
was vacated, when Charles I. was beheaded, when !
England was under the Commonwealth, who ever i
