1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
cret or Utah. We know, however, by those j
si^ns which are never to be mistaken by the j
geographer, by the character of the lower part of j
the Colorado river, that it must drain an extensive j
valley, and that it must run through an alluvial j
soil; and we have, from the accounts of hunters |
and others, reason to believe that there are wide- i
"spread and fruitful valleys in that country, i will j
say more, although it is perhaps likely to increase j
the opposition to my amendment. I say, in a
spirit of candor, that I believe that the valley of
the Gila is rich in gold, and that slaves will prob-
ably be taken there for the same purpose for
which they would have been taken to California,
if they had not been excluded by the failure to
protect and the threats to prohibit that species of
property by Congress. But, sir, whether slaves
go there or not, our constitutional rights are above
the mere matter of interest involved in the ques-
tion. It is said that our Revolution grew out of a
preamble; and I hope we have something of the
same character as the hardy men of the Revolution,
who first commenced the war with the mother
country—something of the spirit of that bold
Yankee who said he had a right to go to Concord,
whether he had any business there or not, and
that go he would; arid who, in the maintenance of
that right, met his death at the hands of a British
sentinel. Now, sir, if the right to carry slaves
into these territories be~a constitutional right, it is
our first duty to maintain it.
But, sir, not intending now to make any ex-
tended remarks, I will briefly notice the answer of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky. He coo*
strues me again and again as asking for a law to
provide for transporting and securing the introduc-
tion of slaves into the territory. Now, sir, what
ie the amendment? it is to prevent the legislature
of the territory from legislating so as to interfere
with the right of property in slaves. It is not
asking Congress to pass a law providing for the
introduction of slaves into the territory, but it is !
asking Congress, while they are conferring the j
povversof legislation upon the inhabitants, tore-
strict them from legislating against our rights in j
slaves—io restrict them so that they shall not in- j
teifere with those rights of property which grow i
out of the institution of African slavery. That is j
the whole proposition. I do not ask Congress to j
legislate for the introduction of African slavery |
into the territory. I do not ask Congress even for |
the admission or the recognition of the legal con- i
stitutional right. I rest that upon the Constitution,
and when that right is denied, our reply has been, j
we will test it before the constitutional umpire, the ,
Supreme Court of the United States. 1 claim that ,
territorial legislation shall not interfere with those
rights of property which we have under the Con- •'
stitution. That right t claim to be derived from the i
Constitution and nature of our Government. It is j
not sought to create or provide by my amendment ■
for any new interests, it is true that upon a former ,
occasion I spoke of settling this question by di- i,
viding the territory; and when 1 spoke of dividing !■
that property, I claimed that we should have on j-
that side set apart fo<- us, our rights fully guaran-
tied and admitted, as they were exclusively aban
doned on the other side, set apart to the opposite i,
party. That when shvery was excluded from the i!
country north of 36° 3U' ;t must be recognized i\
south of that line. That was the extent to which ;;
\ went on a former occasiorl; on this occasion 1 j1
have said nothing about it. My whole answer to j;
that part of the aigument of the Senator from
Kentucky is, that I have not asked for a law for h
the introduction of slavery into these territories; |!
and thai until 1 do, I am under no obligation to de- r
fend policy which neither myself nor my friends !;
have suggested. j:
But I submit to the Senator whether his argu- I
ment of the existence of the Mexican law, or of!
the continuance of the Mexican law, when coupled ,
with a prohibition to the legislature against pass- '
ing any law respecting African slavery, is not of
the same character, does riot go to the same effect .
as the Wilmot proviso itselfr Then what is the
fact? The Witmot proviso fails, but upon us
prostrate body the proposition is rai&ed that the ,
Mexican law shall continue in force, as welt against
the guaiantees and prinnples of the Constitution
as against the wishes of the people. I must con- :
fess, sir, that it requires more acumen than 1 pos- !■
sess to draw the distinction between that and the !;
Wilraot proviso. I did not, however, intend to u
arraign, in any offensive sense, the consistency of ;
my friend from Kentucky, as I am permuted to i
call him. I not only accepted the appellation when :
he applied it to me, out I accepted it gratefully; and
i felt the remarks which came from him in a sup-
pressed voice more deeply than I can express.
Between us there is a tie of old memories, an as-
sociation running back to boyhood's days, near
and dear, and consecrated, so that death alone can
ever sever it. It is one which he well knows, and
1 can never forget.
But I was, from a stern sense of duty, defend-
ing, guarding the constitutional rights of those
whom 1 represent. 1 did not intend to arraign the
conduct or consistency of any one—certainly not
to impute bad motives to any one—this is not my
practice, and I trust will never become so.
Mr. YULEE. I am glad, Mr. President, that
this amendment has been offered. If the phrase-
ology in which it is couched does not cover the
object avowed by my friend from Mississippi, I
hope he wiil so modify it as to accomplish that
purpose. 1 voted, sir, for laying this measure
upon the table this moinmg—alone, I believe,
among all the representatives from the South upon
this floor—for the same reasons which led me,
upon us first introduction, to express my entire
disapproval of the scheme of adjustment proposed
by the committee. It was becau&e I could perceive,
in what was offered to our consideration, no single
point in which a concession was made to the South
—not one. If there was one, it was a concession
to be implied in the clause now under considera-
tion, and to which the Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Mangum] pointed, us at the time. It was a
concession by implication, if any at all was meant,
that the Constitution and the laws of the country
should, within that teiritory at least which was
i not included in the California State bo 'ndartes,
I cover and protect the property in slaves of south-
l em citizens, as they do all other descriptions of
: property of every other citizen of the United States.
I Now, sir, the purpose of this amendment, as i
i understand it, is to discover whether it was really
i the intention of the committee so to recognize the
j rights of the citizens of the South to protection
; within the limits of the territories now to be es-
! tabiished for their property m stives, by adopting
I a phraseology adequate to the purpose. If that
i were not the purpose of the committee, if that be
not the practical operation intended in the bill,
then I call upon any gentleman in this body, upon
the chairman of the committee, who is conversant
with the purposes of the committee, or any other
member of that committee, to point out a single
passage of the bill in which a concession is made
to the South. You take California into the Union
with a constitution inhibiting slavery; you take
territory which is now covered by the sovereignty
of a State which recognizes slavery, and add it
to the territory of New Mexico under circum-
stances certain to result m making it auxiliary to
the generation of a new free State, to be added to
the power of the North; and you not only do it,
sir, by prostituting Texas to your purposes, if she
will petmit, by an appeal to her necessities, but
you require us from the South to contribute our
quota of the ten millions which is thus to be used
in converting territory now slave territory, into
free territoiy. You permit, for the first time in
the history of the Federal legislation, by the bill
relating to the slave trade, as it is styied, m this
District, a distinction to be made between slave
and other property, by prescribing a rule for the
control of rights in that description of property
wheh does not apply, an J which is not proposed
to be applied, to other descriptions of property.
Mr. FOO i'E. 1 am sorry to interrupt the Sen-
ator from Florida, but 1 rise to a point of order.
VVhilethis bill is before us 1 think it is not in order
to discuss the question of the abolition of slavery
m the District of Columbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Florida is called to oider. The bill for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia is
not now before the Senate.
Mr. \ULEE. 1 am referring to the scheme
presented by the commute foi this object.
The PRbSlDLN'G OFFICER. But that is not
now before the Senate. The subject now before
the Seriate is the bill for the admission of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. YULEE. I was endeavoring to show that
there wag not a single aspect in which a conces-
sion was made to the South, unlesa it be by an
implication that the protection of law was to be
given to slave property within the limits of the
territorial governments created in the bill. Now,
sir, if that protection is not really intended, I in-
finitely prefer that the admission of California
should come before us as a separate measure, and
that, if she is to be admitted, she should be ad-
mitted by the exertion of the power of the North,
and that the North should stand upon the record
responsible for the act. But, sir, the honorable
Senator from Kentucky proposes to leave our
rights to the operation of the lex loci there. Sir,
that concedes nothing to us, for we have now al-
ready all which such a provision could afford us.
Sir, if we are only to have those righis winch
we can establish consistently with the existing
laws in New Mexico and Utah, we have them
already under the existing state of things; and if,
i under the Constitution of the United States, we
have authority to carry our slaves into those ter-
i ritories, in defiance of the municipal laws left by
Mexico at the date of the cession, we have it now,
and we have it under the protection of the judicial
department of the Confederacy, quite as well as
this bill will give it. But, sir, when 1 hear the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, as the chair-
man and spokesman of that committee, declaring
that it is his understanding that the laws of Mex-
ico inhibiting slavery are now in force, and that
under the operation of this bill, us introduction
will be inhibited, and when I find in the phraseol-
ogy of the bill, that not only is the legislature
not permitted to repeal those iaws, but that it is
not permuted to adopt legislation by which we
may be protecied in lhe lenure of our slave prop-
erty there, 1 take it that this bill will be not only a
mockery, but an insult to my constituents, which
should never be sanctioned by my vole.
But the Senator from Kentucky Pays he will
not consent by his vote to extend the exi.-ten< e of
slavery beyond its present limits, and into new
territory. And why notr Will the presence of
slavery taint the soil? Will it be contaminating
to those who go from the North, to mingle with
southern emigrants who carry slaves with ihem
If so, and if this sentiment prevails in the North,
the union of these States, m fifteen of which
slavery exists, is a contamination, in northern
opinion, and their political connection with us
should cease. But certainly, sir, if I am not much
mistaken, the Senator has very much changed of
late in the tenor of his opinion upon this sul ject.
If I am not much mistaken, there was a time when
he maintained Lhe right of the souihern citizen to
carry with him into all the territories of the Union
his slave property, and when he eloquently and
vehemently uiged the recognition of lhat riglr, as
due not only to their prerogaliv e as citizens o' the
Union, but as due also to humanity towards the
blacks, whose condition would be improved, as he
claimed, by diffusion.
: I am quite distinct in my recollection that such
was the position taken by the Senator from Ken-
tucky during "the pendency of the Missouri con-
troversy, at which time the Senator was a mem-
ber, and 1 believe, the Speaker of the other House.
And now, sir, in the piesent day, upon an ac-
quisition of territory under circumstances much
more impressive of our right to a joint pain.-ipA-
tion than was the case in reference, to the lerrOory
; of Loui.-iana; when we seek,from a due regard to
the advantage of the three millions of beings
placed by Providence under our guatdianship, and,
' m vindication of the political lights which we
hold under the constitution, we demand that w*
Shall be protected in the right to colonize lhe i. rr>
tones which belong to us in common, and lo In
secured in our propetty there, we are me! by the
assertion of the chtiiroian of the (ommniee lhat
he will not consent, and I predion- it was rot
the intention of lhe committee to wn.-tnt, ilm; by
any vole of tins body, or by any phn..<eol<>^v of
this bill, the existence of -lave properly "shall
pass beyond lis present limitation Sir,'we are
forced to the conviction lhat this couii.romive doei
not meet the great and radical issue which lies at
the bottom of the agitation now .stirring the two
great sections of the Union; and ih,n i«, whether
the South r-hali henceforth 1H. r< i-tnried in her
n^ht of colonization, and w' ether lhe opportunity
and the means of ftnther addition of si-ne. Slates
to lhe Union ahall in; embanashed and prevented
by the legislation  f CorigreM?
