
of that angle better than it was before. Traverses to intercept shot from the sand hills have been placed on the parapet and upon the terrepleins.

The bridge connecting the barracks and guard-house is completed, the doors arranged with fastenings, doors cut through the partition walls of the barracks, trap-doors cut in the floors, and ladders made. The howitzers in the finished caponiere are put in good working order. The second caponiere was commenced yesterday morning, with a full force of masons, and by to-night was over six feet in height, with both embrasures completed. Major Anderson wanted me to adopt some more temporary construction, but I showed him that this would be far more valuable in the defense, and having the materials and masons ready, I could construct it just as quickly, and cheaply. On Monday I shall erect a lookout tower or sharpshooter stand on top of the guard-house, at Major Anderson's request. I have stopped for the present the work upon the glaces in front of the sea front, and put all my force upon the above works. The glaces has, however, assumed fine proportions, and is in fact nearly completed. One-half of the interior slope is well sodded, and half of the glaces slope covered with muck six inches thick.

It will take very little work to complete the whole of it as soon as the present pressing work is finished.

Very truly, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

[Indorsement Numbers 1.]

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, December 24, 1860.

Respectfully submitted to the honorable Secretary of War for his information, and with the earnest request that the instructions solicited by Captain Foster may be promptly given.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Captain of Engineers, in charge.

[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, December 26, 1860.

Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary of War, and his attention urgently called to the within report as one of great importance.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Captain of Engineers, in charge.

[Indorsement Numbers 3.]

ENGINEER OFFICE, December 26, 1860.

Have just seen the Secretary of War, and read to him the within letter. His only remarks in regard to it were that it was very satisfactory, and that he hoped or thought, I don't distinctly remember which, that we should get over these troubles without bloodshed. He further said he did not wish to retain the letter-this in answer to my question.

H. G. W.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 24, 1860

Captain J. G. FOSTER,

Corps of Engineers, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 20th instant* I have to say that on application at the Treasury it is ascertained that no remittance can

---------------

*Asking for $10,000 on account of Fort Sumter.

---------------

