
undo what had been done contrary to its wishes, against its settled policy and in violation of its distinct agreement. The President accepted his resignation without comment. He did not attempt to disabuse the mind of his Secretary as to what was the true position of the Government.

What a spectacle does the President's vacillating and disingenuous course present! He allows one Secretary to resign rather than abandon a policy which he has agreed upon. Scarcely have a few short weeks elapsed, and he accepts the resignation of another rather than adhere to that very policy. He makes an agreement with gentlemen which, while he admits that they have faithfully kept it on their part, he himself evades and repudiates. And this he does rather than redress a wrong, correct an error-what he himself considers an error-committed by a subordinate, without his orders and contrary to his wishes! It was at least due to Mr. Floyd, who, as one of his Cabinet, had officially and personally stood by his administration from its very commencement- through go do report and through evil report-to have explained to him that he was, in the President's opinion, laboring under a misapprehension; at least to have said to him, "You are mistaken about this matter: do not leave me on a false issue." But no; he coldly, ungraciously, yet promptly, receives the resignation without a syllable of remonstrance, and thus tacitly but unequivocally accepts without shame the issue presented. He does not deny that the faith of his Government is pledged, but he deliberately refuses to redeem it.

WM. PORCHER MILES.

LAWRENCE M. KEITT.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, January 2, 1861.

Memorandum of arrangements.*

Telegram sent to Mr. A. H. Schultz, 64 Cedar street, P. O. box 3462, New York City, that his propositions are entertained and that a staff officer will be in the city to-morrow evening to conclude arrangements.

Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas is directed, first, to satisfy himself that Mr. Schultz's agency is reliable, then to cause the steamer to be prepared for sea as soon as practicable, provided the terms be reasonable; then to cause two hundred well instructed men with, say, three officers, to be embarked from Governor's Island, with three months' subsistence, including fresh beef and vegetables,a nd ample ammunition; also, one hundred extra stand of arms. Instructions to be sent by Colonel Thomas in writing to Major Anderson that should a fire likely to prove injurious be opened upon any vessel bringing re-enforcements or supplies, or upon her boats from any battery in the harbork, the guns of Fort Sumter may be employed to silence such fire, and the same in case of like firing upon Fort Sumter itself.

The orders to the steamer and the troops on board will strictly enjoin complete concealment of the presence of the latter when approaching the bay; Major Anderson to be warned to stand on his guard against all telegrams, and to be informed that measures will soon be taken to enable him to correspond with the Government by sea and Wilmington, N. C.

Colonel Thomas is further directed to inform Major Anderson that his

---------------

*In the handwriting of General Scott.

---------------

