
greatly strengthened during the last two weeks. Traverses have been erected along the sea front, and merlons, formed of sand bags and earth, constructed between the guns. These merlons, apparently well built, will afford very good protection for the carriages and men, and defilade the parade and greater portion of the quarters from our direct fire. It seems that they have repaired these carriages, and that all the guns are now in position on the sea front. I am, of course, unable to state with any accuracy the character of the armament of their batteries or the number of men they have under arms; we hear that the garrison on Sullivan's Island, at Fort Johnson, Castle Pinckney (the parapet of which is strengthened by sand bags), and on Morris Island amount to about two thousand men. In reference to my communications with the Department, you must bear it in mind that matter is entirely under the control of the governor of this State, who may, whenever he deems fit, entirely prohibit my forwarding any letters or prevent my sending any messenger, to my Government. I shall, however, as long as I can do so, send daily a brief note to the Department the reception of which will show that the channel is still open, and the failure will indicate that our communication has been cut off.

Trusting in God that He will be pleased to save us from the horrors of a civil war.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF WAR,

Charleston, January 19, 1861

Major ROBERT ANDERSON:

SIR: I am instructed by his excellency the governor to inform you that he has directed an officer of the State to procure and carry over with your mails each day to Fort Sumter such supplies of fresh meat and vegetables as you may indicate.

I am, sir, respectfully yours,

D. F. JAMISON.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FORT SUMTER, S. C., January 19, 1861

Honorable D. F. JAMISON,

Executive Office, Department of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, stating that you are authorized by his excellency the governor to inform me that he has directed and officer of the State to procure and carry over with my mails each day to Fort Sumter such supplies of fresh meat and vegetables as I may indicate. I confess that I am at a loss to understand the latter part of this message, as I have not represented in any quarter that we were in need of such supplies. As commandant of a military post, I can only have my troops furnished with fresh beef in the manner prescribed by law, and I am compelled, therefore, with due thanks to his excellency, respectfully to decline his offer. If his suggestion is based upon a right, then I must procure the meat as we have been in the habit of doing for years, under an unexpired contract with Mr. McSweeney, a Charleston butcher, who would, I presume if permitted deliver the meat, &amp;c., at this fort or at Fort Johnson, at the usual periods for such delivery, four times in ten

