
his flag. He will be buried with all the honors of war in the parade of the fort.

By order of Brigadier-General Beauregard:

W. H. C. WHITING,

Adjutant and Engineer General.

Copy furnished to-

Major ROBERT ANDERSON, U. S., First Regiment of Artillery.

P. S. -The wounded will receive the best attention, and will be placed in the State hospital.

By order of General Beauregard:

W. H. C. WHITING,

Adjutant and Engineer General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 20, 1861.

Major ROBERT ANDERSON,

Late Commanding at Fort Sumter.

MY DEAR SIR: I am directed by the President of the United States to communicate to you, and through you to the officers and the men under your command, at Forts Moultrie and Sumter, the approbation of the Government of your and their judicious and gallant conduct there, and to tender to you and them the thanks of the Government for the same.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 7. Engineer journal of the bombardment of Fort Sumter. By Captain J. G. Foster, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army.

NEW YORK, October 1, 1861.

April 9, 1861-The four-gun battery on the upper end of Sullivan's Island that was unmasked yesterday morning by blowing up the wooden house standing in front of it was situated very nearly upon the prolongation of the capital of this fort, and, therefore, could enfilade the terre-pleins of both flanks of the work, as well as sweep, to a certain extent, the outside of the scarp wall of the left flank, where alone a vessel of any considerable draught of water could lie near to the fort and discharge her cargo. It therefore became a matter of importance to provide traverses to intercept the fire along the barbette tier of the right flank, as this contains the heaviest battery, intended to operate both upon Fort Moultrie and Cummings Point, and also to prepare means for quickly unloading any vessel that may run in alongside the left flank with supplies for the garrison.

For the first purpose I commenced to prepare (for want of sand bags) a large double curb of boards and scantling, to be elevated upon the top of the parapet at the right shoulder angle, and being filled with earth hoisted from the parade, to serve for a traverse to protect this flank.

