
two in number. The first is only a short distance above the Moultrie House, and about 1,460 yards above Fort Moultrie. It is armed with three guns, either 24-pounders or 32-pounders. It is not in sight of this fort, being in range of and beyond the Moultrie House. Its position is opposite that portion of the Maffitt Channel which comes closest to the island.

The second battery is at the upper or east end of the island, and is armed with two guns, 24 or 32 pounders.

The last information from the island gave the number of men there as 1,450. But of these a very large number are raw recruits for the regular regiment that they are forming.

In this fort we are hard at work perfecting the arrangements for defense and offense, and creating new ones. Three 10-inch columbiads and four 8-inch columbiads [for which there are no carriages] are arranged as mortars.

The women and children are to leave for New York to-morrow by steamer.

The authorities have promised to send over my private effects from Sullivan's Island, but have declined to allow me, or any one sent by me, to go over to collect them and pack them. I am, however, pleased to secure what i can in the way that is indicated by the authorities. I will write again in detail as soon as I can determine the trace of the works on Cummings Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., February 1, 1861.

Major ROBERT ANDERSON,

Commanding Fort Sumter, S. C.:

MAJOR: The President deeming it unnecessary longer to detain Lieutenant Hall, he will start this afternoon for his post. By him I send this letter to inform you of the receipt of your several letters, up to No. 26, inclusive.

The matters pertaining to Colonel Hayne's mission not being yet fully determined, I am unable to say more from the Secretary of War than that your course in relation to the tender of provisions from the governor of South Carolina, and in all other matters which have come to the knowledge of the Department, is approved to the fullest extent.

I am, &amp;c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

No. 30.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., February 1, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Nothing unusual has occurred, as far as I know, around us. They are still engaged working on Cummings Point. The lighter is now here, loading with women, children, and baggage. They are to leave the city in the steamer for New York to-morrow.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

11 R R

