
lected. The idea seems to be to place their batteries all along the beach between Cummings Point and Light-house Inlet [which is also fortified], so that a landing must be attempted under the fire of at least one battery. Some little work is being done on Fort Moultrie, strengthening the merlons of the guns on the sea front.

It now appears that the rear of Fort Johnson is protected by a line of entrenchments which comes out on the beach a little above the mortar battery, and probably runs across to the old Martello Tower, situated about 500 yards southeast of the wharf, near the beach.

No unusual movements are observed, except the firing of one gun in the city at about 11 1/2 o'clock last night. A negro boy, escaping from the city, came down last night about 11 o'clock in a canoe to this fort. He was at once sent back. The guard-ship anchored inside the main ship bar has, I observed, housed her topmasts.

We did not get up the 10-inch columbiad yesterday for want of time. The work of filling the openings on the gorge, first tier, with solid stone is progressing satisfactorily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

No. 71.]	FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 13, 11861.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that we see only a small party engaged this morning raising the parapet of the work usually alluded to as the mortar battery, near Fort Johnson. Yesterday afternoon about a hundred blank cartridges were fired from Fort Moultrie, on what occasion we know not. This firing showed us that all the guns are in position on that work. Our sick-list is slightly on the increase; five are reported sick this morning.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 13, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The work upon the redoubts on the channel side of Morris Island still continues quite actively. It is confined to those described in yesterday's letter. The pacific news by telegraph on the 11th seems to have created a pleasant feeling in those around us, if we may judge by the quantity of powder that they burned yesterday. About one hundred and fifty guns in all were fired, but not with regularity; of this number Fort Moultrie fired about one hundred guns. The remainder were fired from the Maffitt Channel battery, above the Moultrie House, and from the batteries on Morris Island.

We got up the 10-inch columbiad yesterday, and transported it to its carriage. To-day it will be mounted at the west gorge angle. One-third of the loophole openings on the first tier of the gorge are solidly closed with stone, with lead run into the joints.

A third temporary building is being demolished to obtain fuel. When the supply from this is exhaust the blacksmith shop will have to be

