
It is opposed that this was Vice-President Stephens, of the so-called Southern Confederacy. Three rounds were fired from all the batteries on Morris Island, except Numbers 1, apparently as much for practice as for saluting, for most of the guns not pointed in this direction were shotted. This firing enabled me to detect the positions and approximate calibers of the guns in these batteries.

The marginal sketch represents this roughly:

*MAP.

Numbers 1. Battery of sand and palmetto logs, four 24-pounders.

Numbers 2. Iron-clad battery, three guns, 42-pounders or 8-inch columbiads.

Numbers 3. Battery of sand and palmetto logs, three guns, 24-pounders or 32-pounders.

Numbers 4. Battery of sand and palmetto logs, with one 8-inch columbiad or 8-inch sea-coast howitzer.

Numbers 5. Star of the West Battery, five guns, 24-pounders or 32- pounders.

a is a large magazine; b, c, d, are defenses of the character of redoubts on top of three sand hills.

There were two guns at each round fired from the light-house battery.

Three or four more guns were landed yesterday with barbette carriages, and most of them (in fact, all that are removed from the landing which is in front of battery Numbers 1, where there is deep water close in shore) were carried around upon the channel side. One, at least, was placed in battery Numbers 4, making four guns in that battery at present.

These guns with barbette carriages came from Castle Pinckney, nearly the whole of the upper tier of which is being removed for this purpose. None of the guns from Fort Moultrie bearing upon this fort or the channel have been removed. No work is being done ont eh batteries looking towards us. All preparations are directed to strengthening the channel batteries very much, and to covering the present batteries in the rear, which was before open.

No work of any magnitude is being done on Cummings Point to-day (Sunday). On James Island the work on the covered way connecting the flank of the line of entrenchments and the mortar battery is being continued.

The weather is pleasant, although there are indications of a storm brewing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.

