
Numbers 80.] FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 22, 1861.

(Received A. G. O., March 25.)

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a few men are working this morning at the large battery near Fort Johnson and also on Cummings Point behind battery Numbers 2.

I have examined the point alluded to by Mr. Fox last night. A vessel lying there will be under the fire of thirteen guns from Fort Moultrie, and Captain Foster says that at the pan-compe, or immediately on its right-the best place for her to land-she wold require, even at high tide, if drawing ten feet, a staging of forty feet.

The Department can decide what the chances will be of a safe debarkation and unloading at that point under these circumstances.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 21, 1861.

Major R. ANDERSON, First Artillery, Commanding:

MAJOR: I have examined the commissary supplies on hand, and find them to be in kind and amount as follows, viz:

Six barrels of flour; six barrels of hard bread; three barrels of sugar; one barrel of coffee; two barrels of vinegar; twenty-six barrels of pork; one-fourth barrel of salt; one and a half barrels of rice; three boxes of candles.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

NORMAN J. HALL,

Second Lieutenant, First Artillery, A. A. C. S.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 22, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Everything appears to be quiet this morning in the batteries around us. Night before last the South Carolinians put down again the buoy that had been taken up a few nights before from its position, about half a mile to the east of this fort. It appears, however, that it was not replaced in the former position, but placed upon the opposite side of the channel.

Last night a special messenger, Mr. Fox, arrived from Washington, and came down to the fort under the escort of Captain Hartstene, formerly of the United States Navy. After a confidential interview with Major Anderson, he left immediately for Washington.

With respect to this fort, I have filled all the loophole openings on the first tier with solid stone. All the openings are now closed, with the exception of five near the ends of the gorge, which had been partially filled with a 9-inch brisk wall. I am now completing the filling of these with lead concrete.

I am also building traverses in front of the hospital, which is on the first floor of the quarters, and in front of the ordnance storeroom, to shield them from shells from Fort Moultrie.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

