
*MAP.

in the cross wall to which it is hung. Material is at hand with which to close the outer door permanently. The walls of the stairways leading to the second floor are closed with 1 1/2-inch plank, and openings over the postern are arranged for throwing grenades.

The gorge.-In the second story the thirty-four windows and six magazine ventilators are protected by placing in each two wrought-iron embrasure jams, eight inches thick and three feet six inches long, permitting of musketry fire over them. In the first story the seven doors are closed with a 5-inch wooden shutter, against which, outside, is built a 9-inch brick wall, laid in cement, and outside this a pintle stone, 8 feet by 2 feet 2 inches by 1 foot 3 inches, with pieces of flagging, fastened in with wooden wedges and melted lead; the six magazine ventilators by large stones and lead against the wall and shutter; and fifteen windows are closed by the pintle stone and flagging, fastened with the wedges and lead. In all these openings the filling is placed against the offset at the throat, by which a solid wall, two feet thick and well secured in the rear, has been obtained.

On the esplanade two 8-inch sea-coast howitzers are mounted on caseate carriages only, one each side of the main gate, to sweep the gorge and the approaches to it. The stone, &amp;c., has been removed, leaving only a row along the edge to prevent grenades rolling off. Two fougasses, of 12 feet diameter, charged with 50 pounds of powder, are placed against the foot of the scarp wall, one in the center of each half gorge. Two mines, charged with 25 pounds of powder, are sunk in the wharf 40 feet apart. A wooden fence, 8 feet high, at each end of the esplanade, extends from the scarp to low water. The stones of the enrichment in front of embrasures to be opened are removed. A deep cut in the enrichment on the left flank obstructs communication.

Respectfully submitted.

G. W. SNYDER,

First Lieutenant of Engineers, U. S. Army.

T. SEYMOUR,

Brevet Captain and First Lieutenant, First Artillery.

[Indorsement.]

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 25, 1861.

Report exhibiting the work done at Fort Sumter since its occupation by the present garrison, and its condition at this date. Confidentially communicated for the information of the War Department.

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., March 25, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that everything is quiet around us, and, with the exception of a few men at work on a temporary building adjoining the James Island mortar battery, no work appears to be in progress. I shall finish to-night the solid filling of the last of the

