
A proper proportion of non-commissioned officers will be included in the detachment, which must be fully supplied with arms, ammunition, and subsistence.

First Lieutenant Edward McK. Hudson, Fourth Artillery, First Lieutenant R. O. Tyler, Third Artillery, and Second Lieutenant C. W. Thomas, First Infantry, are assigned to duty with the recruits.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. SCOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and A. D. C., Act. Adjt. General

FORT SUMTER, S. C., April 6, 1861.

General JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have nothing new to communicate this morning connected with the batteries on Morris Island or the other batteries of which I have before written. Nothing appears to be doing except making the necessary repairs to embrasures, parapets, &amp;c.

A mortar battery situated on the shore, a little to the east of Mount Pleasant, commenced practicing yesterday and this morning, throwing the shells very near this fort. It is situated about 13 degrees to the east of north, on a line drawn from the center of this work. This battery, with the one on Sullivan's Island, the two on Morris Island, and the one on James Island, will enable the besiegers to reach every part of this work with their shells. Against these the casemates must prove the principal protection, for, with the exception of the splinter-proof traverses formed of the gun carriages, I have not enough timber or sand bags to form shell-proof shelters on the terre-plein. The revenue cutter (former buoy-tender) lies in the same position. The only supplies received yesterday were some vegetables that came from the city to Fort Johnson two days before. None came from the city. I received yesterday General Orders Nos. 6 and 7. The mail continues to be delivered regularly.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain, Engineers.

FORT SUMTER, S. C., April 6, 1861.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Charleston, S. C.:

DEAR GENERAL: I deem it my duty to call your attention to the fact that some of the shells fired this morning from the mortar battery at Mount Pleasant have exploded so near this work as to render the further firing dangerous to the occupants of this fort, unless the direction of the mortar is changed. I hope, therefore, that, to guard against the possibility of such an event (one, I know, that you would never cease to regret), you will issue such orders as are proper in the case. I think it as well, too, to mention another thing which occurred yesterday and has annoyed us. You know that since January 14, I have, in accordance with a suggestion from and an arrangement made by his excellency Governor Pickens, been sending my mails to and receiving them from Fort Jackson about 12 o'clock daily. Although I did not deem it necessary to do so, I have always had a white flag in the boat. As she is dispatched, however, in accordance with the instructions of the executive, and is (the whole distance) in view of and under protection of

