
boats last night than has been done for some time. Three of them remained, at anchor all night and until after reveille this morning, near the junction of the three channels. You will see by the inclosed letter, just received from Brigadier-General Beauregard that we shall not get any more supplies from the city of Charleston. I hope that they will continue to let us have our mails as long as we remain. I am glad to be enabled to report that there have been no new cases of dysentery, and that the sick-list only embraces six cases to-day.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE PROVISIONAL ARMY, C. S., Charleston, S. C., April 7, 1861.

Major ROBERT ANDERSON,Commanding at Fort Sumter, Charleston Harbor, S. C.:

SIR: In compliance with orders from the Confederate Government at Montgomery, I have the honor to inform you that, in consequence of the delays and apparent vacillations of the United States Government at Washington relative to the evacuation of Fort Sumter, no further communications for the purposes of supply with this city from the fort and with the fort from this city will be permitted from and after this day. The mails, however, will continue to be transmitted as heretofore, until further instructions from the Confederate Government.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, New York, April 8, 1861.

First Lieutenant EDWARD McK. HUDSON,Fourth Artillery, Commanding U. S. troops on the steamer Baltic:

SIR: I am instructed by the General-in-Chief to say to you that the destination of the two hundred recruits embarked on the steamer Baltic is Fort Sumter, and that "Captain G. V. Fox, ex-officer of the Navy, and a gentleman-of high standing, as well as possessed of extraordinary nautical ability, has been charged by high authority in Washington with the command of the expedition, under cover of certain ships of war."

You will accordingly be governed by the instructions of Captain Fox.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. L. SCOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and A. D. C., Act. Adjt. General
HDQRS. PROV. FORCES CONFEDERATE STATES, Charleston, S. C., April 9, 1861.

Major ROBERT ANDERSON,Commanding at Fort Sumter, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: Your favor of this day has just been received, through Captain James.* The private letters you refer to in the mail of yesterday were

---------------

*See Anderson to Thomas, April 10, 1861, p. 249; and for copies of Anderson's and Foster's dispatches of April 8, seized by the Confederate authorities, see Pickens to Walker, April 9, 1861, pp. 292-294.

---------------

