
ments than those they have made, and are making, to thwart the contemplated scheme.

The least dangerous course would be for the officer in charge of the supply vessel, after passing Cummings Point, to run to our wharf and round to, alongside the west face of it. He would thus avoid, whilst unloading, the fire from Fort Moultrie, the batteries at the west end of Sullivan's Island, and of the iron floating battery, only being exposed to the fire of the batteries in this end of Cummings Point and of Fort Johnson, and at low tide the vessels would be protected by the wharf from the fire from Cummings Point. It would be hot work unloading her, but not so bad as at the other place. We nearly finished last night a traverse, designed to protect our right flank barbette guns from the enfilading fire of the guns on the west end of Sullivan's Island, and we shall, God willing, strengthen that one, and complete the traverse to the left of the main entrance. The officers and men, thank God, are in pretty good health; and, although feeling aware of the danger of their position, have greater anxiety about the fate of those whom they expect to come to their succor than they entertain for themselves.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 12, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to your instructions, dated April 6, 1861, I left Washington on the evening of the same day in company with Mr. R. S. Chew, and arrived at Charleston, S. C., on the evening of the 8th instant. Immediately after my arrival I visited Governor Pickens, and, having informed him of the nature of my written instructions, stated that Mr. Chew had requested me to ask his excellency for an interview at his earliest convenience. The governor replied that he would receive Mr. Chew at once, and shortly after I accompanied Mr. Chew to the governor's quarters. Mr. Chew read to the governor, in my presence, a message from the President of the United States, handing him a copy of the same, which was compared by the governor. The governor stated to Mr. Chew that, South Carolina having ratified the constitution of the Confederate States, General Beauregard now had charge of military affairs in the vicinity of Charleston, and that, as General Beauregard was near at hand, he would desire to have him present at the interview. To this Mr. Chew assented, and General Beauregard having been called into the room, the governor read and handed to him the copy of the message which he had just received.

In compliance with your verbal instructions, I asked Governor Pickens if I would be permitted to proceed to Fort Sumter for the purpose of remaining on duty at that post. The governor referred me to General Beauregard for an answer, by whom the request was peremptorily refused. I then asked if I would be permitted to hold communication with Major Anderson at Fort Sumter, with the distinct understanding that after such interview I should immediately return to Charleston. This was also refused, General Beauregard remarking that no communication whatever would be permitted with Major Anderson, except to convey an order for the evacuation of the fort, such being the instructions received from Montgomery.

