
ministration, and becomes, therefore, as to him, an act of present hostility. Mr. Buchanan cannot resist, because he has not the power. Mr. Lincoln may not attack, because the cause of the quarrel will have been, or may be, considered by him as past.

Upon this line of policy I have acted, and upon the adherence to it may be found, I think, the most rational expectation of seeing that fort, which is even now a source of danger to the State, restored to the possession of the State without those consequences which I should most deeply deplore. Should such consequences, nevertheless, follow from an adherence to this policy, however much I would regret the occurrence, I should feel a perfect assurance that, in happening under such circumstances, they demonstrated conclusively that, under the evil passions which blind and mislead those who govern the United States, no human power could have averted the attempted overthrow of these States; and that, in the exhibition of an ability by the States of the new confederation to maintain their rights, there could be found satisfaction in the reflection that their sufferings at this time might purchase for them quiet and happiness in time to come.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

F. W. PICKENS,

Governor of South Carolina.

[FEBRUARY 18 (?), 1861.]

Governor PICKENS, Charleston, S. C.:

Kingman, known as "Ion," who corresponds with the Baltimore Sun, and is considered reliable, in his letter of yesterday, says he has seen and read a letter from a former member of Congress from South Carolina, which assures him that Fort Sumter will be taken on or before the 4th of March, "without reference to what the Montgomery government may advise or order on the subject."

This startles the President. Will you quiet him by your reply?

The State commissioners will adjourn during the week. No result yet.

JOHN TYLER.

WASHINGTON, February 20, 1861.

His Excellency F. W. PICKENS:

Attempt to re-enforce Anderson by stealth at night in small boats determined on.

Answer if received.

LOUIS T. WIGFALL.

FEBRUARY 21, 1861 - 1/2 to 7 p. m.

Governor PICKENS, Charleston, S. C.:

The statement I gave you came directly from Chase.

I have not received your telegram as to what was reported by members of Congress.

J. TYLER.

17 R R

