
I had the honor to send a communication, concerning the state of this command, last evening to Major Evans, adjutant-general, to which I beg now to refer.

To day, for lack of laborers, the men have been employed on the defenses, and I beg to say that the more drilling and the less of labor they do for some time to come the more efficient they will probably be.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, March 6, 1861.

President DAVIS, Montgomery:

MY DEAR SIR: I inclose you, according to promise, a statement showing the strength of the volunteer division of South Carolina. Some of the regiments are commanded by highly accomplished graduates of our military academies, and some by officers of the Palmetto Regiment. It is altogether a superb body of troops, and I think will give a good account of themselves by their acts.

Under the skillful conduct of General Beauregard the works here are likely to be put promptly in the best possible condition to prevent re-enforcements. The danger to be feared is that light-draught vessels, bargers, or boats in the night may be sent in through the two middle channels, known as the Overall and North Channels; but you doubtless get fuller information than I can give you on these points.

Mr. Miles has doubtless apprised you of my readiness to enter the service of the confederation in the capacity you indicated. I say to you, however, frankly, that I should like to see my brigadiers in the field with their commands, or so many as may be needed, and be there myself with my present rank. If raising General Beauregard's rank a grade does not embarrass you, I would cheerfully report to him. The exhibition of skill, promptness, and energy by General Beauregard is highly gratifying to the authorities here.

I am, very sincerely and truly, yours,

M. L. BONHAM.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,March 6, 1861.

M. L. BONHAM,

Major-General, Commanding Volunteers Forces of S. C.:

GENERAL: The number of companies organized and received under the act of general assembly of 17th December, 1860, is one hundred and four - in the aggregate amounting to 8,835, rank and file, constituting ten regiments of ten companies each. The force is divided into four brigades, constituting one division.

Respectfully,

S. R. GIST,

Adjutant and Inspector General of South Carolina.

