HDQRS. ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,Charleston, S. C., March 6, 1861.

Captain FRANCIS D. LEE, Corps of Engineers:

CAPTAIN: Your communications of the 5th and 6th instants* have been received at these headquarters, and I am instructed by the general commanding, in acknowledging their receipt and thanking you for them, to say that the first is now under consideration, and that the last is approved, and you are hereby authorized to carry into execution what you therein propose. The general had determined last night on a similar project. The order for the guns to which you refer, and which are to be placed as designated yesterday, has already been issued.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Captain Infantry, and Aide-de-Camp.

CHARLESTON, S. C., March 6, 1861.

Brigadier General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Charleston and vicinity:

GENERAL: I would respectfully call your attention to the following points in connection with the Ordnance Department in this vicinity:

I find no props under the center rail of the chassis, or elsewhere. Unless these props are supplied the guns are liable at any moment to dismount themselves. The chassis of the carriages at the iron battery at Cummings Point have not sufficient inclination, and unless the guns are secured by rope or other tackle they will probably soon dismount themselves. I have ordered all the necessary barbette carriages to be made, and as soon as possible spare parts of all kinds should be made, especially for the old carriages. I find only mortar shell at Fort Morris, and those I examined at the iron battery were case-shot - not even mortar shell. There is a scarcity of proper fuse-plugs and fuses. The small number of fuses at Fort Moultrie is being multiplied by cutting them in parts. I fear this may not only defeat the object intended but render the fuses of very little use at all. The magazine at Fort Morris, if possible, should be overhauled and rearranged. Hot-shot furnaces, or even stoves, should be supplied at Morris Island batteries.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Captain of Ordnance, S. C. Army.
HDQRS. OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,Charleston, S. C., March 6, 1861.

GENERAL ORDERS,

Numbers 1.

I. By virtue of authority from the War Department, Confederate States of America, bearing date Montgomery, March 1, 1861, and of authority of the Department of War, State of South Carolina, bearing date March 3, 1861, the undersigned assumes command of all the troops - Regulars, Volunteers, and Militia - on duty in and near Charleston Harbor.

II. The following appointments are announced on the staff of the briga-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

