
immediately (under the charge of Colonel Lamar, who has command of the working parties), be put to work constructing those channel batteries he ordered Major Whiting to mark out, so as to have them completed as soon as practicable. Should Captain Lee, the local engineer, who has received instructions from Major Whiting, require assistant engineers, you will transfer to him one or two from Major Trapier, should the latter be able to spare them.

Very respectfully,

S. W. F.

FORT PALMETTO, STONO INLET, S. C.,

March 7, 1861.

Brigadier-General DUNOVANT:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that in the firing at this post yesterday, the 18-pounder guns, which are the largest at this post, were found entirely insufficient to command the Stono Channel of this entrance. At an elevation of five degrees the balls failed to reach the Stono Channel. I take occasion, therefore, again to call this matter to your attention, and to request that two 32-pounders, or, at all events, two 24-pounders, be ordered to this post. In a conversation with Colonel Manigault, of the board of ordnance, on Friday last, March 1, I was led to believe that two 24-pounders would be sent to this post in a few days; but they have not yet been received. Except our field guns, we have here but two 18-pounders.

In the present uncertain aspect of affairs, when any point seems subject to assault, I would suggest, for your consideration, the remoteness of the troops here from effective assistance, and the smallness of the force under my command. If the fortification had been brought to a comparative state of completion, we could hold it against large odds. The planters of John's Island, who volunteered to complete it, as I was informed, left it not half finished, and the troops have bestowed much labor upon it, to bring it to a defensible condition. I therefore again call your attention to the smallness of the force here (considering the unfinished state of the fortification), to the difficulty of timely succor, and to the impracticability of a retreat, surrounded, as we are, by rivers, and without transports being furnished us, if retreat should become necessary.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

J. J. POPE, JR.,

Commander of the Post.
HEADQUARTERS REGIMENT OF RIFLES,Sullivan's Island, S. C., March 7, 1861.

Honorable D. F. JAMISON, Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with the order of yesterday, I left a detachment of forty-seven men, of the Regiment of Rifles, at Secessionville, to keep open communication with Morris Island. I would respectfully request that they be ordered to join the regiment again. They will be of little or no service for this purpose. Five ordinary employes of the quartermaster's department would answer the end quite as well. Furthermore, Secessionville is not the proper point for the mere purpose of communication. The point should be Clark's Landing, and the route form Dill's Landing direct, thus avoiding a long detour. There is yet another

