
On Sullivan's Island the only report I have is that the batteries are progressing, with an increased force of two laborers on the enfilade battery. Quarters are in progress of erection for the laborers and mechanics who are to be employed on the battery on Battery Island.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER GWYNN,

Major of Engineers.

WASHINGTON, March 21, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Large number of men in Baltimore. Cannot be kept together there much longer. Nothing heard of or from Haskell. What shall I do? Answer immediately.

LOUIS T. WIGFALL.

MONTGOMERY, March 21, 1861.

Honorable L. T. WIGFALL, Washington:

Officer leaves to-night with letter for you and full instructions. Did not know until half your ago that Haskell had not gone. If men can't wait ship them at once, and write Beauregard the vessel they are in, so that he may be ready to enlist on arrival.

L. P. WALKER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, March 21, 1861.

Honorable L. T. WIGFALL, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have just received your letter of the 17th instant. Orders were given to General Beauregard, at Charleston, to detail an officer for the special service at Baltimore, and I am only just informed that the officer appointed is still in Charleston. A person will be sent from this place to-night to perform that duty, with instructions to report to you if in Baltimore, and in your absence to William T. Walters, 68 Exchange Place, Baltimore. It will be much cheaper to ship the men as steerage passengers than by rail, and he will be so instructed unless you have special reasons for a contrary course.

Although it would be most agreeable to all of us to have you here, it occurs to me that you could render more efficient service by remaining in Baltimore until our recruiting depot is fully and successfully established as an institution. Captain Pender, the officer to be sent from here to inspect and superintend the shipment of the men, is directed to place himself under your orders, and will remain in Baltimore for some weeks. Such money as he may require within the scope of his business you will arrange for him to have.

I regret to say that I have no authority to receive the Washington company in the manner proposed. I have no other idea than war, and we hope soon to be ready for any emergency.

Very truly,

L. P. WALKER.

