
inch shells to Mount Pleasant mortar battery. The balance of 10-inch shells to be equally divided between Morris Island and Fort Johnson.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. FERGUSON,

Captain, and Aide-de-camp.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

State of South Carolina, March 25, 1861.

[General BEAUREGARD?]:

MY DEAR SIR: I sent Lamon to Major Anderson, and all right. Will see you as soon as I can. I told him we would agree to evacuation upon any honorable and reasonable terms, but would not suffer any war vessel to come up to the fort, and everything must be conducted respectably, and in no arrogant or wanton manner towards us. He says Spencer will come out in a few days, certain.

Truly,

F. W. PICKENS.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,Charleston, S. C., March 25, 1861.

Brigadier General S. COOPER, Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two letters dated, respectively, the 20th and 21st instants, the former extending the limits of my command, &amp; c.; the latter in relation to the recruiting service in Baltimore; also, a telegram from the Secretary of War in relation to the recruits. The instructions contained therein will be complied with. I will not leave this city until after the evacuation of Fort Sumter. Sixty-four recruits arrived here from Baltimore, under the charge of Mr. R. E. Haslett, on Saturday, the 23rd instant, and were sent to Castle Pinckney. They will be enlisted to-day. Captain Childs and Lieutenants O'Brien and Robertson have been assigned to duty with them. The quartermaster-general of the State of South Carolina has kindly offered to furnish them with the necessary rations, clothing, & c., to be settled for hereafter. It would, perhaps, be economical to prescribe the uniform for the Regular Army as early as practicable. Mr. Haslett informs me that a bounty was promised these men, but does not know the amount - thinks about $ 25 or $ 30. I have, therefore, to request that you notify me what amount will be paid, and under what regulations, that I may cause the same to be noted on their muster and pay rolls. I am just informed that Lamon, special messenger from Washington, has arrived, and is now conferring with the governor.

I am sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA,March 26, 1861.

[General BEAUREGARD:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have read the inclosed, and think it is very appropriate; and if he is not entirely satisfied, you can do no more. If

