
Lamon was authorized to arrange matters, Anderson ought now to say so, in reply to yours; and if he does not, I shall begin to doubt everything.*

Very truly, with great regard,

F. W. PICKENS.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,Charleston, S. C., March 26, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: The Department letter of the 21st has been received, and I inclose you herewith the copy of the letter I have thought proper to address to Major Robert Anderson, with whom I am personally well acquainted.+ His answer will be communicated to the Department as soon as received, and I have no doubt it will be satisfactory. Mr. Lamon left here last night, saying that Major Anderson and command would soon be withdrawn from Fort Sumter in a satisfactory manner. I am, however, progressing with my offensive and defensive batteries, which will all be finished and armed to-morrow night or the day after. I find great difficulty, for want of an ordnance officer, in properly organizing the armament, &amp; c., of said batteries. I have this day had assigned to me for that duty Lieutenant Rutledge, South Carolina Navy, who I hope will be of assistance to me in that department.

As already telegraphed, Captain W. H. Stevens, of the Engineers, is not at present required here. He might be usefully employed at Savannah if not wanted elsewhere, or I may soon have need of him for the defenses of the sea coast of South Carolina, which I may have to order hereafter.

Four of the Drummond lights ordered for this harbor have this day arrived, with the required instructions, a copy of which is herewith inclosed. No operator could be sent with them. I have procured the welcome and generous services of Professor Gibbes, of Charleston College, for the purpose of instructing a proper person here in their use. I have no doubt that Professor Riddle, of New Orleans, postmaster, would be happy to give his assistance in a like manner for the six sent there, two of which might be sent to Pensacola or some other harbor. With four here we shall have enough now.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,Charleston, S. C., March 27, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you herewith copies of Major Robert Anderson's answer to my letter of the 26th instant, and of my reply to him.# It will be seen that he distinctly and positively refuses to give the pledge asked of him. But I consider his answer equivalent to any

---------------

* Seems to refer to letter from General Beauregard forwarded by Major Anderson to Adjutant-General U. S. Army, March 27, p. 222.

+ See inclosure Numbers 1 to Major Anderson's letter of March 27, p. 222.

# See inclosures 2 and 3, Anderson to Thomas, March 27, pp. 222, 223.

---------------

