
pledge that might be required of him, for he is, in my opinion, a most gallant officer, incapable of any act that might tarnish his reputation as a soldier; and, should he ask for any assistance of Governor Pickens or myself for the removal of his command from this harbor, it will be a sufficient guarantee that Fort Sumter will be left in its present condition. At any rate, when he makes the said application, an officer will be appointed by me to verify the fact and make proper arrangements with him.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - You will notice that I preferred writing to him unofficially, so as to obtain his views first.

B.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,Charleston, S. C., March 27, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose you herewith a copy of the letter from Major Robert Anderson in answer to mine of yesterday, a copy of which has already been sent to the Department. It will be seen by Major Anderson's answer, if there be any truth in man, that nothing like a doubtful course can be feared from him on the evacuation of Fort Sumter, which ought now to be decided upon in a few days, for this state of uncertainty ought not to last longer than is necessary to have all our preparations made to compel him to a surrender, should the United States Government not be willing to withdraw him peaceably.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, A. AND I. G. O.,

Montgomery, March 29, 1861.

Brigadier General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &amp; c., Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you will allow no further communications between the Government of the United States and Fort Sumter, unless the written instructions of the intermediary are first submitted to your inspection, with satisfactory assurances that there are no verbal instructions inconsistent with those which are written.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 1, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Montgomery, Ala.:

The following telegram just received from Commissioner Crawford:

I am authorized to say that this Government will not undertake to supply Sumter without notice to you. My opinion is that the President has not the courage to exe-

