
cute the order agreed upon in Cabinet for the evacuation of the fort, but that he intends to shift the responsibility upon Major Anderson, by suffering him to be starved out. Would it not be well to aid in this by cutting off all supplies?

CRAWFORD.

Batteries here ready to open Wednesday or Thursday. What instructions?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, A. AND I. G. O.,

Montgomery, April 1, 1861.

Brigadier General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &amp; c., Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: Captain W. D. Pender, who is engaged on special service in Baltimore, has been directed to acquaint you with the amount of bounty which was promised to the recruits from that city, referred to in your communication of the 25th ultimo, in order that you may cause it to be noted on the muster-rolls, under the head of recruiting expenses. Captain Pender will also notify you of the condition under which the recruits will engage to serve. Such of the sixty-two men already examined and found to be physically disqualified should be sent back to Baltimore. The others may be retained if they are capable of being made good soldiers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

WASHINGTON, April 2, 1861.

Honorable ROBERT TOOMBS, Montgomery, Ala.:

The war wing presses on the President; he vibrates to that side. He has conferred with several officers, and naval engineer, supposed to be in regard to Sumter; perhaps to collecting revenue at New Orleans.

Commodore Pendergrast is not at Key West but at Norfolk; could not therefore land troops. Senator Dixon conversed fully with Chase on Saturday; found him much moderated and strongly inclined to peace policy.

Their form of notice to us may be that of the coward, who gives it when he strikes. Watch at all points. It is said the Pawnee sailed from this place this evening with three companies of artillery.

MARTIN J. CRAWFORD.

A. B. ROMAN.

CHARLESTON, April 2, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Captain Foster asks permission to send his mechanics and laborers from Sumter. Shall it be allowed? I am inclined to object.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

