HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,Charleston, S. C., April 9, 1861.

Honorable D. F. JAMISON,

President of the Convention, State of South Carolina:

SIR: I had the honor this morning of receiving, through a committee of your State Convention, its resolutions, expressing confidence in my professional skill, courage, and sound judgment, and in the efficient co-operation of the several members of my staff and other assistants, military and naval, and tendering to the individuals designated, and to the various forces in the service, the thanks of the State for their successful efforts thus far in protecting the honor and interests of the State.*

Allow me, sir, through you, to thank the honorable body over which you preside for this evidence of their kindness to myself and assistants, and to the forces under my orders. I feel highly gratified that in so short a time it has been my good fortune to merit your approbation in the discharge of my official duties, and it is a source of pride for me to state that I feel much indebted for the expression of your resolutions to the active and willing co-operation of every one under my command. Never have I seen a more universal exhibition of determination and self-denial on the part of individuals for the promotion of any cause than that of the forces under my command, for the accomplishment of the great object we have in view. Encouraged by the great trust reposed in them, I can confidently express the hope that all under my command will continue to merit your approbation. It will be my pleasure to communicate to the troops and others under my orders the substance of your flattering resolutions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,Charleston, S. C. April 9, 1861.

Colonel M. GREGG, Commanding, Morris Island, S. C.:

SIR: I have ordered two 12-pounders and a battery of 6-pounders to be sent to you this day, to be used in the defense of Vinegar Hill and Light-house Hills, and in preventing a landing on the low ground between them. Have them put in position forthwith, and look out for to-night or to-morrow morning. Caution Colonel De Saussure about not throwing away the shot of his batteries. Be careful that the sand does not fill up the holes of the nipples of your muskets and Enfield rifles.

Your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. PROV. FORCES CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA,Charleston, S. C., April 9, 1861.

Captain G. S. JAMES, Commanding Fort Johnson, S. C.

CAPTAIN: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you send to-night to Legare's Landing, on Schooner Creek, twenty, or, if practi-

---------------

* See Beauregard to Walker, April 10, p. 298.

---------------

