HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES,Charleston, S. C., April 10, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit copies of a set of complimentary resolutions, and of a resolution placing all the forces that may be called into service in this State under my orders, passed by the Convention of the State of South Carolina.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I am doing all in my power to prevent re-enforcements by barges to Sumter to-night or to-morrow night.

G. T. B.

[Inclosures.]

Resolved, That this Convention approves of the action of the governor, in placing the forces for the military defense of Charleston under the command of General Beauregard, and that he be authorized to call into the field immediately such number of the volunteer regiments, raised under the act of assembly, as General Beauregard may require for the operations under his control; the whole force to be placed under the command of General Beauregard, or such other general officer as may be ordered to the same command by the authorities of the Confederate States of America.

[Adopted Monday, April 8, 1861.]

Resolved, That this Convention, on behalf of the people of this State, repose entire confidence in the eminent professional skill, courage, and sound judgment of Brigadier General P. G. T. Beauregard, and in the intelligent and efficient co-operation of the various members of his staff, and other assistants, military and naval, and respectfully tender to them, and to the various forces in the service, and individuals designated, the thanks of the State for their successful efforts thus far, to protect the honor and interests of the State.

Resolved, That it Fort Sumter shall fall into the hands of our present Government, and the harbor of Charleston should be relieved from all hostile occupation or obstruction, although without any actual conflict of arms, such result will be not the less achieved by our forces aforesaid, and their wise and effective operations.

Resolved, That the foregoing resolutions be communicated to General Beauregard, with a request that he extend them to the various regiments, battalions, and separate companies, and to his staff and assistants, in such form and manner as he shall judge expedient.

[Adopted Monday, April 8, 1861.]

MORRIS ISLAND, S. C., April 10, 1861.

Brigadier-General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, Headquarters Provisional Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: There are two 4-pounder pieces here, with their limbers. There is a caisson in the city. There is also ammunition. These guns are very light, and belong to the Citadel Cadets, who are, I believe, instructed in their use. Put horses to it, and it will make

