
a most excellent addition to our force against a landing. I regard this as very important, and the sooner it is carried out the better.

I learned this morning, with surprise, that the Dahlgren had been dismounted at Sullivan's Island, my countermand of your orders not having been forwarded, as it seems. In this case it must either be sent over here or at once remounted in its former position; the latter is, of course, the quickest. I think Stevens' iron battery and the two 42s a sufficient fire on the gorge. I send this up by Captain Jones, who returns immediately.

Very respectfully,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major, Engineers.

STEAMER GORDON,

Off Sumter, S. C., April 10, 1861.

General BEAUREGARD:

DEAR GENERAL: I have had under my charge during the night, in addition to my three steamers, the Charleston. The Seabrook came down about 8 o'clock and received orders, but I knew nothing of her during the night. She did not obey my orders. This morning I saw her anchored away to the southward. The Catawba has been all night in the offing. It is my opinion that Sumter can be relieved, by boats from vessels outside of the bars, on any night as dark as the last, or, if we have to take it, you had better be making a beginning. If a vessel of war is placed off each bar, when Sumter opens I will lose all my steamers, as there will be no escape for me. Therefore, before firing, these steamers should be called in. If the steamers are to guard the entrances, please send them down before dark, that they may be positioned. Yesterday I looked into Bull's Bay, at Stono, and saw nothing.

Excuse my bad writing, my hands are so cold, and my light is so bad that I can scarcely see. I have ordered the Charleston up.

Respectfully,

H. J. HARTSTENE.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES,Charleston, S. C., April 10, 1861.

Major W. H. C. WHITING, Engineers, Morris Island, S. C.:

DEAR MAJOR: Your note of this day from the wharf has just been handed to me. I have just ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Ripley to put that Dahlgren gun in position between the wharf and extreme westerly point of Sullivan's Island, to fire on the landing of the westerly face of Sumter and its postern. I have ordered those two additional 24-pounders to be sent forthwith to Cummings Point. Do the best with them, and caution Colonels Gregg and De Saussure to be on the lookout to-night. To-morrow morning's sun must see us victorious.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

