
CHARLESTON, April 11, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Ought not demand of Sumter be made also by Commissioners at Washington for its evacuation?

G. T. BEUAREGARD.

MONTGOMERY, April 11, 1861.

General BEUAREGARD,

Charleston:

Numbers Yours is the only demand to be made.

L. P. WALKER.

CHARLESTON, April 11, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Demand sent at 2. Allowed until 6 to answer.

G. T. BEUAREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS MORRIS ISLAND, S. C., April 11, 1861.

Brigadier-General BEAUREGARD,Commanding:

MY DEAR GENERAL: It is absolutely necessary that some assistance be sent here, in the Adjutant-General's Department-I mean of the kind that will be useful. I am expected to be engineer and everything else. The regimental organization (mixed up of infantry and riflemen, without bayonets) cannot be preserved. Cannot you take charge, or at least come here and see the state of affairs? We must have a clerk experienced. Must have an order book, stationery, &amp;c. Transportation is wanted. Horses are required for officers, staff, and orderlies (at least,half a dozen), especially if you come down.

Colonel Gregg has 1,100 men; Colonel Cunningham, 418; Colonel Kershaw, between 300 and 500-in all, 2,000, exclusive of artillery. Orders have been issued for all the batteries to be in readiness, but with the exception of Colonel Gregg's I find great confusion in the new re-enforcements.

Very truly, yours,

W. H. C. WHITTING.

MORRIS ISLAND, S. C., April 11, 1861-4 p. m.

[General BEUAREGARD:]

GENERAL: We are ready, perhaps, to open fire, but we are not ready to supporting it. For God's sake have this post inspected by yourself, or some one else competent, before open fire. I am alone here, as you know, and heretofore have been exclusively occupied with the construction of batteries. De Saussure complains that he has not men enough to work his guns for any length of time, and Kershaw's force is "helter-skelters," having just arrived. Conningham's is but little better. Both are badly supplied with cartridges. A full and efficient staff in needed. There are no regulars here at all. I can say but little now. The general agrees with me in begging you to examine this position.

W. H. C. WHITTING.

