HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES, Charleston, S. C., April 11, 1861.

Major W. H. C. WHITING,Assistant Adjutant-General, Morris Island, S. C.:

MAJOR: Your letter and note of this day are just received. Things always appear worst at first sight when not perfect. We cannot delay now. I think you will have all day to-morrow to organize. I am, however, surprised that Lieutenant-Colonel De Saussure should not have men enough, when ten days ago I told him to call for any number he might require. General Simons must supply that deficiency; but I am of the opinion that two thousand Americans ought to beat, on favorable ground, twice that number of troops landing. Remember New Orleans. Moreover, to-morrow you will have another regiment. I send you Captains Winder and Allston, and two of the best men as clerks from Winder's company. Call on Colonel Cunningham for one or more men from his regiment as clerks. Major Trapier has been ordered as chief engineer on Morris Island, to relieve you of that duty. Colonel Gregg has more ammunition than you can all require.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-My duties are so important here I cannot leave at present, but will be with you when the fighting commences.

G. T. B.
HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, April 11, 1861.

General BEUAREGARD:

DEAR GENERAL: I inclose the within that you may see what General Bonham offers. His command is confined to the volunteer regiments, ordered into service under a bill to raise ten thousand volunteers in reserve. Three of his regiments are ordered here now. One difficulty I apprehend in his command is that General Dunovant will object, perhaps, to his command over him; but this is nothing, if you desire Bonham to command the whole as major-general. Yet, under the resolutations of the Confection, reporting to you for orders as command of all, confirmed by myself, I will order him to report to you, with all his staff, and make a special order for him. Perhaps he might be of great service in bringing all into one command for you, and I know he would fight like ear true soldier. Besides, he has knowledge, derived from actual service in Mexico, and stands high in the State. But, general, you must candidly say if it is suitable to you, for at this critical juncture I desire to do nothing but what is agreeable to you.

With great esteem, yours, truly,F. W. PICKENS.

[Inclosure.]

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 11, 1861.

Governor PICKENS:

SIR: Three regiments of the division of the South Carolina Volunteers, of which you have been pleased to appoint me major-general, have been ordered into the field. I have the honor, therefore, respectfully, to ask the command of those troops, together with such as may

