
laborers here, the main fortifications could be made much stronger against assault. The work is of such a character that it can only be done by those who are accustomed to this sort of labor.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

J. J. POPE, JR.,

Captain of Light Artillery, Commander of the Post.

CHARLESTON HOTEL, Charleston, S. C., April 12, 1861.

Brigadier-General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Provisional Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: You were pleased to say, in your letter of yesterday, to Governor Pickens, in reference to my tender of services: "So soon as a sufficient force shall have been collected on Morris Island or elsewhere to form two brigades thereat, I shall be most happy to accept his [my] proffered services." There being now on Morris Island the two regiments belonging to General Simons' brigade, Colonel Gregg's regiment of volunteers, and Colonel Kershaw's regiment, also the whole or a part of Colonel Hagood's regiment (both of my division), making as large or larger number of my division proper than of General Simons' command proper, I submit that the state of things contemplated in your letter has arisen, and respectfully ask to be assigned immediately to that command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. BONHAM,

Major-General Division, South Carolina Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA, April 12, 1861.

DEAR GENERAL: The display at Light-house Inlet, perhaps, is a feint, and if so, they intend to re-enforce, as you say, through Bull's Bay and Sullivan's Island Inlet; but I think there is danger at Stono, and of coming up in the rear of the city by the Long Bringe. The regiment, stationed at the race-course, is in good position, but they ought to have pickets out, so as to be in hearing of Stono, so as to report immediately to the colonel of the regiment if any attack is made. If they come through Sullivan's Island Inlet or Creek, then Castle Pinckney might play her guns as they turn around to Sumter.

Respectfully,F. W. PICKENS.
HEADQUARTERS, April 12, 18611.

DEAR GENERAL: Plan of battle just determined on at Gregg's quarters. Whiting, Huger, Gregg, Trapier, and Simons all agree that we greatly need infantry, ot defend the batteries from assault. Four large steamers are plainly in view, and standing off the bar all day some of the batteries will be taken, unless supported. Have made the best distribution of the troops we have, but need every man you can send. Should you not be here personally to direct? Such is the general opinion. I send this by order of Simons, who is at Gregg's, and left me here to write, and send without delay.

Very respectfully,

LOUIS T. WIGFALL.

P. S.-We have no glass here, and have to rely entirely upon the eye to examine steamers. Four plainly in sight, and another vessel out a short distance. Fight expected to-night.

