HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES, Charleston, S. C., April 12, 1861.

Lieutenant-Colonel DE SAUSSURE,Morris Island, S. C.:

SIR: In order to economize our mortar ammunition, I desire that at or after 12 m. this day you should double the interval between the firing of the shells; that is, four minutes instead of two during the day, and twenty minutes instead of ten during the night. The action of your mortar batteries in that respect will guide the others elsewhere. Be careful, also, not to fire too fast at your other batteries, and to call in time for additional ammunition when required.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES, Charleston, S. C., April 12, 1861.

Major W. H. C. WHITTING,Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Morris Island, S. C.:

MAJOR: Your note is received. Firing, I hope, will soon be better. To save ammunition of mortars, the time between each shell thrown should be doubled by day and by night-that is, four minutes instead of two for the first, and twenty minutes instead of ten for the last. I have written to Colonel De Saussure to that effect. This change should take place after 12 m. this day. The batteries elsewhere will follow those of Cummings Point. Great care should be taken at the other batteries (gun) not to fire too fast or uselessly, and timely calls for ammunition should be made. I have requested Colonel Wigfall to lend his assistance to General Simons as a volunteer aid. Be careful to strengthen the force protecting the batteries on south end of Morris Island, for if a landing is made it will be done there, probably. How would it do to send General Bonham to command from about the light-house down to Light-house Inlet? I am trying to dispatch to that locality as many new arrivals as possible. They will do very well for those hills.

Yours, truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, April 13, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

Officers' quarters in Sumter burning. Part of roof supposed to have fallen in. Sumter firing as long intervals. Our regular and effective. Six vessels outside in signals with Sumter.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, April 13, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Anderson has hauled down the United States flag on Sumter and run up white flag. Fort has been burning for several hours from effect of

