
shells. Two explosions have been produced by shells. He has ceased firing some time, and fire of all the batteries has been continuous till now-3 o'clock. Aides have been sent by Beauregard to Sumter.

R. B. RHETT, JR.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 13, 1861-2 p. m.

President JEFF. DAVIS,

Montgomery, Ala.:

Quarters in Sumter all burned down. White flag up. Have sent a boat to receive surrender. But half an hour before had sent a boat to stop our firing and offer assistance.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 13, 1861.

Gov. F. W. PICKENS,

President:

DEAR GOVERNOR: I have sent Major Jones, Captain Hartstene, and Colonels Miles and Pryor to Major Anderson to tell him that I offer him to same terms that I did on the 11th, and that a vessel or steamer would be sent to him in the morning to take him to the steamer outside, and that he must be responsible in the mean time for the fort; otherwise, I would put four companies of artillery in there to-night. I also told Captain Hartstene to go out to the fleet and tell them that the fort was now ours, but under the safe-keeping of Major Anderson, and that no attack could be made upon it by them.

In the morning I will order two of Colonel Ripley's companies and two of De Saussure's to take possession of Fort Sumter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, April 13, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WLAKER:

Fort Sumter has unconditionally surrendered to the Confederate States, represented by General Beauregard, Colonel Wigfall, his aide, receiving the surrender. The same terms just offered will be granted. Engines are about to go down to put out the fire. Fight expected on Morris Island to-night.

R. B. RHETT, JR.

CHARLESTON, April 113, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Anderson surrenders to the Confederate Government unconditionally, but I have granted him the same terms as on the 11th instant: "All proper facilities will be afforded for removal of yourself and command, together with company arms and property and all private property, to any post in the United States you may elect."

G. T. BEUAREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS MORRIS ISLAND, S. C., April 13, 1861-6 p. m.

General BEAUREGARD,Commanding.

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Simons directs me to say that a boat from the fleet, bearing a white flag, and commanded by a lieutenant of

