
P. S.-One of the rear transoms of Captain Hallonquist's morass, being made of pine, is split. I shall endeavor to have it repaired. The merlons stand very well, except the vertical palmetto longs, which collapse under our own fire. One 42-pounder shot entered the embrasure, but, being stuffed with a cotton bale, had no further effect than to take a splinter off a carriage. The new 8-inch columbiad carriages will not stand much.

Very respectfully,

R. S. RIPLEY.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 13, 1861.

Brigadier General JAMES SIMONS,

Morris Island, S. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: The accumulation of troops on Morris Island requires that another general officer should be sent to the southern end of that island. General Bonham has consented to go there in command, until we can divide the forces into two brigades, when he will assume command of the whole as major-general, to act under my orders. In the mean time, should circumstances bring your commands together, he will necessarily assume the command; otherwise to attend only to his half (about) of the island, and you to yours, but to mutually assist and support each other, in case of need, and in the defense of our country and sacred cause.

Major Whiting will remain acting inspector-general of the whole island. He will communicate (as well as yourself) all the information in his possession to General Bonham. I will endeavor to be with you as soon as practicable, or whenever required.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. PROV. ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA, Charleston, S. C., April 13, 1861.

Brigadier General R. G. M. DUNOVANT,Commanding Sullivan's Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: Major Anderson will evacuate Fort Sumter to-morrow morning, when he will be sent to one of the United States vessels outside of the harbor. He will be allowed the privilege of saluting his flag on lowering it.

You will please direct that the ranking officers of Engineers and Artillery on the island accompany the detachment of one company already ordered out, as part of a garrison to Fort Sumter, who will make a report of the exact present condition of the fort and of its defenses.

You will also direct Captain George S. James to hold his company at Fort Johnson in readiness to move for the same purpose, as soon as orders to this effect are extended to him.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

