
with the supervision of the works on Morris Island, I have no hesitation in saying that I consider Captain Lee entitled to the credit of the engineering work done here, with his assistants. To it he has devoted his time and personal interests. Captain Lee naturally feels aggrieved at having been superseded on the eve of action, on the occasion of my being relieved from engineering duty (although, undoubtedly, that was due to the supposed state of his health). Captain Lee does not desire to make the report called for in your order, but claims to be sent to Sumter. I indorse this claim, and most respectfully and earnestly request that you will return an order sending Captain Lee, for the present, to Sumter, on duty with the garrison. It is certainly due to his untiring devotion, he not being absent from his post for three months, and it is the reward which he has asked for.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

P. S.-I understand perfectly that you want a specialist. The major has no feeling about the matter, and will make his report. Please to grant this.

W. H. C. W.

CHARLESTON, April 14, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Fleet still outside. Can spare no guns yet, but hope to do so soon.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

SOUTH END BATTERY, Morris Island, S. C., April 15, 1861.

Brigadier-General BEAUREGARD,

Commander-in-Chief, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: These vessels of the enemy, which are causing us some anxiety, and, at any rate, treating us with great disrespect, I would like to have the pleasure of driving off from our port; and, if we cannot succeed in that, at least make them keep at a respectable distance. I volunteer for the service. If you will allow me to put the rifled cannon on board the Lady Davis, under my command, I can go out, and, at long range, try the effect of the shot on them. I think in this way I may be able to annoy, if not drive them off. Should this plan meet your views, I would be glad to try and carry it into execution.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. HUGER,

Lieutenant C. S. Navy, Commandant of Batteries.

MORRIS ISLAND, S. C., April 15, 1861.

General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Provisional Forces, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Having posted the troops on the island, with such general directions in case of action as I am able to give, I must call your attention to the danger which they may suffer should be enemy cover the main line, and keeping out of the close fire of the Dahlgren battery, string along the beach to shell the troops. I propose to take two of the

