
mortars from Stevens' battery and place them behind Gadbuy's during the night, and one just below the Dahlgren. Sturgis will never venture under vertical fire. The enemy will know nothing of the move. No epaulement is necessary, nature having provided that. The weak point of the island is the low flat between Winegar Hill and Gadbuy's, affording, as it does, no cover to the troops, and a point of attack by which the enemy might endeavor to separate or cut in two our line. I have issued the orders for this move, but will hold their execution for your approval. I would like also to have the Dahlgren (used by Hamilton Huger). These movements should be commenced, if decided upon, at once. We require, also, more artillerymen. The Palmetto Guards should return to the island to man their mordants. Perhaps some could be spared form Pleasant and Johnson. I would respectfully indorse the remounting of a few 24s (now in the city) on Pinckney,and mortar to be sent there. The channel defenses must be immediately increased by more columbiads; three from the iron battery, two 42s from the Point, and five 42s form Sumter (lying on the parade). The three 8-inch columbiads, half buried, to be used as mortars in Sumter, can be made available, if quickly done; the 10-inch on a mortar carriage also. The serviceable battery of Sumter should be put in order and supplied without delay. Had not major Trapier better attend to these constructions? The pintles can be placed at once; the carriages have been ordered; perhaps there are some extra ones at Sumter; the epaulements to be constructed at leisure. A traverse breastworks, three hundred yards, running back from Vinegar Hill, is directed to be constructed. Please visit this post.

Very truly,

W. H. C. WHITING,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

MONTGOMERY, April 15, 1861.

General BEAUREGARD,

Charleston:

If floating battery worked well I shall order one for Pensacola, so give me your opinion. If favorable, can Captain Hamilton, under whose supervision it was constructed, be induced to go to Pensacola for that purpose?

L. P. WALKER.

CHARLESTON, April 15, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Floating battery worked well for enfilading. Believe it good. Want Hamilton for a few days. We have a remarkable rifled cannon, 12-pounder, superior to any other here. Others ought to be ordered.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., April 15, 1861.

Brigadier General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding:

GENERAL: As the floating battery has to be removed from its present position, and as you are desirous of placing it at Wappoo, for defense against boats, I would suggest that the armament be changed to 8-inch

