
Numbers 2. Letter from Colonel H. K. Craig, Chief of Ordnance U. S. Army, in reference to transfer of detachment from the Charleston to Augusta Arsenal.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington D. C., January 10, 1861.

SIR: The inclosed letter from Captain Elzey to the Adjutant-General of the Army is submitted for the perusal of the Lieutenant-General commanding, and for such action as he any deem proper in the case, with the remarks that the captain had no means of knowing whether the Colonel of Ordnance had or had not consulted higher authority on the matter, even if such consultation, under the peculiar circumstances of the case, had been requisite.

The Ordnance detachment had been ejected from the Charleston Arsenal by the treasonable violence of the State authorities, and it became absolutely necessary to shelter it elsewhere. The Augusta Arsenal, Ga., under the control of this Department, where ample quarters are prepared for its enlisted men, is the nearest acceptable military post to which the detachment could be sent. The order to that effect was given after a full consideration of its propriety, and it is believed that if Captain Elzey had taken the pains to offer such explanations as his information warranted, take excitement alluded to by him need not have occurred, or might have been readily abated.

With much respect,

H. K. CRAIG,

Colonel of Ordnance.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters.

[Inclosure.]

AUGUSTA ARSENAL, GA., January 11, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to forward a field return of a detachment of Ordinance which arrived at this post last night from Charleston, S. C., under telegraphic order from Colonel Craig. This moment on the part of Colonel Craig I believe to be wholly unauthorized by the War Department. It was injudicious and impolitic, added much to the excitement in Augusta, and was very night producing serious difficulties in this quarter, the people believing it to be a re-enforcement to my command. I had no previous knowledge of it whatever.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Post.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 3. Reports of Captain Arnold Elzey, Second U. S. Artillery, of the seizure of Augusta Arsenal.*

HEADQUARTERS AUGUSTA, GA., ARSENAL, January 23, 1861-1 o'clock p. m.

SIR: I am just officially informed by the governor of Georgia, home in Augusta, supported by a superior military force, that Georgia having

---------------

*See also inclosure to Numbers 2, p. 320.

---------------

