
resumed exclusive sovereignty over her soil, it has become his duty to require me to withdraw the troops under my command at the earliest attention to take possession of the arsenal, and proposes to receipt for the public property and account for the same on adjustment between the State of Georgia and the Union States of America. He further declares that the retention of the troops upon the soil of Georgia after remonstrance is, under the laws of nations, an act of hostility, claiming that the State now is not only at peace but anxious to cultivate the most amicable relations with the United States Government, and that an answer from me to his demand is required at 9 o'clock a. m. to-morrow. An immediate answer to this communication is respectfully requested.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding.

Colonel S. COOPER, Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

AUGUSTA ARSENAL, GA., January 24, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the arsenal was surrendered this morning tot he governor of Georgia upon honorable terms, herewith inclosed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Captain, Second Artillery.

Colonel S. COOPER, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure.]

AUGUSTA ARSENAL, GA., January 24, 1861.

His excellency the governor of Georgia having demanded the United States Arsenal at Augusta, commanded by Captain Arnold Elzey, Second Artillery, U. S. Army, the following terms are agreed upon,t o wit:

1st. The flag to be saluted and lowered by the United States troops. 2nd. The company to be marched out with military honors and to retain its arms and company property.

3rd. The officers and soldier to occupy quarters until removed beyond the limits of the State, and to have the use of the post transportation to and from the city and in the neighborhood, and the privilege of obtaining supplies from the city.

4th. The public property ot be receipted for by the State authorities nd accounted for upon adjustment between the State of Georgia nd the United States of America.

5th. The troops to have unobstructed passage through and out of the State, by water, to New York, via Savannah.

JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the State of Georgia.

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Augusta Arsenal.

---------------

*The answer is quoted in Elzey's report of February 15, 1861, p. 322.

21 R R

---------------

