
troops, rode up to my quarters and were received by me, when the following honorable terms were agreed upon and executed, to wit:*

* * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ARNOLD ELZEY,

Captain, Second Artillery.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

Numbers 4. Report of Ordnance Storekeeper John M. Galt, U. S. Army, of the seizure of Augusta Arsenal.

AUGUSTA ARSENAL, GA., January 25, 11861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this post was surrendered to the authorities of the State of Georgia on a demand made by the governor in person, backed by a very superior force of the military of the State. The company of Second U. S. Artillery stationed here is under orders for New York, and as we are required to evacuate the post as soon as practicable, I would respectfully recommend the immediate discharge of the detachment of Ordnance, and would request that four or six months' leave of absence be granted to me. It may be well in making the application for leave of absence to say that I have had none for fourteen years, with one exception, which I did avail myself of. Full and complete receipts will be taken for all the public property in my charge.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. GALT,

Military Storekeeper of Ordnance.

Colonel H. K. CRAIG,

Ordnance Office, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 5. Report of Captain Wm. H. C. Whiting, U. S. Corps of Engineers, of the seizure of Oglethorpe Barracks and Fort Jackson.

U. S. ENGINEER OFFICE, Savannah, January 28, 1861.

GENERAL: I arrived here this evening from Fort Clinch. I left that post in charge of Mr. James A. Walker as fort keeper. A copy of my instructions to him is forwarded herewith.

Previous to leaving Fernandina I received verbal assurance from a member of the governor's council that the property at Fort Clinch would not be disturbed by the State, and that the work would be allowed to reaming in the charge of the Union States fort-keepers in statu quo. On my arrival here i found that the authorities of the State, and had formally assumed the control of Oglethorpe Barracks. I forward herewith a copy of a letter addressed to me by Colonel A. R. Laawton, of the Georgia troops. Ordnance Sergeant Burt having refused to surrender, his storeroom was taken possession of, and on his reporting to me I gave him orders to make no further resistance. Both Ordnance Sergeant

---------------

*See inclosure to report of January 24, 1861, p. 321.

---------------

