
Walker, late at Fort Pulaksi, and Ordnance Sergeant Burt are now at the barracks, where they are permitted to remain. My command having been forcibly interrupted, I can give them no further orders, and must leave the disposition of them to headquarters.

Very respectfully,

WM. H. C. WHITING,

Captain of Engineers.

General J. G. TOTTEN,

Chief of Engineers.

[Inclosure.]

SAVANNAH, January 28, 1861.

Captain WHITING,

U. S. Engineers:

SIR: I am instructed by the governor and commander-in-chief of the State of Georgia to take possession of Oglethorpe Barracks, in the name of the State of Georgia, and in your absence from this city possession has been taken. The occupants will not be disturbed at present, and you will please consider yourself at liberty to occupy, with your employes, such apartments as are necessary for your convenience while you are closing up your business here. The steamer Ida and appurtenance have also been taken possession of under the same authority. This, I believe, includes all the property held by you in the State of Georgia, as military engineer of the United States, but does not include any light-house property.

You have been already notified, informally, that Fort Pulaski and Jackson had been occupied by the troops of the State of Georgia under my command.

Very respectfully,

A. R. LAWTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Numbers 6. Report of Ordnance Sergeant E. Burt, U. S. Army, of the seizure of Oglethorpe Barrack, Savannah.

SAVANNAH, GA., January 27, 1861.

SIR: I transmit herewith a copy of an order which was handed to me yesterday.

I refused to organize Colonel Lawton's authority, or to allow Lieutenant Bassinger to interfere with the barracks or public property.

Lieutenant Bassinger, on my refusal to agree to comply with the order which he gave me, called on and obtained assistance from the city police storeroom. The barracks are now under the charge of the police.

I do not think the State authorities design taking the stores from here at present, or that they will molest me so long as I allow them to keep my storeroom fastened.

Lieutenant Bassinger, and officer of the State, offered to give me any writing I might desire in relation [to] the post and stores, but I refused to take any, or to give him any information. Please inform me if I am to act different from what I have.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. BURT,

Ordnance Sergeant, U. S. Army.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

