
pounder flank-defense howitzers, besides placing my field battery on the ramparts for effective service.

On the 18th the steamer Wayndotte came again in sight. Received another letter from Colonel Chase, of which the following is a copy:
HEADQUARTERS PENSACOLA DISTRICT, January 18, 1861.

Lieutenant A. J. SLEMMER,U. S. Army, Commanding Fort Pickens, Pensacola Harbor, Fla.:

SIR: With additional re-enforcements to my forces, arrived and expected, I would again request the surrender of Fort Pickens, referring you to my first letter on the subject, and offering the same terms as contained therein.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. CHASE,

Colonel, Commanding Forces of Florida.

Which was answered as follows:

FORT PICKENS, PENSACOLA HARBOR, January 18, 1861.

Colonel W. H. CHASE,

Commanding Forces of Florida, &amp;c.:

SIR: Before I can answer your communication of this date, it is necessary that I communicate with Captain Berryman, of the U. S. steamer Wyandotte, co-operating with me. The result of such confederate I will make known to you to-morrow morning.

By order of Lieutenant A. J. Slemmer, First Artillery, commanding Fort Pickens:

J. H. GILMAN,

Second Lieutenant, First Artillery, Act. Adjt. of Post.

A gun was fired to attract attention, and signal made to send a boat ashore. The steamer came to anchor off the southeast bastion of the fort. On the morning of the 19th the following reply was sent:

FORT PICKENS, FLA., January 19, 1861.

Colonel W. H. CHASE,

Commanding the Forces of Florida, &c.:

SIR: In reply to your communication of yesterday I have the honor to state that as yet I know of no reason why my answer to your communication of the 16th should be changed, and I therefore very respectfully refer you to that reply for the answer to this.

By order of First Lieutenant A. J. Slemmer, First Artillery, commanding Fort Pickens:

J. H. GILMAN,

Second Lieutenant, Fort Artillery, A. Post Adjt.

On the 20th a party of sailors from the steamer Wyandotte came to assist us to mount a 10-inch columbiad. They labored that day and part of the next with imperfect materials, but at last succeeded in placing it in the thrunnion beds. On the 22nd and 23rd nothing of importance transpired. We have had almost continued rain since the occupation of the fort.

On the 24th, thinking it time that better feelings should exist toward us, I sent a boat under a white flag to the navy-yard, in order to obtain, if possible, the mail matter which had accumulated now since the 9th instant. It was refused by the authorities at the post-office. I then addressed the following note to Colonel Chase:

FORT PICKENS, FLA., January 24, 1861.

Colonel WM. H. CHASE,

Commanding the Forces of Florida:

SIR: I have the honor to request that you will permit Captain Berryman to procure, or have procured for him, the mail matter, letters, papers, &c., which may have acculated for me and my command at the Warrington post-office. My main matter has been refused me forces, and from a knowledge of your personal character.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SLEMMER,

First Lieutenant, First Artillery, Commanding.

