
the honor of American Army. Through all the toil and excessive labor by day and standing by the guns at night, for ten days wet to the skin, without adequate sleep or rest, not one word of complaint has been uttered, but the most cheerful obedience readily given to all commands. Had we been attacked during those days dreadful would have been the havoc, and we were menaced every day and night, from the 12th to the 26th, by the increasing number opposite us, numbering at one time over 2,000 men. All that prevented, I am confident (for such was the pitch to which their mad folly had carried them), was Colonel Chase's knowledge of the strength and means of resistance within the fort, and our steady and firm adherence to the course determined on from the beginning, not to allow ourselves one moment to think of surrendering unless absolutely overpowered by numbers.

I would recommend especially to the favorable notice of the General-in-Chief, First Sergeant Alexander Jamieson, Sergeant Boyd, Corporals Caldwell and O'Donnell, of Company G, First Artillery, for especial coolness and activity in their several stations.

Of Lieutenant Gilman I have only to say that during the whole affair we have stood side, and if any credit is due for the course pursued he is entitled equally with myself.

I have descended into particulars in many places, but I did so to show the difficulties thrown in our way in the execution of our orders, and by persons, too, who had it in their power to render us to great assistance.

Troops occupy Fort Barrances, Barrancas Barranks, and Fort McRee. No guns are mounted at Fort McRee to my knowledge. On the 11th, Lieutenant Erben, of the storeship Supply, destroyed all the powder and the materials he could not bring over to Fort Pickens which would be necessary for the revolutionists to mount the guns, thus doing good service to the Union States.

The present armament here, mounted and for service, is as follows:Fourteen 32-pounders, seven 12-pounders, one 8-inch sea-coast howitzer, one 10-inch columbiad, six filed pieces, twenty-five 24-pounder howitzers-flank defense. Total, 54.

I have provisions for five months for my present command; also a sufficient quantity of water.

Nothing of interest has transpired from the 26th ultimo up to this date except the reception of orders by telegraph, and since by special messenger, with reference to the landing of troops, &amp;c.

I would most respectfully request that a surgeon be detailed for the command.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. J. SLEMMER,

First Lieutenant, First Artillery, Commanding Post.

Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army.

I have eighty-two men, all told-forty-eight, Company G, First Artillery, and thirty-one ordinary seamen (of these, seventy-seven are for duty); two ordnance sergeants, and one hospital steward-not enough for the ordinary garrison duty hind the present emergency.* I have but

---------------

*The original of this paper is indorsed as follows:

"This paper was given me by Lieutenant Slemmer without names or date. It relates to Fort Pickens, and is respectfully submitted.

---------------

"H. S. PUTNAM,

"Lieutenant Top. Engineers.

"Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General."

