
to prevent Fort Taylor being taken or allow the State authorities to have possession without any resistance on the part of my command? These instructions are absolutely necessary now, as it may be too late after the State secedes to receive any, in consequence of communications being cut off from the seat of Government.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Captain, First Artillery, Commanding.,

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

FORT TAYLOR, KEY WEST, FLA., January 12, 1861.

SIR: In consequence of the disordered state of public affairs, of the reported seizure of various neighboring forts and arsenals, of my own lack of means for maintaining a secure guard of this most important fortification, and of the near approach of the discharge of most of my enrolled mechanics and laborers, I deem it my duty to call upon you to make [secure] the military custody of Fort Taylor, and to adopt such measures for its security as you shall deem proper. I shall heartily co-operate in my appropriate capacity as an officer of Engineers, and shall in a few days complete all the defensive preparations now required. I would, therefore, hereby ask you at once to assume the military command of Fort Taylor. I shall by letter of this date ask Captain Craven, of the Mohawk, to consult with you and give his aid for this object.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

E. B. HUNT,

Captain, Engineers.

Captain J. M. BRANNAN,

First Artillery, Commanding Key West Barracks.

FORT TAYLOR, KEY WEST, FLA., January 115, 1861.

SIR: In consequence of the secession of this State and the seizure of the forts and arsenals in other Southern States, I have moved my command to Fort Taylor, and shall; defend it to the last moment against any force attempting to capture it. I have four months' provisions and 70,000 gallons water, but we cannot a siege against any organized army, and therefore should be re-enforced immediately. Two vessels of war should be stationed here to protect the entrance to the harbor and prevent a landing beyond the range of my guns. Mail facilities having ceased through Florida, all orders for this post should be sent via Havana from New York through the American consul.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. BRANNAN,

Captain, First Artillery, Commanding.

Major GEORGE DEAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the East, Troy, N. Y.

