
We sail this evening for Fort Jefferson, where we got to get a flat, some boats, and other indispensable articles.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,

Numbers 1. Key West, April 13, 1861.

In obedience to the instructions of the General-in-Chief, approved by the President of the United States, creating the Department of Florida, and assigning it to the undersigned, he hereby assumes the command of the same.

The department comprises the State of Florida and the contiguous islands in the Gulf.

The headquarters of the department will hereafter be announced. The following-named officers compose the staff of the department, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Bvt. Captain G. L. Hartsuff, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain R. Ingalls, assistant quartermaster.

Captain H. F. Clarke, assistant commissary of subsistence.

Dr. John Campbell, assistant surgeon.

Captain M. C. Meigs, chief engineer.

First Lieutenant G. T. Balch, ordnance officer.

HARVEY BROWN,

Brevet Colonel, Commanding.

U. S. STEAMER CRUSADER,

Off Key West, April 13, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington:

DEAR SIR: We arrived here and anchored some three miles below the fort to prevent communication. Going to the fort in a boat Colonel Brown sent notes to Judge Marvin; to Colonel Patterson, the newly appointed Navy agent; to Mr. Howe, the new collector; and to Mr. Tiler, the late Navy agent. Mr. Clapp, whose commission as marshal we brought with us, we found at the fort. To these gentlemen the general policy of the Government in regard to the fort and island of Key West was explained, and the assurance of support from their Government was received with great satisfaction. I found that Colonel Patterson has lately made himself quite conspicuous by his Union sentiments, and their open avowal. The best feeling prevails between the gentlemen now appointed and the officers of the garrison, and I have no doubt that all will work harmoniously together.

The anxiety to which Judge Marvin has been subjected has preyed upon his spirits and he looks depressed, but he is ready to do his duty and stand to his post, at least until the Government is ready to relieve him. His presence for a time, and his influence are, I think, of much importance in eradicating the treasonable spirit which has lately had full and free sway here. He will be able as now supported, I think, to accomplish it without recourse to any harsh measures.

The officers here assure us that the reports spread thorough the newspapers of the demoralization of our troops in Texas are untrue. The troops are well disciplined, loyal, and ready to serve their country. At

