
think that all would be more cheerful, more comfortable, and more safe. The present crowded condition of the fort will, if it continues, bring on disease that in even a not crowded place will be destructive.

I have thrown these ideas, the fruit of much reflection upon this subject, together, colonel, for your consideration, and hope they will prove worthy of your approval and adoption. Upon you rests, of course, the responsibility which accompanies command, and I defer to your greater experiences, rank, and responsibility, merely offering that advice which commends itself to my judgment.

I am, very truly, your friend and servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Captain of Engineers.

You know that tents for 1,000 men should be on the Illinois; that 10,000 yards of canvas afford means to cover the horses from sun and insects, and that ample stores of lumber, ordnance, provisions, &amp;c., are here or on their way.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,April 20, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I inclose you a report of Lieutenant Slemmer in relation to an attempt of the seceders to bribe and seduce the garrison from their duty. That the attempt was made if sully proved by the fact that the money paid to Private McGarr is now actually in the possession of Lieutenant Slemmer. This noble fidelity should be rewarded, but the kind of reward I am not prepared to yet recommend. The design was to spike the flank casemate howitzer, and then to take the work by escalate. I have not doubt but that other soldiers of Lieutenant Slemmer's garrison were tempered with, and I fear in one or two cases successfully, but have not yet had time to investigate the affairs.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Brevet Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

FORT PICKENS, FLA., April 18, 1861.

TO THE ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters of the Army:

SIR: Having had my suspicions aroused by letters passing to and from Fort Pickens and the village of Warrington, I issued orders that no letters or packages should be sent from or received at the post except those passing through my hands. Subsequent to this a roll of papers came from Warrington, addressed to Ordnance Sergeant E. H. Broady.

Upon opening them a letter fell out, of which the following is a copy:

BROADY: You are without exception the dam's doest fool I have the pleasure of knowing. Bragg will give you a dam'd sight better berth than you have, and besides, you will be on the right side. Don't be a jackass always. Look at Gardner-see his position. I have authority for offering you a like commission. Answer me. Where can I take you a cocktail? My regards to Flynn. Come over and see me. I can assure you that permission to visit your wife, and in a capacity she will be more than glad to find you in, will be granted you. No humbug. Cover over.

Yours,

B.

