
I kept this letter, determining to watch the sergeant and intercept other letters. The next day another roll of papers came to the same address, out of which the following note was obtained:

What a jackass you are. I again renew my offer of a position with a lieutenant's commission and all your pay twofold that is due you from the Federal Government. Also to Flynn. If you will help us along to save bloodshed, I can offer any private in the company $500, and any non-commissioned officer $1,000 too, with a guarantee of future provision as high or higher as he nw stands. Every man who will take upon themselves to give us the fort without bloodshed, and save the lives of your garrison, will be well paid-all back pay, $500 for the privates, $1,000 for re-commissioned officers, and a commission in the Confederate army. This, Broady, I offer from authority. I would not offer it otherwise. You as a friend I believe will trust me. We must and will have the fort, but' this not worth one drop of blood; but if it cost 5,000 lives we must and will have it. Fill it full of Federal troops if you will, yet we must and will have it. Don't be a dam'd fool. When and where can I see you? I will go over to-night, and will take a cocktail if you say so.

Answer first opportunity.

Yours, &amp;c.,

B.

The same day I received private information that the troops on the opposite side were making preparations, preparing boats, &c., and intended to come over that night or the next. I immediately addressed a note to Captain Adams, commanding the squadron, informing him of the fact, and requested re-enforcements. A storm prevented the Wyandotte from coming out the harbor that night. Nothing occurred. The next day I received a letter from Captain Adams, of which the following is a copy:

U. S FRIGATE SABINE,

Off Pensacola, April 11, 1861.

Lieutenant A. J. SLEMMER, Commanding Fort Pickens, Fla.:

SIR: You have stated in your communication to me of the 10th instant, that from information received through private hands you have reason to believe that the safety of the fort depends on its immediate re-enforcement. Will you be pleased to lay this information in full before me? So many unfounded rumors have been in circulation to this same effect that it is necessary to be cautious, and my orders are positive not to land re-enforcements unless the fort is actually attacked or preparations are making to attack it. Should your information be such as to justify it, I will have re-enforcements landed as son as practicable when testate of the sea will admit of boats landing outside the harbor and at night, as you recommend.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. A. ADAMS,

Captain, Senior Officer Present.

A storm prevented the steamer Wyandotte from returning to the squadron that night. On the morning of the 12th I made the following answer:

FORT PICKENS, FLA., April 12, 1861.

Captain H. A. ADAMS, Commanding Squadron off Pensacola Harbor:

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 11th instant, I have to state the information I received is through varied sources, and all to the same effect, viz, that the troops were preparing to embark for this island, and that boats and material were ready at the navy-yard to start at any moment; that the intention was troland either last night or the night before. The weather having been such these nights that they could scarcely cross unless very determined, they may be expected at the first favorable opportunity. I have deemed my information of such importance that for the last two nights my men have been placed at the guns in readiness to repel an attack. My men an officers are much fatigued, and I deem it absolutely necessary that the fort should be re-enforced immediately. Provisions should also be landed while there is yet time to do so by the Wyandotte.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SLEMMER,

First Lieutenant, First Artillery, Commanding.

