
of these harbors. The letter of the President of 1st April, which you bear, and which Captain Adams has seen, gives you full and ample authority to call upon him to make this disposition of his ships.

The expedition under your command embraces the coast and islands of Florida in its scope, and your attention was particularly called to the "even greater importance" of Forts Taylor and Jefferson than of news referred to be correct. I would call upon Captain Adams, in virtue of the authority in you vested by the President, to "co-operate" by sending the ships to Key West and Tortugas. The Crusader will be very useful here, the sailing ships there. Here you need steamers, and sailing ships, except as depots, are useless. From his present position it would take Captain Adams half a day in good weather to bring his guns into play, and in bad weather he could not move at all.

The team road should be extended up the island to the landing. The sailors are hard worked and should be spared rowing. The plank between the gate and dock would make the road. Now less than ever would I put this precious material on the Atlantic and Illinois at peril of destruction by a rough, drunken volunteer's shot. If one of these ships is struck by such a shot, apologies will not restore her. Too little work was done yesterday on ship and shore.

I inclose a copy of your letter of the 17th instant to me, which I handed to Captain Porter indorsed, as you will see.* By this I succeeded in stopping him.

I am, very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Captain, Engineers, Chief Engineer.

P. S.-This ship, if properly supplied with boats, can sail by 1 p. m. to-day.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, Fla., April 22, 1861.

Bvt. Major L. G. ARNOLD, Commanding Fort Jefferson, Tortugas:

MAJOR: News has been received here that Virginia has seceded and Gosport navy-yard taken. If os, several large ships have fallen into the hands of the secessionists, and your post may be jeopardized. I shall try to get a ship stationed near to support you, but every effort must be made to strengthen your position as much as possible. Mount all the guns can, and keep your whole force at work until all is finished that your means may permit.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, Fla., April 22, 1861.

Bvt. Major L. G. ARNOLD, Commanding Fort Jefferson:

MAJOR: At my request Captain Adams, commanding the naval forces at this place, has ordered the ship St. Louis to be stationed off your fort in such a manner as to give you necessary aid and protection. He is

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

