
[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, May 27, 1861.

Captain W. W. McKEAN, Commanding Naval Forces off Pensacola:

SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of the 26th instant. Although the two sail vessels you propose leaving will give a very inadequate support on account of the difficulty of moving them, their inability to lie close to the shore, and their projectiles being principally solid shot, yet, appreciating the importance of blockading Mobile and capturing the vessel, I will interpose no further objections to the departure of the Niagara after the arrival of the St. Louis, provided the Mohawk is permitted to continue to guard the north pass, which I consider of great importance, and that the Wyandotte and Water Witch continue here with the Huntsville to enforce the blockade and protect the island.

I again respectfully request that you will order Captain Porter immediately to return to me the small schooner which I lent him especially to assist him here, and which is so extraordinary a manner he took away without my knowledge or consent.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure D.]

P. S.- "Since writing the above your communication has been handed to me. I will leave the Mohawk and Huntsville here, and will in compliance with your request direct Lieutenant Commanding Porter to order the schooner immediately back. The Powhatan is off Mobile, but it is possible, for it will require three vessels to blockade that river. She had but one week's water when she left, and cannot obtain a supply until she reaches the Mississippi."

(A true copy of a postscript in a letter from Captain McKean to me, the letter being on another subject.)

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure E.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, May 22, 1861.

Brigadier General BRAXTON BRAGG, Commanding Troops in Florida:

SIR: In my letter to you of the 17th ultimo I announced my intention of acting only on the defensive, unless assailed. Since then your so-called government has commenced an unholy, unjust, and parricidal war on our common country, and you personally have been almost constantly hostilely engaged in erecting batteries against this fort, and last night in anchoring a floating battery within range of and menacing my command. You will therefore be pleased to notice that I shall act on the offensive whenever the interests and honor of my country, in my opinion, require it.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

