HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, Fla., May 30, 1861.

Major W. H. FRENCH, Commanding, Key West, Fla.:

MAJOR: I am directed by the colonel commanding to say that he has read the papers you sent with great pleasure, and that he is much gratified by the loyalty exhibited at Key West. Your course, marked by prudence and ability, meets his decided approbation. He trusts the continuance of the same forbearance and consideration will bring all the inhabitants to their duty.

Directions have been given to Major Arnold to send you the siege battery as soon as possible. The colonel agrees with you that it is inexpedient to erect a battery on the north end of the island at present.

If you can put some guns on the Suwannee or the Wanderer, with a sufficient crew not to endanger here, it might, perhaps, by well to do so whenever either may not be required for other service.

The colonel only desires that under no contingency shall Fort Taylor and Key West be endangered in the slightest degree by detachments. The colonel directs that you send either the Suwannee or the Wanderer to this fort immediately, loaded with lumber, boards, and scantling, in about equal proportion. A little wood might be put on board.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, May 31, 1861.

Colonel WM. B. FRANKLIN, U. S. Army, Washington:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs to request the governor of New York to designate a regiment of three or two years's volunteers for a distant service not to be named. You are confidentially informed that Fort Pickens is the destination of the regiment. It is to be embarked under your direction, with certain supplies to be prepared under immediately authority of the War Department. You will learn the probable time of embarkation, and concert with the proper agents on this subject. Your exertions will be directed towards inspecting, mustering, and equipping the regiment prior to its departure, so that it may be provided with whatever is necessary for its efficiency and comfort.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.- Please forward by confidential hands the inclosed letter to Colonel Brown.

E. D. T.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, May 31, 1861.

Bvt. Colonel H. BROWN, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Florida, Fort Pickens:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs me to inform you that a regiment of volunteers from New York, mustered into service for two years unless sooner discharged, is ordered to re-enforce Fort Pickens, under your command. This will enable you to send back the company of infantry to Key West. The general directs that you detach Captain and Brevet Major Hunt's company with its battery, and order it to return in the

