
cation for a fast-sailing steamer or steam-tug for an express boat and general service. I have just learned that the South Carolina has on board three 10-inch sea-coast mortars and some 600 shells.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. S.-I have receive no instructions whatever since I have been here, and am still under orders to act on the strictly defensive.

Declaration of blockade.

To all whom it may concern:

I, Wn. Mervine, flag officer, commanding the U. S. naval forces composing the Gulf Squadron, give notice that by wirtue of the power and authority in me vested, and in pursuance of the proclamations of his Excellency the President of the United States, promulgated under dates of April 19 and 27, 1861, respectively, that an effective blockade of the port of Key West, Fla., has been established, and will be rigidly enforced and maintained against all vessels (public armed vessels of foreign powers alone excepted) which shall attempt to enter or depart from said port of Key West, Fla.

WM. MERVINE,

Flag Officer, Commanding Gulf Blockading Squadron.

Given at Key West, June 8, 1861, U. S. Flag-ship Mississippi.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP MISSISSIPPI,

Key West, June 11, 1861.

The declaration of blockade of this port made by me on the 8th instant is so far relaxed in its terms as to allow legitimate trading between this port and the ports of the loyal States. Trading between Key West, the island of Cuba, and any of the West India islands, so long as it is confined to lawful objects of commerce, may be carried on under such restrictions as may be imposed by the naval commander stationed off this port.

WM. MERVINE,

Flag Officer, Commanding Gulf Blockading Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, June 12, 1861.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that the Star of the South, the South Carolina, and the Massachusetts have arrived, bringing guns, howitzers, ammunition, hay, oats, and twenty mules and carts, with other stores. I have now, of 10-inch columbiads, five mounted on the five bastions of the fort, one in the salient of the counterscarp opposite bastion E, and two at Battery Cameron. Of 10-inch sea-coast mortars, two mounted at Battery Lincoln, and I except in a week to have in addition two 10-inch columbiads and two 10-inch sea-coast mortars in

