
It may not be amiss to state that the enemy opposite have light artillery, and although the removal of the two batteries from here would seem to indicate that none were considered necessary, I would with great deference venture the opinion that if we act offensively we cannot efficiently without at least one battery, and that for extensive operations we should have two batteries.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Fifth Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF FLORIDA,Fort Pickens, July 24, 1861.

To the ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I respectfully report my command in comparatively good health-no serious cases. I have a hospital on the beach, about on and a half miles from the fort, finished, and the sick in it. The 8-inch columbiads sent from Tortugas are here, and will be landed to-morrow and the next day. I shall then have all the guns I intend to mount. I am building and have nearly completed a battery for the two heavy mortars (12 and 13 inch) about a quarter of a mile east of the fort three 10-inch mortars (two of which were landed yesterday) in the center of the island and about one and a quarter miles from the fort, which done, I shall have completed (with the exception of a small battery at Spanish Fort) all the works I propose to erect.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARVEY BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Message of the President of the United States, in answer to a resolution of the Senate requesting information concerning the quasi armistice alluded to in his message of the 4th instant.

JULY 31, 1861.- Read, ordered to lie on the table and be printed.

To the Senate of the United States:

In answer to the resolution of the Senate of the 19th instant, requesting information concerning the quasi armistice alluded to in my message of the 4th instant, I transmit a report from the Secretary of War.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

JULY 30, 1861.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

July 29, 1861.

The Secretary of the Navy, to whom was referred the resolution of the Senate of the 19th instant, requesting the President of the United States to "communicate to the Senate (if not incompatible with the public interest) the character of the quasi armistice to which he refers in his message of the 4th instant, be reason of which the commander of the frigate Sabine refused to transfer the United States troops into Fort Pickens in obedience to his orders; by whom and when such armistice was entered into; and if any, and what, action has been taken by the Government in view of the disobedience of the order of the Presi-

