
4th of March, we ask instructions whether the delegations are to remain in Congress until that date for the purpose of defeating such legislation.

Resolved, That a committee be and are hereby appointed, consisting of Messrs. Davis, Slidell, and Mallory, to carry out the objects of this meeting.

[STATE OF ALABAMA,] EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

January 8, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM M. BROOKS,

President of the Convention of the State of Alabama:

In reply to a verbal communication from the body over which you preside, made by one of its members, I make the following statement:

My information in regard to Pensacola is that Governor Perry, of Florida, has informed me by dispatch that he has ordered the forts to be occupied by the troops of Florida and asks aid from Alabama.

The force at his command in West Florida is small and not sufficient to take and maintain the forts. Troops from Alabama could reach that doing before the troops of East and Middle Florida. This fact, with the importance of the position to Alabama as well as to Florida, induces him to make the request, as I am informed. It is believed at Washington, in South Carolina, and Georgia, as I am advised from high sources, that it is not only the policy of the Federal Government to coerce the seceding States, but as soon as possible to put herself in position by re-enforcing all the forts in the States where secession is expected. I need not suggest the danger to Florida and Alabama that must result from permitting a strong force to get possession of these forts.

With sentiments of high consideration and respect,

A. B. MOORE.

Private.] [STATE OF FLORIDA,] EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

January 10, 1861.

Honorable JNO. C. McGEHEE, President of the Convention:

SIR: The inclosed dispatch has this morning reached me, and I hasten to transmit it through you to the Convention.

Very respectfully,

M. S. PERRY.

[Inclosure.]

(By telegraph from Washington, dated January 9, 1861.)

For Governor PERRY:

Federal troops are said to be moving, or to move, on the Pensacola forts. Every hour is important. Georgia and Alabama if called will aid in the work, we think. The two seaboard forts are vacant. Chase, at Pensacola, built and knows the works.

S. R. MALLORY.

GEORGE S. HAWKINS.

D. L. YULEE.

WASHINGTON, January 10, 1861.

Major W. H. CHASE, Pensacola, Fla.:

All here look to you for Pickens and McRee.

S. R. M. [MALLORY.]

