
MOBILE, March 21, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

The sloop Isabella, laden with stores mostly for officers of the United States Navy at Pensacola, was seized last night by the acting mayor, and at the request of General Bragg.

W. J. HARDEE,

Colonel First Regiment Infantry.

MONTGOMERY, March 22, 1861.

General BRAGG,

Pensacola:

If they come in as companies they are so received with their officers. So with battalions and regiments. But if received as companies, and mustered into service as such, these companies cannot afterward organize into battalions or regiments and elect officers. (See Provisional Army bill.)

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

MONTGOMERY, March 23, 1861.

Governor MOORE,

Montgomery:

DEAR SIR: In expectation of the early arrival of large re-enforcements of troops at Pensacola, officers will leave to-night for Mobile, to provide subsistence supplies. With your consent they will be directed to receive from this State such stores as are in Mobile, and ship them to Pensacola. Will you be so good as to send me a note to General Green, directing him to make the transfer?

Very truly,

L. P. WALKER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, A. G. O.,

Montgomery, Ala., March 23, 1861.

Brigadier General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding Pensacola Harbor:

SIR: The Secretary of War wishes to be informed, at your earliest convenience, whether any reconnaissance or examination of the country in your rear toward Predido Bay, and along the Gulf coast, has been made. Having in view the transport of supplies from Mobile to Pensacola, it is of eminent importance to know whether the long transit between Blakely and the latter point can in any way be avoided. You are therefore requested to transmit any information which you may have on the subject, and to ascertain, if possible, whether communication by water, portage, and land carriage can be made between Bonsecours Bay, Perdido Bay, and Pensacola Harbor, and, if so, the least depth of water and the length of portage it would be necessary to make.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

