
MONTGOMERY, April 8, 1861.

General BRAGG,

Pensacola:

The expression "at all hazards" in my dispatch of this morning* was not intended to require you to land upon the island. The presumption is that re-enforcements will be attempted at the dock, and this I hope you can and will prevent, though it should lead to assault of your works. The belief here is that they will not only attempt to re-enforce the fort, but also to retake the navy-yard.

L. P. WALKER.

MONTGOMERY, April 8, 1861.

Gov. T. O. MOORE,

Baton Rouge, La.:

The state of affairs at Pensacola requires that I shall urge you no longer to delay in sending forward corps. You cannot get them in time by enlistment. Why not take volunteer companies? I hope you will consider this most urgent.

L. P. WALKER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, April 8, 1861.

Hons. B. F. SIMMONS, S. W. SPENCER,

J. J. GRIFFIN, J. L. DUNHAM,

Apalachicola, Fla.:

GENTLEMEN: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to reply to your letter of the 3rd instant, and to express his deep interest in the subject-matter of which it treats. He begs to assure you that the proper defense of every assailable point of our coast is the matter most pressing upon the consideration of the Department, and you may be assured that an officer will be sent to examine the harbor of Apalachicola at the earliest practicable moment. But you must remember, gentlemen, that the departments are but just organized, and that the pressure upon the Department of War is necessarily very great.

Trusting that the assurance given will be satisfactory, the Secretary directs me to express his regret that it is out of his power at present to comply with your request.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. HOOPER,

Private Secretary.

PENSACOLA, April 9, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Your dispatch received last night. Will do our best, but supplies are short for a continued resistance. Want transportation to move guns, shot, and troops. Sixteen hundred men arrived yesterday and last night.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

FORT MORGAN, April 9, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

SIR: It is the opinion of Major Leadbetter, Engineers, that the great number of sand bags reported on the way to Tortugas are intended for building cover-faces at Fort Pickens. If this be done that place cannot be breached by our present batteries.

W. J. HARDEE,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

---------------

*Dispatch not found.

---------------

