
morning, the 12th instant, while waiting for the sea to subside on the bar, so that the Wayndotte could go out, one of the officers suggested that we should go on shore and take a look at Fort Pickens, to which I assented. We accordingly, about 9 o'clock a.m., landed there, and walked about the ramparts for half an hour, and then returned on board. During my visit to the fort I did not see Lieutenant Slemmer, as he was asleep and I did not desire to disturb him, as I had no object in seeing him, except to pay him the proper visit of courtesy on going within the limits of his command.

At about 10.30 or 11 o'clock a.m. the Wyandotte went out of the harbor and put me on board the Sabine, somewhere near 12 o'clock. I made my communication to Captain Adams, and stated to him what General Bragg had said in relation to the agreement between them. He, nevertheless, gave me a written order to return to Washington as "special messenger," which order you have. Of course I proceeded to obey the order, and was landed by the Wyandotte at Pensacola about 5 o'clock p.m. I was told by Captain Adams that it was not necessary for me to see General Bragg on my return, and therefore I did not stop at his quarters.

I make this statement, ready with the solemnity of an oath to be confirmed. It is made, not with regard to personal safety, or of any consequences that might result to me personally, but purely in defense of my honor as an officer and a gentleman. Several officers in the Confederate service-among them I will mention Captain D. N. Ingraham and Surg. W. F. Carrington-I think I can appeal to with confidence.

I respectfully submit this statement to the consideration of the honorable Secretary of War.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN L. WORDEN,

Lieutenant, U. S. Navy.

PENSACOLA, April 17, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Large steamer with troops joined the fleet last night. Send me instructed officers of Artillery for my batteries.

BRAXTONG BRAGG.

PENSACOLA, April 17, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

Another naval steamer arrived to-day. Colonel Harvey Brown and several hundred men landed. Colonel B. informs me he will hold himself on the defensive.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

MONTGOMERY, April 19, 1861.

General BRAGG,

Pensacola:

Events are such as to excite belief that demonstrations may be made upon you at an early day. I would, therefore, advise increased vigilance in preventing possible communication with the fleet or Fort Pickens. Martial law should be rigidly enforced. Everything is being done to send you guns and artillerists. We are badly off, however, especially in this latter particular.

L. P. WALKER.

