
TALLAHASSEE, June 1, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

I have been telegraphing you since the 13th ultimo relative to the two thousand troops raised under your requisition. We have batteries erected at several points on the coast, requiring at least two regiments to garrison. If Florida is to take care of herself, say so.

Respectfully,

M. S. PERRY.

PENSACOLA, August 2, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General:

General Walker has been ordered to Richmond, upon certificate of his physician that it is dangerous for him to remain here longer. He is very feeble and failing daily. Can you possibly supply his place?

BRAXTON BRAGG.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Richmond, August 4, 1861.

General B. BRAGG,

Commanding, &amp;c., Pensacola:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 28th ultimo* has been received and submitted to the President, who instructs me to state that he has particularly noticed your suggestions respecting an increase of force to your command in the event of the movement indicated by you and to inquire how soon you think you would need the increased force, and at what point you would wish it to be assembled. Our present limited means is required to re-enforce where attack is most to be expected. This suggestion, however, is not made with any purpose of declining a compliance with your requisition, but simply in order that you may understand our necessities elsewhere.

The Ordnance Department has been instructed to increase your supply of ammunition for both artillery and small-arms, agreeably to your suggestion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, C. S. TROOPS,Near Pensacola, Fla., August 8, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Perhaps you would like to hear from this place, once of so much importance. The departure of General W. H. T. Walker and the sickness of Colonel Clayton have for a time placed me in command of the Second Brigade here. I have the First Alabama Regiment, the Seventh Alabama, and a Georgia battalion, with two independent companies, in all about two thousand three hundred men, with Fort Barrancas and three-fourths of all the batteries at this place. If there could be a fight I would have a fair chance for a place in it of some importance, but we look for nothing of the kind now. I believe that with three thousand additional troops Pickens can be easily taken, certainly with five

---------------

*Not found. Entered in Confederate archives as referring to condition of affairs on Santa Rosa Island.

---------------

