
It will be proper to state, in this connection, the circumstances under which this change of station has been made, and with that view I will copy the remarks indorsed upon the muster rolls and company return for the past month:

On April 22, 1861, the United States Arsenal at Fayetteville, N. C., was surrendered to the State of North Carolina, upon a demand being made by the governor of the State, backed by a force of between one thousand and one thousand one hundred men, well armed and equipped, having also several pieces of field artillery. The number of the effective United States forces was forty-two. The weakness of the command, the hopelessness of relief, the distance from the coast, and the want of supplies, which had been cut off, rendered the surrender a military necessity.

The command left the arsenal (with arms, company and personal property) on April 27, 1861, and Wilmington, N. C., on April 28, 1861, on the schooner Charles Dennis, and reached Fort Hamilton on the morning of May 7, 1861. Having no accurate copy of the terms of surrender, I can only give in substance the conditions upon which the withdrawal of the garrison and the transfer of the property was effected. As nearly as I can recollect they were as follows:

First. That the troops composing the guard at the United States Arsenal should be allowed to march out, retaining their personal and company property of every description whatsoever.

Second. That the subsistence stores necessary for the use of the command should be taken by them.

Third. That the flag should be saluted before being lowered.

Fourth. That the command should be permitted to occupy their accustomed quarters until arrangements for the removal of the troops could be made.

Fifth. That a safe-conduct should be given to the withdrawn command for their protection through the State to the coast.

Sixth. That every facility should be afforded for the quiet, unmolested, and speedy removal of the United States troops.

Seventh. That, for the preservation of good order and discipline in the command, the United States troops should continue to act as a guard until their withdrawal; maintain their guards and sentinels as before.

Eighth. That during the stay of the United States troops at the arsenal, awaiting transportation, no flag should be hoisted on the staff or within the Government inclosure, except the necessary raising of the North Carolina or Confederate flag, on taking possession by the one party and surrender by the other.

Such, sir, are, I believe, the facts attending the presence of my company at this place; but, given from recollection altogether, there may be some inaccuracies, which will be corrected upon the reception of the report of the officers commanding, respectively, the arsenal and the guard.

With respect, I remain your obedient servant,

J. A. DE LAGNEL,

First Lieutenant, Second Artillery, Commanding Co. D.

Colonel H. L. SCOTT,

Aide-de-Camp, Headquarters Army, New York.

