
BATON ROUGE BARRACKS, LA., January 11, 1861.

COLONEL: It is my painful duty to announce to you the surrender of the arsenal and barracks at this place to the governor of this State.

The governor collected a large force in the city here yesterday, and about 5 p.m. sent me, by his aides-de-camp, Colonels Bragg and Taylor, a summons, a copy of which I herewith inclose.

Having no assurance of re-enforcements or support, I deemed it proper, after consulting with the officers here, to yield to the demand. I also inclose a copy of the paper signed this morning.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. HASKIN,

Brevet Major, and Captain, First Artillery.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

P. S.-I telegraphed to you yesterday for orders, and shall take the first boat I can for Cairo without I receive contrary orders.

J. A. HASKIN,

Brevet Major, and Captain, First Artillery.

[Inclosures.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Baton Rouge, La., January 10, 1861.

SIR: The safety of the State of Louisiana demands that I take possession of all Government property within her limits. You are, therefore, summoned hereby to deliver up the barracks, arsenal, and public property now under your command.

With the large force at my disposal this demand will be enforced. Any attempt at defense on your part will be a rash sacrifice of life.

The highest consideration will be extended to yourself and command.

THOMAS O. MOORE,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief Militia of Louisiana.

The COMMANDING OFFICER,

Baton Rouge Barracks, Baton Rouge, La.

Articles of agreement between Thos. O. Moore, governor of the State of Louisiana, and Bvt. Major Joseph A. Haskin, U. S. Army, commanding the barracks at Baton Rouge, La.

I. Upon the demand of Governor Moore, supported by six hundred men, Major Haskin, from necessity, surrenders the barracks, arsenal, and all public property therein, to the State of Louisiana, receipts to be given by Governor Moore for the same.

II. The officers and enlisted men of the United States are to leave by river transport for some point above and beyond the State of Louisiana, taking their personal effects, infantry armament, camp and garrison equipage, and twenty days' rations, and to move within thirty-six hours. One or more officers may remain on parole for the settlement of property accounts.

III. The enlisted men of ordnance will vacate the arsenal immediately, which will be occupied by the State troops.

Signed in duplicate at Baton Rouge this the 11th day of January, A. D. 1861.

THOS. O. MOORE,

Governor of the State of Louisiana.

J. A. HASKIN,

Brevet Major, and Captain, First Artillery.

