
appropriation for this work, nor of the amount allowed by the Department from the contingent fund for its use, yet it may be, perhaps, in a position to furnish without delay this smaller amount of $300 for the payment of the white hands, who are really in need of it. Hoping that my action in the matter may meet the approval of the Department.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WALTER McFARLAND,

Brevet Second Lieutenant, Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS LOUISIANA MILITIA,Adjutant-General's Office, New Orleans, January 28, 1861.

Dr. S. P. MOORE,

Surgeon, U. S. Army:

SIR: In the name of the sovereign State of Louisiana, I now demand of you possession of the medical department, and of all the property, &amp;c., now under your control and in your possession, belonging to the United States of America, for which the State of Louisiana is and will be accountable, and receipt for the same will be given to you.

By order of Thomas O. Moore, governor and commander-in-chief.

M. GRIVOT,

Adjutant and Inspector General Louisiana.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., January 28, 1861.

Adjutant-General GRIVOT,

State of Louisiana:

SIR: I have this morning (28th instant) received your communication demanding, in the name of the State of Louisiana, the possession of all the public property in this city belonging to the General Government in my charge. I have not the means of resisting this authority. The only course remaining for me is that the exchange of the proper papers will be made under protest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. MOORE,

Surgeaon, U. S. Army.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., January 28, 1861.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

I have this day made a requisition on Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel A. C. Myers, A. Q. M., of which I inclose a copy. I also inclose a copy of his reply. In conversation with many persons in this city to-day, I am astonished to find a most marked and determined change of feeling towards the Government at Washington. Under all circumstances I consider that any purchase of subsistence in this market for an on account of the United States, would run great risk of seizure for the use and benefit of the troops now in arms in this State.

I am, very respectfully, &c.,

C. L. KILBURN,

Captain and C. S.

32 R R

