
had at that time with reference to the movements of the troops toward the Kansas and New Mexico frontier, and the Indian country east of Red River.)

If the question be considered as answered by your reply to it, then the undersigned are constrained to consider it as a substantial denial of their demand on that subject.

The non-acceptance of the terms contained in your second answer rests upon the same reasons as those set forth in reply to your first answer.

The third answer is as the undersigned had reason to believe it would be, and is accepted.

The terms embraced in your reply to our last inquiry acceptable, with the following conditions, viz: 1st. That all moneys in Texas, for the payment of the troops, or the liquidation of debts of every description uncurbed on behalf of the Federal Government shall be considered applicable to those purposes, and be turned over to the commissioners for their disposal accordingly, and guarantees will be given by the undesigned for the prompt payment of the same; and all funds in Texas held for the Federal Government, not included in the above exceptions, shall be given up and receipts by the undersigned accordingly given. That portion of the last answer is accepted which claims the retention by the troops in Texas of their arms and clothing, camp and garrison equipage, quarternmaster's stores, subsistence, medical and hospital stores, and such means of transportation of every kind as may be necessary for an efficient and orderly movement of the troops from Texas, prepared for attack of defense against aggression from any source; provided, the troops shall march to the coast, and in detachments of not more than 200, each detachment to be at least three (3) days' march apart, and upon arriving at the point or point or points of embarkation, the teams or means of transportation, with the artillery (if any be taken by the troops), shall be delivered up to the agents authorized to receive and receipt for the same. the remaining portion of the last answer, relating, to the means of transportation, &amp;c., for the officers, their families, servants, and property, is accepted according to its terms.

We are, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

THOMAS J. DEVINE,

P. N. LUCKETT,

S. A. MAVERICK,

Commissioners on behalf of Committee of Public Safety.

Major DAVID H. VINTON,

Major SACKFIELD MACLIN,

Captain R. H. K. WHITELEY,

Military Commissioners, acting on behalf of Major General David E. Twiggs.

The military commission met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Major D. H. Vinton, quartermaster; Major S. Maclin, paymaster; Captain R. H. K. Whiteley, Ordnance Department, on the part of the United States.

The reply of the commissioners of the people of Texas to our communication of the 12th instant was deliberated on, and the following answer returned, viz:

SAN ANTONIO, February 15, 1861.

GENTLEMEN: In acknowledgment of your communication of the 14th instant, wherein you disagree as to certain points in our letter of the 12th instant, the undersigned have the honor to say that the conditions you prescribe for the movement of the Federal troops from Texas will necessarily check, for a short time at least, further conferences with you on that subject, inasmuch as it is one over which we have no control. The commander of the department, whoever he may be, whether acting under his own judgment or by the advice or instructions of his superiors, has exclusive authority in such cases; and to him must we refer the present one, with a report of all our proceedings for his approval or disapproval; and in view of an immediate change of commanders of the Department of Texas, General Twiggs having been superseded by Colonel Waite, all the proceedings of the military commission appointed by the former officer must be submitted for the consideration and sanction of the latter, whose duty it will be to execute whatever measures that may be recommended and adopted under the action of that committee.

The undersigned would respectfully remark that they cannot but regret that the reasons given in objection to the relinquishment of the funds in the hands of Federal disbursing officers have not met with acquiescence on the pat of your commission. They can only hope that, upon reconsideration, your views may undergo a change. Under any circumstances, we trust that the commissions appointed by the Texas committee of safety will exercise their influence to avert violence, either on the part of any irregular forces or organized military parties of whatsoever size. Believing that everything may be done in a manner honorable to the present contending parties and for

