
JOINT RESOLUTIONS concerning the Convention of the People of Texas, called in pursuance of the bill of rights.

Whereas the People of Texas, being much concerned for the preservation of the rights, liberties, and powers of the State and its inhabitants, endangered by the political action of a majority of the States, and the people of the same, have, in the exercise of powers reserved to themselves inthe bill of rights, called Convention, composed of two members for each representative in the legislature form the various districts established by the apportionment law of 1860, to assemble on the 28th day of January, 1861, at the city of Austin, which Convention, by the terms of the call made by numerous assemblages of citizens in various parts of the State to the Union, and such other matters be determined by said Convention that it is necessary for the preservation of the rights and liberties aforesaid that the sovereignty of Texas should resume the powers delegated to the Federal Government in the Constitution of the United States and by the articles of annexation, then the ordinance of said Convention resuming said delegated powers and repealing the ratification by the people of Texas of said articles of annexation should be submitted to a vote of the qualified electors of this State for their ratification or rejection: Therefore,

1. Be it resolved by the legislature of the State of Texas, That the government of the State of Texas hereby gives its assent to and approves of the Convention aforesaid.

2. That this resolution take effect and be in force from and after its passage.

With a protest against the assumption of any powers on the part of said Convention beyond the reference of the question of a longer connection of Texas with the Union to the people.

Approved, 4th February, 1861.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Austin, Tex., February 5, 1861.

I, the undersigned, secretary of state of the State of Texas, do hereby certify that the above and foregoing is a correct copy of the original joint resolution on file in the department of state.

Given under my hand and the seal of the department of state the day and year first above written.

[With the seal.]

W. CAVE,

Secretary of State.

[Inclosure No. 4.]

THE STATE OF TEXAS, County of Travis:

By virtue of the authority vested in the committee of public safety, as will appear by the accompanying resolutions, adopted by the Convention assembled, at the city of Austin, on the 28th day of January, 1861, you, Thomas J. Devine, Samuel A. Maverick, P. N. Luckett, and J. H. Rorgers, are hereby appointed commissioners to visit Major-General twiggs, commanding the Eighth Division, stationed at San Antonio, and confer with him, and in the same and by the authority of the people of Texas, in Convention assembled, to demand, receive, and receipt

