
of transportation of every kind as may be necessary for an efficient and orderly movement of the troops, prepared for attack or defense against aggressions from any source.

The troops will carry with them provisions as far as the coast.

By order of Brevet Major-General Twiggs:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 16.]

CIRCULAR.] SAN ANTONIO, February 18, 1861.

The undersigned, commissioners on the part of the State of Texas, fully empowered to exercise the authority under taken by them, have formally and solemnly agreed with Bvt. Major General David E. Twiggs, U. S. Army, commanding the Department of Texas, that the troops of the United States shall leave the soil of the State by the way of the coast; that they shall take with them the arms of the respective corps, including the battery of light artillery at Fort Duncan and the battery on the same character at Fort Brown, and shall be allowed the necessary means for regular and comfortable movement, provisions, tents, &amp;c., and transportation.

It is the desire of the commission that there shall be no infraction of this agreement on the part of the people of the State. It is their wish, on the contrary, that every facility shall be afforded the troops. They are our friends. They have heretofore afforced to our people all the protection in their power, and we owe them every consideration.

The public property at the various posts, other than that above recited for the use of the troops, will be turned over to agents to be appointed by the commission, who will give due and proper receipts for the whole to the officers of the Army whom they relieve from the custody of the public property.

THOS. J. DEVINE,

P. N. LUCKETT,

S. A. MAVERICK,

Commissioners on behalf of Committee of Public Safety.

No. 2. Report of Captain R. H. K, Whiteley, U. S. Ordnance Department, of the seizure of the U. S. Arsenal at San Antonio, Tex.

TEXAS ARSENAL,

San Antonio, February 16, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that the troops of Texas entered San Antonio early this morning, and have taken possession of the arsenal and all public storehouses in the city. No property has been disturb to this hour (1 o'clock p. m.), and I think matters will remain in statu quo until the 2nd proximo, when an agent will be sent by the convention of the people of Texas to receive and receipt for public property.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. K. WHITELEY,

Captain of Ordnance.

Colonel H. K. CRAIG,

Chief of Ordnance Department, Washington City, D. C.

