
movement, I have to request that the Quartermaster's Department be directed to furnish on my requisition the necessary means of transportation.

I am, major, with much respect, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, First Infantry.

Major W. A. NICHOLS, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters Department of Texas, San Antonio.

CAMP COOPER, TEXAS,

February 14, 1861.

SIR: I have just received information from a source which cannot be doubted that a force is concentrating about this post for the purpose of attacking us, and of taking possession of the public property here. This force is concentrating about the camp - coming in by small parties. An express passed thirty near here yesterday, and the herdsman saw several about the herd yesterday. I shall use what force and vigilance we can to protect ourselves and property.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. D. CARPENTER,

Captain, First Infantry, Commanding Post.

Major NICHOLS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, February 26, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a statement of the number of troops serving in the Department of Texas, and have to request that transportation may be furnished for them for Indianola and Brazos Santiago to such posits as the Lieutenant-General commanding the Army shall direct. My arrangements are that the Third Infantry and two companies of the Second Cavalry shall embark at the Brazos, and that the remaining eight companies of the Second Cavalry, the five companies of the First Infantry, and the nine companies of the Eighth Infantry shall proceed to Indianola, and take shipping at the Brazos, and that the remaining eight companies of the Second Cavalry, the five companies of the First Infantry, and the nine companies of the Eighth Infantry shall proceed to indianola, and take shipping at that place. I have estimated for the full allowance of officers' servants and laundresses, not knowing the exact number there are. I have no doubt there will be the full number of laundresses. Each transport should be supplied with a sufficient quantity of provisions, water, and fuel for the voyage, as it will not be sage to depend upon the resources of Texas for any of the articles required. It is very important that I should know as early as possible the time the transports will be on the cost, their tonnage, extent of supplies, and the number of troops that each one will be directed to received on board, in order that I may have the troops at the points of embarkation, and may be enabled to apportion them understandingly. The difficulty of subsisting them, after a movement is commenced, owing to the limited means of transportation, renders it necessary to retain the companies at their posts as long as possible.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army, New York.

