
B from Sumter battery from 9 o'clock to 11 and from 1 to 3 on Friday, and from 12 to the end of the firing on Saturday. Detachments from Company A were engaged during both days in supplying the hot shot for the guns. The officers were at Sumter battery during the whole engagement.

The conduct of both men and officers under me deserves the highest commendation. All behaved so well that it would be invidious to mention names. I beg to ask that the thanks of the officers of this command may be tendered to Mr. F. Blake, who volunteered to assist the officers in the arduous duties devolving upon them on account of the smallness of their numbers. The zeal, ability, and gallantry displayed by him deserve the highest commendation.

The men who were at the battery during the night of the 12th were exposed to a violent storm, but submitted with cheerfulness to all their hardships. During the whole engagement the channel battery was manned, ready for the fleet.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. WAGNER,

First Lieutenant Company A, Bat. Art., S. C. A.

W. R. CALHOUN,

Captain Company A, Bat. Art., S. C. A.

Numbers 19. Report of Lieutenant Alfred Rhett, commanding detachment Company B, Battalion Artillery, South Carolina Army.

FORT SUMTER, April 17, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to draw your attention to the coolness and meritorious conduct of the following non-commissioned officers and privates of Company B, under my command, displayed during the recent bombardment of Fort Sumter: Sergeants Schaffer and Edwards, Corporals Fullum and Pettigru, and Privates McGill and Randall. The whole command, indeed, behaved well.

I have the honor to remain, colonel, very respectfully,

ALFRED RHETT,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment Company B.

Lieutenant Colonel R. S. RIPLEY.

Numbers 20. Report of Lieutenant Jacob Valentine, commanding enfilading battery.

DEAR SIR: According to General Orders Numbers 20 I send a report of the firing from and against the enfilade battery and the conduct of the officers and men under my command. Number of shots fired from battery, 611. The object of our firing was to sweep the crest of the parapet, the roofs of the quarters within Fort Sumter, to dismount the barbette guns, if practicable, and to drive the enemy from the parapet. The latter object was accomplished. At this distance it is impossible to discern accurately the result of the firing. The firing from Frot

