
[Inclosure C4.]

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., February 26, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I was this morning forcibly dispossessed of my office, including my public funds and official records and papers, by an armed force represented to be under the personal command of one of the commissioners of the committee of safety of the State of Texas. On attempting to enter my office, after such possession had been taken, I was warned by a sentinel stationed over the door that admittance was not allowed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. BLAIR,

Captain and C. S.

The ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, U. S. ARMY,

Department of Texas, San Antonio.

[Inclosure C5.]

OFFICE OF A. A. C. S.,

San Antonio, Tex., February 27, 1861.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that yesterday morning, about 11 o'clock, my clerk was ordered out of my office by Dr. P. N. Luckett, on of the commissioners of the Texan Convention, and a man with a musket in this hand posted as a sentinel over the office. About 12 m. yesterday, not knowing what was the matter, I attempted to enter my office, and was peremptorily ordered not to enter by the above-mentioned man with a musket. This morning I am informed by the man walking in front of my office door with a musket in his hand that myself and clerk have permission to go into my office. I have received no official information of the authority by which my offence was closed, and by which my books, papers, and other articles of private property were, without explanation, forcibly taken from my charge and possession.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. G. WILLIAMS,

First Lieutenant, First Infantry, A. A. C. S.

Major W. A NICHOLS, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Department of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.

[Inclosure D1.]

SAN ANTONIO, February 28, 1861.

This is to certify that Captain W. B. Blair, commissary of subsistence, having produced to the undersigned a statement of the public funds, evidences of the same, nd the amounts of credits in favor of his office, together with the amount due citizens of Texas for supplies furnished on account of his office, and it being understood and agreed to by Captain W. B. Blair and the undesigned that he will, to the extent of the means on land, or that may hereafter come into his control, liquidate without delay the claims of the citizens aforesaid; that the undersigned will not interfere with, or permit any interference with, such funds or credits as are now or may hereafter come into his possession or into the State of Texas for his disbursement or control, so far as it may be in the power of the undersigned to prevent any interference or attempt to interfere with said funds or credits on hand or in transitu. It being understood and agreed to by both parties that should any surplus of existing means or credits remain after the payments of said debts, and the furnishing

