
necessary supplies for the troops, that the surplus so remaining shall be turned over to the undersigned or such other commissioners as may represent the State of Texas in the premises.

THOS. J. DEVINE,

S. A. MAVERICK,

P. N. LUCKETT,

Commissioners on behalf of Committee of Public Safety.

W. B. BLAIR,

Captain, C. S., U. S. Army.

[Inclosure D2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, March 2, 1861.

GENTLEMEN: I here repeat in writing the substance of the remarks made verbally to you yesterday wit respect to the funds on hand, the existing debts of the United States Quartermaster's Department, and those which may accrue during the stay of the United States troops within the limits of the State of Texas.

That I will exert the full extent of my authority to cause to be paid to the citizens of Texas all just demands they may hold against the United States pertaining to the Quartermaster's Department, or that may hereafter be contracted by said Department, so far as the funds on hand will permit; and, further, that, it having been ascertained that the available funds on hand are not sufficient to liquidate the present outstanding demands, I will cause an estimate to be made for such further sums as may be deemed sufficient, it being understood and agreed to by said commissioners that such sums as may be necessary for the hire of teamsters, lighters, the purchase and delivery of forage, fuel, and other supplies, and to meet all the expenditures necessary for the hire of teamsters, lighters, the purchase and delivery of forage, fuel, and other supplies, and to meet all the expenditures necessary for a "regular and comfortable movement" of the troops on their march from their present station to the coast, and to enable them to embark, shall be retained and held subject to such expenditure.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

Messrs. THOS. J. DEVINE,

P. N. LUCKETT,

S. A. MAVERICK,

Commissioners on behalf of Committee of Public Safety, San Antonio.

Approved by the undersigned commission on behalf of committee of public safety.

THOMAS J. DEVINE.

S. A. MAVERICK.

P. N. LUCKETT.

SANT ANTONIO, TEX., March 2, 1861.

We, the commissioners on behalf of the committee of public safety, will place at the disposal of the commanding officer of the troops in Texas such means of transportation as are at our command, to be used by said troops in transporting their baggage, provisions, forage, and other supplies to such points on the coast as have been selected for embarkation.

THOS. J. DEVINE,

S. A. MAVERICK,

P. N. LUCKETT,

Commission on behalf of Committee of Public Safety.

