
from the confused condition of affairs in this department, the interference of the commissioners, and my having but a limited control over the means necessary to move the troops.

I am now concentrating the troops at a camp established at Green Lake, some twenty miles from Indianola, the nearest point to the coast where pure water, fuel, and good grazing can easily be obtained.

By my present arrangements I think I shall be able to assemble by the 10th of April and have ready for the transports some forty-five officers and thirteen hundred men, and by the 10th of May I hope to have the remainder of the troops in a position ready to embark. All the troops will embark at Indianola.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, Commanding Department.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, March 16, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward herewith a copy of a letter received from Major C. C. Sibley, Third Infantry, reporting the movements of the troops on the Rio Grande. The distance from Fort McIntosh to Fort Brown is about two hundred and thirty miles, and Major Sibley's command may be expected to arrive at the latter place about the 24th instant.

I have not recently received any official information of the condition of affairs at Fort Brown, but, from the reports which have reached me, do not anticipate an difficulty with the State troops.

Colonel Bonneville being out of the department, and Colonel Backus having received a leave of absence on account of his health, the command of the Third Infantry will devolve on Major Sibley.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, Commanding Department.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS, Assistant Adjutant-General,

Army Headquarters, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS FRONT McINTOSH, TEX.,March 11, 1861.

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 11th instant, with other packages. I have to state in reply that, in compliance with instructions from the General-in-Chief, communicated by Major F. J. Porter, assistant adjutant-general, on the 4th instant, from Fort Brown, I shall commence the march on Fort Brown to-morrow morning. I have the transportation provided for the movement. Major Porter states that funds are provided at Fort Brown to defray expenses of transportation, and urges me to hasten my march. Doubtless he has communicated with the commander of the department in the matter.

Lieutenant Davis, A. A. 	Q. M., is turning over the property which does not move with the command to Mr. Charles Callaghan, who is the

