
To this report the following affidavit is attached, viz:

STATE OF TEXAS,

County of Bexar:

Personally appeared before me the undersigned subscribers, and after being duly sworn say that the foregoing report is correct, and that the amount was said to be over $30,000, in gold and silver coin, contained in seven large boxes and two bags, and money acquired by requisition by Major Maclin, paymaster, U. S. Army, and for which he was accountable.

W. M. EDGAR,

Captain A. C. Guards, Texas Service.

M. SPALDING GORD,

First Lieutenant, A. C. Guards, Texas Service.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 18th day of March, 1861.

Witness my hand and official seal, at San Antonio, the day and year last above written.

[L. S.]

JULIUS HORNER,

Notary Public, Bexar County.

In addition to the above, I remark that the seven boxes mentioned in the affidavit contained three thousand dollars each.

Immediately after the money arrived at my house the boxes were thrown out of the ambulances in the back yard. Before they were moved the commissioner of the State of Texas demanded them. In reply to the demand, I declared that if I had the force he should not have a dollar of the money. The soldiers then took possession of the boxes. The commissioner then made a further demand for the gold, which was also taken possession of. As far as I am informed, the money is still remaining in the hands of the authorities of the State of Texas.

I have neglected to say that Lieutenant Thomas M. Jones proceeded to New Orleans, under the orders of Major General D. E. Twiggs, and procured the money from the assistant United States treasurer, on a check drawn by me on the 9th of February, 1861. I believe this statement contains all the facts in relation to the seizure of the public money alluded to in the assistant adjutant-general's note of the 9th instant, and which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

SACKFIELD MACLIN,

Late Paymaster, U. S. Army.

Colonel C. A. WAITE,

U. S. Army, San Antonio, Tex.

[Inclosure No. 7.]

OFFICE OF THE COMMISSIONERS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS,

San Antonio, March 22, 1861.

SIR: In reply to your communication of the 12th instant, in relation to the seizure and retention of the money brought here by Captain Thomas M. Jones, late of the U. S. Army, I can state that we have not retained the money, but have been paying out, and are still willing to pay it out, strictly according to the principles expressed to you in previous communications.

The Convention has indorsed the seizure. It is, therefore, not in my power to turn over the funds to any of your agents.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

P. N. LUCKETT,

Commissioner of the State of Texas.

Colonel C. A. WAITE,

U. S. Army, San Antonio, Tex.

