
Asst. Surg. E. P. Langworthy, Medical Department.

Pay,aster D. McClure.

Captain K. Garrard, Second Cavalry.

Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel D. T. Chandlier, Third Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel W. Hoffman, Eighth Infantry.

Bvt. Major J. T. Sprague, Captain, Eighth Infantry.

Lieutenant E. L. Hartz, Eighth Infantry.

Lieutenant E. W. H. Read, Eighth Infantry.

Major D. H. Vinton, Quartermaster's Department, was subsequently arrested, and is now on parole.

On being arrested, the officers were told that they must remain in confinement under a guard, or give their parole not to take up arms or serve in the field against the Confederate States, during the existence of the present hostilities, unless exchanged.

After mature reflection, and a careful examination of the peculiar circumstances under which they were placed, the latter alternative was accepted.

The main reasons which induced the officers to come to this conclusion were, that in their then condition they could perform no duty, nor be of the least service to the Government. By rejoining the Army they could be assigned to many important duties, the performance of which would not be incompatible with their parole, and thus still render some service to their country.

In justice to the officers, I must here state that great exertions were made and the most flattering inducements were held out by agents of the Confederate States for them to resign and enter that service. These officers having resisted these temptations, to which so many others yielded, is strong proof of their devotion to their country, and merits the favorable consideration of the Government.

I have reliable information (not official) that seven companies, under Major Sibley, Third Infantry, viz, two companies of the First, three companies of the Third, and two companies of the Eighth Infantry, were captured on the 23rd ultimo off Indianola, and were immediately paroled and permitted to sail for New York. There are six companies of the Eighth Infantry, under Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Reeve, which it is believed have also been captured. The last information (official) received from them was dated the 16th of April. At that time they were near Fort Lancaster. The impossibility of sending an express through the country for several weeks previous to my leaving San Antonio prevented my having more definite information in relation to this command.

Letter marked A will indicate the course adopted towards the captured troops, and documents marked B and C will explain the circumstances under which we were made prisoners.

In conclusion, permit me to express the hope and anxious desire of the officers on parole that they may be exchanged as early as practicable, and may be permitted to take an active part in the military operations.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel First Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army.

