
"Gentlemen, will you go over to Colonel Waite's quarters with me?" Colonel Chandler replied, "We are your prisoners, and will go if your order us." Captain Wilcox then said, "You remain here." He then left the room, and the officers remained in it, under charge of a guard, until Captain Wilcox returned after arresting Colonel Waite, when they were marched, under charge of the guard, to Major Maclin's office, in company with other officers who had been taken prisoners.

No. 8. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Gouv. Morris, First U. S. Infantry, of the surrender of Fort Chadbourne.
HEADQUARTERS FORT CHADBOURNE, TEX.,February 28, 1861.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you, that in compliance with General Orders No. 5, dated Headquarters Department of Texas, February 18, 1861, I have this day entered into a written agreement with Colonel H. E. McCulloch (commissioner of the part of Texas for this district), to deliver to him the public property at this post, when and as soon as transportation can be sent here to move this command to the coast. I therefore earnestly request that you will cause to be dispatched for this purpose twelve wagons, if the supplies have to be transported the whole way; but if drawn at San Antonio, or other points on the route, ten wagons in addition to the three now at the post will answer. Even this may be considered an unusual allowance of transportation; but if it is considered that there are to be moved one lieutenant-colonel, one captain, one assistant surgeon with the rank of captain, one second lieutenant, one chaplain and their servants, consisting of one man, four women, and three children (slaves), Company G, First Infantry, laundresses and children belonging to it, together with a detachment of Company I, First Infantry, with laundresses of some company, and the hospital matron and stores, as also the records of the post, the requisition cannot be deemed extravagant, or more than is required to move the command as stipulated by treaty. The treaty in question does not state which party shall the necessary transportation to enable the troops to vacate Texas, and I therefore make this requisition on the commander of the department, and the commissioner has agreed with me to make the same requisition to the commissioners on the part of Texas at San Antonio.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GOUV. MORRIS,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Infantry, Commanding.

Colonel C. A. WAITE,

First Infantry, Commanding Department of Texas,

San Antonio, Tex.

