
[Inclosure.]

CAMP COLORADO, TEX., February 25, 1861.

On the 22nd day of this month, Henry E. McCulloch, as the commissioner appointed by the Convention of Texas to negotiate with the officers of the U. S. Army for the delivery of their arms, public property, &amp;c., of the Government in their hands to the State of Texas, and the transportation of the troops out of Texas, called on Captain E. Kirby Smith, Second Cavalry, commanding this post, and demanded the surrender of the same, with its arms, munitions of war, and every kind of public property belonging to the Government of the United States, and the said McCulloch, as commissioner, and Smith, as commander, entered into a negotiation different from that agreed upon by the commissioners at San Antonio and General Twiggs, but having received official information of the said agreement entered into at San Antonio, have agreed to conform to it, and now stipulate in accordance with it, neither asking nor yielding anything more or less, and both agreeing that, as far as it is in their power, it shall be fully and fairly carried into effect on their part.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Captain, Second Cavalry, Commanding Post.

H. E. McCULLOCH,

Commissioner, and Colonel Commanding Northwestern Frontier, Texas.

No. 10. Report of Major C. C. Sibley, Third U. S. Infantry, of the evacuation of Fort McIntosh, Tex.

CAMP WITHERELL, MOUTH OF THE RIO GRANDE, TEXAS,

April 9, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith, inclosed, a post return of the troops at Fort McIntosh, Tex., on the 12th of March, on which day the post was evacuated and the command marched on Fort Brown, Tex., in obedience to letter of Major F. J. Porter, assistant adjutant-general, of the 4th of March, 1861. The public property left behind was turned over to Mr. C. Callaghan, the agent of the commissioners of the State of Texas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SIBLEY,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army.

No. 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Electus Backus, Third U. S. Infantry, of the evacuation of Fort Brown, Tex.

BROWNSVILLE, TEX., March 30, 1861.

COLONEL: On the 20th instant I abandoned the post of Fort Brown, Tex., and gave it in possession to Mr. H. B. Waller, agent and attorney for E. B. Nichols, commissioner for the State of Texas. Our national

