
flag was saluted by Captain Bowman's company, Third Infantry, as it was hauled down, and a police force from Brownsville took possession of the fort and held it until the arrival of the State troops. I think six companies marched in during the day. All but three have left for different stations.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. BACKUS,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Infantry, Commanding.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

No. 12. Report of Bvt. Major O. L. Shepherd, Third U. S. Infantry, of the evacuation of Fort Duncan, Tex.
HEADQUARTERS FORT DUNCAN, TEX.,March 20, 1861.

SIR: I respectfully report that this post was evacuated by the troops of the United States to-day, about midday. The public property has been turned to Mr. John C. Crawford, agent for the State of Texas. in pursuance of Department Orders, No. 44, dated March 8, 1861.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. L. SHEPHERD,

Captain, Third Infantry, Brevet Major, Commanding Post.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

No. 13. Reports of Major C. C. Sibley, Third U. S. Infantry, of the surrender of his command at Saluria, Tex.
HDQRS. BAT. FIRST, THIRD, AND EIGHTH INFANTRY,Saluria, Tex., April 25, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor that I have this morning surrendered this battalion, consisting of two companies of the First Infantry, with the adjutant and non-commissioned staff and band of the same regiment, three companies of the Third and two companies of the Eighth Infantry, including nine officers, to the forces of the Confederate States under the command of Colonel Earl Van Dorn.

Two unsuccessful attempts have been made by me to escape with this command, the Star of the West (transport) having been captured before we were able to reach her anchorage, off Matagorda Bay, and on the night of the 24th of April three steamers, having some eight hundred men and some pieces of artillery on board, coming down the bay, and taking up such a position as to prevent our retreat in the two small schooners in which we were endeavoring to make our escape, and a fourth steamer, with some four hundred men, one 24 and two 6 pounder pieces of artillery, having early in the morning of the 25th taken up a position to prevent our escape by running out of the bay, I was obliged to capitulate under the most favorable terms which I could obtain.

36 R R

