
The shores of this bay are extremely low and partially inundated, and the channel seems to be nearly one mile from the land. The pilots have constantly refused us both information and material assistance.

It is extremely unfortunate that the steamer Mohawk had left the coast at this time, as its presence might have saved us from this humiliating disaster.

It affords me pleasure, great pleasure, to state the officers and men of my command have shown the most unwavering loyalty to the Government, the men, with two exceptions, having taken the oath necessary for their return to the United States.

I inclose herewith a copy of the terms of the capitulation; also copy of the parole given by the officers and the oath administered to the men. On my arrival with the command in New York I shall have the honor to make a more full and complete report.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. SIBLEY,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

SALURIA, TEX., April 25, 1861.

Articles of agreement this day entered into between Major C. C. Sibley, of the U. S. Army, on the one part, and Colonel Earl Van Dorn, of the C. S. Army, on the other part, viz:

It is stipulated and agreed to that the United States troops, officers, and men, shall become prisoners of war, with the privilege of giving their paroles of honor if officers, and their oaths if soldiers, not to bear arms or exercise any of the functions of their office, under their commissioners or enlistments, against the Confederate States of America, unless an exchange of prisoners shall be made, or until released by the authority of the President of the Confederate States. The arms and equipments of the men, and all the public property in the possession of the company commanders, to be given up to an agent, appointed for the purpose, on board the transport which shall be employed to convey those who may desire it to the United States; private property to be unmolested.

It is further stipulated and agreed to, that all the officers and men who shall give their paroles and oaths, as above stated, shall be allowed to pass unmolested through the Confederate States of America, by the way of Galveston and up the Mississippi River to any point they may see fit to go within the limits of the United States of America, or by any other route they may see fit to take.

C. C. SIBLEY,

Major Third Infantry, Commanding Troops.

EARL VAN DORN,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding Troops.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

SALURIA, TEX., April 25, 1861.

To the authorities of the Confederate States of America:

I give my world of honor as an officer and a gentleman that I will not bear arms nor exercise any of the functions of my office under my commission from the President of the United States, against the Confederate States of America, during the existence of the war between the said Confederate and United States, unless I shall be exchanged for another

