
With increased admiration for your own individual courage and efficiency on these two eventful days, I remain, dear sir, your obedient servant,

G. B. CUTHBERT,

Captain Palmetto Guard.

W. G. DE SAUSSURE,

Colonel, Commanding Battalion of Artillery.

PALMETTO GUARD ENCAMPMENT,

Morris Island, April 20, 1861.

DEAR SIR: I write to make an addition to the report which you received yesterday. Please incorporate the following:

Private Gourding Young volunteered to accompany Colonel Wigfall in a small boat when the latter gentleman was instructed to proceed to Fort Sumter on the fall of the United States flag, for the purpose of inquiring into the cause of that circumstance and to propose a surrender of the fortification. During the passage from Morris Island, amid an incessant fire of shell and grape, he displayed that coolness and determination characteristic of a true South Carolinian. Upon his return he was borne upon the shoulders of his fellow-comrades to the Iorn battery.

With great respect, I remain yours, very truly,

G. B. CUTHBERT.

Colonel W. G. DE SAUSSURE.

Numbers 22. Report of Captain J. Gadsden King, commanding Marion Artillery.

SIR: In accordance with your order I beg to report that the Trapper battery on Morris Island, which was manned by the Marion Artillery, under my command, open fire on Fort Sumter at 4 a. m. of Friday, the 12th instant, and continued firing in its turn, at the rate of one shell from each mortar, or three from the battery, every thirty-two minutes, until about 2 o'clock p. m., when the order was given to slack the fire and to fire at double the intervals, or at in interval of four minutes between each mortar in the harbor, which was obeyed until dark, or 7 o'clock, when the firing was reduced to a shell every twenty minutes until 4 1/2 a. m. of Saturday, the 13th instant, when the fire was resumed at the rate of a shell every four minutes until the fort was set on fire by a shell fired form the mortar Numbers 3 of the battery worked by my command, upon which the fire was quickened by order of Colonel Wigfall, an aid of General Beauregard, until the fort was in flames, at which time I was ordered to slacken the fire and to fire at the rate of one shell every four minutes as before, until it was seen that the west and south buildings of the for alone were going to burn, upon which your ordered me to increase my fire and to drop my shell upon the eastern buildings of the fort, in order to set them on fire. This I tire dot do, and at the fifth discharge from my mortars the mortar Numbers 2 of my battery dropped a shell through the roof of the eastern quarters, as I had ordered, and so set them on fire, thus burning the quarters.

On Friday I twice thought that shells from my battery set the fort on fire, but I am not sure. During the burning of the fort I had the fuse of my shells cut to its full length, so as to allow the shells to fall

