
of the Confederate States the infantry companies at Fort Brown, and put the senior officer in command, with letter of instructions for his guidance.

Having the highest opinion of your ability and discretion, I turn over the command of the Rio Grande line to you with perfect confidence that that section of our frontier will be well guarded.

With the best wishes of your health and good fortune, I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel J. S. FORD,

Commanding Troops on the Rio Grande, Fort Brown, Texas.

No. 17. Report of Captain James Duff, Texas troops, of the capture of a company of Eighth U. S. Infantry near San Antonio, Tex.

SAN ANTONIO, TEX., April 23, 1861.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that agreeably to special orders from your headquarters I intercepted, with my company of citizen volunteers, this morning, at 6 o'clock, Captain A. T. Lee's company of the Eighth U. S. Infantry, under the command of Lieutenant E. W. H. Read, of that regiment, and in the name of the Confederate States of America demanded the unconditional surrender of the company as prisoners of war. Mr. Read asked to be allowed to consult with his commanding officer (Colonel Waite) before making answer to my demand. To this-knowing that the colonel had no troops with which to re-enforce the lieutenant's command-I agreed, and ordered Lieutenant French, of my company, to accompany him to Colonel Waite's quarters.

On his (Lieutenant Read's) return he complied with my demand to surrender, at the same time protesting against my action as being in violation of the treaty stipulations entered into by the authorities of the States of Texas and General Twiggs. The enlisted men of the company are now under my charge. Lieutenant Read will report in person at your office this morning at 10 o'clock.

In making this report, permit me to draw your attention to the great desire evinced by the citizens composing the company which I have the honor to command to show to the world that if we have been hitherto divided in sentiment, we are now, when danger and war threaten us, united. In proof of this I would state that within forty hours from the receipt of the proclamation of war by the Northern Government, and in obedience to a call made by Colonel Van Dorn, they had enrolled their names, organized the company by the election of officers, received one hundred stand of arms accouterments, sworn allegiance to the State of Texas and the Confederate States of America, and cheerfully obeyed and carried out the first order to them as a company-the disarming a company of United States troops.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES DUFF,

Captain, Commanding Company Citizen Volunteers.

Major S. MACLIN,

Commanding Confederate Troops, San Antonio, Tex.

