
and explode in the interior of the fort. The fire was kept up until the flag of Fort Sumter was either burned or shot down, when it was stopped by your order.

The total number of shell fired by the Marion Artillery was one hundred and seventy, of which I feel sure that at least three-fourths either burst on the ramparts or in the fort itself.

Where all behaved so well it is impossible to discriminate between any of them, but I deem it my duty to mention the names of my officers, Lieuts. W. D. H. Kirkwood, J. P. Strohecker, A. M. Huger, and E. L. Parker; Lieutenant Kirkwood and Parker having had immediate charge of the mortars. I also deem it my duty to mention the names of my three gunners, Corporal McMillan King and Privates J. S. and Robert Murdock, who aimed every mortar that was fired from the battery from the beginning of the firing until its close, a period of thirty-four hours, day and night. My thanks are due to the detachment of fifteen men from the Sumter Guards, Captain John Russell, for services rendered during the last three hours of the bombardment.

My warmest thanks and greatest approbation are due to my whole command for the prompt and cheerful manner in which they obeyed every order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. GADSDEN KING,

Captain First Artillery, S. C. M., Commanding Marion Artillery.

Lieutenant Co. W. D. DE SAUSSURE,

Commandant of Batteries.

Numbers 23. Report of Lieutenant J. E. McP. Washington, Battalion of Artillery, South Carolina Army.

CHARLESTON, April 13, 1861.

Fort Johnson.-12.45, flagstaff struck; 1.5, United States flag, Union down, with white flag above. Officer seen on southwest anger with white flag, waved repeatedly. A few moments afterwards a sergeant and twelve men recognized on the parapet. One mortar fired from upper battery before the white flag on Sumter was discovered. Going to Fort Sumter. All firing stopped.

Respectfully,

J. E. MCP. WASHINGTON,

Second Lieutenant, Battalion of Artillery, South Carolina Army.

Numbers 24. Report of Lieutenant C. W. Parker, Company D, First Artillery, South Carolina Army.

SIR: In accordance with orders received from Headquarters South Carolina Army, I have the honor to submit the annexed report of duty performed by the detachment of Company D under my command during the action of the 12th and 13th instants.

Hoping that the efficient, arduous, and willing services rendered by

