
property to uses of their own, assuming to act in behalf of the State, the commanding officer of the post of San Antonio will, in consequence, take the most stringent measures to guard the public stores, and, will arm two 6 pounders with fixed ammunition, and have them in readiness for immediate service.

II. The commanding officer of Camp Verde will send, immediately on receipt of this order, the infantry company under his command, with its most efficient strength, to these headquarters, where it will receive its instructions. A detachment of the cavalry company, under Captain Brackett, will take post at Camp Verde.

III. The commanding officer of Fort Clark will direct two of the infantry companies of his command to repair to these headquarters without delay for temporary service.

IV. The Quartermaster's Department will provide the necessary transportation.

By order of Brevet Major-General Twiggs:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 13. San Antonio, January 28, 1861.

Paragraph III, of Special Orders, No. 10, current series, from these headquarters, ordering two of the infantry companies from Fort Clark to this place, is hereby countermanded. Should the companies be en route, they will at once return on receipt of this order.

By order of Brevet Major-General Twiggs:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, January 23, 1861.

(Received February 2, 1861.)

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Inclosed I transmit a letter from the governor of Texas and my answer. As I do not think any one in authority desires me to carry on a civil war against Texas, I shall, after secession, if the governor repeats his demand, direct the arms and other property to be turned over to his agents, keeping in the hands of the troops the arms they now have. I have asked for instructions as to what I was to do after secession, four times viz, on the 27th ultimo, the 2nd, 7th, and 18th instants, and have received no answer. The troops in this department occupy a line of some twelve hundred miles, and some time will be required to remove them to any place. I again ask, what disposition is to be made of them?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. TWIGGS,

Bvt. Major General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

