
in Texas, and many of the rumors that reach us are no doubt greatly exaggerated. In the present feverish state of the public mind, however, it is impossible to say how far men may go, especially among such a population as is to be found in Texas, and I hold it to be the duty of every commanding officer to be at all times and under all circumstances prepared as far as possible for any every emergency. To this end he must anticipate his wants, and take timely measures to meet them; hence the main reasons for making this application. I think there never has been any artillery at this post.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

C. A. WAITE,

Colonel, First Infantry, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, January 30, 1861.

Colonel H. L. SCOTT, Headquarters of the Army, New York, N. Y.:

Charter a steamer for Key West and the coast of Texas, to take out ordnance and bring back troops. Consult with Mr. Aspinwall. Instructions by mail.

L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, January 31, 1861.

Major General D. E. TWIGGS,

Commanding Officer of Department of Texas, San Antonio:

GENERAL: The General-in-Chief directs that you take immediate measures for replacing the five companies of artillery on the Rio Grande and put them in march for Brazos Santiago, to which place a steamer will be sent to bring them out of Texas. The light companies will take their guns and equipments, but will leave their horses.

I have, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, February 4, 1861.

Bvt. Major General D. E. TWIGGS, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department Texas, San Antonio, Tex.:

GENERAL: Your communication of January 23, 1861, with its inclosures, has been received and laid before the Secretary of War. Those from you of December 27, 1860, the 2nd, 7th, and 18th of January, 1861, have also been received, and were duly submitted to the Secretary.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

