
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,

San Antonio, February 4, 1861.

To the COMMANDING OFFICER of each post in the Department of Texas:

SIR: I am directed by the commanding general of the department to address you as follows:

The secession act has passed the Convention of this State, to take effect the 2nd day of March next. Nothing has been heard at these headquarters as to the disposition of the troops. The general commanding has made five applications for orders or intimation from Washington as to what is to be done, but has received no answer.

You will therefore continue to do duty as usual until further orders, but prepare to move at a short notice, reducing the baggage as much as possible. If the general commanding knew at this time how the troops are to be disposed of, you would be informed, but he does not. He will, however, remain with them until something is done, and attend to their comfort as far as circumstances will permit.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 7, 1861.

Colonel C. A. WAITE, First Infantry,

Commanding Department of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.:

SIR: As notified the 4th instant, a steamer will sail in a few days from New York for Brazos Santiago, calling at Indianola to send you these dispatches, for the five companies of artillery serving on the Rio Grande. It is expected that all of these companies will be at the place of embarkation. On the arrival of the steamer there will be no time lost in getting the troops to their ultimate destination.

To facilitate the movement, Major Fitz John Porter, assistant adjutant-general, will proceed in the steamer to carry out the instructions of the General-in-Chief. He will be supplied with $40,000, pay for the hire of lighters, &amp;c., should it be found necessary.

The light batteries will leave their horses, but bring out their guns. A medical officer will embark with the troops.

I have, &c.,

L. THOMAS.

P. S.-February 11.-Should French's battery have been ordered to San Antonio, the steamer will not be delayed any time for it. It is desirable that the steamer should bring out as many troops, as she can well carry, provided it can be done without delay; and Major Porter has been authorized to order, in the name of the General-in-Chief, infantry companies now at hand to embark with the artillery.

L. THOMAS.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 7, 1861.

Bvt. Major W. H. FRENCH, First Artillery, Fort Duncan, Tex.:

SIR: As the senior officer of the five companies of artillery serving in Texas, the General-in-Chief directs me to say to you that, under the orders of the commander of the Department of Texas heretofore given,

