
the men may merit your approbation, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. W. PARKER,

Second Lieutenant, Company D.

Captain W. R. CALHOUN,

Commanding Batteries at Fort Moultrie.

The detachments of Company D, First Artillery, South Carolina Army, Lieutenant Parker commanding, served at Fort Moultrie during the action of the 12th and 13th instants, a follows, viz:

Oblique battery.-April 12, from 9 a. m. to 12 1/2 p. m. April 13, from 9 a. m. to 12 1/2 p. m.

Sumter battery.-April 12, from 3 p. m. to 5 1/4 p. m.

Number of shot and shell fired.-From oblique battery, 110 solid-shot and 5 shell; from Sumter battery, 40 solid-shot.

C. W. PARKER,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Detachment Company D.

Numbers 25. Joint reports of James Chestnut, jr., Lieutenant Colonel A. R. Chisolm, Captain S. D. Lee, and Messrs. John L. Manning, William Porcher Miles, and Roger A. Pryor, aides-de-camp.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES, C. S. A.,Charleston, S. C., April 11, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to the orders of Brigadier-General Beauregard, we left headquarters at 2.20 p. m., charged with a communication from him to Major Anderson, at Fort Sumter, in which we were authorized to demand the evacuation of the fort. We arrived there at 3.45 p. m., under a white flag. Lieutenant Davis, the officer of the day, received us very politely, and on being informed that we had a message in writing for Major Anderson which we desired to deliver in person to the officer in command of the fort, conducted us into the presence of Major Anderson. We were welcomed by the major with great courtesy, who, after receiving and reading our communication, left us to consult with his officers. About 4.30 he again joined us, bringing his reply, the contents of which he stated to us, after which, and but a short time before departing, we held a short conversation with him, in the course of which he made the following remarks: "Gentlemen, if you do not batter the fort to pieces about us, we shall be starved out in a few days." These words, under the circumstances, seemed to have much significance, and to be of sufficient importance to induce us to report them particularly. We took leave of Major Anderson and the fort at 4.40 p. m., and reached the city at 5.10 p. m. We verbally reported immediately at headquarters the substance of what is written above.

All of which is respectfully submitted for the information of the brigadier-general commanding.

JAMES CHESTNUT, JR.,

Aide-de-Camp.

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Captain C. S. Army, Aide-de-Camp.

A. R. CHISOLM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

Major D. R. JONES,

Adjutant-General of the Provisional Forces, C. S. A., Charleston, S. C.

