
2. Fort Clark, for Fort McIntosh, Ringgold Barracks, and other posts on or near the Lower Rio Grande-a rendezvous for some three companies of cavalry and ten of infantry.

3. San Antonio, for the troops there in depot, and at Fort Inge-a rendezvous, as at present known, of one company of cavalry and two of infantry, but probably strengthened by additional companies from other stations.

4. Camp Cooper, or Fort Belknap, on the overland mail route, for the troops at Forts Chadbourne and Mason, Camps Colorado Ives-a rendezvous for six companies of cavalry and three of infantry.

The lines of march from these centers would probably all be on Fort Arbuckle, through Fort Belknap, and thence through the Indian country, and west of the State of Arkansas, to Fort Leavenworth. These lines of march, will, of course, not be regarded as fixed, but be varied by you according as you may judge proper.

It is supposed that at each post there is a sufficiency of transportation for the baggage and supplies of the troops, but all the transportation within the department, including the camels, must be put in requisition to make the movement to bring out all the supplies and public property if possible. You will readily see that the private baggage of officers and men must be brought down to the lowest point. Whatever property it may be necessary to leave in the State will be put in possession of officers of the Quartermaster's Department, to be shipped by water to New York. So far as water transportation can with safety be made available, you will prefer it for such public property as lies convenient to the coast.

I have, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS.

P. S.-Timely measures will be taken here to meet the northern movements of troops with supplies and forage, to be forwarded from the Missouri River, in the direction of the Arkansas, say, to some point on or near the Cherokee Country. The troops will probably be obliged to take beef on the hoof with them for a considerable portion of the march.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,San Antonio, February 18, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel L. THOMAS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: On the 15th instant, the order relieving me in command in Texas was received. On the morning of the 16th, some thousand State troops took possession of the public property in this place.

Colonel Waite is absent some sixty miles from here at Camp Verde. I await his arrival to surrender the command to him.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. TWIGGS,

Bvt. Major General, U. S. Army, Commanding Department.

