
from the men after their return to the post. A great many of Burleson's men left him on account of this unlawful proceeding, and he, too, has left his camp for some point unknown.

I hope the good people of Texas will permit us to depart in peace; but many such acts like this one, on their part, will sooner or later bring on a determined resistance.

Yours, truly,

RD. W. JOHNSON.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 36. San Antonio, February 27, 1861.

Department Special Orders, No. 32, of February 24, 1861, are modified as follows:

The garrisons of the posts above Fort Clark, viz, Fort Bliss, Fort Quitman, Fort Davis, Fort Stockton, Fort Lancaster, and Camp Hudson, instead of marching as therein directed, will march upon the coast as soon as the means of transportation shall be received by them.

The public property at the several posts, except what is expressly mentioned in Department General Orders, No. 5, and the circular of the commissioners on behalf of committee of public safety, under date of San Antonio, February 18, 1861, will be turned over to authorized agents of the State of Texas, who will give due and proper receipts for the same. Should, however, any agent on the part of the State fail to appear or any one refuse to give the proper receipts, the commanding officer will call a board of survey, with instructions to make inventories of the property to be abandoned. (See General Orders, No. 22, of 1859, from the War Department.)

by order of Colonel C. A. Waite:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,

No. 8. San Antonio, February 28, 1861.

Commanding officers of posts and others will, when the troops take up the line of march for the coast, turn over the public property in their charge (reserving such especially enumerated in General Orders, No. 5, of February 18, 1861, from these headquarters) to the authorized agents of the State of Texas, who will be duly commissioned by the commissioners on the part of the State to give due and proper receipts for the same.

By order of Colonel C. A. Waite:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF TEXAS,No. 37. San Antonio, February 28, 1861.

I. Companies I, First, and A, Eighth Infantry, now in camp at the head of the San Pedro, will, on the 2nd proximo, proceed, under the command of Bvt. Major L. Smith, captain Eighth Infantry, to Green Lake, some twenty miles from the coast, and encamp there until further instructions. Major Smith will select such position as will be suitable for an encampment of six hundred men.

