
countersign. The officer in command disclaims any intention of occupancy, and the United States flag is undisturbed. I await instructions.

F. C. HUMPHREYS.

CHARLESTON ARSENAL, S. C.,

December 29, 1860.

Captain WM. MAYNADIER,

In charge of Ordnance Bureau, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I reported by telegraph on the 28th instant that this arsenal was surrounded by a body of South Carolina militia, and that myself and the command are not allowed to pass in or out without a countersign. Those in authority disclaim any intention of occupying the post, nor do they molest the flag. I asked for instructions, but have received none.

I protest (the disclaimer notwithstanding) that this post is to all intents and purposes int he possession of the South Carolina troops, and also against the indignity offered me as an officer of the United States Army, to say nothing of the announce the entire command is subjected to by this measure.

I shall, therefore, unless otherwise instructed from the War Department, make a formal protest against the posting of sentinels around this arsenal, and request that they be removed, which, if denied, I shall consider an occupancy of it by the State, and shall haul down my flag and surrender.

I respectfully submit that such a course is proper, and due to myself and the position I occupy as commanding officer.

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

F. C. HUMPHREYS,

Military Storekeeper Ordnance, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

January 1, 1861.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

WM. MAYNADIER,

Captain of Ordnance.

[Inclosure.]

Abstract from muster-roll of F. C. Humphreys, military storekeeper of ordnance, dated to include the 30th day of December, 1860.

Present: Brevet Colonel Benjamin Huger, who assumed command November 20, by order of the Secretary of War, and who was absent under orders from the Adjutant-General's Office, dated December 1, 1860, and assumed his former duty at Pikesville Arsenal, by instructions of the Secretary of War, dated December 15, 1860.

F. C. Humphreys, military storekeeper, who resumed command of post December 7, 1860. Fourteen enlisted men.

F. C. HUMPHREYS,

Military Storekeeper, U. S. ARMY.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

December 30, 1860.

SIR: This arsenal has to-day been taken by force of arms. What disposition am I to make of my command?

F. C. HUMPHREYS.

Captain MAYNADIER,

In charge of Ordnance Bureau.

