
becoming uneasy and restless about their pay, and unless they can be assured at a very early day that they will be paid off, very serious consequences may result.

The great scarcity of means of transportation and the difficulty of hiring it must necessarily cramp the field operations now commencing against the Apaches and render long marches impossible, except for a small body of troops. I earnestly request, therefore, that I may receive at the earliest possible moment the means of paying off the troops and other creditors of the Government, or instructions for my guidance, and additional means of transportation in case it may not be possible to send the funds now imperatively required.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. LORING,

Colonel Regiment Mounted Rifles, Commanding Department.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FORT McLANE, N. MEX., March 11, 1861.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,Headquarters Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe:

SIR: I have the honor that the public ox-train of fifteen wagons from Albuquerque that I reported as having been attacked by Indians at Cook's Spring arrived at this place, and after refitting left for Fort Buchanan on the 25th of February.

On the 5th of March I received reliable information that a party of desperate men from the mines, at the instigation of Mr. Kirk, wagonmaster, had left for the purpose of taking the train and running it into Sonora and selling it. I have ascertained beyond a doubt that they have succeeded; that the train took the road to Janos, the nearest point in Mexico, and had crossed the line before I received the first report. I have also received information that the inhabitants of the mines have formed a plan to attack this post; to capture the public property; take all the arms, &amp;c., from us. They hope to surprise us; but in that they will be mistaken. I shall defend the post unless overpowered by numbers. Their object is plunder, and the report states that when they have captured us they intend to take all the stock of the overland mail. I believe such an attack will be made, and they get some of our animals, as we must send them out to graze.

I shall keep my command here, and cannot furnish escorts, as I shall have no men to spare of this attack is made with their whole force. I consider the preservation of the public property of the first importance.

Very respectfully, &c.,

I. LYNDE,

Major, Seventh Infantry, Commanding.

HDQRS. CAMP ON GREEN LAKE, TEX., April 8, 1861.

Major W. A. NICHOLS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of Texas, San Antonio, Tex.:

MAJOR: I inclose a letter which I received from R. A. Howard, agent of the State, and my answer. They speak for themselves. I was very ill when called upon to make the answer. Every word cost me severe suffering. I did not consult anything but brevity. Delicacy towards the commission would be absurd. I wonder if they know that one of our

