
officers gave all his arms, his company arms, to Colonel Ford, that the colonel might have the means of keeping the scalping-knife from the heads of the people at and near Brownsville. Captain Stoneman absolutely did, upon a touching appeal from Colonel Ford. Notice the circular of the commissioners of the 18th. It says: "Arms of the respective corps."

Your obedient servant,

LARKIN SMITH,

Brevet Major, Commanding.

[Inclosures.]

GREEN LAKE, TEX., April 6, 1861.

Major L. SMITH, U. S. Army, Commanding:

MAJOR: In obedience to instructions, as agent of the State of Texas to receive the public property from the embarking troops, and in accordance with the agreement entered into by General Twiggs and the commissioners of the State of Texas, I most respectfully ask that if there are any United States arms not in the hands of troops they may be turned over to the State of Texas.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D A. HOWARD,

Agent State of Texas.
HDQRS. GREEN LAKE, TEX., April 7, 1861-12 m.

RICHARD A. HOWARD, Agent of State of Texas:

SIR: I have just received yours of the 6th instant. Neither General Twigs nor Colonel Waite had any idea of embracing the company arms in their orders, designating the property ot be delivered to the State authorities. This I am positive is the fact. Were it otherwise, I am not the person to decide such a point. It is strange that the commissioners should instruct you to call on my with such a demand, whey they have the commander of the department in their city.

General Orders, Numbers 5, of February 18, the circular of the Texas commissioners of same date, and General Orders, Numbers 8, of February 28, sustain my position. The latter also designates the place wheat the demand has to be made. I must answer your letter by respectfully denying your premises.

Your letter with this answer will be forwarded to Colonel Waite.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,LARKIN SMITH,

Brevet Major, Commanding.

HDQRS. CAMP ON GREEN LAKE, TEX., April 11, 1861.

Major W. . NICHOLS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. San Antonio, Tex.:

MAJOR: The Empire City will doubtless sail to-morrow morning. Major Sibley still delaying, I have ordered Captain Johnson, Second Cavalry, with the Fort Mason garrison, to report to Major Shepherd. He will do so to-day, and, as the weather is very favorable, the troops will almost certainly embark to-morrow. Captain Johnson will return to camp in case Major Sibley arrives this evening.

There will then be left here for the Star of the West, if Captain Johnson's command goes, Major Sibley's three companies, say 200 persons;

