
You will please explain to the chiefs that he regrets his inability to confer with them in person, but, as other important public considerations detain him here, he sends you to talk to them, because he believes they are really anxious for peace, and he wishes them to understand as soon as possible the terms upon which he is willing to suspend active hostilities, which are as follows:

I. they must agree to discontinue their depredation upon the property and lives of the people of the United States, of this Territory, of Kansas, of Texas, and of all others entitled to the protection of the Government.

II. That the whole nation will be held responsible for the act of any of its members, so that when any of their bad young men steal from or molest any of people, as above specified, under the protection of the Government, the troops will be again sent against the nation, and will attack any portion of it wherever found, unless they promptly make restitution for the property taken or destroyed and give up to the military authorities the marauders.

III. They must keep away from the vicinity of the settlements on the Gallenos, Pecos, Red River, and all other settlements of this Territory; and when they desire to trade or talk with the authorities they must come to Fort Union for the purpose.

IV. They must be made to understand that no persons whatever are authorized to negotiate with them about peace or war except the military commander and his officers or the superintendent of Indian affairs and his agents, and that if they listen to any other people, or act upon what they tell them, they will get into trouble by it.

V. They must be particularly enjoined against acting in a troublesome or threatening manner towards the United States mail on the Independence roads and all passengers or trains passing and repassing over those roads, and advised that it will be prudent for them to keep away from those roads as much as they can.

VI. Explain to them that the Great Father at Washington thinks of establishing a military post on the Canadian River, and somewhere in the vicinity of where you are to hold your conference with them; that he has not yet said whether it must be established there or not, but if he says so it will be done, and then that will be the place for them to come to trade or to talk with the military authorities, instead of Fort Union.

VII. If hey seem honestly desirous to behave peaceably and to observe the above injunctions, you may grant them an armistice for ninety days, to enable them to prove by their acts their good intentions, and at the end of that time another talk will be held with them, provided they have acted in good faith, and peace will be made with them.

In conducting thee negotiations the department commander recommends to you to confer freely with the superintendent of Indian affairs, who proposes to be present and will be associated with you in these negotiations. And he also recommends to your respectful consideration any information or opinions, as to the temper of these Indians or their relations with the people of the Territory, which may be offered to you by Lieutenant A. McRae, of the Rifles, whose opportunities for observing them have been very good, while his excellent intelligence and judgment render his opinions upon all subjects valuable.

I am, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

