HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, May 19, 1861.

Bvt. Major G. R. PAUL,

Seventh Infantry, Commanding Fort Fillmore:

MAJOR: The department commander directs me to express to you his approbation of your course in using a portion of your forces to prevent violence and bloodshed amongst the people in your vicinity.

I inclose herewith an application from the people of Mesilla and from the governor of this territory to the department commander, requesting that troops may be stationed in mesilla for the preservation of lives and property of citizens against lawless combinations too powerful for the civil authorities to resist.*

While the colonel commanding does not think proper to order you to station troops in Mesilla unless you perceive a necessity for it, he wishes you to understand that the instructs full discretion to you in the matter, and that he wishes you, if in your judgment it seems necessary, to use any portion of your command to aid the civil authorities in preventing violence and bloodshed amongst the people.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 20, 1861.

Honorable CALEB B. SMITH, Secretary of the Interior:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 11th instant, calling the attention of this Department to the condition of New Mexico and the danger of invasion from Texas. I take pleasure in saying in reply that the attention of this Department has been duly given to that subject, and that measures have been or will be taken commensurate with its importance.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF NEW MEXICO, NORTHERN DIST.,Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 10, 1861.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Fort Union:

SIR: Information from private sources indicates the possibility of demonstration by the people of Texas against the supply trains on the route to this country from the Missouri River, and the lieutenant-colonel commanding directs that the movements of Company G, Second Dragoons, as directed by Special Orders, Numbers 38, of the 13th instant, be suspended altogether, and that the mounted force of your command be held in readiness for any movement that my be necessary for the protection of the trains. Instructions in detail will be sent to you in a day or two be express.

Very respectfully, sir, &amp;c.,

A. L. ANDERSON,

Second Lieutenant, Fifth Infantry, Act. Asst. Adjt. General

---------------

*Applications not found.

---------------

