
Nature has given us very good defense in our sand banks, but it is important we should have heavier guns, say 68-pounders. One of the committee of the Convention (General Rogers) went to Louisiana to procure guns, but obtained neon but one thousand stand of muskets, which had been altered from flint to percussion locks, and are of but little use; if act, they are not safe. Small-arms, however, may be procured at Saint Antonio. I have written to the Convention on the subject. I am preparing to place in battery on the beach what guns we have, but they will be of little use against heavy metal.

Another subject I would call to your attention. I learned last evening that our Convention had passed a resolution to the effect that all vessels belonging to the Federal Government coming to our ports to convey away troops should not be molested. Of course they passed this resolution previous to receiving Mr. Lincoln's inaugural.

The question now to consider is, whether it would be good policy to allow these troops, fully armed and equipped as they are, to go to any post they may think proper held by the Federal troops, or shall they be required to go direct to New Orleans?

Allow me also to call your attention to Lieutenant Stevens, late of the United States Engineer Corps. He has resigned his commission, and now offers his services to the State or Confederacy. he has serviced upward of ten years as lieutenant, and in 1862, by the Army Regulations, he will be entitle dot a captaincy. he is now aiding me in superintending the placing of our battery.

In great haste, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

S. SHERMAN,

Commandant of Galveston.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Austin, Tex., March 13, 1861.

Honorable L. POPE WALKER:

SIR: Your letter of March 2nd [1st] has been received by his Excellency Governor Houston, and I am instructed to reply.*

The people of Texas, by their vote on the 23rd ultimo, having severed their connection with the United States, Texas, on the 2nd day of March, the present month, assumed once again the position of a sovereign and independent State. No act of the people since that period, and certainly none anterior to it, has warranted the construction that Texas is other than independent. Your letter of March 2, however, informs his excellency that the President of the Confederate States "assumes control of all military operations in this State." The inference, therefore, is that Texas is regarded as one of the Confederate States, and as much subject to the Provisional Government established for the same.

While Texas has by the vote of a majority of the people determined to resume once again the nationality with which she parted on becoming annexed to the Federal Union, her position before the world, and especially in relation to the Confederate States, seems to be misunderstood. This may arise from the fact that the Convention which assembled in Austin on the 28th day of January last, and has since ressembeld, elected seven delegates to the Convention of seceding States at Montgomery,

---------------

*Reference is to a circular informing the governors of the several States that, under an act to raise Provisional Forces, &amp;c., the President of the Confederate States "assumes control of all military operations in your State having reference to, or connected with, questions between your State and powers foreign to it," &c. The circular and law referred to will appear in Vol. I, 4th Series.

---------------

