
administration of President Pierce, and when General Davis was Secretary of war, a high appointment in the Second Regiment of Cavalry. He is so well known to the President, however, that it would be superfluous to say anything to call his attention to his merits as an officer. If I have been appointed colonel of Cavalry, as I have hard, it would be very gratifying to me to have him appointed lieutenant-colonel in my regiment.

Lieutenant T. Washington has tendered his resignation, and has written to you by Major Smith, offering his services to the Southern Army. He was aide-de-cam to General Twiggs until the general left Texas, and was the adjutant of his regiment. He was also for a while the acting assistant adjutant-general at department headquarters. These positions, assigned him by his superior officers will speak more in his behalf than anything I can say. He desires an appointment in the Quartermaster's Department or Adjutant-General's Department. He is well qualified to fill either station.

I think I shall have no difficulty in securing many of the troops and officers. I leave in a few minutes for the Green Lake camp. The Army, I am told by Major Smith, is strongly for the South, and he has no doubt but that the troops would all like to go with us if they had the opportunity.

Very respectfully, sir, I am, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

AUSTIN, TEX., March 26, 1861.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS, President, &amp;c.:

SIR: On yesterday the Convention adjourned. On Saturday last, 23rd instant, the ordinance of ratification was passed-made a finality, with but one dissenting vote.

I would draw your particular attention to the state of the former U. S. Army within this State. An impression had grown up before my arrival that the rank and file of the Army was not desired by the President of the Confederate States, and nothing has been done to obtain their services in the Army of the Confederate States. I am satisfied from authentic sources that a large majority of the Second Cavalry could be obtained if the proper officer was here. you are aware, and certainly much better informed than I am, of the effect of discipline and the esprit de corps that exists even among the privates of any regular army. In addition to that, I am sure that our State service can afford no inducements, not only on account of the want of permanency, but really the want of respect and antagonism they feel to militia, volunteers, ad uneducated officers. In addition, they feel some mortification as to their capitulation and the terms by which they feel they are expelled by Sate force from our territory.

I feel satisfied if Colonel Van Dorn was here holding the command, even through the necessities or requirements of the service might demand his removal within a short period, he could obtain the best men in the United States service. I would earnestly urge his being sent her immediately. The are now collecting in large numbers, and recruiting depots established at convenient points, each recruiting officer being of the former U. S. Army, and when obtainable attached to the Second Cavalry. Besides obtaining the flower of the old Army and weakening the power of our enemies, we save an enormous expense, and obtain the

