
Federal troops, and the scarcity of grass, the mules have been greatly reduced. It will require the greatest care to have them inc condition to place the two regiments at their various posts. I will remake that the State has never furnished one dollar to carry on the expenses of this whole business. I seized some thirty thousand dollars belonging to the Pay Department. There were debts due from this money, amounting to about sixteen thousand dollars. I will have on hand about ten thousand dollars at the end of this month, after paying the above debts and the necessary expenses.

I will remake that, by contracting for the transportation of supplies at the present contract prices, we can reduce transportation expenses for two regiments at least thirty thousand dollars per annum. Such was the steamboat of Captain McLean, of the U. S. Army, and quartermaster at this place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. N. LUCKETT,

Quartermaster and Commissary General, Texas.

SALURIA, March 30, 1861.

J. H. REAGAN, Postmaster-General, C. S.:

DEAR SIR: I returned here late yesterday evening from Powderhorn. Colonel Van Dorn has not succeeded in engaging many of the officers or soldiers to join the Army of the Confederate States.

There are some five hundred soldiers assembled here, and two men-of-war and five sea-steamer transport vessels lying outside our bar to receive the troops here and as they arrive, and the Fashion is chartered by Captain king to remain here and lighter the men to the sea vessels. I very much fear the plan of Lincoln is to delay delivering up Fort Sumter until the whole Texas Army can be concentrated for an attack on Pensacola, and by a brilliant stroke arouse Northern enthusiasm in favor of coercion.

I shall start to Austin to-day to petition the legislature to give State aid to establish a line of steamships to run of the Gulf.

Ought not President Davis to give immediate orders that all he steamships in the Gulf should be seized at the ports where they may be found upon the first spark of war?

Our towns are entirely undefended, and those now carrying the mails are at the mercy of an enemy having steamers that can cross our bars. Morgan and Harris are both at Powderhorn.

Yours, in haste,

HUGH W. HAWES.

CITY OF AUSTIN, TEX., March 30, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER, Secretary of War of the Confederate States:

SIR: My brother, Major Ben. McCulloch, to whom your order to raise a volunteer regiment for the protection of the Texas frontier was sent, has transferred it to me, and I am now raising the troops under it, and will have them in the field with as little delay as possible.

I have just returned from my command under the authority of the State on the northwestern frontier, where I have five companies actively engaged in its defense, three of whom will be mustered into the service of the Confederate States, and will not leave their posts for a day. These companies being on that portion of the frontier from Red River to the

