
the part of the Government at Washington is respect to the force of that Government in texas. It appears that fifteen hundred of these troops are to be concentrated at or near Indianola, and points to the complicity of General Houston is the business. The whole subject is referred to your special consideration, in connection with your previous orders to capture the troops of the United States in Texas.

By authority of the Secretary of War.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN TYLER, JR.

[Inclosure.]

"NEWS" OFFICER, GALVESTON,

Tuesday Morning, April 9, 1861.

DEAR SIR: I write in a hurry by Major Bickely, a brother of General Bickely, the head of the K. G. C. The major has had much to do with the working of secession in Western Texas, and can give you a good deal of news. General Austin has returned at this suggestion, as no time is to be lost.

I write to say that in case of hostilities were are totally unprotected here. There are a number of pieces of artillery here, brought from Brazos, but there is no powder, no military organization, no leader, no nothing. All our sea coast, and consequently all our ports and harbors, will be at the mercy of any small vessel of war that may choose to appear off Glaveston, Indianola, &amp;c., and dictate such terms as may please her commander. A vessel of war come within two miles of our island, and we could be shelled without trouble.

Your Government should take instant steps to arm the Texas harbors. A good many people begin to ask why the other ports should be put in defense and those of Texas not. The Convention did nothing for us in this respect, as they through it the duty of the Confederate Government to provide artillery and engineers and a commanding officer for the State, &c.

You can fancy our position if our trade with New Orleans were stopped suddenly by one of Farther Abraham's war steamers. We should have a military commander for the coals, with power to organize a corps of artillery and engineers; some columbiads, powder, &. We have several hundred well-drilled men here, but they are not organized, and without that, would be inefficient.

Captain Talbot, of the steamship Mexico, informed us yesterday that he learned the day before from Captain Murray, of the steamship Fashion (chartered by the United States officers to take the United States troops from Indianola to the transport steamships outside), that he had ben told suddenly to hold off, as he would not be needed until July. He seemed to think that it was the intention to retain and concentrate the rest of the United States in Texas (some fifteen hundred) at or near Indianola.

We have published letters from Brownsville, Austin, and Washington that show it was Houston's design, in case his late appeal to the people took effect, to call on the United States troops to back him.

Respectfully,

E. C. WHARTON.

40 R R

