
GALVESTON, TEX., May 7, 1861.

Memorandum for Lieutenant Colonel L. A. thompson.

The service upon the northern and western frontiers of Texas is needed almost entirely by mounted troops.

There are now in the arsenal at San Antonio some four thousand stand of muskets and rifles, which were taken by Colonel Ben. McCulloch from General Twiggs; besides, there are about one thousand stand of the same description of arms in the hands of the citizens of San Antonio belonging to the Government, they having been loaned to the mayor of that city by General Twiggs previous to his surrender.

Colonel Van Dorn has taken from the troops at Indianola upwards of five hundred stand of arms, and he expects to capture some eight hundred stand more from other troops now approaching the coast for embarkation. Of these parcels of arms a large quantity are not suitable for the service needed upon our frontier, therefore they are remaining in store at San Antonio to rust and spoil, unless otherwise appropriated. There are likewise several light batteries of artillery at San Antonio more than are necessary for service there, and likewise a large amount of transportation material.

The available force embraced in the military command of Galveston amounts to twenty-five hundred men and upwards. Fully fifteen hundred of these men are without arms. The commanding officer of this post has, therefore, thought proper to ask of the Confederate Government at Montgomery a requisition upon the quartermaster or military storekeeper at San Antonio for such arms and munitions as are not needed for the service in the interior and are so much needed at the post of Galveston, together with transportation for the same. Understanding that the same shall be held subject to the order of the Confederate Government and deliverable on call, this request is made in view of the very defenseless condition of this important post unless arms can be procured.

WM. F. AUSTIN,

Adjutant and Inspector.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN TEXAS,

Numbers 5. San Antonio, Tex., May 13, 1861.

It is the pleasing duty of the colonel commanding to thank the volunteer troops of Texas for the valuable services they have again rendered to the Confederate States. Being called upon at short notice to take the field they responded with that promptness which proved how high is the military spirit of the State, and how ready her people are to seize up arms in defense of her honor and in vindication of their rights. It was not the wish of the volunteers of Texas, however, to fight against those troops of the United States who had been defending their frontiers for years, and who found themselves on their soil in the attitude of enemies only because of political changes which they did nothing to bring about, many of whom had been personally endeared to them by long association and by their gallant deeds (well remembered) as their old comrades in the war with Mexico. With the true spirit of brave men who know how to appreciate a soldier's honor, they marshaled in such numbers before them that the rugged necessities of war might be accomplished without bloodshed and without the loss of reputation to

