
our course to the fort. On landing we were conducted to the presence of Major Anderson, whom we informed that in consequence of the conflagration in the fort we had been sent by General Beauregard to inquire if he needed assistance. Major Anderson replied: "Present my compliments to General Beauregard, and salt o him I thank him for his kindness, but need no assistance." Continuing, the major said: "Gentlemen, do I understand you have come direct from General Beauregard?" We replied int he affirmative. "Why," returned Major Anderson, "Colonel Wigfall has just been here as an aide to and by authority of General Beauregard, and proposed the same terms of evacuation offered on the 11th instant." We informed him we had just left General Beauregard in the city, and had come in obedience to his orders, charged with the message just delivered. The major expressed regret for the misunderstanding,and repeated that he had understood Colonel Wigfall to say he was direct from General Beauregard, and as one his aides was authorized to propose terms of evacuation. We then inquired if he would reduce to writing the terms proposed by Colonel Wigfall. To which the major replied, certainly he would. Major Anderson then declared than he would immediately run up his flag; that he regretted it had ever been taken down, and that i would not have been lowered if he had not understood Colonel Wigfall to come directly from General Beauregard to treat. We requested that, under the peculiar circumstances, he would not raise his flag until we could communicate to General Beauregard the terms of evacuation with which he had furnished us; he assented to the proposition, and we left the fort.

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Captain, C. S. Army.

ROGER A. PRYOR,

WM. PORCHER MILES,

Aides-de-Camp.

Major D. R. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Provisional Forces, C. S. A.

Numbers 26. Joint reports of Major D. R. Jones, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army; and Colonel Charles Allston, jr., Commander H. The. Hartstene (C. S. Navy), and Messrs. William Porcher Miles and Roger A. Pryor, aides-de-camp.

CHARLESTON, April 15, 1861.

SIR: We, the undersigned, beg leave to submit the following report of our visit to Fort Sumer, and of our interview with Major Anderson, on Saturday, the 13th instant, in obedience to your orders.

We arrived at the fort about a quarter to 3 o'clock p. m.; were met at the what by Captain Seymour, and were at once conducted to the presence of Major Anderson. We informed his that we came from you to say that, on learning the fort was in flames, and his flag down, you had sent Colonels Miles and Pryor and Captain Lee, members of your staff, to offer any assistance in your power, and that as soon as hid flag of truce was hoisted you sent us to received any propositions he might wish to make. Major Anderson said and exceedingly disagreeable and embarrassing mistake had occurred; that his flagstaff had bee shot down, but that as soon as it could be done his flag was again heisted.

Just at this time it was reported to him that General Wigfall was

