
[Indorsement.]

This is the paper marked "A."

HENRY M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.

JAMES TOTTEN,

Captain, Second Artillery.

[Inclosure B.]

COUNCIL CHAMBER,

Little Rock, Ark., February 5, 1861-3 o'clock p. m.

Resolved as a sense of this council, That if there be any impending danger or necessity which requires the seizure of the U. S. Arsenal at head of the State, to order such seizure to be made by the organized military power of the State.

But that all unauthorized attempts to seize the arsenal by persons without orders from the governor is an insult to his station and authority, and deserves the reprehension of all our people, and calculated to injure the cause of States rights, and we earnestly recommend the governor to interpose his authority to check any such movements if unauthorized by him.

Resolved, That a copy of these resolution be immediately communicated to the governor, and that a committed, to consist of the whole council, be appointed for that purpose, and the same committee to communicate with the leaders of such movement.

C. P. BERTRAND,

Mayor pro tem.

Attest:

A. J. SMITH, City Recorder.

[Inclosure C.]

COUNCIL CHAMBER,

Little Rock, Ark., February, 6, 1861.

At a called meeting of the city council, held at 4 o'clock p. m. of this day--

Present: Charles P. Bertrand, mayor pro tem., and Aldermen Waid, Peary, Tucker, watkins, Henry, Robins, and George--

The following preamble and resolutions were introduced by Alderman Geo. C. Watkins:

"Whereas an armed force of about four hundred men from different parts of this State are assembled at Little Rock for the purpose of seizing the U. S. Arsenal at this place, under the apprehension that the arsenal and the arms and the munitions of war stored therein may at no distant day be used to the injury of the people of this State, and it is reasonably certain that such force will soon be increased to one thousand men, or to five thousand, if necessary for the purpose designed;

"And whereas the governor of the State has on this day officially assumed the responsibility of said movement, and has made a demand in the name and by authority of the State upon the officer in command of the arsenal to surrender the same to the authorities of the State;

"And whereas the arsenal is so located that any attack or defense of it would involve the destruction of much of the property of private citizens of Little Rock, and the loss of many lives of our citizens, and the probable sacrifice of the officers and their command in charge of the arsenal: Therefore,

41 R R

