
protesting for himself and in the name of his Government against events beyond his control, and which have actuated him to this course.

(Signed in duplicate.)

HENRY M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding Little Rock arsenal.

[Inclosure E.]

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., February 9, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to inclose for the information of the President copies of four distinct papers relative to a solemn and ever-to-be-regretted act which had been force upon me through the necessities of the circumstances surrounding me. The papers marked A, B, C, and D explain the whole sad affair from beginning to end, in connection with information previously communicated, and comment on my part, therefore, seems unnecessary at present. I have been forced, as the inclosed papers will show, to retire with my command from Little Rock Arsenal, and yield my charge into the hands of Henry M. Rector, governor of the State of Arkansas, who has taken charge of the same in the name of the United States, to hold it in that light until legally absolved from the trust.

I hope I have acted in the whole matter in a manner which will meet the approbation of the Federal authorities. My object throughout these trying circumstances has been to avoid bringing about bloodshed and civil war in this immediate vicinity among peaceable, law-abiding, and loyal citizens of the United States. In doing so, I sincerely believe, in the absence of all instructions, I have only done what appears to be the course indicated by the present administration in this past course, so far as I am informed. It gratifies me beyond measure to be able, on this occasion, to bear honest testimony to the honorable, high-toned, loyal, and law-abiding action taken by the great majority of the most respectable citizen of Little Rock. From the richest tot he poorest, I am happy to say, there was but one sentiment, and that was in opposition to the course of the governor and those who counseled and aided him in the deed done.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.

[Inclosure F.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS LITTLE ROCK ARSENAL,

Numbers 3. Little Rock, Ark., February 8, 1861.

The troops of this command, consisting of Company F, Second Artillery, and all the enlisted men of the Ordnance Department, will be prepared to move to-day from this post to a camp to be selected by the commanding officer on the banks of the Arkansas River.

The command will depart as soon as the necessary transportation can be provided.

By order of Captain Totten:

ST. CLAIR DEARING,

Second Lieutenant, Second Artillery, Post Adjutant.

