
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., February 10, 1861.

SIR: In answer to your telegram dated Washington, February 9, 1861, I this morning answered by telegraph as follows:

I have retired with my command from Little Rock Arsenal, and the governor of Arkansas, in the name of the United States, has charge of all the public property, to hold the same until legally absolved from the trust. I have reported particulars by mail, and shall duplicate them, and explain the whole matter thoroughly. I shall order and proceed with my command to Saint Louis, where I beg that orders may be sent me for my future guidance.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Captain, Second Artillery.

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington City, D. C.

ORDERS, CAMP AT FLETCHER'S LANDING,

Numbers 6. Vicinity of Little Rock, Ark., February 12, 1861.

This command, consisting of Company F, Second Artillery, and the enlisted men of the Ordnance Department formerly garrisoning Little Rock Arsenal, will embark to-day on the steamboat Madora, and proceed direct to Saint Louis, Mo., and reported to the general commanding the Department of the West for orders as to its future movements.

JAMES TOTTEN,

Captain, Second Artillery, Commanding.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Justus McKinstry, quartermaster, U. S. Army, of the seizure of U. S. ordnance stores at Napoleon, Ark.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Saint Louis, Mo., February 12, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that I am in receipt of a telegram from Captain montgomery, A. Q. M. at Fort Smith, Ark., informing me that a considerable amount of ordnance stores (list herewith inclosed), shipped by me on the 16th and 21st ultimo to napoleon, Ark., en route for the posts on the Arkansas River, have been seized by certain individuals pretending to act for the State of Arkansas. As the State in question has passed no act of secession, or announced her withdrawal from the Union, I would respectfully recommend that orders be issued to my agents at Napoleon to take legal steps to recover the stores lost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MCKINSTRY, A. Q. M.

Captain S. WILLIAMS, Asst. Adjt. General,

Headquarters Department of the West.

Shipment to Napoleon, Ark, per steamboat Sunshine, January 15, 1861:

Fourteenth boxes, containing--

83 saddles; 166 stirrups; 83 saddle bags; 83 girths; 83 surcingles; 83 bridles, complete.

Shipment January 21, 1861, per steamboat Southwester:

