
persons I have been compelled to bring along, and also ot pay off the faithful Delaware guides.

Of the three staff officers stationed at Fort Smith, and who, it is presumed, had possession of the funds, if there were any in this country, Paymaster Brown is the only one who shared the fortunes of the troops, but he joined, the command without a dollar.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Army, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS FROM TEXAS FRONTIER,Fort Leavenworth, May 31, 1861.

I arrived her this morning, and turned over the command to Major Sacket in good condition; not a man, and animal, an arm, or wagon has been lost except two deserters.

W. H. EMORY,

Late Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry.

Lieutenant-Colonel TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Nathaniel grant of the seizure of U. S. Arsenal at Liberty, Mo.

MISSOURI DEPOT, Sunday, April 21, 1861.

SIR: I embrace the first opportunity to inform you that the depot was taken yesterday about 10 o'clock by a body of armed men from this and the adjacent counties. While I am writing the depot yard and grounds are filled with men, who are rapidly removing the ordnance and ordnance stores from the post. Having no means of resistance, my protest against he forcible and unlawful seizure of the public property was of no avail, and I was informed that all the military stores would be taken.

I send this to Saint Louis by boat to be mailed, and so soon as it can be done a detailed report of all the facts, so far as they can be ascertained, will be forwarded.

Very respectfully, I am, sir, your obedient servant,

NATHANIEL GRANT,

In charge of Depot.

Colonel H. K. CRAIG,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington City.

Numbers 6. Report of Benjamin Farrar of the seizure of U. S. Arsenal at Liberty, Mo.

EAST SAINT LOUIS, MO.,

April 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

Liberty Arsenal, in Missouri, was taken possession of by secessionists yesterday, and 1,500 arms and a few cannon distributed to citizens of

