
[Inclosure.]

ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, FORT SMITH, ARKANSAS,

No.-. April 22, 1861.

As soon as practicable after the troops are withdrawn from this post, Captain A. Montgomery, quartermaster, will repair to Saint Louis, Mo., and report to the department commander, taking with him the ordnance sergeant, hospital steward, chief bugler, and all the laundresses, so that the post will be entirely evacuated.

S. D. STURGIS,

Captain, First Cavalry, Commanding.

Numbers 10. Report of Captain Langdon C. Easton, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, of the seizure of U. S. ordnance stores at Kansas City, Mo.

KANSAS, May 4, 1861.

The storehouse at this place was forcibly entered last night, at half-past 1 o'clock, by about fifty armed men, who carried off one hundred and two carbines, thirty-seven muskets, nine pistols, eighty-six sabers, and thirty-four thousand cartridges.

L. C. EASTON, A. Q. M.

Captain S. WILLIAMS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11. Report of Sergt. Charles A. Campbell, Company E, First U. S. Infantry, of the occupation of Fort Arbuckle, Ind. T., by Texas troops.

FORT ARBUCKLE, C. N., May 5, 1861.

COLONEL: I regret to report that this post was this morning taken possession of by a portion of a large force of Texans, who are marching in the rear of your column (report says two thousand men). The officer commanding demanded me to give up to him, in the name of the Southern Confederacy, the whole of the United States property in my charge which I complied with, as I could offer no resistance, my command being disarmed previous to leaving their companies. he has promised to myself and command a safe passage with our families and private property from further molestation until we get to Fort Leavenworth. Only for the interference of Mr. Myers he would have made us prisoners of war. I hope the colonel ill order Mr. Myers, the contractor, to convey my command and our families to our destination as soon as he can get his train together, and also furnish us with rations when the quantity we have now in possession gives out.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES A. CAMPBELL,

First Sergeant, Company E, First Infantry.

Colonel EMORY, Commanding Troops in the Field.

