
the fleet. Major Anderson requested us to take Lieutenant Snyder down to the fleet for the purpose of arranging the matter. This Captain Hartstene undertook to do.

We have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servants,

D. R. JONES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WM PORCHER MILES,

R. A. PRYOR,

H. J. HARTSTENE, C. S. N.,

Aides-de-Camp.

Brigadier-General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Provisional Army, C. S. A.

Numbers 27. Medical report of Surg. General R. W. Gibbes, South Carolina Army.
HEADQUARTERS SURGEON-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,Charleston, April 16, 1861.

SIR: From the returns received from the various posts I have the unexampled and happy privilege of stating that no serious casualty has occurred during the vigorous action of thirty-three hours, in reducing Fort Sumter. Four trifling contusions are reported at Fort Moultrie, but none at other posts, and it is a subject of equal gratification that even in the management of heavy ordnance by new recruits and unpracticed volunteers no accident to life or limb has occurred.

Immediately upon the flag of Fort Sumter being struck I proceeded to that fortress to tender my assistance and hospital at Mount Pleasant to Major Anderson, and received from his the pleasing intelligence that only four cases of slight injuries had resulted to his men. On Sunday a sad casualty occurred in saluting hi flag, when the explosion of some loose cartridges beneath a gun struck down seven men. One was instantly killed, and another so seriously wounded that he died soon after reaching my hospital in Charleston; one remaining in the hospital, doing well under the care of Prof. G. G. Chisolm, of the medical college of the State, and four were removed with the garrison. The precipitation suddenly of several regiments upon me during the past few days, totally without any preparation of their surgeons, has required a large supply of medicines, instruments, hospital stores, &amp;c., but I am happy to say they have received promptly all their requisitions.

Respectfully,

R. W. GIBBES, M. D.,

Surgeon-General South Carolina Army.

Adjutant-General JONES.

Numbers 28. Report of Commander H. J. Hartstene, C. S. Navy, concerning the transportation of Major Anderson and his command from Fort Sumter to the U. S. fleet off Charleston Bar.
HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL FORCES, C. S. A.,Charleston, S. C., April 16, 1861.

MAJOR: On the afternoon of the 13th instant, shortly after the surrender of Fort Sumter, I was placed on board the steamer Catawba to convey to the fort, in connection with Major Jones, Captains Miles and Pryor (aides to Brigadier-General Beauregard), to arrange with Major

