
instructions to the commanding officer at Arbuckle was sent to the headquarters Department of the West.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, First Cavalry.

P. S.-Since writing the above the chances of getting forward without much detention are improved. I nevertheless think it proper to send this notice, in case of any further delay.

W. H. E.

COUNCIL BLUFFS, April 2, 1861.

JOHN A. KASSON:

DEAR SIR: I arrived home yesterday, and would have telegraphed you at Saint Joseph had I dared to do so. There are men from secession military companies formed at Saint Joseph for the purpose of capturing the troops from Fort Randall. They will be down abut May 1, on the Ohama, and they propose to take boat, arms, &amp;c. I have several letters from steady Union mein Saint Joseph, and I shall board the boat as she comes down. My information is such that there is no doubt about the matters, and a telegram from the proper source to the officers on the boat would cause them to take the proper action. This letter will reach Washington before the troops reach this place.

Union men are leaving Missouri in swarms, and unless matters change within a week a reign of terror will exist about Saint Joseph.

I am, truly,

G. M. DODGE.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., April 6, 1861.

Bvt. Major P. V. HAGNER,

Ordnance Department, Commanding Saint Louis Arsenal:

SIR: The department commander directs that you transfer to Captain N. Lyon, Second Infantry, command the troops at the Saint Louis Arsenal, all the mounted artillery at that place available from service, and understood to consist of two 8-inch howitzers, six 12-pounder howitzers, and four 6-pounder guns; also, the implements required to render the same effective for service, together with fifty rounds of fixed ammunition for each pieces. Captain Lyon is also authorized by the department commander to throw up such defenses of earth at the arsenal, and to occupy such of the out-buildings with a night force, as in his judgment security of the place may call for.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SMITH, April 6, 1861.

Captain S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the West:

CAPTAIN: I inclose a copy of my instructions to be commanding officer at Fort Cobb. I have used the discretionary power given me by the General-in-Chief, and left two companies at Fort Cobb in place of one,

