
as suggested. I think one company insufficient to occupy so isolate a post, but if the change is not approved at headquarters, one of the companies can be withdrawn before it will be required at Washita.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, First Cavalry.

[Inclosure.]

FORT SMITH, April 6, 1861.

To the COMMANDING OFFICER, Fort Cobb:

SIR: In pursuance of special instructions, dated Headquarters U. S. Army, March 18 and 21* (copies of which are inclosed), you will direct two companies of your command to march immediately to Fort Washita, and two companies to remain at Fort Cobb until further orders. For this purpose additional transportation will this day be sent you from the quartermaster's depot at this place.

You will take great pains to give the Indians the notice required by the instructions of the General-in-Chief, and offer to such Indians as may choose to retire within the protection of the camp at Washita the privilege of moving under the protection of the troops destined for that place, but you will observe the offer was directed to be made before the intention was entertained of leaving any troops at Fort Cobb. The ordnance stores will be moved with the troops, except such ammunition as may be required for the use of the companies left behind.

Any surplus means of transportation will bused in transferring the other property to Fort Washita which may not be required at Fort Cobb-such as cavalry clothing and surplus forage.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, First Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., April 8, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Assist. Adjt. General,

Headquarters of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

Under existing circumstances, and in view of the large amount of public property at Fort Leavenworth, I consider it very important that the garrison should at once be re-enforced, and request authority to order to that post two companies of artillery from Fort Randall an two companies of infantry from Fort Kearney. Please answer by telegraph.

W. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Saint Louis, Mo., April 9, 1861.

Byt. Major P. V. HAGNER, U. S. Army,

Commanding Saint Louis Arsenal, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Under existing circumstances the department commander deems it of great importance that the ordnance supplies store in the maga-

---------------

*See Townsend to Emory, pp. 656, 659.

---------------

