
zine at Jefferson Barracks, or elsewhere, be brought within the vicinity of the Saint Louis Arsenal limits, and he therefore directs that you cause such supplies to be transferred to the arsenal with the least practicable delay.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE WEST,Jefferson Barracks, Saint Louis, Mo., April 9, 1861.

Major N. C. MACRAE, Third Infantry, Commanding:

SIR: The department commander directs that Captain Totten's company, Second Artillery, be sen to the Saint Louis Arsenal by the early train to-morrow, or as soon thereafter as practicable. The company will be prepared to go into camp on its arrival at the arsenal, and will take with it to that place the equipage necessary for this purpose.

The department commander further directs that the detachment of ordnance that accompanied Captain Totten's company from Little Rock Arsenal be transferred to the Saint Louis Arsenal.

* * * * * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SMITH, April 10, 1861.

To the COMMANDING OFFICER, Fort Cobb:

The instructions to give authority to move to the Indians, under your protection, were based, as you were informed by me, on the idea that the post was to be entirely abandoned. Since it is determined to retain two companies at that post, and I am informed by the Indian agents here it will give great dissatisfaction to the Choctaws to bring those Indians to Washita, within their territory, I deem it proper for the present to suspend so much of the instructions of the 6th of April (sent from here only yesterday) as authorizes you "to offer to such Indians as may choose to retire within the camp a Washita the protection of the troops destined for that place." I have been expecting Colonel Leiper, the agent of the Cobb Indians, now on his way here. He is no doubt detained by high water on the road. In this absence I have consulted the superintendent of Indian affairs an the contractors, Johnston and Grimes, who inform me to Indians are hunted and planting and without means, and could not move at this time if allowed by the Choctaws and Chickasaws to come among them.

In reference to your supplied, I am furnished a statement by Captain Burns, showing you to be supplied up to the 31st of May. The withdrawal of two companies will therefore leave the remaining two full supplies up to the 30th of June. Captain Burns has been notified of this, that you may be supplied thereafter.

In view of any prompt movement that my be required, I respectfully

