
Under these circumstances I respectfully request instructions for my guidance.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. HARNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, April 17, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel WM. H. EMORY,

First Cavalry, Commanding Fort Arbuckle:

SIR: On receipt of this communication, you will, by order of the General-in-Chief, with all the troops in the Indian country west of Arkansas, march to Fort Leavernworth, Kans., taking such useful public property as your means of transportation will permit. The troops may or may not be replaced by Arkansas volunteers. The action of that State will not affect your movement.

Captain A. Montgomery, A. Q. M., will be left at Fort Smith, to take charge of public property, and as staff officer of volunteers who may be mustered into the service of the United States.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TONWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, April 17, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: By Governor Yates' request I also inclose to you, along with other letters, the following memorandum received by him from Captain Lyon, commanding at the Saint Louis Arsenal.

Yours, &c.,

E. L. BAKER.

[Inclosure.]

Memorandum for Mr. F. J. Dean, about to visit Springfield, Ill.

SAINT LOUIS ARSENAL, April 16, 1861.

Captain Lyon, Second Infantry, commanding the troops at Saint Louis Arsenal, would respectfully submit to his Excellency Richard Yates, governor of Illinois, that in view of imminent danger of an attack at this point by the secessionist upon this arsenal, the custom-house, treasury, and post-office in Saint Louis, it would be well to communicate with the authorities in Washington for the purpose of holding the six regiments called for from his State in easiness for service here. At Jefferson Barracks, ten miles below, quarters, for three thousand men could be had, and some one thousand or two thousand could be quartered here. A sufficient excuse also exists in the fact that the four regiments called for from this State cannot be had. As the arms of this arsenal are the main object of attack here, it might be well for Governor Yates to make requisition for a large supply of arms, and get them shipped from here to Springfield.*

N. LYON,

Captain, Second Infantry, Commanding.

---------------

*See also Yantes and others to President Lincoln, April 17, in Vol. I, 3rd Series.

---------------

