
other members of the Cabinet, and ascertain yourself about Baltimore and Washington offices. Send order by telegraph at once for mustering men into service to Captain N. Lyon. It will surely then be executed, and we will fill your requisition in two days. Relieve Hagner. Answer immediately.

FRANK P. BLAIR, JR.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 20, 1861.

His Excellency Governor YATES, Springfield, Ill.:

DEAR SIR: Please send two or three regiments of your quota of militia to support the garrison of the Saint Louis Arsenal, and to receive their arms and accouterments there. The commander of that arsenal will also have instructions from me to issue those arms and accouterments, and ten thousand more to such agent as your excellency may appoint, for which extra arms accouterments the State of Illinois will be held responsibility to this Government.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 20, 1861.

To the COMMANDER OF THE ARSENAL at Saint Louis:

SIR: Two or three regiments of the Illinois militia recently called for by the President will present themselves to you, to assist in the defense of the Saint Louis Arsenal. Equip them at once will arms, accouterments, and ammunition, and if any part of this re-enforcement cannot be accommodated with quarters in the arsenal, let that part be sent to Jefferson Barracks, if that can be done without hazard to the arsenal. You will, moreover, issue ten thousand additional stand of arms (arms and accouterments) to be authorized agent or agents of his excellency the governor of Illinois, with a corresponding amount of ammunition.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 22, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. HARNEY,

Commanding Department of the West, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that you are hereby relieved from the command of the Department of the West,* which will devolve upon the senior officer in the department, and you will repair to this city and report to the General-in-Chief.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Revoked by Special Orders Numbers 128, A. G. O., May 8, 1861.

---------------

