
S. Harney hereby relinquishes command of the Department of the West.

By order of Brigadier-General Harney:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 27, 1861.

General CAMERON, Secretary of War:

DEAR GENERAL: I send inclosed for your information three letters just received from Saint Louis. The winters were not aware of some important measures for their safety which you have already taken. A great handle is made (and with wonderful success) of the false, idea that the efforts of the administration are directed not to national defense, but to the subjugation of the South. All this does but impose upon us the more stringent necessity to make sure of Saint Louis and Cairo. The fact is indisputable. The how is not for me, and I did not choose to trouble you with details. I beg pardon for so often obtruding myself upon you in regard to this particular subject, but my anxiety about it is extreme.

Your friend and obedient servant,

EDW. BATES.

[Inclosures.]

SAINT LOUIS, April 22, 1861.

DEAR SIR: Permit me respectfully to express an idea relation to our adverse circumstances as a nation, referring, however, more particularly to the circumstances of the times in Missouri. I beg leave to state that treason and revolt are becoming rampant in Missouri, and even in Saint Louis. Rumors of the Government sending twenty-five thousand men from other States to protect the arsenal here have produced immense excitement, and if such order should be issued I should apprehend much danger would arise, and perhaps the State would be led in to the vortex o secessionist. I therefore suggest, with all deference, that if Major Anderson be sent here, and a portion of the Regular Army, as they arrive from the West, be placed under his command, all excitement would subside, and our State be preserved in the Union and under "our father' flag." The Saint Louis Republican of this morning, in an editorial article, thinks there is no danger to the public property to be apprehended, provided two increased irritating causes may arise. I fear nevertheless that there are secret associations actively employed here to take advantage of any and every occasion which may arise in order to impel the State from the Union. No doubt such persons and association sabre regardless of human life,a nd under the influence of disorganizing and, I may say, satanic passions. Every true patriot here is endeavoring to use his influence to preserve our institutions and to regard the allegiance we owe to the General Government, in the hope that when Congress in convened some plan may be adopted to calm and bring into order and reinstate fraternal good feeling in our convulsed country. I pray to the great Ruler of all, that His gracious Spirit may guide our rulers to wise and kind counsels and decisions.

It appears that Mr. Howard has been appointed collector of the customs at Saint Louis. While I should have preferred Captain Barton Able, yet it is a matter of congratulation that the infidel Boernstein has not been appointed. I regret, too, the appointment of Dr. Hammer as physi-

