
WAR DEPARTMENT, April 30, 1861.

Captain NATHANIEL LYON,

Commanding Department of the West:

SIR: The President of the United States directs that you enroll in the military service of the United States the loyal citizens of Saint Louis and vicinity, not exceeding, with those heretofore enlisted, then thousand in number, for the purpose of maintaining the authority of the United States; for the protection of the peaceable inhabitants of Missouri; and you will, if deemed necessary of that purpose by yourself and by Messrs. Oliver T. Filly, John How, James O. Broadhead, Samuel T. Gover, J. Wilzie, and Francis P. Balir, jr., proclaim martial law in the city of Saint Louis.

The additional force hereby authorized shall be discharged, in part or in whole, if enlisted, as soon as it appears to you and the gentlemen above named at that there in no danger of an attempt on the part of the enemies of the Government to take military possession of the city of Saint Louis, or put the city in the control of a combination against the Government of the United States; and whilst such additional force remains in the service the same shall be governed by the Rules and Articles of War, and such special regulations as you may prescribe. I shall like the force heretofore directed to be enrolled to be under your command.

The arms and other military stores in the Saint Louis Arsenal not needed for the forces of the United States in Missouri must be removed to Springfield, or some other safe place of deposit in the State of Illinois, as speedily as practicable, by the ordnance officer in charge at Saint Louis.

[Indorsement.]

It is revolutionary times, and therefore I do not object to the irregularity of this.

W. S.

Approved, April 30, 1861.

A. LINCOLN.

Colonel Thomas will make this order.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

SAINT LOUIS ARSENAL, April 30, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS, Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington:

SIR: I am accepting all the troops that offer, and at this time some 3,300 have offered, and 3,082 are armed. Deeming the emergencies pressing, and fully requiring the Government to avail itself of all available resources, I shall still accept these volunteers till countermanding orders are received. This is unavoidable, both because the Government needs the services of these men,and because of the fear of State tyranny to force them into the secession ranks. No doubt 10,000 men can be raised here,an indications are that they will be needed, sooner or later, to meet the determined purpose of the State authorities to overturn the authority of the General Government, which, if true to herself, can maintain it here.

I suffer much the want of proper facilities. I am often in want of means to send a reliable messenger speedily to some point in the vicinity, and should have some horses for the purpose. The State is doubtless

