
getting ready to attack Government troops with artillery. The Government should put the artillery here in condition for active service, and some fifty horses are needed at once. I have appointed a citizen no act as quartermaster and commissary, but, as before reported, he has no funds at his command, through this difficulty is somewhat avoided by referring certified accounts to Major McKinstry, but the want of experience in these matters on the part of this appointee is badly felt. A little experience, however, may measurable remove this difficulty.

Camp equipage much needed. Every building is occupied to its greatest capacity, and many are now out of doors. I have sent some six hundred to the marine hospital, and three other volunteer companies, together with Captain Totten's company (F, Second Artillery), to occupy buildings outside the arsenal, hired for this purpose, both to give them shelter and occupy commanding positions, which the secessionists had intended to occupy themselves, and upon which they openly avowed they would plant siege batteries to reduce this place. This exasperates them, and has given rise to a singular correspondence, which, when convenient, I will lay before the War Department. Unless otherwise ordered, I shall proceed to execute the foregoing views, so far as in my power, towards securing the Government interest here. An armed steamer is needed to ply from Alton to Cairo and in connection with this place. As soon as possible troops will occupy Jefferson Barracks, but in view of impending emergencies this will be but temporarily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. LYON,

Captain, Second Infantry, Commanding.
HDQRS. FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS, April 30, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND, Asst. Adjt. General,Headquarters Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this post with my headquarters, band, E and F companies of the Second Infantry, from Fort Kearney on yesterday, having marched from Fort Kearney to Omaha insight days and a half, a distance of one hundred and eighty-five miles, crossing by Deep Ford the Platte, and by ferry the Pawnee Loup Fork; the command consisting of one colonel, one adjutant, one regimental quartermaster, one captain, two first lieutenants, and one hundred and sixty-one rank and file.

I was delayed at Omaha four days waiting the arrival of a boat. Whiel there I received telegraphic dispatches that the citizens at Saint Joseph intended to obstruct my passing, and also to prevent the command from Fort Randall from passing. I also was shown a dispatch from the president of the Saint Joe and Hannibal Railroad that that command could not pass over that road without meeting with resistance, and that for fear of injury to the road he declined to transport them. Hearing at this time General Harney had left Saint Louis and the department, I immediately assumed the authority to issue to the commander of the troops from Randall the inclosed order, Numbers 1, and wrote to him the inclosed communication, which I hope will meet the approval of the Lieutenant-General commanding the Army.

I also made arrangement with a patriotic merchant at Omaha, by the name of McCormick, to hire wagons, advance subsistence, and such funds as may be required for this command, taking sight drafts one the

