
of the Union, that Lieutenant Cooke, now at Fort Leavenworth, had told him (Thompson) confidentially that the dragoons stationed at that post had pledged themselves to co-operate with the secessionists in whatever schemes they mights determine upon, and he remarked that he himself-their commander-intended to head them in the project. Lieutenant Cooke further observed that it was his determination, in case Missouri seceded, to do all he could to transfer the Government property in his charge to the State authorities, and in the event that Missouri did not secede, that he would resign his commission and offer his services to the South.

Mr. Bittinger says that the disunionists in Saint Joseph are organized, have possessed themselves of Government arms, and are meditating the capture of Fort Leavenworth. There are now in Saint Joseph, he states, three hundred and seventy-four Union men, who form four companies, which will be placed at the disposal of the Federal administration. They have no arms, however, although they have applied for some-to Major Van Vliet, I believe; but they were refused on the ground that the persons applying had no order from the Secretary of War. The Union volunteers of Saint Joseph beg that you will give them such written authority as will enable them to procure the necessary arms and equipments without any further delay.

Having fulfilled what I deemed my duty in imparting to you the above information, I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. ATKINSON.

SAINT LOUIS, May 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Our regiments have been mustered into service now nearly two weeks, and requisitions have been sent to Philadelphia and other points for acounterments, blankets, haversacks, tents, clothing,and other articles absolutely necessary for the health, comfort, and efficiency of the emf,and as yet we have not even received a reply. Our men have enrolled under the most trying circumstances, in the very face of armed enemies, with no State government to back us and furnish us with necessaries until the ordinary machinery of the Federal Government can be brought to our assistance, nor a city government or rich men in a unanimously loyal community to advance money for our assistance and comfort, as is the case with all the regimens now being raised in the free States. We have, by being mustered into service and standing under arms naked and without clothing, saved millions of dollars of Government property, chiefly munitions of war, and as soon as we shall be suitably equipped are ready to take the field and comfort the enemies of the Government wherever it may be your pleasure to send us. Under these circumstances I appeal to you to give the necessary orders on the quartermaster at Philadelphia and at other points to fill the requisitions which I send you by this messenger to furnish the quartermaster at this post with the funds necessary to maintain the troops here in comfort so long as it shall be your pleasure to keep them at this post.

I understand that some of the accouterments usually furnished by the Ordnance Department, such as cartridge boxes and bayonet scabbards, and some other small military stores, such as buttons, ordered by the officers of the regiments on private account, have been seized by parties in Pittsburgh and Cincinnati. It is bad enough to face our enemies in this outpost of danger in the condition we find ourselves, but it is

