
Louisiana, and Texas can be assailed in their political and material rights and interests without Arkansas being sensibly affected.

I trust, therefore, that through due regard to the exigencies and necessities of the times, the comity existing between Arkansas and the States of the Confederate Government, as well as their joint welfare and future relations, your excellency will promptly accord to me the privilege of erecting, arming, and manning the battery to which I have referred at or near Helena. Events are hastening to a bloody issue, and there is no time to be lost in our movements.

I have the honor to be, with the highest consideration and respect, your obedient servant,

L. P. WALKER.

NASHVILLE, April 21, 1861.

General WALKER, Montgomery:

DEAR SIR: I arrived here to-day from the Arkansas River, and it is with pleasure that I report a complete revolution in public sentiment since I left. Tennessee is with the cotton States, and you may now consider the slave States a unit. "Armed neutrality" has no advocates, not even the authors of that card, which was conceived in error. The patriotism which would stand by unmoved and witness the murder of your neighbor's wife and children, because of an imaginary line, is not the growth of Tennessee, nor of any State where the rays of a genial sun shine.

The legislature meets next Thursday, and the plan is to pass the ordnance of secession and let the people ratify it, arm the State, and stand ready to march South or North.

Arkansas will go out 6th of May before breakfast. The Indians come next. Companies are forming rapidly, and I expect both my sons to go whenever the insolent invader shall tread a hostile foot upon our soil. The slave State a unit are omnipotent in defense.

Arkansas and Tennessee are wild with indignation at the insolence and usurpation of he buffoon at Washington City. They are ready for the fight, every man, white and black. The blacks in Arkansas would be entirely reliable, if necessary, in defense. I know the fact is so. They are more obedient and loyal than ever before. When the fight is over, a separation of the free blacks from the slaves is the true plan to protect and guard the institution. It is one of the domestic relations that I have studied with much care.

I indorse without a proviso every act in the cotton States, done separately or together, by President, Congress, and Cabinet, and am ready to aid in all that may be necessary to accomplish what has been undertaken.

The stores for troops at Fort Smith were seized as they went up the Arkansas River and stored in Pine Bluff, one mile from my plantation. Flour and bacon chiefly.

I think Arkansas, Virginia, and Tennessee will be represented in your next Congress, called for the 29th instant.

I don't think there is any danger of an overflow. The Mississippi is level full, but not against the levee above Napoleon. The Arkansas has a 10-foot bank, and falling, when I came out a few days ago. The prospect for a corn crop fine. I planted one hundred acres for your army. The cotton crop is just coming up an promises well.

With streamers gay push forward with sanguine cheer. The God of

