
LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 23, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

Governor Rector, not being free as yet to send the regiment requested by the Secretary of War, has placed in the hands of the undersigned the dispatch. Will the President accept a regiment raised by the undersigned, complying in all other respects with the requisition of the Secretary? Further, the governor has agreed to arm and equip the regiment when rendezvoused at Little Rock Arsenal.

T. B. FLOURNOY, Colonel.

JNO. B. THOMPSON, Lieutenant-Colonel.

W. N. BROUGNAH.

JAS. B. JOHNSON.

MONTGOMERY, ALA., April 23, 1861.

His Excellency C. F. JACKSON, Governor of Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge yours of the 17th instant, borne by Captains Green and Duke, and have most cordially welcome the fraternal assurances it brings.*

A misplaced but generous confidence has, for years past, prevented the Southern States from making the preparation required by the present emergency, and our power to supply you with ordnance is far short of the will to serve you. After learning as well as I could from the gentlemen accredited to me what was most needful for the attack on the arsenal, I have directed that Captains Green and Duke should be furnished with two 12-pounder howitzers and two 32-pounder guns, with the proper ammunition for each. These, from the commanding hills, will be effective, both against the garrison and to breach the inclosing walls of the place. I concur with you as to the great importance of capturing the arsenal and securing its supplies, rendered doubly important the arsenal and secreting its supplies, rendered doubly important by the means taken to obstruct your commerce and render you unarmed victims of a hostile invasion.

We look anxiously and hopefully for the day when the star of Missouri shall be added to the constellation of the Confederate States of America.

With best wishes, I am, very respectfully, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 24, 1861.

L. P. WALKER:

After the governor promised the arms, he was forced to send them to the frontier, to protect the State against invasion. There are now no arms but lint-locks. Can you furnish us arms? Answer quick. Companies are waiting your response.

T. B. FLOURNOY.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., April 25, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER:

You will have to arms us. There are only thirteen hundred and sixty-four percussion guns; balance flint-locks. The governor has employed

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

