
the percussion guns to protect the frontier, and declines now giving us any until the convention meets on the 6th May. A favorable answer desired. The men will rendezvous at once. We will inform you when ready to embark and the route.

T. B. FLOURNOY.

MONTGOMERY, April 26, 1861.

Gov. C. F. JACKSON, Jefferson City, Mo.:

Can you arm and equip one regiment of infantry for service in Virginia, to rendezvous at Richmond? Transportation will be provided by this Government. The regiment to elect its own officers, and must enlist for not less than twelve months, unless sooner discharged.

L. P. WALKER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Montgomery, April 29, 1861.

Colonel M. J. THOMPSON, Saint Joseph, MO.:

SIR: Your letter of the 15th of April, addressed to the President, has been referred to this Department, and I am instructed by the Secretary of War to say, in answer to your proposition, that the time is rapidly approaching, in his opinion, when, with the concurrence of the governor of Missouri, military assistance may be accepted from that State by the Confederate States. In view of this gratifying act, those among you sympathizing with our cause would do well to organize military companies, battalions, and regiments, and hold them in readiness for action against our incendiary foe, equally hostile to the entire South.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN TYLER, JR.

LITTLE ROCK, April 29, 1861.

Honorable L. P. WALKER,

Your communication of the 17th instant is received. A battery on the Mississippi near Helena, or any other eligible point, is important as well to the Confederate States as to Arkansas, and meets my entire approval and consent.

H. M. RECTOR.

WASHINGTON, HEMPSTEAD COUNTY, ARK.,

May 1, 1861.

His Excellency JEFF. DAVIS, Montgomery, Ala.:

SIR: Arkansas will certainly secede between the 6th and 8th instant, and join as soon as may be the Southern Confederacy. As commander of the First Brigade, First Division, of the Militia, I am authorized to tender you, without limit, the whole strength of the brigade, to be used or called into active service as you may deem proper. There are, as present constituted, eight regiments in the brigade, all officered and ready for action except in arms and munitions of war.

Please communicate with me immediately.

Very respectfully,

BENJ. P. JETT,

Brigadier General, First Brigadier, First Div., Arkansas Militia

44 R R

