
FORT MOULTRIE, S. C., November 14, 1860.

Colonel R. E. DE RUSSY,

Commanding Corps of Engineers, U. S. A., Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that I arrived here on the morning of the 11th instant. I found that the pintle blocks for the howitzer embrasures at Fort Moultrie had not arrived, and that the work was whiting for them. The communications being finished connecting the inferior of the caponieres with the interior of the fort, and not over for the being prepared as yet, I judged it prudent to construct temporary flaking arrangements at once, in consideration of the caponieres with the interior of the fort, and no cover for them being prepared as yet, I judged it prudent to construct temporary flanking arrangements at once, in consideration of the peculiar state of the public feeling here and the wishes of several officers of the garrison, including the commanding officer. These I commenced yesterday morning and completed last night, including the construction of temporary platforms and placing four field pieces in position. these temporary flanking arrangements occupy the positions that the caponieres are to occupy, one of them having its lines four feet within the walls of the caponiere, so as to give room for the masons to work. This temporary construction can therefore stand until I finish the outside caponier, which I shall do as soon as possible without waiting longer for the pintle stones.

I have made these temporary defenses as inexpensive as possible, and they consist simply of a stout board fence, ten feet high, surmounted by strips filled with nail-points, with a dry-brick wall two bricks thick on the inside, raised to the height of a man's head, and pierced with embrasures and a sufficient number of loopholes. Their immediate construction has satisfied and gratified the commanding officer, Colonel Gardner, and they are, I think, adequate to the present wants of the garrison.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Numbers 137. New York, November 15, 1860.

Major Robert Anderson, First Artillery, will forthwith proceed to Fort Moultrie, and immediately relieve Bvt. Colonel John L. Garnder, lieutenant-colonel of First Artillery, in command thereof; who, on being relieved, will repair without delay to San Antonio, Texas, and report to the commanding officer of the Department of Texas for duty, with that portion of this regiment serving therein.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

L. THOMAS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 20, 1860.

Captain J. G. FOSTER,

Corps of Engineers, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 14th, reporting the temporary defensive arrangements you have had carried out since your arrival at Fort Moultrie on the 11th instant, has been received, and your proceedings are approved.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Captain of Engineers, in charge.

