
to get four of them for the half bastion, but if there are none I will replace them by something else. I would like to get these articles as soon as possible, as I wish to practice our men with the different arms I may have to use. God forbid, though, that I should do so. Colonel Huger has just left me; he came down stating that there was the greatest excitement in the city on account of a rumor that the Adger was bringing out four companies. Some of the gentlemen were in favor of taking steamers and going out to intercept the Adger. he has just returned. I told him that I had no intelligence of anything of the kind.

In reply to the suggestion of the honorable Secretary about the expediency of employing reliable persons not connected with he military service, for purposes of fatigue and police, I must say that I doubt whether such could be obtained here. They would certainly be of great assistance to us. The excitement here is too great. Captain Foster informs me that an adjutant of a South Carolina regiment applied to him for his rolls, stating that the wished to enroll the men for military duty. The captain told him that they had not right ot do it, as the men were in the pay of the United States Government. I presume that every able-bodied man in this part of the State, not in the service of the General Government, is now being or has been enrolled.

I will thank the Governor to give me special instructions reference to a question which may arise in these cases:

What shall I do if the State authorities demand from Captain Foster men who they may aver have been enrolled into the State service? Captain Foster will probably send such cases to me; what shall I do with them?

I hope that my command will very soon be strengthened, so far at the least as filling up these companies to the legal standard. This would enable me, at all events, to have our proper garrison military duties properly attended to.

I am inclined to think that if I had been here before the commencement of expenditures on this work, and supposed that this garrison would not be increased, I should have advised is withdrawal, with the exception of a small guard, and its removal to Fort Sumter, which so perfectly commands the harbor and this fort.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Regiment Artillery, Commanding.

Field report of command at Fort Moultrie, present this day.

Present for duty.	 Officers.	 Men.

Commissioned officers.	 *7	 ...

Band.	 ...	 8

Non-commissioned staff.	 ...	 2

Non-commissioned officers.	 ...	 17

Privates.	 ...	 3966

-----

Sick privates.	 ...	 2

Confined privates.	 ...	 79

 	 	 75

---------------

*Inclusive commanding officers, special service.

---------------

