
I also demand, as a right, that I be allowed to salute my flag, before lowering it, with one gun for each State now in the Union (32), and that my command be allowed to occupy the quarters assigned them until instructions can be obtained from the War Department.

Very respectfully,

F. C. HUMPHREYS,

Military Storekeeper Ordnance, U. S. Army.

Colonel JOHN CUNNINGHAM,

Seventeenth Regiment Inf., S. C. M.

CHARLESTON, S. C.,

January 1, 1861.

What disposition shall I make of the detachment under my command? We are very unpleasantly situated here.

F. C. HUMPHREYS,

U. S. Army.

Captain WM. MAYNADIER,

Charge of Ordnance Bureau.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

January 2, 1861.

F. C. HUMPHREYS,

U. S. Arsenal, Charleston, S. C.:

I want a report in detail of what has occurred; of the present position and condition of your command and property; as regards quarters and other accommodations, freedom of movement, and any statements or views in the matter that you may deem proper for a full understanding.

WM. MAYNADIER,

Captain of Ordnance.

CHARLESTON ARSENAL, S. C.,

January 3, 1861.

SIR: I received your dispatch last night and sent a reply by telegraph. I will now proceed to make a detailed report of the facts relative to the surrender of this arsenal, which I should have gone before but that my time has been fully occupied in getting proper vouchers for the property recently in my charge.

On Sunday morning last Colonel Cunningham marched a strong detachment of armed men into this arsenal (having several days before entirely surrounded it outside of the inclosure) and demanded the surrender in the name of South Carolina and by order of Governor Pickens. Having no force to make a defense, I surrendered under a protest, and demanded the privilege of saluting my flag before lowering it and of taking it with me, and that the command should occupy the quarters until instructions could be received from the War Department, which was granted.

Soon after, the arsenal and magazine were both opened, and the property has been constantly issued since-arms, ammunition, accouterments, &amp;c.

Myself and men and our families are very unpleasantly situated. There

