
more exciting than usual occurs to stimulate the extremely rash persons among a community already sufficiently upon he subject of their State relations.

I think that more troops should have been sent here to guard the forts, and I believe that no serious demonstration on the part o the populace would have met such a course. But, as it is decided not to do this, and to rely instead upon the Engineer employs for protection of the public property, I shall do everything in my power to carry out this purpose. I shall, of curse, exercise the necessary amount of prudence, and avoid any appearance of aiming, as I conceive this to be the wish of the War Department.

Very respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain Engineers.

[Indorsement.]

Colonel Cooper says this has been shown to the Secretary of War.

H. G. W. [WRIGHT.]

DECEMBER 6, 1860.

Numbers 3.] FORT MOULTRIE, S. C., December 1, 1860.

Colonel S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 28th ultimo, and regret that I have to report that hinds look more gloomy than the day at the date of my last communication. Captain Seymour, just returned from the city, reports that the excitement there is very great. Colonel E. B. White and other gentlemen, with whom he conversed, stated that the people of Charleston would not allow another man or any kind of stores to be landed at or for these forts. They say that anything which indicates a determination on the part of the General Government to act with an unusual degree of vigor in putting these works in a better state of defense will be regarded as an act of aggression, and will, as well as either of the other acts mention above, cause an attack to be made on this fort.

Two Charlestonians who were down here to-day remarked to me that as soon as the State seceded she would be taken; but that this would not be done sooner uncles some action on the part of the Government proved that it was preparing to hold possession of them.

The agent of the boat which brought the 24-pounder howitzer and ammunition is severely censured for having brought them, and the agent of the steamer james Adger was told that any vessel bringing troops here would not be safe in his harbor. Since writing the above I have seen Assistant Surgeon Crawford, who has also been in the city. He says that never until to-day did he believe that our position was critical. One of his friends told him that we would have trouble in less than fifteen days. He thinks that they will first attempt to take Fort Sumger, which they (justly) say will control this work. Castle Pinckney they regard as theirs already. Mr. King, the intentioned of this island, told the doctor that as soon as the act of secession was passed a demand would be made on me to surrender this fort. All these remarks lead to the same conclusion-a fixed purpose to have these works. The question for the Government to decide-and the sooner it is done the better-is,

6 R R

