
desired, would, the Secretary thinks, judging from the recent excitement produce on account of an anticipated increase,as mention din your letter, but and to that excitement, and might lead to serious results.

S. COOPER.

Numbers 4.] FORT MOULTRIE, S. C., December 2, 1860.

(Received A. G. O., December 5.)

Colonel S. COOPER, Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor o report that I have seen Captain Foster, and that he says that he told several gentlemen in Charleston yesterday that he intended commencing at once certain reapers at Castle Pinckney. He is satisfied, from the manner in which his remark was received, that no offense will be taken at his putting his workmen in the Castle. I shall, consequently, not interpose any objection to his doing so. He has applied to me for an officer to take charge temporarily of his workmen until and Engineer officer can be sent on, and although I cannot very well spare one, i shall, in consideration of my regarding that detachment as really acting the part of an advance guard for my command, take the responsibility of assigning Lieutenant Davis to that duty.

Captain Foster thinks that he will finish the small projection at the northwest salient of this work to-morrow, and he will then reappoint the walls of this fort (a work very essential) and commence digging a shallow wet ditch at or near the foot of the wall. The presence of quicksand prevents his digging a regular ditch, but he can dig one that will afford such an obstruction as will, with ordinary precaution, prevent our works being carried by a rush.

When he has finished these works I shall feel that, by the blessing of God, even my little command will be enabled to make such a resistance that the authorities of South Carolina will, though they may surround, hardly venture to attack us. We except a full supply of provisions about the 10th of this month. I trust that such arrangements will be made as will secure their delivery, as well as that taft the supply of ordnance and ordnance recently required.

Then, with men merely enough to enable us to keep up a respectable guard without wearing our men out, I would, in humble reliance on Providence, feel ready for any emergency that could reasonably occur.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT ANDERSON,

Major, First Artillery, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., December 2, 1860.

Colonel R. E. DE RUSSY,

Commanding Corps of Engineers, U. S. A., Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to request that application may be made to the War Department to have Colonel Huger, Ordnance Corps, issue to me four boxes of muskets (smooth-bores), with percussion caps for sixty rounds. Fifty of these muskets are required for Fort Sumter and fifty for Castle Pinckeny. The cartridge boxes and belts are not absolutely necessary, but I would like to have an equal number issued if it is movenient to do so.

Colonel Huger, whom I consulted upon the subject of the muskets,

