
was originally built at this angle, by subsequently, and apparently not many years since, destroyed by breaking off the upper part of the side walls, throwing the debris into the cut, and covering the parapet over it. i completed to-day the bastionette at the southwest angle, except the embrasures, the stones and some of the irons for which have not

MAP.

yeast been received. Before taking down the temporary bastionette at the southeast angle and commencing the permanent one, I shall, for the greater security of the small garrison, run out a wooden machicoulis gallery over the angel of the wall, and also complete the pointing of all large crevices int he scarp.

The posterns on the east and west curtains have been bricked up at Major Anderson's request, as he felt too weak to use them for sorties, and as the doors might be burst in, both the iron and wood work being old and defective.

I have been liberal of assistance in increasing the defensive capacities of the fort, for I felt that the necessity required. It I have abut 125 men at work her now, and shall continue the same number for two or three days, until I complete the ditch. On Fort Sumter I have about 115, and at Castle Pinckney 30, making a total of 260 men employed. The first of the embrasure stones for Fort Sumter having been received, the embrasures of the second tier will be immediately commenced.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. G. FOSTER,

Captain of Engineers.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, December 5, 1860.

Honorable JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In answer to your inquiry respecting a rumor of report of the recent landing at Fort Moultrie, S. C., of a large quantity of military stores, such as cannon and boxes of ammunition, I have to state that the rumor or report has no just foundation in fact. The only cannon or ammunition, excepting a few primers, which have been ordered to Fort Moultrie since September, 1859, were four small flank howitzers with their carriages and implements, and one hundred canisters and twenty-five shells for each. These supplies were furnished on requisition from the Engineer Department of 16th October, 1860, as part of the regular armament of the fort, for the flanking caponieres, which were just finished and ready to receive them. They were ordered from the

