
arsenals on the 20th October, 1860, but, being delayed in their and shipment, did not reach their destination till recently.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. MAYNADIER,

Captain of Ordnance.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 6, 1860.

Captain J. G. FOSTER,

Corps of Engineers, Charleston, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 30th ultimo has been received and laid before the Secretary of War for his information.

An additional officer [Lieutenant Meade] as an assistant at Castle Pinckney has been detailed, as you have been already informed by letter of the 5th instant.

Application has been made for a remittance of $1,800 from the "Contingencies of fortifications," to be applied to the purposes of Castle Pinckeny; but in the present low state of the Treasury it may be some time before it can be placed to your credit, though the amount is promised by the Treasury Department with the least practicable delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Captain of Engineers, in charge.

Numbers 6.] FORT MOULTRIE, S. C., December 6, 1860.

(Received A. G. O., December 10.)

Colonel S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt, on the 4th, of your communication of the 1st instant. In compliance therewith I went yesterday to the city of Charleston to confer with Colonel Huger, and I called with him upon the mayor of the city, and upon several other prominent citizens.

All seemed determined, as far as their influence or power extends, to prevent an attack by a mob on our fort; but all are equally decided in the opinion that the forts must be theirs after secession.

I shall, nevertheless, knowing how excitable this community is, continue to keep on the qui vive, as far as in my power, steadily prepare my command to the uttermost to resist any attack that may be made. As the State will probably declare itself out of the Union in less than two weeks, it seems to me that it would be well to discontinue all engineering work on this fort except such as is necessary to increase its strength. I have not pretended to exercise any control over that department, and have found Captain Foster generally disposed to accede to the suggestions I have ventured to make; and the suggestions I now make are not made in any unkind spirit towards him, as he is compelled to carry out the instructions of his department, but such as I feel it my duty to make, as being held responsible for the defense of this work. One of the bastionettes is nearly completed, now awaiting the arrival of the pintle blocks, without which the embrasure cannot be

