
CITY POINT, VA., July 9, 1864.

Major General W. F. SMITH,

Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps:

General Ord can be assigned to the command of your corps during your absence, if you think it advisable.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 9, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I think General Martindale perfectly competent to the command, and he knows the situation perfectly, which General Ord would have to learn. It would seem to be a want of confidence considering the shortness of time that I am to be absent, and I think General Martindale would feel hurt by it.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, July 9, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major-General SMITH,

Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps:

I have received a dispatch from General Grant asking me if it is possible to add to your force from the forces in my front. I have 2,435 old troops to hold my lines with. I have the negro troops, which you have returned as worthless for your purposes, and the 100-days' men. I could send you a brigade of 100-days' men, but their want of discipline would probably render them liable to the same objection which you urge, and justly against the negroes-want of training and experience. I have sent for General Brooks, to consult with him to see where, if possible, we can spare troops for you. As you had made no application to me for any additional force, while I knew such force would be desirable, yet I felt the necessity for them here was great, and, therefore, had not ordered them forward. Do me the favor to make the application to me for anything which you may think I am able to furnish, before sending to the lieutenant-general.

Respectfully,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 9, 1864. (Received 12.25 p.m.)

Major-General BUTLER:

When I sent my dispatch for more troops direct to the headquarters of the Armies of the United States I was under the impression that it would be impossible for you to send me any troops from any portion of your line, and did not know but that by a concentration of some portion of the line of the Army of the Potomac I would be able to get some relief from there. This was my only reason for sending my dispatch direct.

WM. F. SMITH,

Major-General.

