
CITY POINT, VA., July 10, 1864-10.30 p.m.

(Received 7 a.m. 11th.)

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I have sent from here a whole corps, commanded by an excellent officer, besides over 3,000 other troops. One division of the Nineteenth Corps, 6,000 strong, is now on its way to Washington, one steamer loaded with these troops having passed Fort Monroe to-day. They will probably reach Washington to-morrow night. This force under Wright will be able to complete with the whole force with Ewell [Early]. Before more troops can be sent from here Hunter will be able to join Wright, in rear of the enemy, with at least 10,000 men, besides a force sufficient to hold Maryland Heights. I think, on reflection, it would have a bad effect for me to leave here, and with General Ord at Baltimore, and Hunter and Wright with the forces following the enemy up, could do no good. I have great faith that the enemy will never be able to get back with much of his force.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 10, 1864-12.30 p.m.

(Received 9 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have sent no troops to Baltimore except Ricketts' division and the dismounted cavalry. Two divisions, the balance of the Sixth Corps, are now on their way to Washington, the advance having sailed at 10 a.m. The remainder are embarking and starting as fast as the steamers are loaded. I have sent General Ord to Washington. I would give more for him as a commander in the field than most of the generals now in Maryland. Probably it would be well to send him to Baltimore to command and hold the place of bearing arms. He should also have discretion to move out against the enemy. All other force, it looks to me, should be collected in rear of the enemy. All other force, it looks to me, should be collected in rear of the enemy about Edwards Ferry and follow him up and cut off retreat if possible. All losses sustained by loyal citizens can be paid back to them by contributions collected from rebel sympathizers after the enemy is got rid of.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT VA., July 10, 1864-1.30 p.m.

(Received 8.40 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Orders Numbers 225, of July 7, 1864, would take the Eighteenth Corps from the Department of Virginia and North Carolina and leave it a separate command, thus giving a third army in the field. As the Tenth Corps is also serving here, I would not desire this change made, but simply want General Smith assigned to the command of the Eighteenth Corps, and if there is no objection to a brigadier-general holding such a position, General W. T. H. Brooks to the command of the Tenth Corps, leaving both these corps in the department as before, the head-

