
There have been several deserters in to-day, some coming in as late as 10 a.m., up to which time there had been no changes, in Hill's or Longstreet's corps; they knew nothing of Beauregard's corps. Unless otherwise directed, I shall send the Second Corps to the Weldon road as soon as I can get a brigade of cavalry up here to go with it. I have just learned that two men from the Forty-eight Mississippi, Mahone's division, Hill's corps, have been captured by our men, they having come into the trenches to exchange papers. These men say they have heard nothing of any recent movement of any part of their army, and that Hill and Longstreet are now in our front. I have a scout out who expects to get into Petersburg, but I do not look for his return before to-morrow night.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,July 10, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Commanding U. S. Armies:

GENERAL: Your letters with reference to Mrs. Wadsworth and Mrs. Sackett are received. I have directed inquiries to be made for the effects of the late General Wadsworth, and if they can be found will take great pleasure in restoring them to his widow. I have also taken measures to ascertain the condition, and whereabouts of Colonel Sackett, and the information you ask shall be conveyed to you as soon as it can be ascertained. I regret, however, that it is not in my power to permit Mrs. Sackett to visit her husband at this time. The reasons that induce me to withhold my consent are applicable to the route she proposed to take, as indicated by you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICER OF CHIEF ENGINEER,

July 10, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

In conformity with instructions contained in paragraph 2 of orders dated June [July] 9, we submit the following plan for the operations against the enemy's works in front of the line occupied by this army:

First. The lines of the enemy being in front of the crest that overlooks Petersburg, the object to be attained is the possession of this crest, which will probably decide the fate of Petersburg.

Second. The general direction of the enemy's line from opposite the right of the Ninth Corps to the left of the Fifth is north and south; opposite the left of the Fifth Corps, near the plank or Jerusalem road, the line turns to the west, forming an angle with the first, somewhat greater than a right angle.

Third. The line is indented, and thus affords to a certain extend flank defense. At intervals batteries are placed, which may be increased in number almost at will. At certain parts, and notably at the angle and to the west of and near the plank road, there are strong redoubts prepared for guns, and within the angle the ground is favorable for the construction by the enemy of interior entrenchments.

