HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Jordan's Point, July 10, 1864.

Colonel R. M. BRYAN, Jr.,

Commanding Provisional Brigade, Cavalry:

Brigadier-General Gregg, commanding Second Cavalry Division, has been ordered to send out a regiment from his command and relieve the Eighth Pennsylvania Cavalry, now doing duty with you.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT CAVALRY CORPS,July 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: I send you by bearer a negro woman who lives in sight of the railroad near Doctor Gurley's house. She says the cars passed up once yesterday toward Petersburg and came back. Had on them soldiers as they went toward Petersburg. She was three trains go out from Petersburg this morning; the cars were empty. She says General Lee told the soldiers yesterday if they would capture for him one Yankee he would give the man who did it thirty days' furlough. A scout sent out in front of the Gurley house got within twenty or thirty yards of the enemy's pickets and saw the men in little pits, very much like our infantry skirmishers or pickets use; says that in the one on the road there were two, and a few moments after four others with bayonets fixed came walking down the road toward it. They did not see him, as he was concealed by bushes. He is of the opinion that their line is a picket-line protected by small rifle-pits.

I send this in Colonel Bryan's absence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. CARPENTER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

July 10, 1864.

The following changes in the dispositions of troops is ordered and will take place at 1 p.m. to-day: The right brigade First Division to relieve the right brigade of General Gibbon's division, which will take position on General Gibbon's left. The regiments detached from the Third Division return to their proper commands, and General Birney will then occupy that portion of the line vacated by the right brigade of the First Division. Division commanders are requested to be present during these operations, so that in case of any trouble during the shifting of troops the necessary orders may be given to meet the emergency. In case of any firing or indications of an advance of the enemy at the hour mentioned, the movements will be postponed until further orders.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

