HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,July 10, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders I have relieved the Sixth Corps picket-line by the brigade of General Miles. The whole brigade is required for this purpose, leaving none of it for the earth-works near the Williams house. In relieving my own picket-line I shall be obliged to supply the place of the 150 men of General Miles' brigade now on that line by a detail from the front line of my division, which will somewhat weaken that front line. I think, however, that the line of earth-works can be held, even with this reduction.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILES,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: Your brigade will remain on its present duty probably for a tour of three days. During that time it will be under the immediate orders of the major-general commanding the corps, so far as performance of picket duty is concerned. You will please communicate with the corps commander by reports and otherwise several times daily. You will also please report to me direct anything of moment that occurs. Please inform me at once how many posts you have and how many supports and reserves, and the strength of each. You will have to make some arrangement to allow part of your men to rest and sleep. Please let me know how long a tour of duty your command will stand with the rest which you can give them. In case you should be attacked and driven in you will occupy and hold the rifle-pits near the Williams house, on the left of General Gibbon. You will direct the rations due to-morrow morning to be issued in your present position. Of course, you will strengthen your picket-line by all the means in your power.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,July 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the regiments of this division ordered to General Gibbon's command have returned, and are now in the rifle-pits which were held by a brigade of the First Division, Second Corps, which has been removed to another position. No changes have taken place in the entrenchments of this division, and no new roads have been opened since my last report.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General of Volunteers.

