HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 5, 1864-8 p.m.

Colonel RICHMOND, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that there has been unusual activity in rear of the rebel lines toward the Clarke house to-day, and some digging. They have opened also two mortars about opposite my center.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,July 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Armies in the Field:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the reports* of the chief quartermaster and chief commissary of subsistence, Cavalry Corps, in reference to condition of supplies at White House on the arrival of my command at that place. My command reached the White House on the evening of the 20th. I found that the rebel cavalry had shelled the place in front of White House Landing from the high bluff in the direction of Tunstall's Station with from six to eight pieces, but no other demonstration was made. General Abercrombie, in command, informed me when I called to see him that the enemy was constructing rifle-pits on the bluffs surrounding the White House. I therefore crossed one division of cavalry, dismounted, at 2 o'clock on the morning of the 21st, directing it to attack the enemy on the Tunstall's Station road, and held the other division mounted and ready to cross. No rifle-pits were found on the bluffs and only the pickets of the enemy. I then crossed the other division. The enemy's two divisions of cavalry were found at Tunstall's and along the west bank of Black Creek, the whole force collecting at Tunstall's while I was getting over the horses of the dismounted division. During the night they retreated in great haste to Bottom's Bridge, followed up by small parties of our cavalry. On the morning of the 22nd I sent Torbert's division to Jones' Bridge to secure the crossing and got there first, having the short line. I then brought the train across the river, in all over 800 wagons, and was then ready to move. The forage arrived about the same time in great abundance; the subsistence not until 9 or 10 o'clock at night. I had to wait for it and did not get off with the advance of the train until 2 o'clock on the morning of the 23d. This is the delay I referred to in my dispatch. I believe every exertion was made to get this subsistence up on the part of all concerned and especially by General Getty, as soon as he found supplies were short.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,July 5, 1864.

Colonel J. I. GREGG,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division:

COLONEL: You will at once send all the dismounted men of your brigade, with their arms and such horse equipments as they may have

---------------

*Not found as enclosures.

---------------

