HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS,July 10, 1864.

General PALMER:

The following are the contents of a letter just received by flag of truce. Any reply? I will send letter proper by a.m. train:
HEADQUARTERS,Kinston, July 8, 1864.

General I. N. PALMER,

Commanding U. S. Forces, New Berne, N. C.:

GENERAL: Mrs. Bourne, of South Carolina, arrived here safely last evening. She leaves for her home this morning. I should have answered your communication of June 24 before, but Mrs. Colonel Folk wished to send a bundle to Colonel Folk. I was waiting to receive it from her. The package arrived here last night, which I forward to you. You will please forward it to him if he has left. I send also a package of letters by flag. You will please forward them to prisoners. I send also two trunks of Miss Jane A Clark and sisters. The box for Mrs. W. C. Whitford was not received. If you will have it sent out to Street's Ferry I will have it forwarded to her. Miss Cole will be received if she has permission to leave your lines. An ambulance will be at Street's Ferry in readiness to convey her up on Monday the 11th instant at 10 a.m. I was very sorry to learn by Mrs. Bourne that my pickets fired on your flag near Swift Creek on the 6th instant. It was the fault of the officer in charge of the flag. He should have advanced only two men with the flag when coming in sight of the picket instead of bringing his troopers all in abreast together in a thick country like that he was passing through and a narrow road where the pickets could not see his flag.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN N. WHITFORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

P. J. CLAASSEN,

Colonel, U. S. Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, July 11, 1864-8 a.m.

(Received 12th).

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Yours of 10.30 p.m. yesterday received, and very satisfactory. The enemy will learn of Wright's arrival, and then the difficulty will be to unite Wright and Hunter south of the enemy before he will recross the Potomac. Some firing between Rockville and here now.

A. LINCOLN.

WASHINGTON, July 11, 1864-12 noon.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

General Wright has just arrived, and a part of his corps will soon be in. He will take position, until ready for the field, near Fort Sumner, on the Potomac, above Chain Bridge. We can give him transportation, but very little or no artillery. Please send up his batteries as nearly ready for the field as possible. Enemy close to our lines on Rockville road, skirmishing with our cavalry and pickets. His cavalry advance is pretty strong, with artillery and infantry behind, but how much not ascertained. Accounts from Wallace indicate that he was badly cut up. Militia ordered from New York to Baltimore delayed by the Governor for some reason not explained. Pennsylvania will do nothing to help us. The President has seen your telegram about putting Ord in Wallace's place at Baltimore, but has given me no orders on the subject.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

