
CITY POINT, VA., July 11, 1864-3p.m.

(Received 9 a.m. 12th).

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

General W. T. H. Brooks has tendered his resignation, which I approve. If General Ord is not already assigned to duty, or if on temporary duty, I wish to have him assigned to the command of the Tenth Corps, and ordered to it as soon as he can be spared.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 11, 1864-1.30 a.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch of 12 just received. It would seem to quiet all apprehension about Lee or any considerable portion of his force being gone, and, therefore, obviate the necessity of making any demonstration. Unless necessary, I would prefer being quiet until we make a real move, and will take what you report as being sufficient evidence of Lee and his forces being still in our front. There is great alarm felt in Washington. Wallace has been whipped at Monocacy bridge, and driven back in great confusion. He had with him a part of Ricketts' division. I have sent Ord up there to command Baltimore, and to press into service every able-bodied man to defend the place, and asked that Wright be sent with his two divisions and the one division of the Nineteenth Corps, a portion of which passed Fort Monroe about noon to-day, to form a junction with Hunter, who must be at Harper's Ferry to-night, and for them to follow up in the enemy's rear. Taking all together everything looks favorable to me, but I want to avoid the possibility of Lee getting off with a great part of his force without taking advantage of it. I think you had better order Sheridan to get ready for service as soon as possible, but with the assurance that this troops will not be used until it is necessary.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 11, 1864-11 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Nothing of importance occurred on the lines of this army during the past twenty-four hours not previously reported. The redoubts to cover the left flank will be completed to-day and the contraction of the line made by their occupation effected either to-night or to-morrow. This contraction will leave the Second Corps free, the lines being held by the Fifth Corps and Ferrero's division. A negro came in this morning who lives near Doctor Guerly's house; he reports the enemy having an earth-work where the road from Gurley's house crossed the railroad; infantry in it. Does not know of any guns; says the infantry pickets extend along the railroad about half a mile below Aiken's house, which is below Gurley's; their cavalry pickets extend to Reams' Station and beyond; at Reams' Station reports cavalry in considerable force; trains are reported as passing up and down the road; contents unknown.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

