HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The following just received and forwarded:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 11, 1864-2 p.m. (Sent 2.20 p.m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The station north of the City Point railroad in front of Fort Clifton, reports a large column of dust rising in front of the Eighteenth Corps and southwest of Petersburg, but fails to indicate the cause of it, thought I suppose they were unable to tell. There is much traveling upon the Petersburg and Richmond road in both directions, by horsemen, ambulances, and wagons. The following rebel messages taken:

"Colonel BRENT:

"One gun-boat above and one below the pontoon.

"W. S. L.,

"CO. BUR."

"L. H. B.:

:Are you going this p.m. and at what time? When shall H. be ready? Answer.

"ROUX."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain, &amp;c.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 11, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICER OF PROVOST-MARSHAL GENERAL,

July 11, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: A deserter from Eight Alabama, Mahone's division, just received from Colonel Bryan, commanding detachment Cavalry Corps. He states that Hill's entire corps left the front yesterday at 5 p.m. Informant was in town when they moved, having a pass from General Sanders, commanding his brigade, to purchase mess stores. Came out of Petersburg about 8 p.m., and found his corps had moved toward the Weldon railroad with McIntosh's battalion of artillery. Could not find out where or which way they went after they reached the railroad. Was told in Petersburg that the corps was moving, citizens thought to Pennsylvania. Informant thinks they have gone south down the railroad. About 2 or 3 o'clock this a.m. he saw a train of twenty or more box-cars going into Petersburg, also another about the same length at 4 or 5 o'clock. The cars were all closed and no soldiers to be seen on them; thought they run heavy as thought they were loaded. That Longstreet's corps and Beauregard's forces had closed up the space left by the removal of Hill's corps. Informant saw the old line Hill had occupied filled up again by Longstreet's corps and the Washington Artillery moved into the works vacated by McIntosh's battalion. That there are no double lines now, or any reserves. Informant came out of the city along the line nearly all the way. He says it is the same in length as before.

J. C. BABCOCK.

Above just received. It confirms the intelligence sent at 10.30 from another deserter. There appears no doubt that Hill's corps or a portion of it moved last evening, but there is nothing to indicate the direction taken. It may prove a movement on our left flank due to the withdrawal of the Sixth Corps. I have directed the cavalry on our left to push out scouts in all directions.

GEO. G. MEADE.

