HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 11, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have questioned the last deserter from Mahone's division, Hill's corps. He tells a straight story; that he left his division yesterday at 7 a.m. on a pass into Petersburg; that on his return at 7 p.m. the division was gone, bag and baggage, hospitals and all; that he understood they moved up to the railroad, which he took advantage of by going to the railroad outside the works and following down the railroad till he got out three or four miles, when he slipped across and came into our lines. He says he could hear nothing of his division along the railroad, and saw no stragglers. He says Heth's division left at the same time, and that he heard in Petersburg a report that Hill's corps was going to Pennsylvania. Per contra, the signal officer on the Jordan house reports two trains filled with troops and having artillery as passing into Petersburg from Richmond at 4 a.m. this morning. I think there is no doubt Hill has moved, but in what direction is as yet uncertain. It may be on our left flank or it may be to join Early.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., July 11, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

If Hill's corps has gone we must find out where it has gone and take advantage of its absence. If your cavalry does not succeed in ascertaining to-day where it has gone, I think it will be advisable to get up all the well-mounted men of one division of Sheridan's cavalry to-night and push it out until definite information is obtained. If they have gone to Washington we will try to carry Petersburg before detaching further from this army. The best way to accomplish this will probably be by turning the enemy's right with Hancock's and Warren's corps and Sheridan's cavalry with heavy columns of assault from Burnside's and Smith's corps on one well chosen point on the front of one or the other of these corps, probably about the Hare house.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 11, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

No further information has been obtained of the enemy's movements since last dispatch. All efforts of our scouts to get through the enemy's pickets on the railroad have failed, and the cavalry I have here is so miserable they have done nothing. I have no doubt Hill's two divisions that were in my front yesterday moved last night, and as nothing has been heard or seen of them on our left flank I conclude they have been sent to re-enforce Early. Intelligence of Early's success, combined with the knowledge of the departure of the Sixth Corps, together with a confidence in the strength of his lines and his capability to hold them with a diminished force, has doubtless induced Lee to send Hill

