
in hopes of thus transferring the seat of operations to Maryland and Pennsylvania, by drawing the greater portion of your army there to defend Washington and Baltimore. I have ordered a division of cavalry here, and expect it will be up during the night. I have also drawn the Second Corps from the line it held and by daylight to-morrow will have it massed ready for a move in any direction that may be desired. I am a little doubtful of sending the cavalry division alone, as all the information I have obtained places all of Hampton's cavalry south of the Appomattox, at Stony Creek, Reams', and Dinwiddie Court-House, evidently posted in anticipation of another raid on our part. There are two negroes out in the enemy's lines, who are expected back during the night with some definite information. I shall not give any orders to Hancock or the cavalry to-night, but await the arrival of the latter and more definite information or your instructions. I should have mentioned as confirming Hill's movement that heavy clouds of dust were observed to-day on a road leading northwest from Petersburg on the north side, and that the following intercepted rebel message was read by our signal officer:

L. H. B.

Are you going this p.m. and at what time? When will H. be ready?

Answer.

ROUX.

There is said to be an officer of the name of Roux on Lee's staff. I had commenced the erection of batteries and other preparations for siege operations on Warren's front, but if there is any probability of his being moved the guns and materials would have first to be sent to the rear; also, Burnside should have some time to prepare to cover his left flank. He has been ordered to make his arrangements.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICER OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

July 11, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from the Forty-eighth Mississippi, Harris' brigade, Mahone's division, has just been forwarded from the headquarters of the Fifth Army Corps. He came into our lines about 10 o'clock last evening. He states that he left his brigade at their breast-works about 7.20 p.m. yesterday. He had just returned from a visit to Davis' (Mississippi) brigade, of Heth's division, which lay on the right of Mahone's old brigade and formed the left of Heth's division; that Davis' and Cooke's brigades, of Heth's division, had cooked rations, and were under marching orders, expecting to move at dark. He does not know that any other brigades in Heth's division were under marching [orders] or not. He knew of no marching orders having been issued to his division (Mahone's), or any part of it.

NOTE.-The deserter from the Eighth Alabama, who reported the movement of Hill's entire corps, has been confronted with informant to ascertain, if possible, why their statements are so opposite. Having discussed the matter and comparing times we have concluded that both

