
for U. S. Colored Troops, 59; total,654. As the Surgeon-General has directed that no more sick are to be sent to Washington this number may be expected to be on the increase daily.

The hospitals and appointments are in admirable condition. The patients are clean and neatly clad, the bedding is comfortable, the tents are well aired, and the dispensaries are well supplied with everything. Order and comfort prevail throughout. The condition of the cavalry hospital in charge of Doctor Mitchell could hardly be improved.

Guards.-For want of a sufficient force, at present there are no guards in or about any of the hospitals. One hundred men, with a complement of officers, could be well employed in guarding public property, preserving order, and enforcing police regulations, thus allowing the labor of the men already there to be applied more immediately to the sick and wounded, which will be necessary when their numbers shall be increased.

Respectfully submitted.

ED. SCHRIVER,

Inspector-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 28. July 11, 1864.

Until further orders, sutlers whose commands are with this army or which may join it from time to time, will be permitted to supply their respective commands with such articles as are included in the Wilson bill, and the supplement thereto, in such manner as may be prescribed by the provost-marshal-general of this army. Officers will be permitted to obtain such articles as they may desire,and are not included in the Wilson bill, in the manner provided for by paragraph 5 of a circular issued by the provost-marshal-general of this army November 7, 1862. Attention is called to paragraph 3 of General Orders, No. 105, of December 11, 1863, from these headquarters, respecting the delivery of wines and liquors ordered by officers, and to paragraphs 7 and 9 of Special Orders, No. 227, of August 24, 1863, from these headquarters, regulating the quantity of stores that may be ordered by officers. Sutlers and traders will at all times hold themselves in readiness to leave the army upon short notice. The orders above cited are published as an appendix to this order.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Camp Near Rectortown, Va., November 7, 1862.

The following "regulations to govern trade" having been approved by the major-general commanding this army are published for the information and guidance of all concerned.

* * * * *

5. No sutler or trader will be allowed to keep or sell within the lines of this army, any wines, liquors, or intoxicating drinks of any kind whatever; nor will these articles be passed within the lines, excepting when ordered by an officer for his own use, with the approval of his brigade or

