HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 11, 1864.

(Sent 6.25 p.m.)

Colonel BRYAN,Commanding Cavalry Detachment:

The commanding general directs that you hold your command ready to move with Gregg's division, which will be up on the left to-night, with three days' rations and two days' forage. It will move by daylight to-morrow.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. PROVISIONAL BRIGADE, CAVALRY CORPS, July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel C. H. MORGAN,Chief of Staff, Second Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor an intelligent negro acting as scout for me, who gives me the following report: The enemy have infantry pickets in my front from Aiken's house past Doctor Gurley's and extending about half a mile below in the direction of Reams' Station. The cavalry then take up the line, and at Reams' Station are in considerable force - cannot say how many. He heard them talking among themselves, saying they had not men enough to make the line as strong as it should be-" not enough to give them the regular distance." These were their words. At the point where the road from Doctor Gurley's strikes the railroad they have an

earth-work on the west side of the railroad; there is infantry in it; does not know if any guns. A train of cars passed about daylight this a.m., going toward Petersburg. Do not know further as to what they contained. This negro, referred to above, live just between the pickets and has the entree of the enemy's lines by day, coming to mine at night. He is trying to get his wife and family through and I have promised him protection if he does.

Very respectfully,

T. M. BRYAN, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 11, 1864-12.15 p.m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold yourself ready to occupy the redoubts along the plank road at a moment's warning. General Hancock is ordered to hold himself ready to move at a moment's warning, and will be directed against Hill's corps, should it be ascertained that corps is moving against our left flank. Deserters report it to have moved last night. In the event of Hancock moving you will occupy the redoubts.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

11 R R-VOL XL, PT II

