
to make and where the left of your picket-line will be, as I am ordered to connect. It will be nearly daylight before my arrangements are completed for abandoning my line.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 11, 1864-10.15 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

Your dispatch received. I send you my instructions* to Generals Crawford and Griffin. Crawford's picket-line is to connect with yours. You can confer with his as to where his line will rest.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 11, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General CRAWFORD and GRIFFIN:

Brigadier-General Griffin will put sufficient force to-night on his left on the plank road so as to be able to hold it with General Crawford's line reduced to a strong picket-line. Brigadier-General Crawford will occupy the large redoubt and the batteries on the plank road near it with a brigade. He will also occupy the redoubt near his own headquarters with a sufficient force, and will leave his picket-line in its present position connecting with that of the Second Corps. These movements are to carry out the accompanying order+ from headquarters Army of the Potomac.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: Your letter of instructions of 9.30 p.m. is not at all clear. It directs that I occupy the plank road on my left with a sufficient force so as to be able to hold it with General Crawford's force reduced to a strong picket-line, and in the next clause you indicate that General Crawford shall occupy nearly the same ground with the brigade. I would furthermore state, for the information of the major-general commanding, that I have but one brigade in reserve, which is encamped about 600 yards from the plank road. If the order just received contemplates the moving of this brigade I would ask that a staff officer be sent to me to point out the position it is intended to hold.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See Warren to Crawford and Griffin,9.30 p.m., next, post.

+See Humphreys to Warren,8.50 p.m.,p.162

---------------

