HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, Before Petersburg, Va., July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: My batteries have been firing during the day at intervals at the houses in my front, to drive out sharpshooters. The houses appear to be pretty well riddled. A working party of the enemy was discovered about 2 this p.m. of considerable numbers. Tents were pitched in their rear. Roeme's battery was opened on them, and they soon retired. Captain Twitchell is using one of his guns, light 12s dismounted, in mortar practice, with every good effect, several shells exploding in the enemy's lines.

A white flag was displayed on the enemy's works at 5.30 p.m. Orders were immediately issued to cease the firing, but to hold no communication with the enemy until I should receive orders from your headquarters, which matter was reported promptly. A soldier from their works came out and offered to exchange papers. This was refused, and the firing recommenced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 11, 1864-9 p.m.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,Commanding Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you change your position at daylight and occupy that redoubt on the old Norfolk road and the line extending from that point to the last redoubt on the plank road, which will be occupied by General Warren's troops. The short line of trench from the redoubt on the old Norfolk road to the swamp on the left you will also occupy. The line indicated is that upon which your troops have been at work to-day. You will throw out a suitable line of pickets in front. General Hancock is ordered to concentrate his corps in the vicinity of the Williams house by daylight and establish a picket-line in the general direction and position and position of his present line of entrenchments. In the event of his being detached, you will see that a proper connection is made between your pickets and those of General Warren. I will notify you of such change.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 11, 1864-2.15 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send here at once a division with its artillery. The division commander will leave his division at some convenient point on our left on the Jerusalem plank road and report in person for instructions at these headquarters.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

