
Moffit,commanding Third Indiana Cavalry,at Cocke's Mill, to-morrow, July 12, at 6 a.m.; the men to be provided with three days' rations and forage. This regiment will picket all the roads in the vicinity of Cocke's Mill, particularly the road toward Prince George

Court-House, and the road to the left of the church on Prince George Court-House road near Cocke's Mill; the commanding officer to send diagram of the division of his pickets as soon as possible, and to report in writing once a day at least the condition of his line.

I am, colonel, with high regard, your obedient servant,

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 11, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding,&amp;c.:

Have you any recent information from Wilcox's division? It did cross the James River early this month and was said to have gone to Chaffin's Bluff. I would like to know if it is still there.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, In the Field, July 11, 1864-12.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding,&c.:

Wilcox's division, of Hill's corps, consists of Scales', Lane's, McGowan's (now Conner's), and Thomas' brigades. We have deserters this morning from Thomas' brigade, which is on their right and rear from the Junction to Swift Creek. They report Scales' brigade holding the line from Swift Creek to the Appomattox. McGowan's (Conner's) and Lane's brigades are in our front opposite Deep Bottom. We h ad deserters from them yesterday. Allowing 300 men to a regiment, the division has 5,700 men. Thomas' brigade is very small about 800 men. McGowan's (Conner's) is reported not over 1,000 men. Lane not over 1,200, probably not over 1,000. Of Scales' brigade we have no accurate information. Calling it 1,200 strong and the division has 4,200 men. We have no accurate information as to Lee's whereabouts. Some say be is at Petersburg and some at Richmond. I am inclined to think he is not at either place.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, July 11, 1864-12.25 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding Armies of the United States:

Colonel Jaquess and Mr. Gilmore are here, and are, of course, desirous to go forward on their mission. If you desire them to go, and will trust to me to get them though the lines, I think I can accomplish it.

