HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, July 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEITZEL,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following dispatch has just been received and is respectfully forwarded:

RIVER-BANK SIGNAL STATION, Spring Hill, July 1864-6.30 p.m.

Captain NORTON:

A train of thirteen cars partly loaded with troops just passed the Junction toward Petersburg.

A. G. SIMONS,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

Very respectfully,&amp;c.,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE TRAIN, Broadway Landing, Va., July 11, 1864.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I have the honor to make the following statement as to the organization of my siege train proper: My headquarters are at this landing, where I have two wharves and room for more if required. My ordnance is all afloat, being landed only as called for. I have a tug and a train of fifty wagons placed at my disposal by General Ingalls, and four 8-horse artillery teams, harness,&c., belonging to Captain Korte's (Third Pennsylvania) battery, in my command, as commander of siege artillery of General Butler's army. I have a telegraph at my headquarters. I have four companies, under command of Major Trumbull, First Connecticut Artillery, with Eighteenth Army Corps. They serve ten 30-pounder Parrotts, ten 8-inch mortars, and ten Coehorn mortars, and one 13-inch mortar. I have one company and a half, under command of Captain Brooker, First Connecticut Artillery, with Ninth Army Corps, with another company awaiting orders. They serve six Rodman guns and four 8-inch mortars, with six Rodman guns ready parked for forwarding at an hour's notice. The remaining five and a half companies of my regiment serve the heavy and some of the light guns, in position on the Bermuda Hundred lines, where, as commander of the siege artillery for General Butler's force, I also command Company M, Third Pennsylvania Artillery, and Companies A and H, Thirteenth New York Artillery (both heavy); total, thirty-one guns and two heavy mortars. Four unloading ammunition I have a permanent detail of two companies (125 men) of One hundred and thirty-eighth Ohio National Guard (100-days' men). They are in camp near my headquarters. By this statement you will see that my command is now fully employed.

Should it be decided to place more siege artillery in position, I would respectfully request that Colonel Tidball's regiment, Fourth New York, be assigned to my command until the return of the Second Connecticut Artillery. With one battalion of this regiment I should propose to relieve four of my companies in the Bermuda Hundred lines, which, with the other two battalions of the Fourth New York Artillery, would then

