
who stated that he left his corps in the morning on a pass so go into Petersburg. Returning in the evening he found the corps gone. Other deserters since in state that the corps has not moved.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 12, 1864-12 m.

(Received 1.20 p.m. 13th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Give orders assigning Major General H. G. Wright to supreme command of all troops moving out against the enemy, regardless of the rank of other commanders. He should get outside the trenches with all the force he possibly can and should push Early to the last movement, supplying himself from the country. This will not place General Wright over General Augur, who commands the defenses, but will place him in command of such of his troops and commanders as my be sent outside. The Sixth Corps has all reached Washington and Baltimore, and two divisions of the Nineteenth Corps must reach there during to-morrow, besides the dismounted cavalry sent from here. This, with Hunter's force, must be sufficient to guard all our fortifications and leave an abundant force to go outside. To this time re-enforcements have been sent from here as fast as transportation could be provided, and then hospital steamers have been used at that. Longstreet's corps is here, deserters being received from it within the last day. General Ord should move out from Baltimore cautiously the moment it becomes evident the enemy has left his front, or so weakened it as to enable him to do so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 12, 1864.

(Received 13th.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

It appears that the Senate at their late session adjourned without confirming the appointment of Brigadier General James H. Wilson, U. S. Volunteers. The Secretary of War directs me to inform you that a new letter of appointment has this day bee issued for that officer with original date of rank October 30, 1863, which will be forwarded you by mail.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1864-7 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send two dispatches containing the latest information from scouts and deserters. They change the whole face of affairs, and would indicate a movement on our left flank, a negro at work yesterday afternoon near the railroad asserting that he saw troops passing

