
south. It may be that they are preparing to meet another attempt on our part to destroy the road, or they may themselves be endeavoring to get in our rear. As soon as our cavalry is up I will send out to feel for the enemy.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, July 11, 1864-11.45 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

Two deserters (brothers) from the Eighth Georgia Regiment, of Anderson's brigade, Field's division, Longstreet's corps, have been forwarded from the headquarters of the Fifth Corps. They came into our lines between sundown and dark this p.m. One of them states that he came out on picket last night about 100 yards in front of the works and had not been relieved when he left. His brother, left the line of works about dark, and states that all of Longstreet's corps is there and in the same position it has been occupying for the last week or more. Their brigade occupies a position at a sharp angle in the works running back from a deep ravine. One brigade of their division is to the right of their brigade, and Robertson's [Gregg's] and Law's brigades to their left, reaching to the Norfolk railroad. The think Beauregard's forces stretch from the Norfolk railroad to the Appomattox. The Kershaw's division, of their corps, is on their right, joining A. P. Hill's corps, and Pickett's division on the extreme right of the line on the north side of the Appomattox. Nothing is known by either of informants of any movements of A. P. Hill's corps or any part of it. There were rumors in camp last night that some of the troops were cooking rations ready for a march, by up to 6 o'clock to-day there were no sings of any movement in their corps.

NOTE.-The deserter who brought information of the movement of the entire corps of A. P. Hill stated positively that Longstreet had moved up and occupied the place vacated by the corps.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel,&amp;c.

Per JNO. C. BABCOCK.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1864.

General A. A. HUMPHREYS:

A deserter from Finegan's (Florida) brigade came into our lines about 9 o'clock last night. He has been out on picket since last Friday and has not been to the line of works but once during the time, and that was Sunday night. Last night just before he came into our lines his post brigade of Mahone's division, Wright's, was on the move; that it was understood we had again cut the Weldon railroad, and that they were moving in that direction down the railroad; that more were going. This is all he knows concerning the movement, but the thinks his friend's

12 R R-VOL XL, PT III

