
last night sent a party of fifty men across from Deep Bottom to Dutch Gap. At 2.30 this morning they crossed to Cox's Wharf and captured one officer and twelve men, burned a mill, shop, and dwelling, and captured a quantity of small-arms, a galvanic battery, two boxes of powder and a torpedo, and returned without casualty.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1864-10.45 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Headquarters Armies of the United States:

I send you the latest information received. It shows how conflicting is the information we receive, and how accurately the enemy is posted in our affairs. Mahone's division, of Hill's corps, has now been positively placed in our front, on our left and rear, and on its way to Pennsylvania.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 12, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

General Crawford sends the following, received 10 a.m.:

SKIRMISH LINE FIRST BRIGADE, July 12, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel STRANG:

COLONEL: The troops in front of our line belong to Mahone's division, Hill's corps. The regiment in our immediate front is the Eleventh Alabama Sharpshooters. The communicative rebel with whom my agent conversed asked if our Second Corps had not moved, and also if we had not contracted our lines. He said they knew all about our movement. A deserter from the Second Corps went into their lines yesterday morning and gave them considerable information. He said that their regiment was usually put out of the front when an attack was expected. Mahone's division was formerly Anderson's division, opposite us last winter. No paper was obtained, but one would be given in the afternoon. I did not allow any paper to go, save Harper's Weekly. The rebel was very anxious to see our latest papers; did not know anything about the Maryland campaign.

W. B. KIMBALL,Captain, Thirteenth Massachusetts Volunteers,&amp;c.

FRED T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The latest intelligence from Gregg, at 2 p.m., he had met the enemy's cavalry, both on the Reams' Station road and also on the plank road near Proctor's Tavern. I have moved my headquarters to the Prince George Court-House road, about half a mile west of Birchett's and near the Fifth Corps hospital.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.

