
[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,July 5, 1864.

I certify upon honor that as provost-marshal of the Third Division, Cavalry Corps, upon the late raid, orders were given me by Brigadier-General Wilson commanding division, to use my whole energy and the force at my command to prevent the taking and destroying of private property. Guards were stationed at nearly every house along the line of march by myself and by provost-marshals of brigades, who also employed their whole force in preventing straggling or plundering and foraging unless organized. I also certify that on or about the 30th of June, 1864, I was ordered by General Wilson to select some place before we arrived in camp after the termination of the expedition, and station my guard to seize all captured horses, mules,and other property, and turn the same over to the proper officers, which order has been, and is being, obeyed. In the individual acts of thieving that came under the notice of General Wilson, or were reported to him by me, he was particularly severe, and I was instructed to use saber and pistol, if necessary, to keep the men in the ranks, which in some cases was done. In one case where I reported the theft of a silver platter he ordered me to find out and arrest the man, and upon our return he would have him severely punished. Some days, owing to the rapidity of the march and the giving out of horses, there was considerable straggling and plundering. When done to any extent, must have been done by these and others who strayed from the line of flankers.

E. W. FRENCH,

Captain and Provost-Marshal, Third Division, Cavalry Corps.

JULY 5, 1864-11.20 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Commanding, &amp;c.:

Brigadier General E. W. Hinks was ordered by me to report for duty in command at Point Lookout because his wounds unfitted him for service in the field. General Hinks was taken from that post to come into the field, hoping to be able to go through. He is admirably fitted for that position. This order was made while that post was in my command and General Hinks started for his post, but since, I am informed, that post has been annexed to the Department of Washington. I desire, therefore an order from the lieutenant-general assigning General Hinks to that duty, relieving Colonel Draper, of the Thirty-sixth U. S. Colored, who is now detained from his regiment in that command and is a valuable officer. I believe it to be in contemplation to assign Brigadier General James Barnes to Point Lookout, but General Barnes is an educated, able-bodied officer, whose services, are much needed in the field.

BENJ. F. BUTLER.

Major-General, Commanding.

JULY 5, 1864-2.55 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, Commanding, &c.:

From the best information I can get from deserters and prisoners I am inclined to the opinion that Early's corps, with Imboden, Mosby and Breckinridge, are making a raid up the Valley near Harper's Ferry or Martinsburg. I think this may be reasonably relied on.

BENJ. F. BUTTLER,

Major-General.

