HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, July 12, 1864-2.15 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Davies reports his command within one mile and a half of Reams' Station. About one regiment of cavalry is resisting his advance. He finds the road frequently obstructed by felled trees; nothing as yet heard of the enemy's infantry. On the plank road the enemy's dismounted cavalry are strongly posted in the woods; the force is about one brigade. A sharp skirmish took place on the plank road beyond Warwick Swamp, in which we had some casualties. The force on the plank road is not strong enough to advance to Proctor's, eight miles distant, and no more can be sent there. I will state that the cavalry horses of this command are suffering for water, not having had any since yesterday afternoon. There is no water to be had anywhere in this vicinity.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

(Copy to General Humphreys.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 12, 1864-2[4] p.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 2.15 is just received. After carrying out the orders you have received from General Meade you can camp near the left of our line where you can find water, probably at Lee's Mill, as it is understood there is no water at Sturdivant's Mill, which would be the better place. General Meade desires you to picket the road on the left of General Bryan's detachment after your return. Without indicating to you any line of operations, I would suggest that after determining what is on the Reams' Station road, you should recall the main force sent in that direction and proceed toward Proctor's Store, and ascertain what is in that direction. If necessary to your safety I will send a force of infantry to the cross-roads near Gary's Church to hold that point during your advance. I will send a division or more, if necessary.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 2, 1864.

(Received 3.50 p.m.)

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch just received from Colonel Bryan:

An orderly from General Gregg has just arrived - time not noted. He left the advance about two miles from the junction of the plank road and the Reams' Station road and Reams' Station; slight skirmishing was then going on, but nothing severe.

C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff.

