HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY CORPS, Near Gary's Church, Va., July 12, 1864.

(Received 4.30 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Davies reports his advance within one mile of Reams' Station. Dismounted men are seen behind works near the station and cavalry formed in rear. Whether these dismounted men are infantry or cavalry the general cannot decide; nor can he ascertain since they are behind works. General Davies had fired a few shots with artillery without reply from the enemy. The country is very unfavorable for cavalry operations, being heavily wooded.

Yours, respectfully,

D. McM. GREGG,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 12, 1864-5.25 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

General Davies reports to General Gregg at 3.30 that he has been skirmishing with the enemy, and finds them strongly posted behind earth-works about one mile long, with flanks protected, and expresses the opinion that the whole division could not get to Reams' Station. I have sent Barlow's division to the cross-roads to give General Gregg an opportunity of using his whole force on either road to ascertain what is there. One Union man stated that Wickham's brigade was in Davies' front, with Hill's corps at the station. His note is rather illegible, but I understand General Davies to say several other citizens contradict the report about Hill's corps. The Union man says two of Hill's corps were at this house last night.

Respectfully,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

JULY 12, 1864-6.40 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The following just received from General Gregg:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION.

Major-General HANCOCK:

General Davies' brigade having returned from Reams' Station, I put my command in march for Proctor's, but, unfortunately, when my regiment fell back over the bridge to-day, some officer ordered it to be destroyed. Mounted troops cannot pass over it at all, and it will require so long a time to repair it that I have sent two mounted regiments around by Lee's Mill, to approach Proctor's in that direction. The infantry which you have order here will not be required. If the infantry is at Proctor's their presence will as certainly be known by going by Lee's Mill as by the plank road.

D. McM. GREGG.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

