HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 12, 1864-8 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

Colonel Smyth, brigade commander of the division on picket, reports that a force of the enemy struck tents and moved from his front about an hour since. He is on my right. He could not tell the number, but thinks it once or two brigades. By the dust he judged that they moved to our left.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1864-9 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

This dispatch, just received, is forwarded. It confirms my idea that the enemy will re-enforce the force at Reams', and not allow themselves to be dislodged without making all the resistance possible.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1864-8.30 p.m.

(Received 9.45 p.m.)

COMMANDING OFFICER SECOND CORPS:

Your telegrams of 5.25 and 8 p.m. received, and your course and that of General Gregg approved. The re-enforcement of the enemy as report by Colonel Smyth is in accordance with my expectations. I do not believe you can dislodge the enemy from the railroad without employing all your corps, and then the operation will depend on the capacity of the enemy to detach. I have submitted this in full to the lieutenant-general commanding, and am awaiting his orders. In the meantime you must remain where you are and be prepared either to advance or withdraw. If the former, I shall require the cavalry to assist you, would suggest your ascertaining whether they are well supplied with ammunition. If not, send at once for it, and also see that they do not get of forage and subsistence.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1864-9 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

The lieutenant-general commanding considers the object of the reconnaissance has been accomplished, and he does not desire any further operations of an offensive character. You can therefore make your arrangements to withdraw to-morrow after daylight to the position indicated, in rear of the left of the line of the Fifth Corps. You will give the necessary instructions to General Gregg to picket strongly all the line now picketed by Colonel Bryan and cover his position at Lee's Mill, or such point as is most convenient for him to water. You will

