
the road leading from the plank road by the Williams house to the railroad,and he will be ordered to remain there under your orders till you relieve him to-morrow night, and if you wish that

picket-line to be extended to the left as far as the plank road it will be done. These troops will be from General Gibbon's division, whose headquarters will be at the Southall house, and the rest of his division will be in that vicinity. Since writing the above I have received orders from General Meade which direct me to leave the picket-line, as suggested above, from your left to the plank beyond the Williams house. The rest of my command will be across the railroad behind General Gibbon. As soon as I leave, I have directed General Gregg to report to you, and also Colonel Bryan, who pickets nearest to you. If you should hereafter relieve my present picket-line there are several small roads leading out from the vicinity of the Jones house to that line which might be picketed by cavalry to give the infantry warning. Most of my picket-line is protected by abatis and slashing, and all the ground lately occupied by my line of battle is so protected, offering great facilities against attack.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

P. S.-I have destroyed all my entrenchments.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 12, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Upon further reflection, I think the best arrangement you can make with General Warren will be for your corps, while in reserve, to picket Ferrero's front. I do not like relying on the colored troops for this. I do not like relying on the colored troops for this duty in so important a position, and would prefer employing them on working party. I have made this suggestion to Warren. It will probably require a brigade. In taking your position to-morrow, I would like you to be as near supporting Warren's left as you can conveniently find suitable ground, and, if necessary for this purpose, you can order away any camps or trains or hospitals you may find occupying suitable grounds.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 12, 1864-11 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Order concerning picketing in front of Ferrero has been received and will be executed, at least until General Warren relieves them. i shall leave on my infantry picket from General Warren's left by the Williams house to the plank road, relieving all to the left of that, which will be covered by the cavalry. This I suppose to meet the general's views, and will so notify General Warren. When I last saw Colonel Bryan he feared his negro scout had been captured, as he had not returned at last report.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

