HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 12, 1864-5.15 p.m.

General BARLOW,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your division down the Jerusalem or plank road at once to the point where the Reams' Station road intersects the Jerusalem road. General Gregg has two regiments of cavalry at this point now. You will hold the cross-roads in order that General Gregg may move with his whole division down either road without any apprehension of an attack on his rear. At dark, if there be no trouble, and the cavalry be returning without difficulty, you can withdrawn your division to the position you now occupy.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 12, 1864-7.40 p.m.

General BARLOW,Commanding Division:

Unless something if importance transpires requiring you to remain, before this reaches you, the major-general commanding directs me to say that you can at once return to this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, July 12, 1864-8.10 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: General Gregg is unable to say at this moment whether he will push down the Jerusalem road to-morrow or not. If two regiments which he has sent out do not succeed in finding out what force is on the road, he (General Gregg) will push down the Jerusalem road in the morning with his whole division, and in that case will need my assistance to hold the cross-roads. Under these circumstances, I feel bound under my order to remain here to-night. My headquarters are on the left of the Jerusalem road at the house of Mr. Davis, just a little north of the cross-roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NEAR CROSS-ROADS, July 12, 1864-8.40 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: Your dispatch of 7.40 p.m. is just received. General Gregg may have to move his division down the Jerusalem road in the

