
morning and may require an infantry force here. Under the circumstances I decided to remain unless otherwise ordered. I have previous to this informed you of the circumstances of the case.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 12, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the portion of your picket-line directly in the presence of the enemy will not be relieved until after night, when it can be removed absolutely on due notice to Brigadier-General Crawford, who will either take it up or form a new line as General Warren may direct. If the corps should move, therefore, that part of your line not yet relieved on account of its proximity to the enemy will be left on till after dark.

Respectfully,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]

Lieutenant-Colonel GILKYSON,

Sixth New Jersey, Vols., Division Officer of the Day:

The general commanding the division directs me to say you had better have your headquarters at General Crawford's, of the Fifth Corps, so that in case it is necessary for him to communicate with you you may be easily found.

JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT CAVALRY CORPS, July 12, 1864-5.40 p.m.

(Received 6.10 p.m.)

Lieutenant Colonel C. H. MORGAN:

General Gregg met the enemy in heavy force about 2 p.m. beyond my extreme post across Warwick Swamp. The Second Pennsylvania went in dismounted and were forced to fall back with a major and lieutenant wounded, and a number left in the hands of the enemy. I suppose he must have advanced eventually, as my informant writes: "Firing is now heard in the direction of Reams' Station." General Gregg's headquarters are opposite Alley's farm at the point where the Reams' Station road forks from the Jerusalem plank road. Colonel Gregg's headquarters are on Alley's farm. Four regiments of rebel cavalry were seen in the fight.

T. M. BRYAN, Jr.,Colonel, Commanding.

