
also been directed to withdrawn the pickets which he has hitherto had in advance of his former position. This he is to do after conference with you, as I desire you to picket your front from there. Your line leaves the enemy around to Ferrero's left. General Ferrero and his division were this morning placed under your orders, and I wish you for the present to consider them as part of your line and command. As there are many demands on your corps, I have directed General Hancock to furnish you such force from his corps as you may require to enable you to do the picketing above ordered. I am somewhat doubtful of depending on the colored troops for this duty, and perhaps while the Second Corps is in reserve it would be well to assign the picket duty of Ferrero's division to that corps. This would render available more colored troops for working parties, which duty they perform very well. General Gregg, in command of a cavalry division, has been ordered to picket strongly all the ground in front of your left, which has hitherto been held by cavalry and infantry pickets. After General Hancock is withdrawn General Gregg has been directed to report to you all that occurs in his front.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 12, 1864-9 a.m.

General GRIFFIN:

The detail working on the redoubt near General Crawford's headquarters will cease working at that point. The finishing will be done by the engineers and troops ordered to occupy it.

Respectfully,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, July 12, 1864.

General WARREN:

A prisoner just in says that Heth's division and other troops have gone down the railroad toward our left or Reams' Station. The report was that it was for the purpose of trying to turn or attack us in the rear. I have sent the man to army headquarters in order to enable the information being sifted out. He is from the Florida battalion, and seems to be very candid. I believe his story has some truth.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] JULY 12, 1864.

The officer in charge of the Coehorn mortars on General Ayres' right will serve the mortars and receive orders while in his present position according as General Ayres directs.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

