
JULY 12, 1864-1.45 p.m.

Captain WEIR, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I am within one mile and a half of the railroad station, having driven the enemy's pickets about two miles. They now make a stand with, I should judge a regiment. The country is very thickly wooded, the road very narrow and hilly, also obstructed with felled trees we have had to clear away. I have not yet seen any place where artillery could be used. The enemy's force, as far as seen, is cavalry.

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIS, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, July 12, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Captain H. C. WEIR, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have been skirmishing and feeling the enemy since last report. He has a very good position, protected by breast-works and secure on both flanks, about one mile in extent. I have found them too strong to venture an attack on every part of their line. I opened on them with one piece, to which they did not reply. I could only throw into their skirmish line, as there is no position where a gun can reach their main force. They are very quiet, behaving much as they did at Saint Mary's Church, evidently waiting for a development of my force and seeking information, as small bodies of mounted men are continually riding off on both their flanks. I can also see behind their lines dust, indicating the movement of a large force. I have not engaged my whole command, as I have not deemed it prudent to place them in this position, where there is but one narrow road through a bad swamp in my rear. The First New Jersey and First Pennsylvania have both been and are now in action. I do not believe that this command can reach Reams' Station, or even the division.

Respectfully,H. E. DAVIS, Jr.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Major Wing reports to me hearing from a woman living here that Wickham's brigade is in my front, and that Hill's corps is at the station. Two of his men were at her house last night. Several other citizens corroborate this.

H. E. DAVIS, Jr.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 12, 1864-5.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG, Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I sent word by Captain Weir a few minutes since, that I would send a division of infantry to the point where the Reams' Station road intersects the plank road. The order* has already gone to the division commander.

Respectfully,your obedient servant,WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Morgan to Barlow,5.15 p.m.,p.189.

---------------

