
JULY 12, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH:

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The volunteer party of two officers and fifty men called for by General Butler last evening have just returned. They, in connection with part of a company Third Pennsylvania Heavy Artillery, landed at Dutch Gap at 9 last night; at 2.30 this morning to Cox's Wharf, where they captured 1 officer and 12 men; burned a mill, shop, dwelling, and outhouses, capturing a quantity of small-arms, a galvanic battery, two boxes of powder, and a torpedo. No casualties on our side. Please send copy to General Butler.

R. S. FOSTER.

Brigadier-General.

(Forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant.)

GENERAL ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 14. In the Field, near Hatcher's, Va., July 12, 1864

It has been brought to the knowledge of the brigadier-general commanding that in some of the regiments of this corps, he hopes in not more than one, officers are in the habit of associating on terms of familiarity with the enlisted men of their regiments, even to the extent of playing certain games together. If a proper sense of propriety and pride of profession will not stop this pernicious habit it is useless to issue orders on the subject for the government of officers. Any enlisted man hereafter found associating with officers, either playing at games, or otherwise, will be brought to trial for disobedience of orders.

By order of Brigadier General, W. T. H. Brooks:

ED. W. SMITH.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 76. In the Field, Va., July 12, 1864

In order to relieve the detachment of dismounted cavalry, which was been for many days on picket on the left, the following arrangements will go into effect:Brigadier-General Terry, commanding First Division, will send 200 men, properly officered, to report to Brigadier-General Ferry, commanding Third Division, who will thereupon relieve the dismounted cavalry, replacing them on the picket-line by the troops from General Terry's command. General Ferry will re-enforce these troops by at least 200 men from his own command. General Ferry will send 300 men of the 100-days' men to report to General Terry, to take post on the picket-line, diminished by 200 of his old men transferred to General Ferry's front.

By order of Brigadier General W. T. H. Brooks:

ED. W. SMITH.

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

