
gade, came in about 6.30 this a.m. Came out on picket about dark last evening. He reports that Heth's division returned yesterday morning about daylight and resumed their former position, and that Wright's brigade is in reserve in rear of his (Mahone's) division. Knows nothing of the whereabouts of Wilcox's division, of A. P. Hill's corps. Has not seen it for some time. Is positive it is not in position anywhere in the vicinity of his division, and does not think it is lying in reserve.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK,
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 13, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The above dispatch forwarded for your information. It proves Hill's two divisions are still in our front. It confirms the movement of Heth previously reported, and is in conformity with Gregg's report that he could find no infantry at Reams'. I now think the enemy having heard of Wright's movement sent Heth to Reams' to meet an attack on the road, which not being made, he was brought back; or he may have gone to guard returning trains.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

WALTHALL SIGNAL STATION,

July 13, 1864-9.45 a.m.

Captain FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

At 9.45 last evening heard a train of cars moving toward Richmond on the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad; and at 3 this a.m. heard another train moving on same road, but could not distinguish in which direction. The steam in direction of Whitehead's has disappeared. No movements observed. Intercepted message:

8.30 A. M.

Colonel BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General

No movements observed in the enemy's camps this a.m. Three gun-boats off Point of Rocks and one gun-boat below pontoon.

OPERATOR.

At C.

(Same to A. B.)

CHAS. L. DAVIS.

Captain, Signal Officer.

JULY 13, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Captain B. F. FISHER;.

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

Fifty mounted men just came into the city from the direction of Cemetery Hill.

C. L. DAVIS,

Captain and Signal Officer.

