
to the left, which may mean Reams' Station or Stony Creek, as the party may be facing. This corroborates Colonel Brinton's report, that the tracks were in the direction of the former place.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, July 13, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

We have in front of us here, from Walthall, Junction to the Appomattox, Thomas' and Scales' brigades, of Wilcox's division, of Hill's corps and in front of General Foster upon the north side of the James are Lane's and McGowan's (now Conner's) bridges, of the same division and corps, making the whole of Wilcox's division present here. In the rear of Pickett's division, which is in my immediate front, a deserter states Davis' brigade of Heth's division of Hill's corps to be stationed, acting as a reserve brigade. From all the information I can get I do not believe for a moment that any of Hill's corps have gone north.

B. F. BUTLER.

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., July 13, 1864

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Please inform Captain Smith, of the navy, that the rebels have placed a battery at Wilcox's Landing, and request him to send a gun-boat or two down to dislodge them. The difficulty in landing troops there, I presume, will render it useless to send any down, but if you think a speedy landing can be effected and can spare the troops, you may send down a regiment. I think no greater force necessary. They would be under the protection of gun-boats if the enemy were found superior to them. If any troops are sent instruct them to destroy as much of the crops as they can, but to keep out of the houses.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, July 13, 1864-7.50 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point;

General Butler is absent out on the line. He has already directed General Graham to dislodge the rebels at Wilcox's Landing. I have no doubt it will be done. In view of these facts do you wish me to communicate your dispatch to Captain Smith?

Respectfully,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Acting Chief of Staff.

