
CITY POINT, VA., July 14, 1864-3 p.m.

(Received 7.30 a.m. 15th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Dispatch from Mr. Dana, just received, indicates the enemy leaving Maryland. If so, instructions ought to be sent to Fortress Monroe directing the Nineteenth Corps as they reach there to be sent here. Ord telegraphs a rumor in Baltimore that the enemy have sent to Point Lookout to rescue prisoners there.* This can hardly be possible in view of the narrow outlet through which they would have to go in passing Washington with them. I call attention to the rumor, however, that you may direct the proper steps, if such a thing should be possible. I think it well to notify the Navy Department of this,that they may prevent the possibility of an attempt to cross the Potomac in boats.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 14, 1864

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c,:

There is no chance now of getting any more horses for the cavalry for at least two weeks. This will be too long a time to wait before making another raid upon the enemy's communications. You may notify Sheridan to get ready at the earliest practicable day. I will order Kautz to report to him with his available cavalry. The cavalry will require a fair start with infantry supports, after which they should go on extending their raid upon the roads into North Carolina as far as Weldon. I do not think they should attempt to return immediately here, but should get back to the James River below, or might even find it better to go into Suffolk and work their way up slowly to the army.

A pontoon train will be necessary to carry out this programme.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 14, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Please direct you engineer officer to demolish all works built by the enemy and now in rear of our lines. Of course this will not include any turned to face the enemy and now used by us, nor will it be well, perhaps, to destroy those in full view of the enemy. If you will send your engineer officer to direct what works should be leveled in rear of the Eighteenth Corps I will order General Martindale to destroy them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 14, 1864-2 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatches in relation to proposed raid and the destruction of the enemy's works have been received. Orders have been sent to Sheridan

---------------

*See Vol. XXXVII, Part II,p. 293.

---------------

