
U. S. ENGINEERS' CAMP,

July 14, 1864.

Major J. C. DUANE,

Chief Engineer:

MAJOR: During the last twenty-four hours two batteries commenced night before last on General Cutler's right, were completed. They are for field guns, and were under the direction of Lieutenant Howell. On the right of General Griffin's line two batteries were built last night, and are complete except one embrasure. They are for field guns. On the left flank, near the Chieves house, a battery was laid out yesterday and a sufficient detail se to work yesterday evening. This morning I learn that it is quite well advanced. I have no official report on this subject. This is a half sunken battery for four guns. Work was continued on the large redoubt yesterday and the barbettes completed in the salients farthest from the plank road. The work was turned over to General Warren, who will direct the garrison to complete to complete any unfinished work. No report has been received from Lieutenant Cuyler, who took 200 men with orders to strengthen the parapets of two batteries on General Ayres' front. The redoubt on the left (200 feet square) is reported by Captain Harwood to be progressing fairly, one face being up to the soles of the embrasure. The revetting on the other faces has been commenced, and the parapets are almost as far advanced. The infantry parapet at the gorge is about three feet above the terre-plein. In addition a considerable mount of slashing has been done in the vicinity of the redoubt.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. H. MENDELL,

Captain, Commanding U. S. Engineer Battalion.

CITY POINT, July 14, 1864-10.30 p.m

General A. A. HUMPHREYS:

Lieutenant Hough, who came for the picks and shovels, arrived about 5 p.m. The twelve teams he brought were all loaded soon after 7 p.m., but requiring six more teams, it appears that he retained the loaded teams here while he procured the others, about which there was some delay. They are all now loaded and just starting, excepting one or two that have just reached here. They will be hurried up as rapidly as possible.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 14, 1864-8.45 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

The commanding general directs me to state that the telegraphic reports of operations called for from corps commanders morning and evening by the circular of the 2nd instant from these headquarters are not in general as full as is desired, and to invite attention to the requirements of that circular.

S. WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Warren and Burnside.)

