
General Ferrero to be under my orders? He came here yesterday while I was at my front. He left a vague sketch, but I have not seen or heard from him since. I will inform General Gregg of this change of the picket-line in time. The state of affairs for a few days have given me a great deal to do and kept me along the lines nearly all the time. I am unable to work details from any division generally except on its own front, where with the offensive and defensive preparations in progress each one is abundantly occupied. I have made myself general of trenches and kept the division and brigade commanders at their special posts. The requirements of the present moment place all my command either as guard to trenches or working details. The redoubts are now I think in fair condition for defense but still require a good deal of work.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 14, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch is received. General Ferrero's command is placed fully under your orders. The commanding general prefers that the picket-line of the Fifth Corps troops should cross the plank road about Finn's and connect near there with that of Ferrero's division. The picket-line of Ferrero's division should extend across from near Finn's past Westbrook's and cross the Norfolk railroad and Norfolk road near McCann's. At present it is considerably inside of that line and must be changed throughout. Upon the establishment of the pickets as indicated please notify the Second Corps picket commander he can withdraw.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

JULY 14, 1864-2 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

The engineer officers are taking possession of my entrenching tools wherever they happen to find a wagon-load suiting their convenience or necessities without giving the man in charge even a memorandum receipt. This is his report. I have no objections to their being taken, as they are no doubt needed, but it may interfere with my orders, and besides I cannot hold any one accountable for the tools themselves.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 14, 1864-3 p.m. (Received 3.40 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch received. The chief engineer has been directed to correct the irregularities you mention at once, and instructed that the working parties must be supplied with tools through the corps officers

