
until the engineers are supplied with them from the engineer department. Orders have been given for the engineer department. Orders have been given for the engineer depot to furnish all tools and implements required in the siege operations.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 14, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have just returned from a personal examination of my new picket-line. General Ferrero has his already established. I went with General Crawford over his portion, and about 6 p.m. concluded the location with him, and he will establish his this evening. Our line is nearly as long necessarily as the old one, but generally three-quarters of a mile nearer to me. We extend across the plank road nearly a mile along the enemy's front close to his pickets and in sight of his works, holding a very good position for a battery when we get sufficient force to extend that far, and a most desirable location for operating against the Gregory house fort. From our left we make a sharp angle back, striking the line off old intrenchments of Second Corps just west of Jones' house. We follow this south to a plank road, and thence east along the road to the Jerusalem plank road. Here Crawford connects with Ferrero; Ferrero then extends to McCann's on the railroad. I propose to ask General Gregg to watch from this point with some cavalry along the road to Prince George Court-House. I expect a report from General Gregg to-night.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Hancock.)

JULY 14, 1864-8 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: I am informed that the wagons I have had from the Fifth Corps hauling gabions, &amp;c., have been relieved, and sent to or near City Point. Can you replace them by the same number (twelve)? I am in great need of them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant

G. H. MENDELL,

Captain of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS.

July 14, 1864

Captain MENDELL,U. S. Engineers:

CAPTAIN: What is the service you want my supply wagons to be employed upon, and at what hours? I am pinched for transportation.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

