HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 14, 1864-8.50 p.m.

Captain MENDELL:

As I came in to-night I saw a brigade of the Second Corps going out, as they said, on the trenches. Unless they are to work on my front next the enemy I would not work men after dark. Last night 300 men worked on some battery epaulements and only accomplished as much effective work as one of my batteries placed in position could have done in four hours of daylight. There is no pressing urgency to finish the rifle-pits, connecting the redoubts, and if there is daytime will answer; besides, as I have to hold that line I want to see their location. General Ferrero is now under my orders, and complained to-day of the extent of his men detailed to do work. I have to request, now that he holds part of this defensive line intrusted to me, that details called for from him shall come through my headquarters. Don't think I want to impede your work.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

(Copy to General Humphreys.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC

July 14, 1864

Major-General WARREN:

The brigade of the Second Corps you speak of I know nothing about.

I did not call for it. The men at work on the battery near the Chieves house did very little last night, because they were lazy. I need wagons to haul siege material, as I am building batteries every night, and to-morrow night I am ordered to build a battery for six heavy guns, and shall need a great many gabions. I would like to have a few wagons subject to my own orders if you can spare them. The chief engineer has informed me that the commanding general wishes to have the line on your left flank and rear made strong as expeditiously as possible, for which reason I have called for heavy details. A negro is worth two, if not three, white men to dig.

G. H. MENDELL,Captain of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

July 14, 1864-10.20 p.m.

Captain MENDELL:

I will furnish you the twelve wagons to-morrow from my headquarters and ammunition train. Send some one here for them in the morning. I think we can hold on till they can load up, anyhow. The ones you had are from the supply train, which is kept constantly going. The commanding general has given to me the protection of my left flank, and I will not be unmindful of its security, so you need not hurry them up unless I get more anxious. The large redoubt yet needs work the most. Let me know what details of colored men you have under you now and for to-morrow. Can Major Duane tell me about that brigade of the Second Corps? I am general of my trenches.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

