
contemplated to withdraw only a portion of your line, but if any such movement is made it will be the withdrawal of the whole line, and the present operation is to prevent the reoccupation by the enemy of their former line.

GEO. G. MEADE.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 14, 1864-11 p.m.

Colonel SMYTH:

COLONEL: I expect Generals Crawford and Ferrero placed a new picket-line behind yours this evening. If you have received no instructions report to your corps with your brigade to-morrow morning.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 14, 1864-9 a.m. (Received 11 a.m.)

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing unusual occurred on the lines during the last twelve hours. The work on the battery at the burnt house is prosecuted every night and is now in such a condition as to enable the men to work during the day. It will probably be finished by to-morrow morning. The work on the mine is progressing favorably, and if nothing unforeseen occurs the gallery will be 450 feet long at 12 o'clock to-day. Our mortar batteries and guns have good range of the enemy's works and do good execution whenever required. The length of our line renders the work very hard with the small number of men in the three divisions.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 14, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Corps:

A deserter came into the Fifth Corps last night or this morning from Finegan's brigade (from which there have been many desertions recently) who proposed that three rockets should be sent up to-night from General Warren's front, when a number of the enemy would desert into our lines. General Warren has been authorized to send up the rockets, due precaution being taken against treachery. I notify you of this so that you may understand what is done, and take precautions, if you deem them necessary.

By order:

A. A. HUMPHREYS:

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

