
BROADWAY, July 5, 1864. (Sent 1.55 p.m.)

Major GEORGE B. COOK,

First Connecticut Arty., Battery Numbers 1, Tenth Army Corps:

The two mortars are ready for mounting in Crow's Nest battery. I have ordered Captain Hatfield to send the gin there at once. Hurry down the men as General Butler orders the mortars to be in position by dusk.

H. L. ABBOT,

Colonel,&amp;c.,
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE ARTILLERY,Broadway Landing, Va., July 5, 1864.

Captain GEORGE T. BALCH,

Assistant, Ordnance Department, Washington, D. C.:

CAPTAIN: I have just received notification that 15,000 rounds 30-pounder ammunition and 6,000 rounds of 4 1/2-inch ammunition have been ordered to be sent to me. Please order the invoices to be made out to Captain S. P. Hatfield, First Connecticut Artillery, who receipts for my entire train. He is regularly detailed on this duty, and all supplies for me should be so invoiced. I would earnestly request that large supplies of ordnance stores forwarded to me may be loaded by themselves on barges or schooners, so that they can be kept afloat until needed. I have a landing and adopt this plan for the entire train, in accordance with instructions from General Grant. My address, Bermuda Hundred, Va.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

JULY 5, 1864. (Sent 8.35 a.m.)

General BROOKS:

Don't that lookout on the right report anything this morning about the enemy? Is there anything new at all about him that you have heard?

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Acting Chief of Staff.

[JULY 5, 1864.]

Brigadier-General WEITZEL, Acting Chief of Staff:

Lookout at Crow's Nest reports that a big gun, drawn by fourteen mules, came down the turnpike on the east side of the James from Richmond at 5 p.m., that it turned toward the river at Chaffin's Bluff and disappeared behind a hill. Had not crossed the river at dark.

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 5, 1864.

General WEITZEL:

General Foster reports all quiet on his front. No other reports received.

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General.

