
soon as possible, your views as to the manner in which you can best carry them out, and your plan of operations under them. The commanding general desires also to learn what force of infantry you consider necessary to co-operate with or aid you in starting and at what point it should be directed, and how long it should continue its operations in order to render its assistance effectual. General Kautz will be ordered to report to you, and his command will form part of your expedition. The commanding general desires the expedition to start not later than the 17th instant. I am instructed to say that in view of the reduced effective force of the corps, instead of leaving one of the regularly organized brigades for the purposes specified in the dispatch of this morning, the detachment now under Colonel Bryan's command may be left. Colonel Batchelder, acting chief quartermaster, is directed to send you to-morrow the implements procured for a former expedition.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Jordan's Point, Va., July 14, 1864-12 midnight.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, inclosing copy of telegram from Lieutenant-General Grant. I will forward answer to your communication in the morning.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 14, 1864

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you report the disposition of your force and the lines picketed and patrolled by you, marking the same upon the map that the staff officer bearing this communication takes with him for the purpose. The commanding general directs that you send the regiments forming the detachment under Colonel Bryan to their respective commands. The commanding general particularly desires to be informed whether your command has a sufficient supply of water.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Near Lee's Mill, Va., July 14, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In compliance with the order of Major-General Hancock the cavalry line as established by Colonel Bryan has been maintained, save an alteration on the right to connect with the infantry and an exten-

