
sion beyond the Norfolk railroad to connect by patrol with the cavalry at Prince Court-House. The present line is very long, not less than eighteen miles. If maintained with a single division of cavalry it will not offer serious resistance to an attack or advance of the enemy. To relieve Colonel Bryan's command it will be necessary for me to send a brigade near McCann's preserving the line as directed by General Hancock. The only place at which a supply of water can be had for a brigade of cavalry is at Lee's Mill, where there is sufficient. Lee's Mill is four miles from McCann's. Some very bad water can be had at McCann's for horses, but in small quantity.

I send a staff officer to report to you for instructions concerning the line as now established, whether it is to be maintained. The enemy's mounted pickets are in front of mine, beyond Lee's Mill toward Proctor's. A force of cavalry which I suppose to be guerrillas is reported down the railroad (Norfolk). I will ascertain more about this force this p.m. Beyond Gary's Church, toward Reams' Station, the enemy have mounted pickets; also on the plank road beyond Warwick Swamp. I would request that Colonel Bryan be allowed to remain with his regiment on the right for a day or two at least. The regiments under Colonel B. are well acquainted with all the roads and localities on the right. One of his regiments belongs to this division.

Very respectfully,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 14, 1864

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your dispatch is received. The commanding general authorizes Colonel Bryan's command to remain and perform the duty it has been engaged upon. The commanding general directs me to say that it is unnecessary to picket more than the line picketed by Colonel Bryan (excepting the connection with the infantry pickets on the right) and what may be necessary for your own security. General Sheridan is ordered to hold his corps ready to move on the 16th or 17th for the destruction of Weldon and other railroads. He is directed to leave a brigade to picket on the left of the army, but the commanding general concludes that it will be better to retain Colonel Bryan with his present command for that duty. I give you the notice respecting the movements of the corps, in order that you may make the necessary preparations if you have not already received directions to that effect from headquarters Cavalry Corps. The absence will be of considerable duration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 14, 1864-2 p.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG:

GENERAL: By direction of General Meade I am going to establish the infantry picket-line to cross the plank road near Finn's, thence

