
easterly past Westbrook's, and cross the Norfolk railroad near McCann's. This will probably be done by to-morrow morning. Please send an officer to report. Come this evening, and [bring.] a written statement of the line you picket or patrol and the location of your man body, with reference to some points on the photographic map from headquarters Army of the Potomac.

Respectfully your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN.

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,July 14, 1864

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the picket-line formerly established by Colonel Bryan is maintained and continued on the left, to connect with the cavalry at Prince George Court-House. The line of this division connects on the right with Colonel Bryan, about two miles from Gary's Churh.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Vols., Commanding Second Cavalry Division.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 14, 1864-11 p.m.

General GREGG:

Your staff officer has just reported to me the information I desired. My infantry picket here passes about one mile west of the Jones house; thence south along the old line of intrenchments to the plank road; thence easterly to the Jerusalem plank road near Finn's; thence to the Norfolk railroad near McCann's. At this last point it terminates, and as the guerrillas are about here, I wish you would send a small force of cavalry, say sixty men, to be stationed at McCann's and patrol toward Prince George-House.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,July 14, 1864.

Colonel T. M. BRYAN, JR.,

Commanding Provisional Brigade Cavalry:

COLONEL: The inspector of the right of my line reports that there is still an unpicketed interval on my right of between one and two miles. I remember the difficulty mentioned in maintaining the line there, but understood that your left would connect by the rear road, and the road in front would be patrolled. Make the connection perfect on your left. Your command on the plank road allowed the enemy to establish a picket-post on your side the Warwick bridge. I have

