
ordered this picket to be driven over the swamp. If anything of importance occurs, if you should receive any important information communicate either directly to General Warren. The enemy are about here at various points, but in no force yet discovered.

Very respectfully,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Vols. Commanding Second Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,July 14, 1864.

Captain H. C. WEIR.

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report all quiet along my line, excepting a shot or two by the pickets on the road leading to Proctor's house, and soon after, the appearance of a party of about twenty mounted men driving in the vedettes on the road leading to Reams' Station. They were driven away some distance, and returned again, dismounted, exchanging fifteen or twenty shots, when they moved off toward Reams' Station. A heavy column of dust can be seen on or near the plank road, indicating the movement of troops toward that point.

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CITY POINT, VA., July 14, 1864

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.,:

I received this morning a communication from Beauregard of date of the 13th in answer to mine of the 8th instant, addressed to General Lee. On the 10th General Lee answered one of the day before, but not answering the other himself, I fear he may have gone north, taking with him more force. Have you any information of Lee's presence about Petersburg later than the 10th obtained from deserters or refugees?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, July 14, 1864-8.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding, &c.:

I have made all investigation possible since receiving your telegram, and I can learn nothing of Lee's whereabouts. Day before yesterday Pickett refused receiving any communication unless sent from General Grant to General Lee. When he returned the letter to you yesterday, a note was forwarded to me that my communication would be received, but the answer of Ould obviated the necessity of sending. The communication about Jaquess and Gilmore evidently went before the War Department at Richmond, which may account for the delay of that without the necessity of supposing Lee absent. I will keep endeavoring to hear of anything upon this subject.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

