
POINT LOOKOUT, July 14, 1864-7 p.m. (Received Washington 9.15 p.m.)

Major C. H. RAYMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All quiet. The Minnesota has just arrived here.

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

CITY POINT, VA., July 15, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I regret to learn that Brigadier-General Ferrero was not confirmed by the Senate. I hope he will be immediately reappointed with his former rank. He deserves great credit on this campaign for the manner in which he protected our immense wagon train with a division of undisciplined colored troops and detachments of dismounted cavalry without organization. He did his work of guarding the trains and disciplined his troops at the same time, so that they came through to the James River better prepared to go into battle than if they had been at a quiet school of instruction during the same time. If Ferrero is taken from his division I do not know how he is to be replaced.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 15, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

In view of the possible recurrence of the late raid into Maryland, I would suggest that the following precaution be taken: First. There should be an immediate call for all the troops we are likely to require. Second. Washington City, Baltimore, and Harper's Ferry should be designated as schools of instructions, and all troops raised east of the State of Ohio should be sent to one of these three places as fast as raised. Nashville, Decatur, and Stevenson should also be named as schools of instructions, and all troops raised in Ohio and west of it should be sent to those. By doing this we always have the benefit of our increased force, and they in turn improve more rapidly by contact with veteran troops. To supply Sherman all the rolling-stock that can possibly be got to him should be sent. An effort ought to be made to transfer a large portion of stores now at Nashville to Chattanooga. This might be facilitated by withdrawing for awhile the rolling-stock from the Nashville and Reynoldsburg Railroad, and a large part of the stock upon the Kentucky roads. There is every indication now, judging from the tone of the Southern press, that, unless Johnston is re-enforced, Atlanta will not be defended. They seem to calculate largely upon driving Sherman out by keeping his lines of communication cut. If he can supply himself once with ordnance and quartermaster's stores, and partially with subsistence, he will find no difficulty in staying until a permanent line can be opened with the south coast. The road from Chattanooga to Atlanta will be much more easily defended than that north of the Tennessee. With the supplies above indicated at Chattanooga, with say, sixty days' provisions there, I

