
think there will be no doubt but that the country will supply the balance. Sherman will, once in Atlanta, devote himself to collecting the resources of the country. He will take everything the people have, and will then issue from the stores so collected to rich and poor alike. As he will take all their stock, they will have no use for grain further than is necessary for bread. If the enemy do not detach from here against Sherman, they will, in case Atlanta falls, bring most of Johnston's army here, with the expectation of driving us out, and then unite against Sherman. They will fail if they attempt this programme. My greatest fear is of their sending troops to Johnston first. Sherman ought to be notified of the possibility of a corps going from here, and should be prepared to take up a good defensive position in case one is sent, one which he could hold against such increase. If Hunter cannot get to Gordonsville and Charlottesville to cut the railroad, he should make all the Valley south the Baltimore and Ohio road a desert as high up as possible. I do not mean that houses should be burned, but all provisions and stock should be removed, and the people notified to move out.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[JULY 15, 1864.-For Halleck to Grant 12.30 p.m. and 6 p.m., in regard to affairs in Maryland, &amp;c., see Vol. XXXVII, Part II., pp. 329, 330.]

WASHINGTON, July 15, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Major General H. W. Halleck thinks Hunter's command very badly cut up by the Lynchburg expedition, and that it does not now exceed 12,000 effective men of all arms. It is now at Harper's Ferry, or between there and Leesburg. Wright with 10,000 men should be between White's Ferry and Leesburg. Ricketts and what has arrived of the Nineteenth Corps are between Wright and Washington. Orders for General Wright and the Nineteenth Corps to comply with your letter will be issued as soon as Halleck receives an answer to his telegram to you of to-day. It will take three or four days for Wright to get back. Halleck does not understand your letter sent by me as an order for Wright's recall, and awaits positive orders. He thinks on Wright's return the enemy may come back. Wright's orders now are to follow enemy till recalled.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

CITY POINT, VA., July 15, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &c.:

It is necessary that a major-general should be appointed to the command of the Tenth Army Corps. I have been thinking of naming Major-General Humphreys for the place, but did not wish to do so without first informing you and hearing whether you fell now as you did some time back about sparing him from his present position. Another thing, too, I want the general to understand before nominating him for

