
this command, that part of the Tenth Corps now serving in the Department of Virginia and North Carolina is very small and composed entirely of white troops. In the department, however, there are a large number of colored troops, many of whom are liable at any time to fall into the Tenth, either for service or permanently. If the corps should be united, as it was in the Department of the South, then, too, it will be composed largely of colored troops. I do not suppose this would make any difference in General Humphreys' performance of his duties, but it might have something to do with his preference for the command.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 15, 1864-10 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Comparative quiet prevailed along the lines yesterday; some musketry and cannonading on General Burnside's front by the enemy during the night. Last evening several deserters came into the Fifth Corps, who stated that if three rockets were sent up to indicate they had been well received a large number would come in. After taking necessary precautions to guard against foul play, the three rockets were sent up, but without any result. The siege works, batteries, and mine, in front of the Fifth and Ninth Corps, are making good progress. Two divisions of the Second Corps are employed in leveling the enemy's old works in our rear. Your telegram of yesterday in reference to the projected cavalry raid has been sent to General Sheridan, as his general instructions, and his views called for as to the disposition of the infantry force sent to support him. I send per orderly a Richmond paper of the 14th instant, in which they claim taking 93 prisoners and 2 commissioned officers from Gregg in the recent reconnaissance of Reams' Station. No such report has been made by Gregg, but I have called for information.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., July 15, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

A dispatch just received from General Butler states that a deserter is just in who says that two divisions of Longstreet's corps went south, leaving their places in line last Friday. Please ask your provost-marshal if he has not evidence to the contrary of this statement. I have a Richmond paper of the 14th, which gives the capture from Gregg at 33 men and 2 officers.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 15, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

General Meade is on the line of works. There is no evidence in the provost-marshal's department of any part of Longstreet's corps having

