
him to New Berne, from whence he could only return by water, which would take a very long time. He proposes the joint expedition keeping together the whole time. I think myself this is the surest and safest course, but the question arises whether you can spare the Second Corps for so long a period, say ten days, or whether you deem it judicious to send any less force of infantry than the whole corps. Your views on these points are respectfully requested. General Sheridan will await here your reply.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., July 15, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Army of the Potomac:

Your dispatch of 6 p.m. just this moment received. Since ordering the cavalry raid we have found that the enemy have left Maryland, and I have sent a staff officer to hasten the return of the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps. With them we can cover the Weldon road or make an infantry movement which will obviate the necessity of a raid. Under these circumstances you may suspend Sheridan's order for the present.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 15, 1864. (Received 3 p.m. 16th.)

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Washington, D. C.:

Four batteries of the Sixth Corps, Major Tompkins commanding, left here yesterday morning for Baltimore. Please order them to return at once to this point without debarking.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, July 15, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from Heith's division (Fry's brigade, Archer's old) came into our lines this morning. He is a young man, very intelligent, and was forced to go into the trenches a week ago to-day. He has been living in Petersburg for the past six months, where he kept a newspaper depot. He reports no change in the position of A. P. Hill's corps, nor can be locate Wilcox's division of that corps. Last Tuesday he was informed by some men from Hoke's division that the division was moving in the direction of Richmond. He cannot say where this division has been located, but it was somewhere on the Chesterfield side. He knows of no other movements. That yesterday two officers of Hill's staff went out on the right of their line to reconnoiter our position; that when they returned they stopped near his brigade and took

