
out maps an sketches they had been making. Informant being near by heard their conversation, understanding that it was proposed to extend the rebel lines forward to better protect the Weldon railroad, also that they were calculating upon taking possession of a part of our present line. This is all we can make of this statement, as informant is somewhat uncertain as to what he really heard. The infantry formerly under Bradley T. Johnson, known as the Maryland Line, did not accompany General Early, and is at present attached to Archer's brigade. It is the Second Maryland Battalion. They have applied to be sent to General Early, and it is expected they will go. Informant appears to be little acquainted with the position of Lee's army. He has other information that cannot well be reported concerning the location of their works, which we will have noted by Captain Paine.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,Chief of Staff, Armies in the Field:

Respectfully forwarded.

The deserter informed me that he received the information about the intended movement of Hoke's division from the sick and other of the division unable to march, who had been sent to Petersburg. He met them outside the town, where pies, cake, &amp;c., are sold to the soldiers.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. U. S. ENGINEERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 15, 1864.

Major J. C. DUANE:

During the last twenty-four hours the following progress has been made by officers working parties under my direction: Captain Harwood reports embrasures pierced in the flanks of the redoubts on the left; revetment on the front completed; nearly so on the flanks, and about half finished on the gorge; the rifle-pit completed nearly to the swamp across the railroad, and commenced on the other side of the swamp. Slashing timber progresses but slowly, as there are but ninety axes, and those in bad condition. I directed Captain Gillespie and Lieutenant Cuyler to strengthen the parapets of batteries on the Fifth Corps front last night. They were unable to procure tools for that purpose. A rifle-pit near the Chieves house between the two adjacent redoubts and supporting the battery erected there is progressing. One dozen wagons were engaged in hauling siege material yesterday from the depot to points convenient for their future application. It will be necessary to have ten or twelve wagons for this and other incidental purposes. At present I am indebted to the courtesy of the commander of the Fifth Corps, who represents the corps cramped for transportation.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. H. MENDELL,

Captain of Engineers.

17 R R-VOL XL, PT III

