
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 15, 1864-6 p.m. (Sent 6.15 p.m.)

The above sent to show that General Hoke is still here and doubtless his division.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

WALTHALL SIGNAL STATION, July 15, 1864-7.15 p.m.

Captain FISHER:

No movement of importance this p.m. The following messages intercepted:

3 P. M.

A. B.:

Three large steamers arrived at Strahan's lower landing about thirty minutes ago; two of them remained only ten minutes and returned down the river. No troops could be seen aboard.

W. S. L.

6 P. M.

Colonel BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One gun-boat off Point of Rocks, one gun-boat just below Red Bluff, and one large steamer at Strahan's lower landing.

W. S. L.

At C.

(Same to A. B.)

CHAS. L. DAVIS,

Captain, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 188. July 15, 1864.

* * * * * * *

4. While the army occupies its present position, corps and other independent commanders will cause their commissaries to issue at least four days' fresh potatoes and three days' fresh onions per week to the troops of their command. Green cabbages will be issued from two to three times per week in lieu of the money value of some component part of the ration, and at the rate of one-fourth pound per man. Fresh beets or fresh turnips or fresh carrots, or whichever one of these articles can be most readily furnished, will be issued from two to three time per week in lieu of beans, peas, rice, or hominy, and at the rate prescribed by regulations, viz: "Thirty pounds to the 100 rations." If the articles above mentioned cannot be obtained from the depot of supplies, the commanders aforesaid will require their commissaries to present to them a statement signed by the officer in charge of the depot to the effect that the articles required by the commissary could not be furnished him for issue at that depot.

* * * * * * *

8. As the services of all able-bodied men who are available for duty in the ranks are required with their regiments, as far as practicable, musicians only will be detailed to perform the duties of attendants,

