
Colonel T. W. Egan, Fortieth New York Volunteers, for gallant and meritorious conduct in command of a brigade, to date from May 26, 1864.

Colonel T. A. Smyth, First Delaware Volunteers, for gallant and meritorious conduct while in command of a brigade, to date from May 27, 1864.

Colonel H. L. Brown, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for gallant and meritorious conduct while in command of a brigade, to date from May 12, 1864.

Colonel James A. Beaver, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for gallant and meritorious conduct while in command of a brigade, to date from June 16, 1864.

Colonel C. H. Morgan was chief of staff of the Second Corps during the battles of Fredericksburg and Chancellorsville, under Major-General Couch, and during the battle of Gettysburg, under Major-General Hancock; at Bristoe and all subsequent operations of the Second Corps, while under the command of Major-General Warren, and during the present campaign, commencing May 3, 1864, to the present date. His rare intelligence, activity, and gallantry, as displayed during the long period which he has been attached to the Second Corps in the capacity referred to, fairly entitles him to the promotion recommended. This officer has heretofore been recommended by General Couch and General Warren for promotion to the rank of brigadier-general.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, &amp;c.

The officers are presented in this list in the order in which it is desirable that they should be promoted. Colonel Brown is now a prisoner of war in Charleston, S. C. The recommendations of these officers by division commanders are inclosed.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 15, 1864. (Received 9 p.m.)

General S. WILLIAMS:

I have nothing new to report. My First and Third Divisions are still of fatigue; the Second in reserve.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 15, 1864-8.45 p.m.

Colonel MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Second Corps:

General Gibbon will take his division to the rear of the Dunn house (behind Burnside's headquarters) and be ready to work leveling the old works. An engineer officer will be there with the tools. They will work by reliefs until relieved. Birney's and Barlow's divisions will not work to-night after Gibbon's division arrives, or when the time of the

