
line of trenches was strengthened at various points, and the line crossing ravine in front of First Brigade, Second Division, completed. The various works building were progressing as rapidly as could be expected, as well as all work along the line, new details being furnished. Nothing unusual was observed on the enemy's front. Receiving no report or instructions of previous operations along the line rendered the duties more difficult to arrange.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. P. STEERE,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Ninth Army Corps.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

IN THE TRENCHES,

Before Petersburg, Va., July 15, 1864.

Colonel W. H. P. STEERE,

Commanding Brigade and General of the Trenches, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I made yesterday a report in full to the acting assistant adjutant-general of the First Division, Ninth Army Corps, commanded by General Ledlie, that my facilities for making reports in writing are very poor, also that an orderly is necessary for the proper discharge of the duties of division officer of the day; that the condition of the ditches and breast-works is such that the men are not properly protected; that the habit of moving the regiments every two or three days, and never putting them in the same place twice, is discouraging, and prevents as much labor being put on the works as there should be; that there is very much needed a covered way from the first to the second line of trenches, also a covered way to the picket-line; that the sinks are not in the condition they should be-they are not deep enough, there are not enough of them, they are not sufficiently protected from fire. The men lie in the pits and suffer rather than visit them in the daytime; at night they get behind some big tree in preference. Consequently the ground in the rear is in very bad condition; what with brush, rubbish, manure, &amp;c., it is a hard matter to get around, except by one of two paths along which the rebel sharpshooters keep up a continual fire.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILSON W. FAY,

Captain, Fifty-sixth Massachusetts Infantry.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HDQRS. SECOND Regiment MARYLAND VET. VOL. INFANTRY, July 15, 1864.

Colonel W. H. P. STEERE,Commanding First Brigade, Second Division:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that nothing particularly of note transpired along the lines of the enemy in front of this division during the twenty-four hours I was on duty. The different works now in course of construction were proceeded with as rapidly and successfully as could be expected.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. HOWARD, Jr.,

Lieutenant Colonel, Second Maryland Veteran Volunteer Infantry,

Division Officer of the Day for 15th instant.

