
[Inclosure No. 3.]
HDQRS. THIRTY-SEVENTH WISCONSIN VOL. INFANTRY,Before Petersburg, Va., July 15, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM H. P. STEERE,

General of the Trenches:

COLONEL: The works on the front of the First Brigade, Third Division, were repaired and strengthened as far as was necessary; the works on the front of the Second Brigade are in very good order indeed; the work in the mine at the end of the covered way on the right of the First Brigade is progressing finely. The work in front of the First Brigade headquarters is progressing finely, some gabions being set during the twenty-four hours. I notice that the rebel works on our front are two lines, one immediately in rear of the other, the front line is quite low, the rear line is quite high, and I should judge rather formidable, upon which the enemy seems to work incessantly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. N. DOYLE,

Captain, 8th Michigan, Commanding 37th Wisconsin Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Cavalry Division, Lee's Mill:

GENERAL: In the Richmond Whig, of the 14th instant, it is stated that a portion of Fitz. Lee's command, in a skirmish near Lee's Mill with a part of Gregg's cavalry, drove them back and captured 93 prisoners, including 2 commissioned officers. This paragraph must refer to the 12th instant. The commanding general desires to know what truth there is in this statement.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-Geneal and Chief of Staff.

JULY 15, 1864-9.45 a.m. (Received 10 a.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I am inclined to think that two division of Longstreet's corps have gone from Petersburg and our front. There has been a change of pickets in our front. A deserter from Hagood's brigade, Hoke's division, formerly of Longstreet's corps, but latterly of Beauregard's forces, says that it is so; that they left Friday or Saturday; but I do not think they have gone to Maryland. It is rumored among secesh in Norfolk that Lee is sending troops south.

B. F. BULTER,

Major-General.

---------------

*For reply, see Part I, p. 614.

---------------

