
moment received the order under which you are acting. I would suggest to you, however, that the Twelfth New York Cavalry, at New Berne, N. C., is not in as satisfactory a condition as I could wish, and perhaps, as the division of cavalry at this point will leave very shortly upon a raid, not to return before the end of the month, you will find leisure to examine into the condition of the cavalry forces in North Carolina. I desire also to call your special attention to the insufficiency of arms with which my cavalry is furnished, and if this bureau can have any effect in promoting the efficiency of the cavalry it can do more in this direction than any other, and in answering my requisitions for horses, which have been before them from three months without any notice.

With sentiments of strong personal regard, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.,

No. 80. In the Field, Va., July 15, 1864.

In honor of the memory of some of the gallant dead of this army, who have fallen in this campaign, the redoubts and batteries on the line will hereafter be known as follows:

Redoubt on Spring Hill is named Redoubt Converse, After Major Joseph H. Converse, Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers, assistant inspector-general on General Martindale's staff.

Redoubt on Cobb's Hill near signal tower is named Redoubt Zabriskie, after Colonel Abram Zabrieskie, Ninth New Jersey Volunteers.

Battery No. 8 is named Battery Burpee, after Lieutenant Colonel T. F. Burpee, Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers.

The square redoubt in the rear of the line between Batteries Nos. 8 and 7, is named Redoubt Wead, after Colonel F. F. Wead, Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers.

Battery No. 7 is named Battery Walker, after Major William A. Walker, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers.

Battery No. 6 is named Battery Pruyn, after Major Charles E. Pruyn, One hundred and eighteenth New York Volunteers.

The square redoubt in front of Battery No. 6 is named Redoubt Dutton, after Colonel A. H. Dutton, Twenty-first Connecticut Volunteers.

Battery No. 5 is named Battery England, after Lieutenant Colonel T. L. England, Eighty-ninth New York Volunteers.

Battery No. 4 is named Battery Marshall, after Lieutenant Colonel E. Marshall, Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Battery No. 3 is named Battery Anderson, after Lieutenant Colonel Hiram Anderson, jr., Ninety-second New York Volunteers.

The redoubt in front of Battery No. 3 is named Redoubt McConihe, after Colonel John McConihe, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers.

Battery No. 2 is named Battery Perry, after Lieutenant Colonel Edgar Perry, One hundred and thirty-ninth New York Volunteers.

Battery No. 1 is named Redoubt Drake, after Colonel J. C. Drake, One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers.

The redoubt in front of Battery No. 1 is named Redoubt Carpenter, after Lieutenant Colonel E. F. Carpenter, One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers.

