
The battery in rear of the Curtis house, heretofore known as the "Water Battery," is named Battery Spofford, after Lieutenant Colonel W. P. Spofford, Eleventh Maine Volunteers.

The battery at Crow's Nest is named Battery Sawyer, after Major Charles W. Sawyer, Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers.

The 100-pounder Parrott battery at the Curtis house is named Battery Parsons, after First Lieutenant A. K. Parsons, Fourth Vermont Volunteers, aide-de-camp on General W. T. H. Brooks' staff.

The 10-inch mortar battery in front of the Curtis house is named Battery Wilcox, after Captain E. R. Wilcox, Twenty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general on General Stannard's staff.

By command of Major General B. F. Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Majora nd Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE TRAIN,Broadway Landing, Va., July 15, 1864.

Captain GEORGE T. BALCH,

Assistant to Chief of Ordnance:

CAPTAIN: Please forward to Captain Hatfield, with all possible dispatch, 20,000 rounds of Coehorn mortar ammunition and 5,000 percussion fuses for 30-pounder Parrott, for use, instead of the time-fuses in certain batteries. To be able to change a time to a percussion shell, will be of great advantage in saving transportation; also 3,000 wooden fuses for 8-inch mortars. I expect to need a large supply of ammunition in a very few days. Please hurry forward my supplies for 30-pounder Parrott; 4 1/2-inch gun; 8-inch mortar; 10-inch mortar; and Coehorn mortar; and 8-inch siege howitzer. All my train, except the 100-pounder Parrotts, may be considered about opening fire. My expenditures now are often 500 rounds a day with not quite half my guns yet in position.

Your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE TRAIN,Broadway Landing, July 15, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Colonel ALLCOCK,

Commanding Fourth New York Heavy Artillery:

(Care of Brigadier-General Hunt, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac.)

Please send a company of your regiment without delay to my siege train landing (Broadway), near pontoon bridge on Appomattox River, to report to Captain Hatfield, my ordnance officer, for duty in unloading the train and ammunition.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding.

JULY 15, 1864-1.45 p.m.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Train, Broadway Landing:

Major Duane wishes to know if you cannot place your mortars yourself. I have just ordered Colonel Allcock to detail two officers to

