
have no guns in position bearing on this ravine. The only place where a gun can be put for the purpose is on the front line where it crosses the hollow near the road, and by no means a good point for a gun for any other purpose than defense against a force which might drive in our pickets and charge down the ravine, and in case of disaster the gun could not be got away; nevertheless, if it be the wish of the major-general commanding, I will put one or two guns in this position.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, July 16, 1864-8 p.m.

Colonel L. RICHMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the mortars are doing such good execution that a greater number could be used to great advantage on my line. I am satisfied that the explosion reported in the rebel redoubt was that of a magazine, as logs were seen to fly up. To avoid the shells this afternoon the rebels in front of Humphrey's line were seen to jump on the outside of the works, there being no picket-firing at that point to prevent. I have ordered the work in the ravine to be thrown up for two guns, also embrasures built for four more guns at Roemer's battery, in order to give us a superiority of guns against the rebel redoubt opposite.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 16, 1864-7.45 a.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Cavalry Division:

The commanding general directs that you withdraw to your former camp at Jordan's Point. You will direct the regiments composing the detachment under Colonel Bryan to report to their respective brigades. You will leave one of your regularly organized brigades to picket and scout on the left of the army. The commander of this brigade will report everything that occurs to these headquarters, as well as to the commander of the corps on the left, Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps. He will picket about the same line on the left that Colonel Bryan picketed, connecting with the infantry picket on his right, and extending around to the plank road near the church. He will patrol well down the plank road, well down the old Norfolk road, and to Lee's Mill, and will also patrol across from the plank road to the Prince George Court-House road. You will see that his supplies of every kind are regularly maintained.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Scouting parties should be sent out from time to time toward the railroad, to Wyatt's, and toward Reams' Station.

