
This regiment came from Florida about the 4th of May, and arrived at Petersburg about the 16th of May. It was attached to Clingman's brigade for awhile and has been garrisoning Fort Clifton at mouth of Swift Creek until about a week ago, when they were permanently transferred to Wright's brigade by order of the War Department. Regiment about 400 for duty. From them we learn that their brigade (Wright's) is on the left of Mahone's division, and that the Jerusalem plank road runs through the center of it. Law's brigade, of Hood's old division, Longstreet's corps, is next on the left.

One of informants has a brother in the Forty-eighth Alabama, of this brigade, and visited him yesterday. He understood that two divisions of Longstreet's corps were there. Wofford's brigade, of McLaws' division, was in reserve. One of informant acquainted in Clingman's (North Carolina) brigade, of Hoke's division, says that it is now on the extreme left of Beauregard's command, resting on the Appomattox River. Another, who has friends in Colquitt's brigade, of the same division, reports that he visited it a few days since, at which time it was lying just to the left of the Norfolk railroad. None of informants have any information indicating that troops have been sent away from Lee, other than what is now with Early. There is considerable changing about of brigades from the reserve to the trenches. One of informants heard from some men of Field's division, Longstreet's corps, that the division was ordered to have seven days' rations cooked last evening. Another informant understood that only a brigade was under orders, which he cannot say, only that it was from Longstreet's corps.

Very respectfully,

J. C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, July 17, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Three prisoners of war from the Forty-ninth North Carolina Regiment, of Ransom's brigade, Bushrod Johnson's division, of Beauregard's command, were taken on the picket-line in front of the Ninth Army Corps about daylight this morning. They were taken rather willingly and do not wish to return. Two of them are very intelligent men. They all wish to take the oath of allegiance and go North. From them we learn that Bushrod Johnson's and Hoke's divisions are still in our front. Johnson's division is posted from left to right, as follows: Gracie's brigade on the left, Ransom's next, Evans' next, and another, not known, on the extreme right of the division, with a brigade in reserve. The Norfolk railroad passes between Gracie's and Ransom's brigades. They have heard of no re-enforcements having been sent away. They understand that Hill's and Longstreet's corps are still on their right, and Hoke's division, of Beauregard's command, to be on their left. One of them saw General A. P. Hill yesterday. A considerable force is in reserve to the left of their division. They are not informed whose command it is. It is well understood in their lines that we have been carrying on mining operations. They commenced countermining about three days ago. One of informants on a visit to Evans' brigade saw one of the shafts. He

