
right of our line, belonging to Bushrod Johnston's division, and state that they do not know positively of any troops being on this side the river, except Beauregard. They think there are others. They represent great dissatisfaction existing among them, short rations, &amp;c. They belong to the Forty-ninth North Carolina and state that if the soldiers were allowed to vote Holden would get nearly all the votes of the privates. They also state it is understood by their officers that we are mining at some place along the line. A member of their company who is a miner, was detailed three or four days ago t assist in countermining for the purpose of discovering where we are mining. I should judge from their statements that the countermining has commenced at about the right place, but I think the great depth of our mine below the surface will probably prevent discovery, but I deem it very important that the mine should be charged and exploded as early as possible. We will probably have the side galleries ready for the charge by to-morrow morning. All necessary precautions have been ordered, and we hope to be able to complete the mine.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 17, 1864 - 9 p. m.

General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Humphreys' dispatch received,* and every disposition is being made to resist an attack. Nothing unusual has occurred during the day. Our men at work in the mine under the rebel redoubt could hear a noise of pounding, &c., over their heads, apparently from putting down a platform.

A. E. BURNSIDE.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 17, 1864. (Sent 10 p. m.)

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Since telegraphing you two deserters from Longstreet's corps have come into General Warren's line and confirm the statements made by deserters that preceded them of an intended assault.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 17, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Your dispatch received. Orders will be given accordingly.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

---------------

* See Humphreys to Warren and Burnside, 8 p. m., p.298.

---------------

