
manding the Ninth Army Corps was anticipated by the action of General Warren, directed, as I am informed, by orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac. The division having subsequently been returned to the Ninth Army Corps and it movements left to the control of the general commanding, no further action seems necessary.

CHAS. G. LORING,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., July 26, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the commanding general of the Fourth Division, and his attention invited to the indorsement of the assistant inspector-general.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 17, 1864 - 10 p. m. (Received 10.50 p. m.)

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

Several deserters that have come into our lines this evening at different times state that Longstreet's corps will assault our lines to-night or at daylight. The commanding general directs that you be prepared to move at any hour and that upon hearing heavy firing to-night or at daylight that you move up to the front on the plank road, reporting your approach t these headquarters.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION,Plank Road, near Temple's House, July 17, 1864 - 2.30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet at this hour. Patrolled to Lee's Mill, and found the bridge destroyed, except string pieces. Chased a few guerrillas on Prince George road. The enemy have erected a barricade on the plank road in front of the swamp bridge, which they hold. My impression is that they merely desire to fold that point for the water, as they are quite peaceable. Last night, immediately after I relieved Colonel Bryan, the enemy advanced a strong line of pickets out of the woods in my from (opposite Aiken's and Gurley's) to within easy range of my line. This morning at daylight they retired to the edge of the woods. Nothing else of any moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, First Cavalry Division.

N. B. - The pickets last night report the noise of felling timber in the woods opposite Gurley's.

20 R R-VOL XL, PT III

