
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,

Numbers 38. New Berne, N. C., July 5, 1864.

Colonel Thomas J. C. Amory, Seventeenth Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, having been assigned to the command of the Sub-District of Beaufort relieving Colonel J. Jourdan One hundred and fifty-eighth New York Volunteer Infantry, he will be obeyed and respected accordingly. The commanding general takes this occasion to tender his thanks to Colonel Jourdan for the energy and ability exhibited by him while in command of the sub-district.

By command of Brigadier General I. N. Palmer:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,City Point, July 6, 1864-10 a.m. (Received 7 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Please obtain an order assigning the troops of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina serving in the field to the command of Major General W. F. Smith and order Major-General Butler, commanding department to his headquarters, Fortress Monroe. One division of troops, besides the dismounted cavalry, will sail from here for Baltimore during the day. They are directed to report their arrival in Baltimore to you by telegraph.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 6, 1864-3 p.m.

(Received 7th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

A part of the force directed by me to go north is already off, and the whole of it will be course of an hour or two. It will probably be as well to let it go now, and return it as soon as you deem it perfectly safe to do so. I think there is no doubt but Early's corps is near the Baltimore and Ohio road, and if it can be caught and broken up it will be highly desirable to do so. It is important to our success here that another raid should be made up the Shenandoah Valley, and stores destroyed and communications broken.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 6, 1864-5 p.m.

(Received 7th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Please give me an estimate of the number of dismounted cavalry sent in order that I may provide remounts. They should bring their equipments with them. It appears that General Sigel had no scouts out to give notice of the enemy's approach, and he seems to guess at their numbers, estimating them from 7,000 to over 30,000. Other esti-

