
Curl's Neck, bivouacked at that place until 12 midnight, marched by the side of the banks of the river to about half a mile beyond Maiden Hall Landing, thence took the road that crosses the plantations of Messrs. Allen and Taylor, being nearly a direct road from the river to Mr. Pickett's house near the Richmond road. At Picket's house the road turns to the left leading into to Richmond. I had proceeded three miles in this direction without meeting with any opposition or seeing any force of the enemy when I came upon the pickets of the enemy on the Richmond road. My command having become much reduced in numbers, being compelled to station guards at the different cross-roads on the plantations, all of these cross-roads lead to some point on the Richmond road to the left, it being near daylight, deemed it extra hazardous to proceed farther in such an open country with such a small force, as the enemy could easily cut me off in my rear. I went to within half or three-quarters of a mile of Malvern Hill; a thick woods covers the front of the hill; did not see any works of the enemy. the roads which I passed over were in good condition, the country level, many parts of it under cultivation, such as wheat and corn. Some of the wheat had been recently cut, I should judge during the night. Returned with command, arriving about 6 a.m.

Truly, yours,

JAS. B. BELL,

Captain, Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Vols., Commanding Company C.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., July 18, 1864 - 10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

Considering the condition of the garrisons of Washington and Baltimore, I have determined to retain the two heavy artillery regiments of the Sixth Corps, unless you direct otherwise.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

July 18, 1864 - 11.45 p.m. (Received 2.15 p. m. 19th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of 10.30 a.m. in regard to retaining the heavy artillery of Sixth Corps received. I had just ordered another regiment of this soft from here, but will suspend the order unless more than two regiments are required.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,No. 61. City Point, Va., July 18, 1864.

I. Colonel Dyer, commanding Fifteenth Maine Regiment, Tenth Army Corps, will report with his regiment to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina, at Bermuda Hundred, Va., for orders.

* * * * * * * * *

