
6.45 P. M.

Colonel B.,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two regiments of infantry in open space to our left of Cobb's seem to be drilling. One gun-boat off Point of Rocks and three steamers at Strahan's lower landing.

OPERATOR,

At C.

(Same to A. B.)

CHAS. L. DAVIS,

Captain, &amp;c.

JORDAN HOUSE SIGNAL STATION, July 18, 1864 - 6 p. m.

Captain B. F. FISHER, Chief Signal Officer:

Very quiet in this front to-day. Locomotives have been moving in Petersburg and on the Petersburg and Lynchburg road.

T. R. CLARK,

Captain and Signal Officer.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 191. July 18, 1864.

* * * * * * * *

9. In compliance with instructions received from headquarters Armies of United States, all regiments now with this army whose term of service expired before the 25th day of August, 1864, will be sent, without delay, to Washington, and report to Major-General Halleck, chief of staff, on their arrival there. Regimental organizations only are designed to be embraced in this order, and no man belonging to the regiments to be detached will be sent who is not to be discharged before August 25, 1864. All re-enlisted men of such regiments, as well as those who have joined since date of original organization, will be disposed of as indicated in Circular No. 36, of May 2, 1864, from the War Department for the case of the muster out of a regiment not veteran. The horses and equipments of the cavalry regiments that come within the provisions of this order will be turned over to the proper departments of the staff here. Corps commanders are charged with the prompt execution of this order, and they will at once report what regiments are to be detached under its requirements, together with the strength of the same present for duty, exclusive of the men who are to remain.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. ENGINEER BATTALION, July 18, 1864.

Major J. C. DUANE, Chief Engineer:

MAJOR: The work on the left progressed yesterday, the redoubt needing now only a magazine and stockade at the gorge, both of which are under way. Captain Harwood reports the rifle-pits completed, with the exception of about 100 yards. The major-general commanding Fifth Corps directed all work on the batteries on his front to be suspended last night, consequently they remain as last reported.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. H. MENDELL,

Captain of Engineers.

