
battle of the present campaign. And the following named for brigadier-generals: First, Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Bankhead, inspector-general, Fifth Army Corps, who is thoroughly acquainted with the duties, and whom I have sent on several occasions to virtually command brigades, in trying circumstances, deprived of their commanders by wounds. Second, Captain Frederick Winthrop, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, who has shown most marked ability in the battles of the campaign in command of his regiment. He has been previously recommended. Third, Colonel J. H. Kitching, Sixth New York Artillery, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, who is possessed of great energy and ability and distinguished in the battle of May 19. Fourth, Colonel William S. Tilton, Twenty-second Massachusetts Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, First Division, recommended by General Griffin. Fifth, Lieutenant Colonel William Division, recommended by General Griffin. Fifth, Lieutenant Colonel William A. Throop, First Michigan Volunteers, recommended by General Bartlett. Sixth, Colonel J. W. Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding brigade, recommended before. I inclose communications in relation to above officers.

Two valuable officers now out of service, one of whom commanded a brigade during the most active part of the campaign, and the other till he lost his arm at Spotsylvania, should be included. The first, Colonel J. B. Sweitzer, Sixty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, both of whom have been before recommended. I would like to add my recommendation of the following officers to that of the officers with whom they now serve: First, Colonel H. L. Abbot, First Connecticut Artillery, and Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Morgan, inspector-general, Second Army Corps.

Respectfully submitted.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 18, 1864 - 9 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

All the rifle-pits connecting the Norfolk railroad with the one on the plank road and the abatis around the latter are completed. About 100 yards of rifle-pit remain to be completed on the right of this last redoubt. the work of strengthening the lines now held and for protecting the men are progressing night and day. The construction of batteries at points located by General Hunt is also in progress. There has been scarcely any firing either of musketry or artillery on my front to-day. The enemy continues to work on his lines also. I renew the suggestion to relieve the picket-line now held by the colored troops by a brigade from the Second Corps. I would also recommended that General Ferrero's command be detailed as engineer soldiers during the siege.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 18, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

I am directed to acknowledge your dispatch of 9 p. m. The commanding general is not prepared to accede to your suggestion in regard

