
guns to stand upon, as I directed you. Neither were they cutting off the front of the angle on the southwest corner as I directed. This work on the angles in the most important for its defense of anything that is to be done, and should not be neglected.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General BAXTER,Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division:

GENERAL: I saw to-day that they had made the rifle breast-works on the left of the redoubt stronger than I directed, while they had not as yet touched the part laid out on the right. These two parts should have been carried on at the same time, as there is no telling which will be first needed. They would have both been made with the labor spent on one of them if my instructions had not been exceeded.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 18, 1864 - 9 a. m.

General WILLIAMS:

I have the honor to report an unusually quiet night on my front. Every precaution was taken in reference to the anticipated attack. The report of the general of the trenches, a copy* of which has been sent you, will give you all information in reference to the work in progress.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,

Before Petersburg, July 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the siege works in front of the Ninth Corps are vigorously prosecuted day and night, and are rapidly approaching completion. The fatigue parties were withdrawn, however, last night, to assist in repelling the anticipated attack, but returned to duty on the works again this morning. The fort near the burnt house is very near completion; will be furnished to-day, and the covered way leading to it will be completed by to-morrow morning. The mine at the present time has been carried to a horizontal depth of 515 feet, and reaches a point directly beneath the enemy's works. The galleries are already commenced. The lines along our front are well guarded and in good condition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, General of the Trenches.

---------------

* See next, post.

---------------

