
line in a westerly direction from the point of woods opposite the railroad, over the brow of the hill, almost at right angles to their old line in front of our left.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTER THIRD DIVISION, July 18, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In anticipation of an attack last night, I caused to be made the following changes in the position of my batteries, viz: One of the two light 12's on the left center of Humphrey's line transferred to right center, looking up a ravine; the other remains as before. Two of Twitchell's light 12's, near the burnt house, moved farther to the front, looking up the same ravine, and works thrown up, which will be further strengthened, having on section still near the burnt house. Four of Mayo's rifled guns added to Roemer's battery, giving eight guns in that position, so that I have now fourteen guns in position on my line and two in reserve. My troops are all in the lines.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, July 18, 1864 - 8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the second light 12 gun will be put in the new position across the railroad to-night. A shell from Battery Graves to-day set fire to a house opposite our right, from which rebel sharpshooters had annoyed mu lines, and consumed it. Captain Roemer reports new works erected by the rebels on the ridge on rear of their line of battle, for the most part masked by brush.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 18, 1864 - 1.30 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed to say that the cavalry brigade picketing on the left of the army cannot, of course, extend its patrols this side of the Blackwater, and that the commanding general expects the Prince George Court-House and other roads between the Blackwater and the James River to be looked after by the cavalry under your immediate orders, as it was before General Gregg was brought up to the left.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

