
by a party supposed to be a company of Fortieth Kentucky Infantry now in our front. Their object was evidently to feel the line and capture some prisoners for information, but they did not capture or hurt a man, and in the end escaped with some difficulty themselves, greatly to the disgust of the officer of the Sixth New York, commanding picket, whose men were all dismounted and their horses retired. The line was immediately re-established, in accomplishing which one of my staff had his horse shot. No other casualty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

JULY 18, 1864 - 1.05 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There are three signal lights in the sky looking like stars, one northeast by north, the other due east, and the other nearly west from here.

BENJ. F. BUTTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, July 18, 1864 - 10.20 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Deserters continued coming in last night, all confirming the report that we were to be attacked, the last one in said the order had been given and preparations were made. Longstreet was to attack, because so many deserters had come into our lines and exposed their plans. What was the result of the flag of truce yesterday?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, July 18, 1864 - 11.35 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The flag of truce was received and the men have gone to Richmond. Am to send for them Wednesday.

BENJ. F. BUTLER.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, July 18, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

The General Orders, No. 225, from the War Department, has been published directly from the Adjutant-General's Office, and is making irregularity in the corps and inquiry at these headquarters as to whom division commanders are to report. While I grieve to trouble you about such a matter, still may I ask that the proper order, as I learned it from yourself, may be published. It is clearly within your province. Perhaps an order assigning the Eighteenth to General Franklin as soon as he shall

