
the right of the road. This passage is reported as being wide enough for four men to pass through abreast. A lieutenant in the Sixtieth Ohio claims now to have seen it this morning, but made no report of the matter. His name I have not yet ascertained.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HUMPHREY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[First indorsement.]

Brigadier General R. B. POTTER,

Commanding Second Division:

The above is sent for your information, and I am directed by the general commanding to say that you will please direct your brigade commanders to keep a good lookout, as there seems to be a disposition on the part of the enemy to break through our lines at the point above mentioned.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD M. NEILL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION.

Colonel STEERE:

You will take every precaution to secure the safety of your line, and particularly make sure against any surprise, holding your entire command in readiness to resist an attack.

[Third indorsement.]

GENERAL: * You will have your command in readiness to move in support of the First Brigade, or to other point that may be required.

HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 19, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to respectfully and urgently request the return of the mounted and dismounted cavalry of this corps now at Washington City and its vicinity. It is scarcely necessary to enumerate the many reasons in favor of their immediate return. Those mounted can be of little service to the Government, as they are without organizations or officers. The dismounted men at Giesborough, if sent here to my dismounted camp, can be mounted as the horses arrive, the best first, and the balance,kept under good discipline, available at all times. I hope that no time will be lost in getting these men back. The enemy is increasing his cavalry force every day, while we have about Washington 6,000 or 7,000 men without horses, in consequence of which they are a burden instead of a benefit to the Government,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

---------------

* Probably S. G. Griffin.

---------------

