HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp at Jordan's Point, July 19, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. WILSON,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you detail one brigade of your division to relieve Colonel Devin's brigade, of the First Cavalry Division, now on picket on the left of the army. Colonel Devin's headquarters are on the plank road near Temple's house. The brigade detailed by you will march this afternoon (so that Colonel Devin can return in the morning) via Prince George Court-House and thence to Temple's house by way of the courier-line.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, July 19, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE H. CHAPMAN,Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: In accordance with instructions received from Cavalry Corps headquarters, you will proceed with as little delay as possible with your brigade to the left army, to relieve Colonel Devin's brigade, of the First Division, Cavalry Corps, now on picket there. Colonel Devin's headquarters are on the plank road near Temple's house. The regiment of your brigade on picket at Prince George Court-House will be relieved by a regiment from General Gregg's division, and will join you as soon as relieved. You will take three days' rations and forage, and march via Prince George Court-House, thence to Temple's house by way of the courier-line.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 19, 1864 - 9.30 a. m.

(Sent 10.35 a. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Supposing it to be the settled policy if the War Department to establish recruiting rendezvous at Fortress Monroe and New Berne, I desire an alternation of detail of officers. They have detailed Colonel Draper, one of my very best officers, in charge at Fortress Monroe. Now, if they will detail Brigadier-General Wild, who is admirably fitted for it, there instead of Draper it will solve many difficulties of organization. Will you please apply for the change, Wild instead of Draper?

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., July 19, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Commanding, &c.:

Your communication and dispatch relative to recruiting at Fortress Monroe and New Berne received. I have telegraphed objecting to the

