HEADQUARTERS SIEGE TRAIN,Broadway Landing, July 19, 1864.

Brigadier General GEORGE D. RAMSAY,

Chief of Ordnance, U. S. Army, Winder Building,

Washington, D. C.:

Am nearly out of Coehorn mortar ammunition. Please forward about 10,000 rounds as soon as possible. Was my letter of 15th instant received?

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery, Commanding.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 19, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding First Connecticut Artillery, Bermuda Hundred, Va.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 15th instant, containing a requisition for ammunition is received. Letters of notification are to-day sent to Captain Hatfield, your ordnance officer, informing him of the amounts that have been ordered to him. Arrangements were made some time ago for collecting this ammunition at Fort Monroe; but so much of it has been diverted for other purposes that only a small portion of it has yet been received at Fort Monroe. After this week ammunition can be forwarded to you at about the following rates: 24-pounder Coehorn, 3,000 rounds per week; 8-inch mortar and siege fun, 2,600 rounds per week; 30-pounder Parrott, 3,000 rounds per week; 4 1/2-inch siege, 1,500 rounds per week. there is a plentiful supply of 10-inch siege mortar-shells and of 100-pounder Parrott ammunition. Fifteen more 8-inch siege mortars and beds have been ordered to Fort Monroe to-day. Some of them will be there this week, and all of them by the end of next week. They will be sent up to you at any time on your telegraphing here for them. The fuses asked for by you will reach you by the end of this week.

GEO. D. RAMSAY,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Ordnance.

JULY 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEITZEL, Acting Chief of Staff:

In consequence of my taking command of the corps Foster comes into command of the First Division. Is it necessary that he should remain at Deep Bottom, or can he come to the headquarters of the division, leaving his next on rank in command where he now is?

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, July 19, 1864.

General TERRY, Tenth Army Corps:

The general commanding directs that General Foster remain where he is (at Deep Bottom), and that division headquarters be moved to him.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Acting Chief of Staff.

