
have them here would secure us against any disaster. If we do not get them here it is my impression that sooner or later we will lose what will cost us many millions of money and many lives to retake.

It appears to me that it will not require much ingenuity to get one of our iron-clads over the swash at Hatteras, and the fact of our having such vessels here would prevent the rebels from attempting a raid into the Sounds. Captain Maffitt now commands the ram Albemarle, and we all know that he is not the man to sit down at Plymouth. He was ordered there to do something, and if he can get a fleet of these rams before we receive any iron vessels we must expect disaster. Cannot the Navy Department be aroused to a proper appreciation of this matter?

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OUTPOSTS, July 19, 1864.

General PALMER:

I have your kind note; that party goes out. I should be very happy to come down, but am somewhat knocked up, and the doctor says I must keep quiet. I am keeping Kinston in a perfect ferment - my object is, I want to fool them into security and then pounce on them. Please send for that refugee sent in to-day; he can give you some interesting facts with regard to rebel designs on Point Lookout, &amp;c.

P. J. CLAASSEN,Colonel, Commanding Outposts.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 20, 1864 - 4.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Yours of yesterday about a call for 300,000 is received. I suppose you have not seen the call for 500,000 made the day before, and which I suppose covers the case. Always glad to have your suggestions.

A. LINCOLN.

CITY POINT, July 20, 1864 - 2 p. m.

(Received 9.35 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

If General Branard can be spared from Washington I would like on have him ordered back to the field. If he cannot be spared now send him as soon as he can be conveniently spared. I think immediate steps should be taken for completing and connecting the fortifications about Baltimore. The officers in charge of the works about Washington can take charge of those of Baltimore also. I have heard nothing of the determination come to on my recommendation about the merging of the four departments about Washington into one.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

