
cannot tell anything, in addition to the above, as to the whereabouts of Hill's corps, but says that the people are moving all their valuables out of the city and are leaving it personally in considerable numbers; that they are digging caves in and about the town, and expect the bombardment to happen soon, against which they do not believe that they will be able to make resistance. The cars on the Weldon railroad do not run into the city, but stop at the lead-works, and the rations are issued from there. There was a rumor yesterday within the enemy's lines that every night for a few nights past some troops, the number of which could not be stated, had been taken from about Petersburg and sent away. It was supposed that they were sent to re-enforce General Early in the Valley. The infantry from Proctor's plantation, on the plank road below Reams' Station, has left. The direction is not known. Our men heard eight of nine trains on the Weldon railroad last night. They return to the depot to-night, and will be in morning.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, July 20, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following report, just received from the signal station at the Jordan house:

JULY 20, 1864.

Intercepted the following message from rebel signal station:

"Colonel BRENT,"Assistant Adjutant-General:

"One regiment of infantry drilling in open space to our left of Cobb's. About fifty men drilling at battery below Manascillan's. One gun-boat and one steamers below it. On account of the trees which intercept our view we cannot see whether the gun-boat reported last p. m. as approaching Red Bluff coming up, has gone down.

"OPERATOR."

("Same to A. B.")

CLARK,

Captain.

By order:

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. STRYKER,

First Lieutenant and Adjutant of Signal Corps.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, July 20, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following reports have just been received, and are respectfully forwarded for your information:

STATION NEAR FIFTH CORPS HEADQUARTERS, July 20.

No change. Can see a large camp of enemy about three miles northwest of this point.

DUFF,Lieutenant.

