HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 6, 1864-11 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Patrick has gone to City Point to-day to see about the additional duties recently assigned to him. I trust it may not be considered necessary for him to remove his headquarters from here there. I consider it essential that the provost-marshal-general of this army, whose duties are so intimately connected with its police and discipline, should be permanently at these headquarters, and with the telegraph, and deputies I see no reason for the separation of General Patrick. In the case of the chief quartermaster,his transfer was at my suggestion, because I clearly foresaw his duties would require it. It has resulted practically in his complete separation so far as I have any authority or control, and in the selection of a deputy who is in reality the chief quartermaster. Such an arrangement would not, in my judgment, be convenient in the cases of other staff departments, and I sincerely trust it will not be deemed necessary.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., July 6, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.,:

General Patrick need not move from your headquarters, at least not until I see you and give further orders in the matter. I should visit the front at least every other day, but the heat and dust makes it a day's work to go up there and back without seeing anything on the lines whilst up there.

U. S. GRANT

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 6, 1864.

Brigadier General R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster:

It having been found by experience that the armies in the field operating against Richmond, can be more easily and economically supplied from City Point and Bermuda Hundred, you will therefore make the former place the main depot for these armies and the latter a subordinate one.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES,

City Point, July 6, 1864

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

Ricketts' division of about 5,000 infantry and Sheridan's dismounted cavalry about 3,000 are embarking here to-day for Harper's Ferry by Baltimore. No wagons or ambulances are taken. If any should happen

