
terms of service do not expire with the regiment. The names of the officers selected will be sent to these headquarters, to be forwarded for the approval of the major-general commanding the army.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: About a week since I reported to you the capture of three men near our Fifth Corps cattle herd, one of whom escaped with a charge of shot in his back. To-day Lieutenant A. T. Morgan, who is in command of my provost guard, visited some men stationed as safeguards, at the request of Major Rider, for the purpose of arranging for their rations, &amp;c. When near the house of Mr. Tatum, he was captured by nine rebel cavalry commanded by a lieutenant. They were armed with carbines and revolvers. Upon being informed by the safeguard that he was their commander he was released, and informed that they were ordered to respect safeguards, &c. They boasted of having captured many of our men within a week. Lieutenant Morgan says there is no guard or picket between our cattle herd and where he was captured. The man who was captured and escaped the other day says the same. Lieutenant Morgan is a very reliable man and every word he says can be believed. I suggest that Captain Smith may not find his cattle all safe at so great a distance from camp, and no pickets.

Very respectfully,

L. CUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

The rebel lieutenant told Lieutenant Morgan that he had sent in over 400 deserters and stragglers from our lines within two weeks.

L. CUTLER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 20, 1864-9 a. m.

General WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have nothing of importance to report this morning. There was more than the usual amount of both artillery and musketry last night. The enemy sounded his reveille at 3 a. m. The mine is about ready to charge now, and no attempts at countermining have been discovered. The lateral galleries can be carried farther if thought desirable and further delay in exploding the mine is decided upon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

