
to be needed please direct some to be sent from the Washington depot for temporary service. These troops will begin to arrive in Baltimore to-morrow 12 noon.

RUFUS INGALLS.

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

CITY POINT, June 6, 1864.

(Received 1 a.m.)

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.:

A division of infantry and the dismounted cavalry are ordered to Washington. I will be ready to furnish transports at this point and the cavalry depot as fast as the troops arrive. Please inform me of number and time.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.

JULY 6, 1864-9.20 a.m.

Brigadier-General INGALLS:

Lieutenant-General Grant has directed that the troops ordered to Washington proceed via Baltimore, and from Baltimore report by telegraph to Major-General Halleck, chief of staff of the army, for orders. Please in the name of the commanding general instruct the commanders of the troops accordingly when they embark. General Sheridan has been instructed to send with the dismounted men the unequipped men he has with his command. He has also been instructed to acquaint you as soon as possible with the number of men he will have to embark. Please acknowledge.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General INGALLS:

The commanding general directs that you hand the following to General Ricketts, commanding the division of the Sixth Corps ordered to Washington, and now on the way to City Point:

S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 6, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier-General RICKETTS,

Commanding Division;

Lieutenant-General Grant has directed that the troops ordered to Washington proceed via Baltimore, and from Baltimore report by telegraph to Major-General Halleck, chief of staff of the army, for orders. You will be governed accordingly and will give the necessary instructions to the commanders of your troops as they embark. Please acknowledge.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

