
CITY POINT, VA., July 21, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

You may retain Wright's command until the departure of Early is assured, or other forces are collected to make its presence no longer necessary. I have ordered another regiment of heavy artillery back to Washington, but they will not go while the Sixth and part of the Nineteenth Corps are there. I am now sending back all veterans whose term of service expires previous to the 25th of

August. If Early has halted about Berryville what is there to prevent Wright and Hunter from attacking him?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 21, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

General Barnard is ordered to report to you. Engineer officers have been sent several times to Baltimore to lay out the works. Some are there now. I think, from personal examination, that they are better located than the defenses of Washington. It appears that Early sent a small force south with his plunder, and massed the rest near Winchester. General Averell had a skirmish there yesterday, and reports having killed and wounded over 300 rebels, taking 200 prisoners and 4 pieces of artillery. Nothing hear from Wright for three days. When he received your orders he replied that he would return as soon as assured of rebel retreat. Your telegram about merging departments is in the hands of the Secretary of War. I have no good reason for removing or superseding General Augur. He is capable and efficient. General Franklin would not give satisfaction. The President ordered him to be tried from negligence and disobedience of orders when here before, but General McClellan assumed the responsibility of his repeated delays in obeying orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 21, 1864-11.30 a.m.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

There is no indication of any troops having been sent from here north. Deserters coming in daily indicate nearly every division of Hill's, Longstreet's, and Beauregard's forces. Hill's corps has withdrawn from its position on the extreme right, and was yesterday in rear of the other part of the line held by the enemy. There is a rumor of some force having been sent to Georgia; but if this is so, it is most likely only regiments selected from their commands.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

