
IV. Colonel Henry S. Burton, Fifth U. S. Artillery, is relieved from duty in the Eighteenth Army Corps, and will report to Major General George G. Meade, commanding the Army of the Potomac, for orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, July 21, 1864.

[General HUMPHREYS:]

GENERAL: From our party sent out last night and returned this morning we learn as follows: Our agent reports that there is no doubt whatever that the divisions of Hill's corps on the enemy's right were moved night before last by rail to the vicinity of Petersburg. All the trains which ran night before last carried troops, and he has learned by the evidence of those who have seen them that Hill's troops were lying yesterday about a mile and a half from Petersburg on the easterly side of the Weldon railroad. The expression used was, they were "lying there in camps," and the person describing them said he thought they reached along a distance of about half a mile. It is also certain that most of the infantry was moved from Reams' Station night before last, that it returned to the vicinity of Petersburg on the cars, and that but 150 infantry are now in that vicinity. Colonel Phillips, of a Georgia regiment of cavalry, is in command on the enemy's right, having his headquarters at Wyatt's house; and his command seems to be a mixed one, made up of small detachments from various cavalry regiments. The rumor is still prevalent within the enemy's lines that for several nights past some troops have been moved away. This rumor is very indistinct, and can be traced to no particular facts; but yesterday it was said that troops were being sent to Georgia. Our men brought Richmond and Petersburg papers of yesterday, and another party which was expected to get beyond the Weldon railroad last night is expected in every moment.

Very respectfully,GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 21, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The foregoing is forwarded for your information. The papers referred to are sent by orderly.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, July 21, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Three deserters from the Fifth North Carolina Regiment, Gordon's old cavalry brigade, W. H. F. Lee's division, came into our lines this a. m. about 10 o'clock. They were forwarded from the head-

