HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 21, 1864.

Major General G. K. WARREN,Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

In connection with your indorsement of the 20th instant* on the letter of the chief of artillery to the chief of staff of the 18th instant, referred to you for information and report, the major-general commanding directs me to say that he desires you will give, as far as practicable, the direction of the artillery of your corps to the chief of artillery, and that when, in your opinion, that officer cannot give the necessary attention to any particular battery, and that the direction of it should be given to the division commander, the orders should be sent to the battery through the chief of artillery, and that while he is willing to admit the difficulty of any one man superintending the details during action of so many batteries, he does not see that this furnishes any argument for his being set aside altogether, and that he believes that with conciliation and harmony and a disposition to co-operate there need be no difficulty in having all proper orders given and executed.

Very respectfully,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Hunt.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 21, 1864.

(Received 12.10 p. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I forward the following:
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 21, 1864.

General WARREN:

GENERAL: A sergeant and these men from one of the Virginia regiments came into my lines last night. A patrol sent in search of them approaching our line too closely was fired upon. These men report that an official order had been published relieving General Johnston at Atlanta and conferring the command upon General Hood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-It is reported to me that the trains on the Weldon road, bound north, stop at a bridge about Blick's or Dunlop's and run in after dark.

S. W. C.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 21, 1864.

General WARREN:

The commanding general wishes to know where the cattle of the Fifth Corps are herded and where Tatum's house is.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General.

---------------

*See p. 350.

---------------

