
Orders, Numbers 70, report here for assignment. He can report by telegraph or letter, and I presume he will be assigned to your corps. If he already belongs to your corps as a general officer there is no need of his reporting here. Should Captain Amory, assistant adjutant-general, report here he will be assigned to your corps, but as I stated in my dispatch of this evening, he has been recently ordered to the Tenth Corps, so that we do not expect him.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, Near Petersburg, Va., July 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report as general officer of the trenches for the tour ending at 8 a. m. this day:

Nothing of importance has occurred along the line. Considerable artillery firing was kept up on our front yesterday; at night the musketry fire of the enemy was unusually sharp. During the day the line of trenches were thoroughly policed and every exertion made to drain them. Covered ways at several points were strengthened. No further indications of movements of the enemy were observed than that they were constantly at work strengthening their line of works. Reports were made that they were establishing a new line; from the best observation I doubt the report. About 3 p. m. the enemy opened with mortars in a new position from what has been noticed before, viz, about 300 yards to the left of the railroad track. Owing to the hour of relieving division officer of the day the report of general officer is necessarily delayed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. P. STEERE,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Ninth Army Corps., General Officer of Trenches, 20th instant.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, Before Petersburg, va., July 21, 1864-8 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that everything has been quiet along my line for the past twelve hours, the First and Second Brigades relieving each other, the Second going to the rear line, one-half proceeding to camp in the rear for two days.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. LEDLIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, July 21, 1864-8 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that both brigades were engaged in laying new abatis and otherwise strengthening their lines

