
Norfolk road, and to Lee's Mill, and will also patrol across from the plank road to the Prince George Court-House road. * * * Scouting parties should be sent out from time to time toward the railroad, toward Wyatt's, and toward Wyatt's, and toward Reams' Station.

Major-General Sheridan has been directed to send a brigade to the vicinity of Prince George Court-House, if there is water sufficient, and to instruct the commander of the brigade that his patrols must connect with yours. I will inform General Sheridan that you report that you cannot patrol farther from than the Norfolk road, and that he must instruct the brigade commander accordingly; but, until you are relieved from that part of your patrol line by the brigade commander at Prince George Court-House, the commanding general directs that you patrol to the Prince George Court-House road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, In the Field, July 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I am obliged for the assignment of General Ord to the Eighteenth Corps. In regard to the Tenth, of the two major-generals I believe Birney would be the best assignment. Allow me, however, to call your attention to General Martindale. He is a graduate of the class of General Meade, a gentleman of ability, and has shown himself to be a good soldier, a good lawyer, and you will pardon me for believing that he has some of the qualities, therefore, of a soldier. General Martindale is the senior brigadier-general in the active service, and has been during the war in many battles, behaving well, and without promotion. If you think with me, might not General Martindale be assigned to the Tenth Corps? Of course these are suggestions to your better judgment, only saying further that General Martindale would be perfectly agreeable to me, and from what I have seen of him commends himself to my good opinion. I say this without prejudice to General Birney, whom I also much respect. If it be said that General Martindale is only a brigadier, that may be answered by saying that is not his fault, and I have no doubt he will earn his spurs. Allow me to congratulate you upon the good news from Hunter; it is very good.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, In the Field, July 21, 1864. (Sent 7.05 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding, &amp;c.:

I have see General Martindale, and his health is so infirm that he must go home; so that I think you will not do better than to assign Birney to the Tenth Corps.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

