
railroad, with the exception of small scouting parties. He corroborates previous information that they are rapidly repairing the Weldon railroad at Reams' Station. He crossed the railroad yesterday afternoon near the Prince George Court-House road, with a scouting party of several other men, from his brigade. Before informant left his camp yesterday he heard that a train had arrived from Danville on the South Side Railroad, and that the road had been repaired at Burkeville so that trains could pass from Danville to Petersburg. Full rations have been issued all along, as usual, with the exception of corn. The cavalry have been on half rations of corn for several days, having to draw their supply by wagon from Stony Creek Depot. Very little is known in their army of the whereabouts of Ewell's corps. It was reported to be operating in the Valley. Informant thinks it is certain that it is not here, for convalescents and furloughed men belonging to Ewell's corps are under charge of the provost-marshal at Petersburg awaiting its return. He reports the number of effective men for duty in his brigade to be about 800.

Very respectfully.

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,July 6, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

A contraband who accompanied our scouts on an expedition a few days since in the direction of Reams' Station got lost from the party and returned this morning. He crossed the railroad two miles above Reams' Station last evening. He states that they are busily engaged repairing the road at Reams' Station, and that a train came down the road last evening between sundown and dark. This was understood to be the first train that had passed over the road since it was torn up. There is a brigade of infantry on Colonel Wyatt's place on the low ground near the railroad-west side. Colonel Wyatt's place is about two miles and a half above Reams' Station.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

July 6, 1864

General HUMPHREYS:

A deserter from the Forty-eighth Mississippi Regiment, Harris' brigade, Mahone's division, came into the lines of the Third Division, Fifth Corps, at noon to-day. He can give no important information other than the position of troops along that part of the line where his brigade is stationed. He thinks the extreme right of the infantry line is at the lead-works, resting on the railroad, which is held by Heth's division, which occupies about one mile of the line. Next on the left is his own division (Mahone's) which is posted from right to left as follows: Wright's brigade, Wilcox's, and Mahone's, with Finegan's (Florida) brigade in reserve. He does not know what is farther on the left. On the part of the line occupied by Wright's brigade are a

