
[JULY 21, 1864.]

Brigadier-General FOSTER,

Commanding First Division:

I suggested to General Weitzel the propriety of withdrawing the Eleventh Maine, thinking the position too exposed. The following is his reply.*

A. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS, Deep Bottom, July 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. HILL,Eleventh Maine Volunteers:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that, as it appears probable that it will be very foggy to-night, you use the utmost vigilance to prevent your command from being surprised or cut off from the redoubt in your rear. It is quite probable that the enemy will attack you to-night or in the morning. If they do, keep a good watch and see that you are not flanked. Send word to the gun-boats if you are driven out of the woods, and they will open on the enemy. See that the enemy do not send a force from the direction of Malvern Hill and get between you and camp. If you hold your position examine the country in the morning and report as early as practicable how many men will be necessary to hold the position permanently.

Yours, &amp;c.,

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS REDOUBT, Near Bluff, July 21, 1864.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Tenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication, with instructions, &c. I have to report that about dark the enemy appeared in such force in my front that I deemed it inexpedient to remain near the woods, and have withdrawn my force to the redoubt. Unless otherwise ordered, I shall remain here to-night, the men being much fatigued. The skirmish line of the enemy charged on mine, but were repulsed. Immediately after I heard distinctly a large force preparing to attack, I should judge at least a brigade. Inclosed please find letters captured with one of the prisoners. I have to report one man accidentally wounded.

Very respectfully,

J. A. HILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eleventh Maine Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

*See Weitzel to Terry, sent 9.10 p. m., p. 380.

---------------

