
that he can meet with better success than those who have before attempted the capture of this place. The secessionists around Edenton say that Bragg has here 15,000 men, which I consider doubtful. I can only say that we will do the best we can with the force we have. A small fleet of boats, each arranged to carry one gun and about eighty men, is reported moving in this direction.

I am, truly, yours,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, July 22, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 6.40 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

A staff officer of General Wright arrived last night with a dispatch, dated 1.30 p. m. of the 21st.* Acting on your previous orders, he had given up the pursuit and would reach Washington to-day. He left the enemy retreating on Front Royal and Strasburg. It is for you to decide whether he small remain to co-operate with Hunter's forces, or whether he shall embark for City Point. In my opinion raids will be renewed as soon as he leaves; but you are the judge whether or not a large enough movable force shall be kept here to orevent them.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 22, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 7 a. m. 23d.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of 10 a. m. to-day received. I telegraphed several days ago to retain Wright and the other forces until the retreat of Early was fully assured, and asked if Wright and Hunter were not strong enough to attack him. You need not send any troops back until the main force of the enemy is known to have left the Valley. Is Wright still where he can act in conjunction with Hunter? If the two can push the enemy back and destroy railroads from Charlottesville to Gordonsville I would prefer that service to having them here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, July 22, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Major-General Butler telegraphs that Foster has retaken the position from which he was driven last night, and has directed him to hold it unless attacked by a superior force, which, however, he does not apprehend will be attempted.

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXVII, Part II, p. 411.

---------------

25 R R-VOL XL, PT III

