
large number of batteries and he thinks more guns there than any part of the line occupied by A. P. Hill's corps. He knows nothing of Generals Ewell or Early or their commands; thought General Ewell was down the railroad with his corps.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHALL-GENERAL,

July 6, 1864

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from the Sixth Virginia Regiment, Mahone's old brigade, of Mahone's division, came into the lines of the Third Division, Second Army Corps, about 6 this p.m. He appears to be truthful in his statement, and is very intelligent. His statement disagrees with that of the deserter from Harris' brigade, of the same division, previously reported this p.m. regarding the position of Mahone's division. He states that Mahone's old brigade is on the right of the division extending to the lead-works; that Wright's brigade is on the left, and Harris' and Wilcox's old brigades are in the center, with Finegan's (Florida) brigade in reserve; that Heth's division is at some point farther to the right down the railroad, and part if not all of Wilcox's division also; that General Mahone is constructing a line of works in the rear of his present position for the better protection of his reserves, at which we have lately been throwing shell; that they have two miles of abatis in front of Hill's corps, and but a single line of battle. All parts of the line are connected with telegraphic communication, and information is under the impression that their position can be held with a very small force; that day before yesterday a lieutenant of his regiment saw in Richmond on the bulletin board a dispatch from General Johnston's army to the effect that a fight had taken place at Atlanta, and that General Sherman was defeated and in retreat. Informant brought a Richmond paper of to-day, which he left at the picket-line. It had news of the capture of Harper's Ferry by Early's forces.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK,
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 6, 1864

Captain B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

REBEL SIGNAL STATION,

Archer's, July 6, 1864-9.15 a.m.

Colonel BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No movement of any kind visible in enemy's camp in the vicinity of Cobb's this a.m. One gun-boat above Point of Rocks.

A. T. C.

Sergeant,

Yesterday afternoon same station reported a drove of our cattle moving on the Broadway road east.

FULLER.

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

