HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 22, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

DEAR GENERAL: I send herewith the Pittsburg Commercial of July 14, which has an allusion to you and myself, which I have marked. Seeing this in the papers I have thought it best to indicate at least one way in which it may have been started. About two weeks ago General Smith told me that it was common talk at General Grant's headquarters that you had told General Grant that you had threatened me with a court-martial if I did not resign. As you had never done so, I could not believe for an instant that you had ever said so to General Grant, and yet I believe the story circulates as coming from the highest authority. I wish to make some public denial of the statement contained in this newspaper.

Respectfully,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.*]

A late letter from the Army of the Potomac states that General Meade and General Warren have had a disagreement; that the former preferred charges against the latter for disobedience and tardy execution of orders, but that nothing has yet come of it. The same writer says a great deal of jealousy, fault-finding, and mutual derogation has been awakened in the army, at which the country would be astonished, if not disgusted, were the facts to be given. Important changes are rumored.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 22, 1864.

[Major General G. K. WARREN:]

GENERAL: Although I cannot be responsible for the newspaper correspondents, or the talk of staff officers, I have inclosed a note denying the statement in the Pittsburg Commercial, which you can make any use of you think proper. I could not deny the existence of a disagreement, because there was a serious one between us on the 19th ultimo, and I don't think you ought to be surprised at the publicity, as your conversation in the presence of General Crawford, and within the hearing of several officers outside your tent, precluded the possibility of its being kept private. I frankly confess to you I was very much irritated, and felt deeply wounded by the tone and tenor of your conversation on that occasion, and fully determined, on leaving you, to apply to have you relieved. I did speak to General Grant upon the subject, with whom I have frequently spoken about you, and I even went so far as to write an official letter giving my reasons for desiring you to be relieved, but upon further reflection, in view of the injury to you, and in the hope the causes of disagreement would not occur in the future, I withheld this letter, and have taken no official action. I do not desire any concealment of my views from you; on the contrary, am glad of this opportunity of an explanation. I have never entertained any but the most friendly feelings toward you, and have always en-

---------------

*Marked in newspaper.

---------------

