HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 22, 1864-6.15 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The firing thus far is nothing more than very sharp work between those parts of lines that are very near each other. It may result in something more, but I think we are ready for anything. Will telegraph more fully soon. I don't think it is anything of any importance.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 22, 1864-9 p. m.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that all has been quiet on my lines up to about 5 p. m., when considerable volley firing took place on part of Second and Third Divisions front. It was started by the enemy; it is hard to say for what reason. It is thought occasioned by a regiment in our woods discharging their pieces. Part of our line will be further strengthened to-night.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

TRENCHES OF THE NINTH ARMY CORPS, In Front of Petersburg, Va., July 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit my reports as general of the trenches of the Ninth Army Corps for July 21 and 22. There was the regular routine of picket and artillery firing during the day and night, by which but little was effected on either side so far as could be seen. No change has been made within the last few days in the position of the artillery of the corps, except that four pieces of Captain Twitchell's battery have been so placed as to sweep the ravine and corn-field in front of the Second Brigade, Third Division. Two of these pieces are to the right of the burnt house, and two in the front line near the ice-houses. This change has added greatly to the strength of this, till now the weakest, part of the line. The redoubt in rear of the burnt house is nearly completed, and yesterday and to-day a heavy fatigue party has been at work on a covered way leading from the woods to it. This way is about one-third completed. The enemy was very busy yesterday in strengthening his line at different points, especially so just to the (our) right of the road in front of the Third Division, apparently fitting a position for mortars. Though there was no attack made on the left of the corps, yet the moving of a considerable body of troops across our front, toward the left, was distinctly heard from the picket-line just before midnight. This move was probably nothing more than relieving the troops that had been occupying the enemy's front line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HUMPHREY,

Colonel Second Michigan Infantry, General of the Trenches.

