HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, July 22, 1864-8 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report "all alive" on my lines. The troops were kept on the alert, particularly after 2.30 a. m. The rebels in front of Hartrauft attempted to lay some additional abatis, but were prevented by our fire. My own abatis has been materially strengthened within the last forty-eight hours. The picket-firing heavier than usual last night. I think some of the shells from our heavy battery fell short and burst within our lines, but have no complaint from the regiments. I have sent down to ascertain, and if there has been any damage worth reporting will write you again. Lieutenant-Colonel Barnes, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, reported to me last night and had his route marked out for contingencies, but there was no occasion for disturbing his troops.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, July 22, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that all was quiet on my lines to-day until about 5 this evening, when considerable volley firing was exchanged, begun against working parties opposite my right. The first firing heard seems to have originated from a party of our own troops (not of this division) discharging their pieces just in rear of the woods. I had no notice of it. During the firing a detachment of our cavalry attempted to ride across the open field west of the New Market road. This drew two artillery shots which struck in the camp of the Twenty-fourth New York Cavalry, dismounted, one of which wounded Captain Palmer, of that regiment. I have heretofore reported that ground within range, and would respectfully request that general notice be given that it draws fire upon our troops for detachments, particularly mounted men, to cross the ground.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 22, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. WILSON,Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: Colonel Chapman's brigade will be relieved so as to return to camp to-morrow.

JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

