
WASHINGTON, July 5, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

General Hunter has just been heard from at Parkersburg. Thirteen hundred of his men are coming forward to re-enforce General Kelley at Cumberland and New Creek.

H. W. HALLECK.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, July 5, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point, Va.:

All available water transportation is now at Fort Monroe and in James River. General Meigs recommends that it all be placed under General Ingalls,as, by a divided command, there is conflict of orders. As Hunter's force is now coming within reach, I think your operations should not be interfered with by sending troops here. If Washington and Baltimore should be so seriously threatened as to require your aid, I will inform you in time. Although most of our forces are not of a character suitable for the field (invalids and militia), yet I have no apprehensions at present about the safety of Washington, Baltimore Harper's Ferry, or Cumberland. These points cover our supplies, and raids between cannot effect any damage that cannot soon be repaired. If, however, you can send us your dismounted cavalry, we can use it to advantage,and, perhaps, soon return it remounted.

H. W. HALLECK.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 5, 1864-11.50 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of 12.30 [1] p.m. received. I have ordered to Washington the dismounted cavalry and one division of infantry, which will be followed by the balance of the corps, if necessary. We want now to crush out and destroy any force the enemy have sent north. Force enough can be spared from here to do it. I think now there is no doubt but Ewell's corps is away from here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 5, 1864-10 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The usual quiet along the lines of this army prevailed yesterday and last night, disturbed only by the usual artillery and musketry practice in front of the Ninth Corps, which occurred at 2 a.m. this morning. General Burnside reports the enemy as having established a mortar battery in his front from which they occasionally shell his lines. He reports the casualties during the past ten days as amounting to 480 in all. An examination of the proposed point of attack in front of Burnside's line made by the chief engineer of this army has resulted in a less favorable report than was anticipated. A written report will be forwarded. In the meantime a critical examination of the lines of both

