HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,July 6, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following signal message was taking from the enemy's station at Archer's, north bank of the Appomattox:

1.45 P. M.

Colonel BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nine pieces of artillery moving from right of Cobb's toward the enemy's front below pontoon bridge.

A. T. C.

Sergeant.

The following were reported to me from the stations along our front;

Parties of enemy at work in rear of their line (about 70 or 100 yards), either digging rifle-pits or commencing a new line of works to the west of the Chimneys and plank road. Parties at work throwing up dirt in vicinity of Chimneys (near plank road) to protect batteries from an enfilanding fire. They were also strengthening said batteries.

The men at work on the rifle-pits mentioned were scattered over a space of about one-quarter of a mile in length. While they were busy all day they did not seem to make much headway. I would also respectfully report that there is a point about three-quarters of a mile north of the City Point railroad,in vicinity of Point of Rocks road, from whence, if there was a tower about 100 feet high, many valuable observations could undoubtedly be made. The roads leading into Petersburg and those south and west of the city would, I think be in view so that no movement could take place in the daytime through the city without being discovered. Would it be advisable to have such tower erected?

I have the honor, general, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 6, 1864.

A field return of artillery, showing its condition at date, will he made to the chief of artillery as soon as practicable, in the ordinary form for artillery monthly returns. The remarks will state the losses of guns, gun carriages, limbers, caisson bodies, ammunition-chests, and horses in the recent operations, and state how many horses have been received since to replace them. In the losses the cause of loss, whether in action or turned in, will be stated. A nominal list of killed and wounded officers, with date and place of casualty, will be sent in with the return.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Commandants of artillery of corps and Artillery Reserve.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 6, 1864.

Mr. William Swinton, a duly registered correspondent with this army for the New York Times, and Mr. Kent, a correspondent for the New

