
JULY 22, 1864-4.35 p.m.

General TERRY,

Tenth Corps:

From information derived from a deserter I think the enemy nearest that battery is all cavalry belonging to Gary's brigade. That bridge will be finished by morning, and we still hope to have some of the Nineteenth Corps here by that time to re-enforce Foster. In the meantime let him act as his judgment directs. If he could hold it it would be good, but he must not risk that regiment.

Respectfully,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Deep Bottom, July 22, 1864.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

I am going to try and reoccupy the position taken by the Eleventh Maine yesterday, as I consider it one of great importance. The place occupied was on the road between New Market and Malvern Hill, at the junction of a short road that runs to the Long Bridge road. It cuts the direct communication with Malvern Hill and the forces above, and, I think, if taken and held with a sufficiently strong force would compel the evacuation of the works at Malvern Hill. It also completely protects the pontoon bridge, river navigation, and my right flank. If I get it again to-day I shall hold it, if possible. One of the monitors just came down and anchored off the mouth of Four Mile Creek. Please notify General Weitzel.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

DEEP BOTTOM, July 22, 1864.

General TERRY:

Your dispatch just received. Lieutenant-Colonel Hill has retaken the position of yesterday, and now holds it. I have instructed him if attacked by a large force not to risk a fight; to at once fall back to the redoubt and let the gun-boats shell them. There is evidence that the enemy lost in their engagement with the gun-boats on the 16th. There appears to be a small force coming from direction of Malvern Hill. The gun-boats are shelling along Colonel Hill's front and flank, and I think they will not trouble him. I start for corps headquarters in a few moments.

Respectfully,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION,Deep Bottom, Va., July 22, 1864-3 p.m.

Brigadier General R. S. FOSTER:

GENERAL: Colonel Hill has retaken the battery; it was defended by 300 dismounted cavalry. He thinks it will be impossible to hold the

