
by Lieutenant-Colonel Hill with the Eleventh Maine Volunteers in taking and occupying the position so near the New Market and Malvern Hill road and in front of the enemy's position. This position, if maintained, is of like importance to this command and the enemy. It severs the enemy's communication with Malvern Hill and prevents the interruption of navigation at this point, as well as preventing the annoyance caused by the enemy's batteries stationed near this road. It was accomplished with slight loss to us, and resulted in the capture of a number of prisoners, among them one commissioned officer.

By order of Brigadier General R. S. Foster:

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 22, 1864-1 o'clock.

Lieutenant H. O. FOX,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have retaken the position that I held last evening, driving from the battery 300 dismounted cavalry of the Hampton Legion. If you can send me 200 more men and pioneers to intrench I will hold this position until morning, although my men have been without sleep for thirty-six hours; they have made two unsuccessful attempts to drive us from the battery. Unless I can be re-enforced by 200 men more I think it would not be practicable to hold the battery during the night. If the position is to be held by us please notify my adjutant to have rations provided for my regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. HILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eleventh Maine Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH MAINE VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Va., July 22, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Colonel PLAISTED:

I have just withdrawn my pickets from the gateway or battery, understanding my orders that I should do so, unless I heard otherwise by 5 o'clock. I shall make a reconnaissance up the creek to-night. I do not think it expedient to hold my old line, as I can, if needed, take it again in the morning. The men are very tired and sleepy, as a portion of them were on picket last night.

Respectfully,

J. A. HILL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

If the general orders it I can retake my position to-night.

J. A. H.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 95. July 22, 1864.

In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 64, July 21, 1864, from headquarters Armies of the United States, I hereby assume command of the Eighteenth Army Corps.

