
Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Corps, about 10.30 a.m. to-day. He states that there have been no movements of A. P. Hill's or Longstreet's corps, to his knowledge, excepting the regular relief of brigades in the trenches by those in reserve. Mahone's division is lying in the same position, with Heth to the right and Longstreet's corps on the left. No troops have been sent away from Lee's army to informant's knowledge, and none have been added to it. No news of General Early's forces, other than that they are in the Valley and will probably remain there to secure the crop.

NOTE.-The two divisions of Hill's corps (Heth's and Mahone's) that are now in our front have each a brigade in reserve, which occupies a protected position some distance to the rear of the trenches. The reserve brigade of Heth's division is encamped near and to the left the Weldon railroad, about half way between the lead-works and the town. These are the troops that were seen by our agent on his late trip to Petersburg.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 23, 1864-10 a.m.

Captain FISHER:

A small party of enemy looking on northeast corner of and within redoubt in vicinity of Gregory's house. They appear to be at work on embrasure or table for gun carriage, as axes are freely used.

I. S. LYON,

Signal Officer.

PLANK ROAD STATION,

July 23, 1864-5 p.m.

Captain B. F. FISHER:

No movement of troops or trains to-day. The atmosphere has been very unfavorable for observations all day.

J. B. DUFF,

Second Lieutenant, &amp;c.

WALTHALL SIGNAL STATION,

July 23, 1864-6.15 p.m.

Captain FISHER:

The most smoky day I have seen for many months; consequently nothing seen; city invisible. Lieutenant Fearey endeavored to read a rebel message and got only the following words: "Leaving our front."

CHARLES L. DAVIS,

Captain, &c.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 23, 1864-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

There has been no change in the disposition of my line, except that one brigade of the Third Division has been assigned to a part of the line on the left flank, the division of General Gibbon being too small to occupy the line.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

