SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 179. July 23, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. The Coehorn batteries will be under the direction of Colonel Wainwright, commanding Artillery Brigade, who, in his instructions, will consult the officer in command of the infantry or engineer in charge of working parties in his vicinity, so as to most effectually prevent the enemy from annoying them, either keeping down their fire by his own or ceasing to fire if he finds he is drawing an increased fire upon them.

4. While occupying the present position, the batteries now with the Third Division will also be under Colonel Wainwright's supervision, so as to provide properly for the caissons and horses not in the works. The service of the batteries themselves must be left to the judgment of each battery commander, in case of engagement, but subject, if necessary, to the orders of the commander of the works near them in all that regards location of camps, tents, sinks, &amp;c.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 23, 1864.

General CRAWFORD:

GENERAL: There was, as it seemed, a neglect on your part to get the head of your column to the place of embarkation on the James River, on the 16th ultimo, by 4 a.m. It did not reach there till 6 a.m. General Meade complained to me of this. General Meade's order reached me at 11.55 p.m. on the 15th. The order was sent to you about 12.35 a.m. on the 16th. What time did it reach you? What time did you start; how far did you have to march, and what obstacles in the way, such as trains, did you encounter?

Yours, respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,July 23, 1864.

[General WARREN:]

GENERAL: The order for me to move to the wharf near the pontoon bridge, James River, so as to commence ferrying across at 4 a.m. June 16, is contained in paragraph 2, of circular of June 15, 1864, 11.55 p.m., headquarters Fifth Corps, and received about 1 a.m. the 16th instant. The two batteries serving with me moved out at 2.30 a.m., followed by the infantry. Near your headquarters, at the intersection of another road, a long wagon train was encountered. This obstruction, together with the delay by having no staff officer to guide me, being myself unacquainted with the route, caused the failure to arrive at the landing at the time appointed. The distance I should judge was between three and four miles.

[S. W. CRAWFORD.]

