HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 23, 1864-9 a.m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that all was quiet on my line during the night. New abatis was put out. There was the usual amount of firing.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 23, 1864. (Received 9.35 p.m.)

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that it has been unusually quiet on my line to-day. The enemy opened a new mortar battery on General Potter's right and threw some shells at our party working on the covered way to the fourteen-gun battery, but did no damage.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG, SECOND DIV., 9TH ARMY CORPS,July 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the works along our line are very nearly completed, with the exception of the covered way leading to the fort by the burns house. Not much progress has been made on that, owing to the fact that the working party from my brigade has been relieved by the general commanding the corps on account of their services being required during the night on the front line, and the party designed to relieve them not having reported. The mine is very nearly completed, and two hours' labor will at any time put it in condition ready for the final explosion. Chambers have been extended seventy-five feet from the extremity of the mine. At 5 p.m. yesterday the enemy opened on the left of the Second Division with volleys of musketry (the fire by company), creating some disturbance along the line and drawing the artillery fire. I was myself upon the spot at the time, but could discover no cause for the outbreak and no indication of its object. Nothing new discovered in relation to the enemy's operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, General of the Trenches.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,July 23, 1864-8 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Picket firing less than for some days. Enemy opened with shells this p.m. on the working party at the covered way to the

