
heavy battery. They used 2 and 2 1/2 second fuse, and some shell struck to the left of New Market road. The firing came from the rebel works on Potter's right, and was enfilading. This battery ought to be looked to, and I should think if it can be seen ought to be easily silenced, as it must be very near. Have completed a cover for one gun on New Market road, but do not design to put it in until the heavy guns are in position.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 23, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER CAVALRY CORPS:

Colonel Chapman reports this morning that he is being relieved. The commanding general prefers that the tour of the brigade on the left should continue for several days, as the ground covered by it is extensive and somewhat intricate.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,July 23, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my line of pickets remains unchanged and undisturbed at this time. Yesterday two men were captured from the line near Aiken's. The character of the country through which the right of line passes makes the duty both difficult and dangerous. The patrol to Lee's Mill this morning was attacked upon its return by about a squadron of the enemy and lost four men taken prisoners and two wounded. The officer in charge thinks it was the intention of the enemy to cut off the patrol. He retired immediately after the attack. I have made connection by patrol with the cavalry doing picket duty from Prince George Court-House, near Davenport Church, their line having been extended. The two women alluded to in communication of yesterday were passed out after taking inclosed oath.* I am being relieved this morning by First Brigade, of First Cavalry Division, Colonel Alger commanding.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CHAPMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CITY POINT, July 23, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Secretary Seward and party have just left here for Point of Rocks on boat City of Hudson.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

