HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Powhatan, Va., July 23, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

GENERAL: I have again repaired the U. S. military telegraph line from this place to Swan Point. I caused four citizens to be brought in as hostages, and had the people living along the line notified that they would be held responsible for the safety of that line. What shall I do with these hostages? Since they were brought in I have learned that one of them, a minister, relieved and dressed the wounds of one of our soldiers, cared for him till morning, then sent him to this fort.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. S. INNIS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, July 24, 1864-9 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

The appointment of brigadiers recommended by you, to wit, Colonels McCandless, Chapman, Chamberlain, and McIntosh were ordered and have been made out and will be transmitted to you by the Adjutant-General. The President has appointed General Osterhaus major-general. There are three of four other vacancies of brigadier awaiting your recommendation to be filled up.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 24, 1864-12 noon.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

The rear of the Sixth Corps got into camp last night; they are being supplied and paid to-day. They will probably begin to embark to-night. Last telegram from Hunter in regard to enemy in the Shenandoah is forwarded.*

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 24, 1864- 12 m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Your dispatch of 1 p.m. yesterday just received. I presume you had not yet received any dispatch directing the Sixth Corps to be returned here and the Nineteenth Corps retained. I would prefer keeping the Army of the Potomac together if possible, and, if necessary, send all the Nineteenth Corps to Washington. You can retain General Wright until I learn positively what has become of Early. I would prefer a complete smash-up of the enemy's roads about Gordonsville and Charlottesville to having the same force here. If Wright and Hunter can do this job let them do it. Submit the matter to Wright for his views.

---------------

*See Hunter to Stanton, Vol. XXXVII, Part II, p.428.

---------------

