
patches of a day later, which, of course, you have seen, place the matter in a very different light, save the death of McPherson. We will make a move here about Tuesday, but which one of two that are in contemplation is not yet fixed upon; when it is I will dispatch you.

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 24, 1864-9 p.m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

City Point, Va.:

The pursuit of Early, on the whole, has proved an egregious blunder, relieved only by Averell's success at Winchester, in which he captured four guns and some prisoners. Wright and Crook accomplished nothing, and Wright started back as soon as he got where he might have done something worth while. As it is, Early has got off with the whole of his plunder, and Hunter will hardly be able to break up the railroad beyond what can be repaired in a short time. Had Wright remained in the Valley, the combined forces might have made a sure campaign, at least against the railroad and the crops. We have no news from Foster, nor anything from Atlanta later than Van Duzer's dispatch of 11 p.m. of yesterday. Will you do me the kindness to let me know what is the matter with John Seitz, a baker from this city, who has been or is being tried at City Point for some offense, and to have the execution of the sentence suspended, if it is in any way severe, at least for the present? Chapman and McIntosh have been made brigadier-generals. The general's previous recommendation had been mislaid and could not be found. McCandless has also been made a brigadier-general. Osterhaus has been made a major-general.

C. A. DANA.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., July 24, 1864.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs that the Sixth Corps immediately return to the Army of the Potomac. Brigadier-General Emory, with that portion of the Nineteenth Corps here, will report to Major-General Augur.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 247. Washington, July 24, 1864.

I. All cavalry detachments, whether mounted or not, from the Army of the Potomac, except those belonging to the First, Third, Sixth, and Eighth Pennsylvania, First New Jersey, and Third Indiana, will be sent back to that army without delay. The regiments mentioned in the foregoing paragraph have been ordered to report to Major-General Augur, to whom all detachments therefrom will also report.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

