
Washington, but it is not fully assured yet that Early has left the Valley, and if Wright was to start back no doubt the Maryland raid would be repeated. I am not willing to attempt a movement so hazardous as the one against intrenched lines against the judgment of yourself and your engineer officers, and arrived at after a more careful survey of the ground that I have given it. I will let you know, however, in the morning what determination I come to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 24, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Is there any word from deserters from Longstreet's corps within the last day or two?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

July 24, 1864-7.20 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

GENERAL: We have no deserters or prisoners from the enemy to-day. Yesterday a deserter from Mahone's division, Hill's corps, came into our lines at 10.30 a.m. and stated the enemy's position to be unchanged; prior to that Mahone had been on the right of Field's division, of Longstreet's corps, and McLaws was next on the left. Longstreet's other division (Pickett's) is beyond the Appomattox, in front of General Butler. We do not see prisoners or deserters from it. Field's and McLaws' hold the enemy's line from the Norfolk railroad to the Jerusalem plank road, and although we believe that each of the enemy's divisions hold a brigade in reserve, we know of no troops that could occupy the lines if any considerable portion of Longstreet's were withdrawn, as A. P. Hill was accounted for by the deserter of yesterday as holding his old place from the Jerusalem plank road to the Weldon railroad.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 24, 1864-8 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The foregoing is sent as all the information we have of Longstreet's corps. As we have been on the qui vive to find out any movement of Lee's army, and question all deserters and others on this point, I feel quite sure the corps has not moved.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

