
runs from the right of Second U. S. Sharpshooters to the left of the One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, connecting with the main road on the right and left. Other than this, nothing of note has occurred since last report.

Very respectfully,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 6, 1864-9 a.m.

General WILLIAMS:

All quiet in my front last night.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 6, 1864 (Received 10 p.m.)

General S. WILLIAMS:

All quiet to-day in front .

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] JULY 6, 1864.

General Ayres will straighten his line so as to occupy up to the First Michigan (Bartlett's brigade). This will relieve a part of General Griffin's division in the front. General Griffin will extend his line to the left, so as to relieve all of General Crawford's men on the right of the plank road. A strong work is designed to be constructed on General Griffin's left on the plank road and two other redoubts along the plank road, to protect our left flank in case the enemy opens fire upon this point, which is very close to their batteries.

By command of Major-General Warren:

F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general lines of the redoubt on your left have been marked out by a rifle-pit as near to the enemy's works as it was desirable to put them. I wish an earth-work with a strong profile made at that point, and that you should give your earnest effort to have it made promptly and thoroughly. Major Roebling, of my staff, fully understands my views, and will under you, if it suits you, take charge of the construction of the work. The men in that vicinity should prepare themselves with abundant shelter in the rear in case the enemy opens fire upon this point, which is very close to their batteries.

Very respectfully,

G. K. WARREN.

Major-General, Commanding.

