SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Numbers 66. City Point, Va., July 25, 1864.

I. The ordnance depot at Bermuda Hundred will be broken up and the ordnance and ordnance stores turned over to Lieutenant Morris Schaff, depot ordnance officer, at City Point, Va. Until further orders all ordnance and ordnance stores required by the troops operating against Richmond will be drawn from the ordnance depot at City Point upon requisition approved by the chief of ordnance of the army or department in which the troops are serving.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

July 25, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from the Nineteenth Mississippi Regiment, Harris' brigade, Anderson's old division, Hill's corps, came into our lines about 10 o'clock last evening. He was forwarded this morning from the headquarters of the Fifth Corps. He states that he left the trenches about dark and had been out on picket about three hours before he left. There had been no change in the position of the two divisions of Hill's corps now in our front, and as far as informant knew no changes had been made at any point along the line. His division moved back from the trenches a short distance yesterday for the purpose of drying them, but moved into them again. All informant knows concerning Longstreet's corps is that Hood's old division is still on the left of his division (Anderson's old); that he thinks McLaws' division moved to the north side of the Appomattox four or five days ago. It was rumored that they were to go to re-enforce General Early at the time, but it has since been reported that they did not go and are still encamped at some point north of the Appomattox. Circular were distributed among the troops yesterday containing the following news from Sherman, the date of which he had forgotten, but it was the latest: That Sherman had attacked Hood twice and was repulsed both times; that Hood afterward attacked Sherman, carrying two lines of works, and capturing 22 pieces of cannon and 2,000 prisoners; also news from General Early of no particular importance. It was reported that Early had sent for a division to help him out of a tight place.

Very respectfully,

J. C. BABCOCK.

CITY POINT, July 25, 1864.

JOHN C. BABCOCK:

Have received from depot over the river two men who left Richmond Saturday p.m. That morning some troops, about a regiment, arrived by the Virginia Central Railroad, and all the heavy artillery regiments about the city were sent down to Chaffin's farm. As our troops were

