HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 25, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

You will move your corps to-morrow afternoon at such time and in such manner as to conceal the movement from the enemy, and so as to reach the pontoon bridge at Point of Rocks soon after dark. You will cross this bridge and proceed to the upper bridge at Deep Bottom, crossing the James over this bridge and moving from thence to Chaffin's farm, taking the position and carrying out the orders indicated in the inclosed letter* from the lieutenant-general commanding. The object of this movement and the details of its conduct are so clearly set forth in this letter of the lieutenant-general commanding it is not deemed necessary to add any additional instructions from these headquarters. Major-General Sheridan, in command of two divisions of cavalry, will cross at the Broadway Landing bridge and the lower bridge at Deep Bottom. He is directed to report his movements to you, and in all matters of co-operation to take his orders from you. You will keep me advised of your progress and all movements through the nearest telegraph office.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 25, 1864- 9 p.m. (Received 9.20 p.m.)

General WILLIAMS:

There has been no change in the disposition of my command to-day. The work on the left is about done. I have partially completed a small redan for four guns near Southall's house, on the road from Mrs. Lee's house.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

July 25, 1864.

Division and independent commanders will keep their men in camp during the day to-morrow.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 25, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

Everything very quiet in my front last night; nothing of interest transpired. The following details were at work during the night: 600 men from Second Division; 400 men from Fourth Division; 400 men from First Division.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

---------------

*See p. 437.

---------------

