HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., July 25, 1864.

[Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report and suggestions as the result of my tour of duty, commencing at 8 a.m. 24th and ending at 8 this a.m. Visited and passed along the front and second lines; found the sanitary condition of the pits and vicinity in pretty good condition; men generally vigilant and at their places. Nothing special occurred; all quiet along the lines; only the usual picket-firing. I would make the suggestion that a few small guns be placed toward the left of the front line, so as to enfilade that portion of the line in front of General Hartranft's brigade. I would further suggest that the traverses along some portion of the first line be raised higher and some of them strengthened. This being done some might be taken out, thereby giving more room for troops to pass, and further, that a great portion of the front line should be deepened and widened, so as to enable troops to pass more readily,also that instead of having tents pitched across the pits and in rear that there be bombproof places dug in rear of the pits. This would make the men more comfortable, besides protecting them from the fire of the enemy. Owing to the heavy rain of last night the works were rendered very uncomfortable and will require draining.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. SIGFRIED,

Colonel 48th Regiment Pennsylvania Vet. Vol. Infty., Commanding,

General of the Trenches.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

Before Petersburg, Va., July 25, 1864.

The commanding general directs that the commanding officers of divisions cause an examination of the front line to be made with the view to raising and strengthening such traverses as may require it, which may allow of some of them being taken out, and also of widening and deepening a great portion of the same line and digging bombproofs in the rear of the pits, which would do away with the tents over the pits. This work might be done in the daytime.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., July 25, 1864-8 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that everything has been quiet along my line during the past twelve hours. The First Brigade was relieved from duty in the front line of breast-works by the Second Brigade last evening.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. LEDLIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

