HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 25, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN, Cavalry Corps:

You will make the necessary arrangements to move with two divisions of your command, yourself commanding in person, to-morrow afternoon at such time as will enable you to reach the bridge directed to be thrown across the Appomattox at Broadway Landing at dark, taking care that your movement is not exposed to the view of the enemy. After crossing the Appomattox you will move over to Deep Bottom, there crossing the James on the lower bridge, taking care in this movement to keep off the road which the infantry will take from the Point of Rocks bridge to the upper bridge at Deep Bottom. After crossing the James you will proceed to execute the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding, a copy* of which is herewith inclosed, and which are so complete in details as not to render any additional instructions from these headquarters necessary. In all co-operating movements with the infantry you will be governed by the orders of Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, to whom you will please report your progress and all important information when separated from him. You will report the name of the division commander left at Light Point.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Jordan's Point, Va., July 25, 1864-7.40 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have the honor to inform you that I will leave the Third Cavalry Division here, Brigadier-General Wilson commanding.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,Picket Reserve, near R. Williams', July 25, 1864-7 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report no material change along my lines during the past twenty-four hours. The enemy have a strong infantry line in my front in the vicinity of the Gurley house. I have also the honor to report that the enemy have re-established their picket post at Lee's Mill.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. ALGER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Jordan's Point, July 25, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. WILSON, Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you detail two regiments of your division to relieve two regiments of General Gregg's

---------------

*See p. 437.

---------------

