
CITY POINT, VA., July 26, 1864-7 p.m.

(Received 5 a.m. 27th.)

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

Six regiments of cavalry will leave here to-morrow, in addition to the Nineteenth Corps.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 26, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

More critical examinations from a new signal action would lead to the conclusion that the enemy have detached works on the ridge in front of Burnside, but they have no connected line. This fact increases the chances of a successful assault, and taken in connection with the fact that General Burnside does not now think the enemy have discovered his mine, on the contrary believes are laying the platforms for a battery right over it, I have suspended the order to load and discharge it to-morrow, as it may yet be useful in connection with further operations. I am afraid the appearance of McLaw's division, together with Wilcox's, previously reported, will prevent any chance of a surprise on the part of our people to-morrow. Yesterday's Richmond Examiner also says your strategic movements are known and preparations made to meet them, referring, I presume, to Foster's operations. There was considerable shelling by the enemy yesterday afternoon all along our lines, brought on, I think, by Burnside's discovered a camp he had not before seen and ordering it shelled. No serious casualties were produced on our side, but the Fifth Corps working parties were very much annoyed and interrupted. With this exception all was quiet.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, City Point, Va.,

July 26, 1864-12.30 p.m.

(Sent 1 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE, Army of the Potomac:

Your dispatch of 12 m. received. I think Hancock will succeed in getting through the enemy's lines, or will force them to weaken Petersburg, so that we can break through it with the force left behind. Under these circumstances, I think it advisable that Burnside should have all the material in readiness to load his mine in the shortest time. If not discovered by the enemy I would not put the powder in until we think it will be wanted.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,July 26, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from the First Texas Regiment, Gregg's brigade, Field's division, Longstreet's corps, came into our lines last

