
night about 10 o'clock opposite the Third Delaware Regiment, Fifth Army Corps. He states that his division (Field's-Hood's old) is in line of battle in the trenches with one brigade in reserve; that the time of relief are six days on and two off; that McLaw's division from their left about a week ago, and he thinks went to the north side of the Appomattox; that they were not in the trenches, but had been lying to the rear in reserve; that a brigade, which he understood was Burton's (probably Barton's, of Picket's division) was attached to Field's division on the left night before last. They were put in line in the trenches. Informant states in the most positive manner that there is no second line of works to the rear of Hill or Longstreet, between their present line and Petersburg . This is the repeated statement of all deserters from those corps. The following divisions of the enemy are in our front, according to the latest information: A. P. Hill-Heth, extreme right of enemy's line; Anderson's old next. Longstreet-Field's (Hood's old) next; Barton's brigade, of Pickett's division, next. Beauregard-Bushord Johnson's division; Hoke's division, left, on south side Appomattox. On north side of Appomattox are the following divisions: Lonsgtreet's-McLaws' position unknown; Pickett's division, in Butler's front. A. P. Hill-Wilcox's division, Chaffin's farm.

J. C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 26, 1864-12.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The foregoing is transmitted for your information. You will note it makes no mention of the third division of Beauregard's army, formerly commanded by Ransom, subsequently by Clingman, and which we have hitherto to be in our front.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, July 26, 1864-3 p.m.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE:

The information you have sent and all information received on the subject indicates a probability that the enemy are looking for a formidable attack either from Bermuda or north of the James, and that they will detach from Petersburg heavily to prevent its success. This will make your remaining two corps, with the Eighteenth, relatively stronger against the enemy at Petersburg than we have been since the first day. It will be well, therefore, to prepare for an assault in Burnside's front, only to be made in further developments justify. If made it would be necessary to abandon most of the front now held by the Fifth Corps.*

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 26, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Telegraph 3 p.m. received. The only preparation that can be made is the loading of Burnside's mine. I cannot advise an assault with the

---------------

*For version of this dispatch, as submitted with the report of the Court of Inquiry on the Nine Explosion, see Part I, p.132.

---------------

