
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

July 6, 1864-1 a.m.

In accordance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, Brigadier-General Ricketts will at once move to City Point, with his division, prepared to embark there. This division is destined for Harper's Ferry and that region, and will have with it the number of rations required to be carried on the march. The commanding officers of the First and Second Divisions will detail at once 200 men, properly officered, to relieve the pickets of the Third Division. They will report to Colonel Hamblin, corps officer of the day (Fourth Brigade, First Division), under whose direction they will be placed. The pickets of the Third Division will, when relieved, follow the division to City Point. The First Division will at once relieve as much of General Ricketts' there as possible and General Getty will send a strong brigade to take the place of the remainder.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

Numbers 26. July 6, 1864

Pursuant to authority received from headquarters Army of the Potomac the Fourth Brigade of the First Division and the Fourth Brigade of the Second Division of this corps are discontinued, and the regiments composing them are assigned as follows: The Thirty-seventh Massachusetts, with the attached companies of the Seventh and Tenth Massachusetts, and Second Rhode Island, and the Twenty-third and Eighty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, to the Third Brigade, First Division. The Sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, with attached companies of the Sixty-seventh New York, to the Second Brigade, First Division. The One hundred and twenty-second New York Volunteers to the Third Brigade, Second Division.

The commanding officer of each regiment affected by this order will report at once for instructions to the commander of the division to which his regiment is assigned. Captain Roome, assistant adjutant-general,is assigned to Second Brigade, Second Division.* Captain Ellis, commissary of subsistence, is assigned to the Third Brigade, First Division. Captain Persing, assistant quartermaster, is assigned to the Second Brigade, Second Division. These officers will at once report to the officer commanding the brigade to which they are respectively assigned.

All officers detailed from regiments, serving on the staff of these brigades and rendered supernumeraries, will report to the commanding officers of their regiments.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Changed by General Orders, Numbers 27, July 6, to Second Brigade, First Division.

---------------

