HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,July 26, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

Deserter from First Texas, Field's division, Longstreet's corps, came in [at] 10 o'clock last night. His division in same place. McLaws' division moved week ago across the Appomattox; does not know where. A brigade, he thinks Barton's, took its place. Informant states positively there is but one line of works where Hill's and Longstreet's corps are now posted. If there is any second line it is farther to the left, where he has not visited. No other changes.

J. C. B[ABCOCK].
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, July 26, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from Sander's brigade, Hill's corps (Ninth and Fourteenth Alabama), who came in this afternoon, report that there has been no movement of troops within the last three or four days. Their statements concerning the position of troops corroborates previous information. They report that several days ago they head of a division passing through Petersburg and going north, destination not known. They sat that to-day's Richmond papers state that Hood repulsed Sherman, capturing 2,000 prisoners and 22 pieces of artillery; that Sherman still holds his position in front of Atlanta, and has been shelling the town. This brigade has received about 200 conscripts since last spring.

NOTE.-One of informants heard that a division of infantry was moved down on our left. This was reported among the sharpshooters. It was supposed to be Wilcox's division. They understood our cavalry was making a demonstration in that direction.

Very respectfully,

J. McENTEE,

Captain and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION, July 26, 1864.

Captain FISHER:

At 7 a.m. a regiment of infantry, about 300 in number, passed to our right on road in rear of enemy's line, north of station. They disappeared in woods one mile northwest from station. A train of three cars passed south on Weldon railroad this a.m., and one of two cars north. A picket detachment of fifty men marched from

lead-works to their line on our left. The enemy is busily at work on battery on plank road near Gregory's house. The battery is much strengthened, and fitted with heavy abatis.

J. B. DUFF,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

