
This in measure reconciled them to the change. When, by the expiration of term of service General Crawford's men left, or so many as to leave but a small command, a reorganization took place, the Third Brigade of my division was detached from the Fourth and put into the First Division, I made no complaint; in fact, I had no intimation of what was intended until the order was placed in my hands making the transfer. I do not intend to complain now, but when to disband the balance (as a division), I cannot help remembering that is the oldest division and about all there is left of the old First Corps. I believe its history will show that its losses are greater in killed and wounded and less in prisoners than any body of men of its size in the army. It has, I think, a larger proportion of veterans than most divisions, and I believe there is no vanity in my saying that it was mainly owing to my personal efforts that the men re-enlisted. These are consideration that should have some weight in deciding the matter. In the reorganization proposed it will be necessary to break up the brigades or consolidate them into one. In the latter case it would be a brigade of fourteen battalion and regiments - a most awkward and uncomfortable command. In addition to that it would send Colonel Hofmann to his regiment. He had commanded a brigade a large part of the time for two years; is a gallant and faithful soldier; his regiment is reduced (by close fighting) to less than 100 men for duty; I think he is entitled to some consideration. I do not suppose any one in the division is aware of the contemplated arrangement but myself. My judgment is that the effect of any such arrangement will be very bad. They will not consider it just and what was promised. I suppose I need not say that I shall not make any trouble, whatever arrangement may be made, or whatever my private feelings may be in the matter, notwithstanding the fact that the effect would be to destroy what little usefulness I might have, and, although not intended, would put me in disgrace with the soldiers and people. I beg to make a single suggestion, and that is, would it not be better, and in accordance with the original plan, to retransfer what was originally Stone's brigade to the Fourth Division, leaving the One hundred and eighty-seventh Pennsylvania (a large regiment), and send to Griffin the Third and Fourth Delaware and the One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania (not formerly in the First Corps) to make up a brigade for Griffin. Two good brigades could then be made of the three, and they would be all old First Corps men; this would somewhat equalize the divisions. It should be borne in mind that the great discrepancy was made by a taking a brigade from the Fourth and giving it to the First, making the First double the size of the Fourth, or nearly so. I am the only general officer left in what was the First Corps, and I believe about the only one who entered the service with rank above a captain. I have always served with this division, and have never had a day's duty except in the field. Notwithstanding all this, I claim for myself nothing which will not be agreeable to my superiors. For the division I do claim some consideration. Would it not be better to keep up the division and endeavor to get additional troops? In connection with this subject I wish to call the attention of the general to a fact of which he is not probably aware in relation to Stewart's battery. That battery is composed (all but seven men, I think) of men of my old brigade. It was always served and fought with us from the first. An attachment existed between them which was a host in itself. I think upon inquiry in the proper quarters that the general would decide to restore the old order of things as far as that battery is concerned. In conclusion, I reiterate my earnest conviction that good

