
the 27th, say at 4 o'clock, if not otherwise ordered. The commanding general further directs me to say the charge of the mine should be determined by the usual rules governing such subjects. It is not intended by the commanding general to follow up the explosion of the mine by an assault or other operation. If, therefore, the mine can be preserved for use at some early day, when circumstances will admit of its being used in connection with other operations, the commanding general desires that you take no steps for exploding it as herein prescribed.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 26, 1864-11.45 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that a reconnaissance this morning having developed facts concerning the enemy's intrenchments which render it highly desirable that your mine should be used in connection with operations against the, to be under-taken some days hence, he directs that you preserve it, if practicable, and that the operations connected with it authorized this morning be suspended. The commanding desires to hear from you upon the subject.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 26, 1864-12 m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

I wish you would submit in writing your project for the explosion of your mine, with the amount of powder required, that these preliminary questions may be definitely settled. You had better also took for some secure place in the woods where the powder required can be brought in wagons, and kept under guard, thus saving the time it will take to unload it from the vessels and haul it to your camp. Whenever you report as above and designate a point I will order the powder brought up.

GEO. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 26, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Your dispatch received. I am just preparing an answer to your first letter of this morning, together with a statement of my views in regard to the explosion of the mine and the operations to follow it, which I will send by Captain Bache very soon.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

