
commanding general directs that you spare no efforts to send off to-morrow the regiments of cavalry that, under paragraph 9 of Special Orders, No. 191, of the 18th instant, from these headquarters, are to go to Washington, and also that you report what regiments are sent during the day and what regiments remain. You will give the quartermaster at City Point timely notice of the number of men you have to send, so that he may make the necessary arrangements for their transportation.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST CAVALRY DIVISION, July 26, 1864-8 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet at this hour. Patrolled as usual at 3 a.m. to Lee's Mill and Norfolk road. No enemy in sight in that vicinity. Yesterday p.m. the enemy doubled his posts in my front and shifted his reserve. About midnight the long roll was sounded in the enemy's camp, and they appeared to be alarmed. Soon after they attacked my line near the left of the infantry and drove in the pickets, but were soon driven off and the line re-established. Chapman's brigade, of Third Division, relieved me at 4 a.m. this morning, and I am now about to return to camp. The cars and trains on the Weldon road were running briskly all night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. C. DEVIN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 26, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General WILSON,Commanding Cavalry Division, at City Point:

The commanding general directs that you move to the vicinity of Prince George Court-House with the remainder of your division, leaving sufficient camp guard.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, July 26, 1864-11.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

Your dispatches of this evening are received. The Third Indiana, now on picket, will be relieved at daylight in the morning, and sent away as soon thereafter as possible. That will leave me but two regiments at this place; not too many as a guard. Please inform me by telegraph if the order to move to Prince George Court-House is to be obeyed literally, the force just mentioned being the "remainder of my division."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

