
9.30 p.m., via the Clarke and McKenzie houses, and fired thirty-five rounds, which I have the consolation to believe fell in the ravine in which the rebel troops are posted or into the doomed city. Fearing that the firing might fall short and damage our troops, I superintended the firing myself, and sent a messenger to the lines, who ascertained that the shots all flew well over our lines. The messenger communicated with an officer of the Fifth Corps (Sixth Wisconsin) who gave the same favorable report. The new covered way progressed favorably. Roemer renewed his firing at daylight.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.

The only infantry firing by my troops last night was from Hartranft toward the redoubt in his front.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., July 6, 1864

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that nothing has occurred worthy of mention within the last twelve hours. One of my battery officers reports that the enemy are running a new line of works from the front of the Fifth Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX.

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

I regret to report that Captain R. D. Johnston, Second Michigan, acting assistant inspector-general of this division, was wounded while on duty on the lines to-day.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 6, 1864-12. 45 a.m. (Received 1.30 a.m.)

Major-General SHERIDAN,Commanding Cavalry Corps;

The major-general commanding directs that you send at once all the dismounted cavalry to City Point prepared to embark there. They will have with them to number of rations required to be on hand for the march.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Notify General Ingalls of the number of dismounted cavalry you will send.

A. A. H.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 6, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN.

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

The commanding general directs that with the dismounted men of your command ordered to Washington, you also send the men reported

4 R R-VOL XL, PT III

