HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., July 26, 1864.

Commander W. H. MACOMB,

Senior Naval Officer, Sounds of North Carolina:

CAPTAIN: It has been represented to me that there are many men on the banks of the Chowan who, having been conscripted the rebel authorities, are looking for a chance of escape to our lines, and I have been urged to send a boat there to get them away. I send to-day, in charge of Lieutenant G. F Ward, of my staff, a steamer, and if I can procure a barge I shall also send that for the purpose of bringing away these people and also what cotton can be easily and safely procured. If you can send a gun-boat with this steamer I think much more can be accomplished, and I will thank you to do so. The steamer I send will carry two or more guns, and I shall also send an infantry force. Lieutenant Ward will explain all my plans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 249. Washington, July 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

6. Bvt. Major General W. H. Emory, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed without delay to join the part of the Nineteenth Army Corps at City Point, Va.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, July 27, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your telegram received, and is satisfactory. The President will wait your convenience for consultation on the subject of your dispatch brought by General Rawlins. General Halleck has been ordered to issue, subject to your direction, such military orders as may be necessary at the present juncture in accordance with the suggestion made in your telegram of yesterday. I would respectfully beg your own attention so far as possible to Point Lookout, for I am apprehensive of an effort to release the prisoners there.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 27, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Grant having signified that, owing to the difficulties and delay of communication between his headquarters and Washington, it is necessary that in the present emergency military

