
orders must be issued directly from Washington,* the President directs me to instruct you that all the military operations for the defense of the Middle department, the Department of the Susquehanna, the Department of Washington, and the Department of West Virginia, and all the forces in those departments, are placed under your general command, and that you will be expected to take all military measures necessary for defense against any attack of the enemy and for his capture and destruction. You will issue from time to time such orders to the commanders of the respective departments and to the military authorities therein as may be proper.

You obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, July 27, 1864-1.30 p. m.

(Received 8.45 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

No reports of enemy's movements since yesterday. A scout from the Rapidan says that the bridge at place is completed, and cars running to Culpeper Court-House. Enemy's cavalry at Culpeper and at the bridge. General Crook has gone to unite with Wright at South Mountain, or on the Monocacy, according as the enemy attempts to cross above or below Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 27, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 28th.0

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The movement this morning to the north bank of James River resulted in the repulse of three brigades of the enemy from an entrenched position, and the capture of four 20-pounder Parrott guns. The loss was very slight and capture of prisoners small. The troops having marched at night were fatigued, and did not follow up their success as they otherwise would. Generals Sheridan and Kautz are now with Hancock, and the two together will try in the morning to push the enemy back into Richmond or south of the James River.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 27, 1864.

(Received 8.25 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

In one hour I shall start for Deep Bottom. Dispatches addressed to me there will reach me.

U. W. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

*See Grant to Halleck, July 26, 1864, 12.30 p. m., p. 457.

---------------

