
JULY 27, 1864 - 9.45 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I was not aware the Nineteenth Corps had been sent away, or was going away-indeed, I referred do to those troops when I made the suggestion I did. I have no doubt Hancock will do all he can, but the more troops he has, if he will put them in, the more sure of success he will be.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., July 27, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

The position now occupied by Hancock would give Sheridan no protection in returning by way of Bottom's Bridge. I do not want him to go unless the enemy is driven into Chafin's Bluff or back to the city. Otherwise he would be compelled to return north of the Chickahominy, and it would be two or three weeks before his cavalry would be two or three weeks before his cavalry would be fit for other service. I do not want Hancock to attack intrenched lines, but I do want him to remain another day, and, if he can, with the assistance of his cavalry, turn the enemy's position and drive him away. It looks to me as if the cavalry might move well out and get in rear of the enemy.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 27, 1864-12 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have had the most careful watch kept up to-day from all parts of my line to detect any movement of the enemy. The only report indicative of such movement was sent in by the picket officer on my extreme left, who reported the disappearance of camps and evacuation of the lines about the lead-work on the Weldon railroad, but the signal officer who commands a view of this portion of the enemy's position did not confirm it. If any troops have been moved they are most probably that part of Hill's division, and part of Mahone's division, occupying the extreme right of the enemy beyond our left front, and which have been a kind of reserve for the enemy. there certainly has been no change in their lines in our immediate front or it would have been reported.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

BERMUDA, July 27, 1864.

General INGALLS,

City Point:

Steamers have been in readiness during the day awaiting the arrival of the troops. They reached here between 6 and 7 p. m. Stores and baggage are now being loaded. Steamers with troops will leave at day

