
gade of cavalry is about three mile south of Ream's Station between the railroad and Jerusalem plank road. He knows of no infantry in that vicinity. Considerable dismounted cavalry was near the burnt mills about a mile southeast of Reams' Station.

Very respectfully,

GEO. II. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

July 27, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from the Ninth Florida, Finegan's brigade, Anderson's old division, Hill's corps, came into the lines of the Fifth Army Corps last night about 2 o'clock. He states that his brigade relieved Wright's (Georgia) brigade night before last, and occupies the same position in the trenches across the Jerusalem plank road; knows of no movements of late; thinks Field's division, of Longstreet's corps, is on the left of Anderson, and Heth's division, of Hill's corps, on the right; does not know where Wilcox' division is; thinks it is in reserve; thinks no troops have been sent away lately; has not been in the army long, and can give very little information. We think from informant's statement that up to dark last night, when he came on picket, no changes have taken place on the right of the enemy's line occupied by Heth's and Anderson's divisions, of Hill's corps, and Field's division, of Longstreet's corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.

JULY 27, 1864-9 a. m.

Captain FISHER:

Parties of enemy at work on new line to left of Gregory's house; also on redoubt on old line one-half mile to left of Gregory's house.

I. S. LYON,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

July 27, 1864-10 a. m.

Captain FISHER:

At 6 a. m. a train of six box-cars and two platform-cars passed south on Weldon railroad. The platform-cars were loaded with large boxes similar to dry-goods boxes. at 6.30 a column of infantry, 400 strong, marched to our right on Weldon railroad. Half an hour afterward a column of about an equal number came out of woods at a point a mile northwest from station, and reached into enemy's line, the left of the column resting at Gregory's house, and extending west. They at once began work on this portion of their line.

J. D. DUFF,

Signal Officer.

