
crossing and will cover the right flank. There was a great deal of straggling during the night, and I have hardly more than two-thirds of my command available. They are coming in quite rapidly however.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 27, 1964-9 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Deep Bottom:

Your dispatches of 7.30 received. I congratulate you and your gallant corps on your success and trust it will be continued. The movements of the cavalry must, of cause, depend on your success in opening a way for them to get out. You and Sheridan must exercise your discretion as to the best movement for the cavalry, having in view the wishes of the lieutenant-general commanding, with which you were furnished. I have a dispatch from General Grant saying he was going to Deep Bottom, and it is extremely probable he will send orders direct to both yourself and General S. One thing is very certain, if you cannot advance this morning you will not be able to do so this evening or to-morrow, as the enemy undoubtedly will re-enforce at once.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

Show this to Sheridan.

DEEP BOTTOM, VA., July 27, 1864-3.30 p. m.

(Received 3.50 p. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

In passing to the front, I left your headquarters to my left and all the infantry on the same side. have consequently been riding for near two hours without finding you. In looking at the situation, I do not see that much is likely now to be done. If, however, you can push past the enemy's flank and double him back on Chaffin's Bluff so as to you do not find this practicable, remain on the north side of the James until you receive further orders. There has been no further movement of troops from the south side of the river to interfere with you. All there is in your front is supposed to be seven brigades with a small force of cavalry. I will now return to headquarters. Please direct your dispatches to be duplicated, one to General Meade.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Deep Bottom, July 27, 1864-4 po. m.

General GRANT:

I regret not seeing you, having waited at the front, where I was told you were coming. I have two divisions feeling for the enemy's left. It takes a great deal of time and separates my command very much, owing to the nature of the woods in which the operations are connected. I shall be as cautious as possible to avoid any bad luck. When night comes I will telegraph you whether I find the left or not. General Bar

