HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Deep Bottom, Va., July 27, 1864.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

A deserter who formerly belonged to the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, of my present command, and a member of one of the Richmond city battalions, of which I spoke to you this morning, has just given himself up and says that seven brigades of troops of the enemy crossed to this side of the James River this morning and are now on your front; he knows of but two of the brigade commanders, named Lane and ransom. the man is evidently mixed up and not much dependence can be placed on his statement, except to the amount that the enemy have received some considerable re-enforcements this morning, as I know of Lane's brigade having been on my front for the past three weeks. He also reports that the enemy talked of trying to flank us toward James River, which means the left of my position. I shall look out and take care of them if they try it. He reports that General Ewell came down this afternoon and went out on the line in command. Any demonstration I can make as a diversion I shall be most happy to do, so far as my force will permit, if you will notify me. I driven the vedettes of the enemy back to their main line at several points this afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

July 27, 1864.

Generals Barlow and Mott are informed that corps headquarters are near the lower pontoon bridge. The headquarters can be distinguished by the corps lights. They will please send an orderly to inform the commanding general of the locality of their headquarters, and to receive such dispatches as may be for them.

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

July 27, 1864-10.33 a. m.

Division commanders are informed that our cavalry are moving up on the New Market road toward them.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864-9.15 a. m.

General BARLOW,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 8.45. General Gibbon has already ordered his skirmish line advanced, and has just sent to see

