
that it is done. General Mott will be at once ordered to connect his skirmishers with your right, though refusing his own until the cavalry is in position. The major-general commanding does not desire any advance but a temporary one, with a view to ascertaining the enemy's position. Vedettes can be pushed forward cautiously. General Gibbon had previously reported that he had occupied the enemy's line of works. He has sent to ascertain the fact.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864-9.25 a. m. (Received 9.45 a. m.)

General MOTT,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that General Gibbon and Barlow report that their skirmishers are occupying the enemy's main line of works at the New Market road, as it is supposed; he therefore directs that you keep your left connected with General Barlow, and advance the left and center as far as necessary for that purpose, the right being somewhat refused. The cavalry is forming and will push out on your right as soon as possible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 27, 1864-8 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

General Hancock crossed the James at daylight this morning and attacked the enemy at 6.30. He reports capturing jour pieces of artillery and several prisoners. Keep a vigilant watch on the enemy in your front, and report any indications of movements.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

(Same to General Burnside.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864- 9.20 a. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance occurred in my front during the night. The following details were at work on the line: First Division, 600 men; Second Division, 400 men.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 27, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

I think it extremely probable the effect of Hancock's movement may produce an attempt on the part of the enemy to turn and attack our

