HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS:

The regiments from Maryland, including the Purnell Legion, never were in any battle while they formed a part of the old First Corps.

The joined it after the battle of gettysburg and have adopted the badge of the Second Division of the Fifth Corps. Two brigades under General Crawford (Third Division) have adopted the combined badge of the First and Fifth Corps.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 27, 1864.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

Your letter of the 26th instant, in reference to the reorganization of the Fifth Army Corps, has been received and laid before the major-general commanding, by whom I am instructed to say in reply, that, as General Orders, Numbers 10 of March 24, 1864, from these headquarters, breaking up the First and Third Army Corps and transferring them to other corps, riveted for the retention of their badges and distinctive marks, and justified the expectation that the corps might hope at a future day to be reorganized to withhold his assent from any plan which looks to the distribution of the regiments composing the old First Corps among the divisions of the old Fifth Corps. He will, however, favorably consider a provided the regiments of the First Corps, the Maryland regiments excepted, are all placed in one division, provided the regiments of the First Corps, the Maryland regiments excepted, are all placed in one division. As the Maryland regiments did not join the First Corps until after the battle of Gettysburg, they may be arranged in your plan as you may think best. I am instructed to add that, if General Cutler desires service elsewhere, an application for such service will be forwarded to the headquarters Armies of the United States, approved by the commanding general.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 27, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The dispatch* from general Crawford appears to be somewhat obscure. Can the officer on picket referred to see the railroad in the vicinity of the lead-works and the enemy's intrenched line from your front to the near vicinity of the lead-works? Is it intended to meant that all of Heth's division have left their entrenchments, and that their part of

---------------

* See 3.10 p. m., p. 520.

---------------

