
learned from deserters and prisoners in the last ten days it is certain that Heth's division, or part of it, occupied these works and extended to the railroad, connecting on their left with Mahone's division in my front. It cannot be told how much of Heth's division occupied the vacant works. It cannot be a transfer of a division even a brigade to the new work, which is in advance of a salient of the enemy's works, east of the vacant entrenchments, as the camp is too small, and the tents inside of the work are probably those of the artillery (three guns now visible) only. The railroad runs through the skirt of woods between the vacant entrenchments and the lead-works, and any train passing can be detected, and especially by night, from the angle of my picket-line. The deserter forwarded from these headquarters on the morning of the 26th instant from the Ninth Alabama, Sander's brigade, Mahone's division, will probably give information on the subject.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Is the contingency you desired me to prepare for in your confidential communication last night likely to take place to-morrow morning?

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864. (Received 10 p. m.)

General S. WILLIAMS:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance transpired to-day in my front. Seven hundred men from First Division, 600 from Second Division, and 600 from Fourth Division have been at work to-day on my line.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 27, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The contingency referred to is not likely to take place to-morrow morning, nor even to-morrow.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 27, 1864.

General WARREN:

I have six batteries (twenty four guns), of the Sixth Corps, camped near hancock's headquarters. Have sent an officer to look at the ground near the left redoubt on Norfolk road and the approaches.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

