
flank. I therefore desire you keep in view the contingency of holding your entrenchments with the minimum force, and being prepared to send any available movable force to the left and rear.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Sent to division commanders for their information and guidance. All the troops not in the advance line will be held in readiness to move at short notice, including batteries not in position.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 27, 1864-10 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

What is the reason the powder cannot be carried to the mine at once? It is of great importance the mine should be loaded without delay.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864-10 a. m.

General MEADE:

We will endeavor to get the powder in to-day. The only reason for waiting till night is to avoid discovery as the enemy throws shells at all working parties that are seen and it would be a little dangerous to have a party carrying powder shelled. By making the men walk low we can probably escape detection.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 27, 1864-10.15 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The cavalry picketing on the left report the enemy's infantry on the plank road this side of the fork of the road leading to Reams' Station. The major-general commanding directs that you send the brigade of Willcox's division not in the trenches, or other brigade of white troops not in the trenches, and the brigade of Ferrero's division not in the trenches to occupy the redoubt on the Norfolk road and the line of entrenchments formerly occupied by Ferrero, joining Warren's corps at or near the last redoubt on the plank road. These two brigades will picket the line from which Hancock's troops were withdrawn yesterday.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

The above order is sent to General Wilcox and General White for their information. The brigade of General Willcox's division out of the trenches (Humphrey's) will report to General White, who will be in

