
of widening the pits and constructing bombproofs is begun. The enemy's mortar shells have for the past two days fallen inside the second line principally; nearer than heretofore to brigade headquarters. In the Second Division the work of widening the pits and constructing bombproofs has been begun; the abatis on the left of the railroad cut being strengthened. Too little attention is paid to the fact that there are sinks for the use of officers and men. In some parts of this line the interior slope is too high for the men to fire over it; directed the tread of the banquette to be raised. The officer of the day of the Third Division reports "the firing was kept up briskly all night, except when rockets were thrown up by the enemy, when they would cease firing for the space of fifteen or twenty minutes. These rockets were thrown up at four different times during the night." He also invites attention to the indiscreet practice of a battery in rear of Roemer's, which almost daily drops shells into our works.

I remain, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. BARTLETT,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Brigadier, First Div., Ninth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., July 27, 1864-8 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that nothing unusual has transpired during the past twelve hours. The troops continued to improve the traverses, and bombproofs in the front line.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. LEDLIE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the line of breast-works in my front was strengthened last night and the abatis partially renewed. The firing during the night was constant, but amounted to nothing serious.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 27, 1864.

Brigadier General R. B. POTTER,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you detail 180 picked and reliable men, to be used in carrying the powder to the

34 R R-VOL XL, PT III

