
WASHINGTON, July 28, 1864-9 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point:

Will meet you at Fort Monroe at 8 p.m. on Saturday, the 30th, unless you shall notify me that it will be inconvenient to you.

A. LINCOLN.

CITY POINT, VA., July 28, 1864

A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I think it will be improper for me to leave here before Monday next, in consequence of present and prospective movements.

U. S. GRANT,

CITY POINT, July 28, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, Chief of Staff:

The enemy have attempted to drive our cavalry from the vicinity of Charles City road near New Market. Casualties are not reported, but I suppose have been small. Torbert's division repulsed the enemy in his front, capturing 150 of their number. At last report the enemy in front of Gregg's division were still standing. I am just starting for the scene of action.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 28, 1864-9 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have just returned from Deep Bottom. The enemy evidently and have been moving to meet it ever since they discovered it. The position of out troops to-day was-the left of the Second Corps resting at Deep Bottom, and extending along Bailey's Creek; Gregg's and Torbert's cavalry divisions were down to the right of the Second Corps, and extend to the New Market road, with one brigade at Malvern Hill. In getting their position they were attacked by the enemy in heavy force. The fighting lasted several hours, resulting in a loss which Sheridan thinks will not exceed 200 on our side, the greater part of whom are but slightly wounded, and some are prisoners in the hands of the enemy. We have taken 200 prisoners, besides wounded, many of whom were left in our possession. The number could not be estimated because ambulances were still engaged bringing them in when I left the ground. In front of Torbert's division 158 of the enemy's dead had been counted. There was equally as much, if not more, fighting in front of Gregg's division, and probably as many of the enemy's dead were left there. We have failed in what I had hoped to accomplish-that is, to surprise the enemy, and get on to their roads with the cavalry near to Richmond and destroy them out to South Anna. I am yet in hopes of turning this diversion to account, so as to yield greater results than if the first object had been accomplished.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

