
CITY POINT, VA., July 28, 1864-10 a.m.

(Received 3.30 p.m.)

QUARTERMASTERS-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

There is no necessity for more mules until the Nineteenth Corps arrives here. Several steamers arrived empty last night. It would have been as well had they been sent loaded. It will probably be determined to-day whether any more troops will be sent from this place. When I know the transports will be properly disposed of at once.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

CITY POINT, VA., July 28, 1864-1.30 p.m.

(Received 9 p.m.)

General M. C. MEIGS.

Quartermaster-General.

Colonel Sawtelle, chief quartermaster at New Orleans, informs me that there is necessity for the return of most of the steamers that brought the Nineteenth Corps to Washington. He says the Crescent, Saint Mary's, Clinton, and Alabama are particularly needed. Please cause the proper orders to be given. These steamers will receive sailing orders at Washington.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

CITY POINT, July 28, 1864

JOHN C. BABCOCK:

Have received thirteen prisoners belonging to Twenty-fourth Virginia Cavalry and Hampton Legion, taken yesterday p.m. by our cavalry between Malvern and Deep Bottom. They think that their regiment with the Seventh South Carolina Cavalry, making Gary's brigade, was all the rebel cavalry in that vicinity yesterday. Do not know the where-abouts of the other rebel cavalry.

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

July 28, 1864

[General HUMPHREYS.:]

GENERAL: Three deserters from the Eighth and Tenth Florida Regiments, Finegan's brigade, Anderson's division, came into our lines last evening a little after dark. Their brigade relieved Wright's brigade from the trenches two nights ago, and Wright's brigade moved to the rear. It moved again last night. It was at first said that it went to the left, but afterward that it had gone to the right down the railroad toward Reams' Station. They know of no movement in Hill's corps, except that of Wright's brigade. Last Saturday or Friday Kershaw's division, or the greater part of it, moved to the north side of the Appomattox; did not understand where they were going. These are all the movements of which informants have any knowledge. The First, Second, and

