
Twentieth Georgia Cavalry Battalion. They are little acquainted with the organization of the cavalry, and can only give the following information: That General Hampton is in command of all the cavalry and his headquarters are four miles below Reams' Station. They know of General Butler as commanding a brigade, and that General Young commands Hampton's old division. They speak of all these generals being in that vicinity. There is a battalion of dismounted cavalry operating near Emmit's [Emmon's] Mill under the command of Major Farley. They report that the Danville road is in running order; that it was finished last week. One of them was at Stony Creek Station about two weeks ago. There was a regiment of infantry and two pieces of artillery there at that time. Do not know what force there is at Reams' Station:think there is a small force of infantry with several pieces of artillery. Little can be made of their information, they are so unintelligent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 28, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The above forwarded for you information.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,

July 28, 1864

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following reports are respectfully forwarded:

PLANK ROAD STATION-9.30 a.m.

A squadron of about 150 cavalry passed our right on road near Weldon railroad this a.m,. a train of fourteen wagons followed. No change in front of station.

DUFF,

Signal Officer

STATION NEAR NORFOLK RAILROAD,

No change; enemy strengthening works at different points along line. See a number of enemy's officers inspecting their works in vicinity of Chimneys.

WARTS.

Signal Officer.

The following message intercepted:

Colonel B.

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The enemy are actively engaged this a.m. in strengthening their extended lines of earth-works in Maria Gilliam's field (this place I have ascertained is the one we presumed it to be), apparently half a mile across field, running east and west. About three regiments of infantry are drilling in open space to our right of Cobb's. One gun-boat off pontoon bridge.

I have the honor, general, to be, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER.

Captain and Chief Signal Officer

