HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL STATION,July 28, 1864-10 a.m. (Received 11 a.m.)

[General HANCOCK:]

GENERAL: Five regiments enemy's infantry passed to our right along the line of intrenchments seen from this point. The fire of the gun-boat is very effective. One shell burst in the moving column and scattered it. Others took effect in his works. Do you desire the fire continued?

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain and Signal Officer.

WALTHALL SIGNAL STATION, July 28, 1864-12.40 p.m.

Captain B. F. FISHER:

At 10.30 a.m. an engine and two cars passed out of town on the Weldon railroad. At 11 a.m. about a regiment of infantry passed to the right by open space, short distance to our left of lead-works. At 11.30 a.m. about a company passed same place in same direction. Seven wagons passed about the same time in the same direction on a road beyond. Following rebel message read:

9.30 A. M.

Colonel BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, and

A. B.:

The enemy are engaged this a.m. strengthening their extended line of earth-works in Maria Gilliam's field. They appeared to extend about half a mile across east and west. Three regiments of infantry drilling in open space to our right of Cobb's.

OPERATOR

At C.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant

THOMAS H. FEAREY,

Second Lieutenant, Signal Corps.

P. S. - A train has just started out toward Richmond on the Richmond and Petersburg Railroad. Cannot see it, but can follow course by smoke of locomotive. It goes slowly.

FEAREY,

Lieutenant.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION.

July 28, 1864- 5 p.m.

Captain CASTLE:

In addition to train reported this a.m. another train of twenty-two wagons passed to our right between 11 a.m. and 12 m. making thirty-six wagons in all. The enemy are still at work on fort two miles and a half southwest from station. A column of infantry, probably pickets, about 150 in number, passed to our right on Weldon railroad this a.m.

J. B. DUFF,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

July 28, 1864-6.30 p.m.

Captain B. F. FISHER:

At 11 a.m. a train of twenty-two wagons, in addition to those reported this a.m. passed to our right on road near Weldon railroad, making.

