
thirty-six wagons in all. 11.20 a detachment of infantry about 150 in number passed to our right on Weldon railroad. Immediately after a train of cars passed into the city. It came from a distance on the left, or as far as could be seen on railroad. Between 3 and 4 p.m. a column of cavalry passed to our right into the city. It was thirty minutes passing; moved in two bodies, each with a large flag; it was not less than 2,500 strong. A small regiment of infantry and a train of twenty-five wagons and six ambulances followed. The enemy are still at work on the new fort two miles and a half southwest from station.

J. B. DUFF,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 28, 1864-10.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,Commanding Engineer Brigade, City Point:

The major-general commanding directs that you obtain from Old Point Comfort the lumber, &amp;c., for twenty magazines, being the duplicate of the original order for magazines. Include in the material hinges, hasps, &c., of suitable material.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,Camp at City Point, Va., July 28, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

SIR: On learning of how much value the spade has been considered in this campaign of the army and how indispensable it has been considered for the security of the pickets and skirmish lines, it has appeared to me that it would be very desirable to have made for such troops a light, serviceable implement that the men could easily and conveniently carry with them, strapped to the knapsacks, for such purposes at all times when exposed to such duty. I have, therefore, sketched such an implement, somewhat like a child's garden spade or scoop, which, I believe, would answer all the required purposes and be highly prized by men on such duty, and I would thank you to submit it to General Meade, with the suggestion that in case he should approve it, I should be authorized to call upon the Engineer Department to have, say, 5,000 or 10,000 of them made for these armies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General

[Indorsement]

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

August 1, 1864.

Respectfully returned to General Benham.

The major-general commanding authorizes 2,000 of the proposed spades to be procured for trial.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

