
CITY POINT, July 6, 1864.

General BROOKS:

Your letter was received and would have been answered, but that I expected to see you soon and would explain. There has been a misunderstanding about what I said on the subject of recommendation for promotion. I directed that you should be assigned to the command of the Tenth Army Corps, because you were the senior officer with the army under General Butler, and I thought further that you should have an opportunity of getting back rank which you had before held. I may have stated what was the fact, that there was no use of making recommendations for promotion to the rank of major-general whilst Congress was in session, because there was no vacancy in the number which the Senate were willing to confirm. The law allows a major-general to each division and the present brevet, as I understand it, is an arbitrary one given by the Senate.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, July 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, City Point:

Dispatch received. Sorry to have troubled you on such erroneous impressions.

W. T. H. BROOKS,Brigadier-General.

BROOKS' HEADQUARTERS, July 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General WEITZEL:

The gun seen yesterday by the lookout turned toward the river just below Chaffin's Bluff, as if intending to cross to the west bank. It disappeared behind a hill at that point. The lookout watched until dark, but it did not reappear.

W. T. H. BROOKS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, July 6, 1864.

General WEITZEL:

The lookout, Crow's Nest, reports a large body of troops moving toward southwest on this side of river; come from direction of Richmond. He thinks they are on the turnpike; so far off he can't tell what they are. It took about an hour to pass a given point.

W. T. H. BROOKS,Brigadier-General.

JONES' NECK, July 6, 1864.

General WEITZEL,

Chief Engineer, Department of Virginia, &amp;c.:

Three hundred men from General Kautz's command arrived about half an hour ago and are now embarking in pontoon bridge for Curl's

