HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,July 28, 1864-11.30 a.m.(Received 1.10 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The enemy's infantry are making a strong attack on our cavalry on the Long Bridge road, near Ruffin's house. I am sending a division of infantry to support the cavalry. The cavalry are dismounted and holding the position, but are strongly pressed. The cavalry have found the enemy's infantry strongly intrenched on all the roads to Richmond this side of White Oak Swamp. The enemy are also coming down the Charles City road and attacking General Gregg strongly.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

(Same to General Meade.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 28, 1864-12.40 p.m.

General GRANT:

The enemy's infantry after attacking our cavalry on the Long Bridge road was driven back by General Torbert's cavalry, which, after a sharp fight, captured 2 colors and about 150 prisoners from Lane's brigade Wilcox's command, which has been at Chaffin's Bluff for about three weeks and which marched from there last night. There has been considerable movements of infantry to-day, from the rear of the enemy's right toward the left, but these movements were subsequent to the arrival of the troops from Chaffin's Bluff which attacked our cavalry. Gibbon's division of infantry has reached the rear of the cavalry for the purpose of supporting it, but in front of Torbert the enemy appear to have retired to form a new line. In front of General Gregg, however, the enemy has continued to hold the position and fighting is still going on, General Gregg being somewhat pressed but still holding his line. The enemy seems to be extending his line a little farther to his left (our right). If a formidable attack is made on me by the enemy this p.m. I shall fight in the intrenchments which I took yesterday, and on Strawberry Plains, because my present line is too long to guard. I think it possible that I may be attacked next on the Central road, but have a brigade watching it; Barlow's division near at hand. Both attacks this a.m. were occasioned by our cavalry (dismounted) driving in the enemy's infantry on the left of the enemy's line.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General

(Same to General Meade.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,July 28, 1864-2 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

GENERAL: An intelligent prisoner has just been captured and brought inn to me, a native of Ohio. He says that Kershaw's division, of Longstreet's corps, and Wilcox's, of Hill's, moved to our right this morning from the positions they held yesterday,where they were relieved this morning by the rest of Hill's corps, which came over last

36 R R-VOL XL, PT III

