HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 28, 1864-5.20 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Other prisoners report that Heth's division crossed last night and relieved the troops on Chaffin's Bluff, to which they belong. I will let you know the name of the prisoner who gave me the information about Bushrod Johnson's division. I will send for him, so that General Meade and General Grant can meet him here. His statements are very positive, and he believes there is [no] doubt. How true I cannot say. He was very intelligent. He is in General Sheridan's possession.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 28, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Division commanders will hold their troops in readiness for movement, with a view to continuing the development of the enemy's lines. The ammunition train is about to be moved to a place near the redan at the lower bridge.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 28, 1864-1.50 p.m.

Major-General GIBBON:

General Barlow has two regiments at the Central road junction. The major-general commanding does not wish you to withdraw from your present position at present, and if you think necessary will send you some more troops. He will send your orders when to withdraw, either upon developments or on your representation, unless, indeed, you should find that the enemy are going to attack you in force. General Sheridan should cover your front with cavalry where the lines are not close together, and in those cases it is desired that you develop by skirmish line or otherwise what is in front. Please communicate with these headquarters freely.

Very respectfully,FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 28, 1864-2.40 p.m.

General BARLOW,

Commanding First Division:

General Gibbon after a while will withdraw to a position somewhat in rear of his present position, toward the open plain on the right of the gate posts, but not nearly so far back as the plain. At that moment you can withdraw everything except your picket-line, and take position

