
in and in front of the enemy's intrenchments taken yesterday, carefully concealed from the view of the enemy by massing in the woods. General Mott will be in the intrenchments on your left. It is probable that a considerable portion of your command will be disposable in the intrenchments. You can send a brigade, regiment, or prisoners at any time to fix up your intrenchments. From statements of intelligent prisoners it appears that two divisions of the enemy have passed around our right, and at the same time been relieved by other troops in front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General Sheridan took prisoners from three brigades of two divisions. Please notify your brigade commanders of what will be the future disposition.

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 28, 1864-9.15 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance transpired in my front last night. Three deserters from Florida regiments were received and forwarded to army headquarters. Deserters say that Florida brigade is on picket, and many intend coming over to our side.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 28, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS:

The proposed plan of uniting all the old regiments of the First Corps into one division, I think, is the best. I hardly dared attempt anything so extensive, as it will involve the remodeling of the whole corps. I believe on this basis it can, however, be made more generally satisfactory and the changes will produce a renewed spirit. I will submit to-morrow the entire project.

Respectfully,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

July 28, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General WARREN:

It has been decided to attempt an assault of the enemy's line in front of the Ninth Corps after exploding the mine. Your part in the work will be co-operation by the use of all the artillery possible along your

