
BROADWAY LANDING, VA., July 28, 1864-2 p.m.

Captain STRANG,

Assistant Quartermaster, Depot of Repairs, City Point, Va.:

Please order the sixty wagons and five eight-mule teams to report at once at Broadway Landing to Captain Hatfield, ordnance officer of siege train. General Ingalls telegraphs that you have been ordered to furnish them. Please acknowledge receipt of this telegram.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

CITY POINT, July 28, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT:

The teams are on the road toward Broadway Landing as per your order.

E. J. STRANG,

Captain and Assistant Quartermaster.

JULY 28, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT:

DEAR COLONEL: The assault will take place about daylight on Saturday, 30th instant. The signal is to be the explosion of the mine. At that signal the batteries, including the mortars, are to open so as to keep down the fire of the enemy on the assaulting column. The batteries should be put in to-night if possible. I will have it done anyhow on Warren's front, so far as he can spare the guns. Brooker's battery will hardly be in the best position. I will try and get the wood at the corner cut down, so as to let him see more to his left, and, if advisable, he might clear out Roemer's place for a couple of his guns. He will be near enough to get ammunition for them from his magazine. I have telegraphed you for the mortars, 10-inch and 8-inch. They ought all to be put in battery. I trust much to them. If, in addition, a few heavy guns can be placed in Castle Hell, so to sweep the crest as far down as the house in front of General Warren's headquarters, burnt the other day, it will be very well. All the force you can put on, so dividing the work and arranging the companies as to make the operation a success, will be well.

Truly, yours,

H. J. HUNT.

JULY 28, 1864.

Colonel ABBOT,

Broadway Landing:

If you can have until daylight of the 30th (Saturday) to open can you get up, in addition to the mortars, some siege guns, and how many? Would you come up after setting the work going?

H. J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

