
bridge precisely at daylight. The order left these headquarters at 11.15 p.m. yesterday, and your brigade should have been assembled at the bridge ready to move as ordered at daylight.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 28, 1864-2.30 p.m.

General BIRGE,Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: Major-General Hancock directs me to say that he wishes you to get your entrenchments in the best order possible with the least delay practicable. The flanking force to our left was two divisions, which have continued farther on and may be heard of hereafter, but they were relieved about 9 a.m. by other divisions (from Hill's corps) which came over last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 28, 1864-3.05 p.m.

General FOSTER,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that prisoners taken this a.m. from three brigades of Kershaw's and Wilcox's divisions say that they were relieved this morning by other division of Hill's corps, so that you have probably as many troops in front of you as ever.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Deep Bottom, July 28, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Major General D. B. BIRNEY,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

In advancing my lines this afternoon I drove the enemy into their main line of works at several points. Officers of the skirmish line who had a good view of their works report them protected by a strong abatis and lined with as far as they could see. All my movements after reaching the Grover house had to be made in sight of the enemy's lookout on Spring Hill. I disposed of my force so as to mislead them regarding my strength as much as possible. Casualties few.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

(Same to General Hancock.)

