HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Deep Bottom, Va., July 28, 1864-11.40 p.m.

Brigadier General G. WEITZEL,

Chief of Staff:

The Second Army Corps commenced withdrawing, passing up Jones' Neck about 8.30 this evening. I have had no notice of their leaving from any official source, but know they are going, by seeing them pass my headquarters. Sheridan's cavalry is all back on Curl's Neck, and rumor says all are to withdraw to-night. If this is the case, the enemy, who are now very strong on this side of the river, will no doubt make a reconnaissance in force in the morning to ascertain their whereabouts, which will develop the fact that they have only my small force to oppose them, and if they should concentrate their forces against me it cannot fail to result in disaster to my command and the driving of the gun-boats from the river at this point. I wish you would send me some detailed instructions what course to pursue in the event of a strong attack from the enemy's force after the withdrawal of the troops of the Army of the Potomac.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.

(Copy to General Birney and to Lieutenant-General Grant.)
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, July 28, 1864.

General R. S. FOSTER,Deep Bottom:

You will be governed by your instructions previous to expedition of Second Corps. General Birge's brigade will doubtless remain for the present, and the two brigades, aided by the gun-boats, should hold the works against all forces enemy can bring.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, July 28, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Picket officer reports three of more trains, double engines, loaded with troops as having passed north last night, a large portion of them taken from General Butler's front.

E. O. C. ORD,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, July 28, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

Shall I discontinue the Coehorn firing? It is well I think to keep it up.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers.

