
evening about dark. He has just been forwarded here, and brings most important information. He states that last night about dark his entire division packed up and left the trenches, and were relieved by the division of Bushrod Johnson, which moved to the right and occupied the trenches vacated by Field's division; that he heard the lieutenant of his company say they were going to Drewry's Bluff. They had not started when informant left, but had every preparation made. The surgeons had excused several for disability to march, and packing of baggage, rolling of blankets, &amp;c., indicated an immediate move; orders were given to the entire division to move; that Bushrod Johnson said he thought he "could not relieve the entire division," and asked for a brigade of Field's division to be left behind. One of informant's company was standing by and overheard this from General Johnson. Informant thinks no brigade was left, but it was talked of leaving Anderson's or Benning's, they being smallest; that McLaws' division moved to the north side of the Appomattox night before last about 5 p.m.; understood that A. P. Hill's corps had moved, but cannot say how much of it, or where it had gone. Informant is certain that some troops were still left to the right of his division last night; bears every evidence of truthfulness, and he is perfectly familiar with the organization of his division and corps. Think he is reliable.

Very respectfully,

JOHN C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 29, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

From the foregoing dispatch and other information it appears quite probable that Heth's division, Hill's corps, and Field's division, Longstreet's corps, have both left my front.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 29, 1864.

General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, City Point:

In my report this morning of information brought from Richmond I omitted to state that our agent saw, day before yesterday, in Richmond, a considerable train of wagons, by which it was intended to send out of the enemy's lines and throw on our hands large numbers of women, children, and decrepit persons, said to be the families of persons who have fled to our lines or avoided the Confederate service.

Respectfully,

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.

CITY POINT, July 29, 1864.

JOHN C. BABCOCK,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Men in. Agent left Richmond yesterday at 9 a.m. Went in on Tuesday by Charles City road; saw very few troops; not allowed to

38 R R-VOL XL, PT III

