
return by same route, but came by a road nearer Chickahominy, four miles out (from Richmond) on which he saw large body of enemy's cavalry concentrating. Two divisions of infantry crossed from Petersburg to north side during night before last. No troops have been sent to Early, who is not expected to return. Loss of four guns and "about a regiment of prisoners," admitted in Richmond night before last.

G. H. SHARPE,

Colonel.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION, July 29, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Captain B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

A camp of the enemy's situated on Weldon railroad near lead-works is broken up this a.m. Their other camps between plan road and railroad remain the same. The enemy is still at work on new fort southwest from station and on their rear line north of Gregory's house. At 9.30 a.m. two trains of cars passed to our right into Petersburg.

J. B. DUFF,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

JULY 29, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Captain FISHER:

A few rebels at work digging behind front line at various intervals.

I. S. LYON,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

JULY 29, 1864-10.25 a.m.

Captain FISHER:

Heard trains moving on Richmond and Petersburg Railroad an hour since. Can see no indications of trains in city this a.m. Thirteen wagons passed on a road beyond the southwestern part of city a half hour ago, moving northwesterly. Enemy's signal officer reports this a.m. that we are not working on the fortifications at Gilliam's farm and have no guns there.

CHAS. L. DAVIS,

Captain, &amp;c.

JULY 29, 1864-11 a.m.

Captain FISHER:

A small camp of enemy has disappeared from front of Cementary Hill since yesterday a.m. An unusual number of wagons passing the open space back of Whitehead's Mill, going in both directions. A line of dust a half to three-quarters of a mile long has been rising for the last half hour northwesterly from here. I locate it on the Richmond and Petersburg highway, and judge it to be caused by a column of troops or a wagon train moving to the right. The dust has now disappeared, and was about half an hour or more in passing.

CHAS. L. DAVIS,

Captain, &c.

