
WASHINGTON, July 7, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 8th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The artillery proposed to send to you has been sent to Harper's Ferry; moreover they were not drilled as heavy artillery. One regiment of the latter is almost indispensable to mix in with militia who can scarcely fire a gun. Sigel has been removed from Harper's Ferry and Howe sent to take his place till Hunter arrives. Nothing heard from the latter to-day. Of Couch, Ord, and Gillmore I think the latter the best and have sent for him to-night. Early and Breckinridge are unquestionably in this raid, which is probably larger than we first supposed. Their special object is not yet developed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 7, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Confederate Army:

Mrs. Sackett, the wife of Colonel William Sackett, who was wounded on the 11th of June, near Trevilian Station, Va., is here in deep distress, and feeling great anxiety to learn the fate of her husband. Colonel Sackett was left at a house some two miles and a half from the station, in charge of Surgeon Ray, U. S. Volunteers. If you can let me know the fate and present whereabouts of Colonel Sackett, you will alleviate the anxiety of his wife and family. I will add that it always has and always will afford me pleasure to relieve the minds of persons in the South having friends North, either by forwarding open letters to them or by ascertaining where they are, their condition, &amp;c. Mrs. Sackett is very desirous that I should ask you for permission to visit her husband, if he is still alive. She would not expect to go through Richmond, but would start from Alexandria by private conveyance, if authorized to do so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Numbers 51. City Point, Va., July 7, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Battery F, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Captain Martin commanding, will report to Major General W. F. Smith, commanding Eighteenth Army Corps, in front of Petersburg, Va.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 7, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have nothing of importance to report during the last twenty-four hours. A mortar battery of 8-inch pieces has been established on the

