
extreme right the enemy's advanced line have five or six men on each picket-post, and I judge they expect us to attack in that direction. The enemy's line of infantry is complete at present around us. Please let me know in your orders before dark whether you wish the infantry to precede or the cavalry.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Grant.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 29, 1864-6 p.m. (Received 6.20 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

Orders have been sent you, but no precedence designated for the movement. I think the infantry should precede the cavalry. After crossing, every precaution should be taken so that both columns could reach their destination as soon as possible. The open ground at Bermuda Hundred will admit your column moving to Point of Rocks, whilst Sheridan goes to Broadway. Benham has been ordered to throw another bridge, but I fear it will be late before he gets up there, and Butler reports the approaches insufficient for two roads. You should examine these and try to arrange the second bridge so that the infantry at least could use it, leaving the one now down to cavalry and artillery. General Grant, just here, says that the brigade of the Nineteenth Corps with you is to hold the tete-de-pont after you leave.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,July 29, 1864-6.45 p.m (Received 7.30 p.m.)

General MEADE:

The enemy are now advancing a skirmish line, supported, so far as seen, by a regiment on the New Market road, and are engaged with our pickets. I have directed them to be supported so as to keep the fight to-night on this road.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

(Same to General Grant.)

JULY 29, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Lieutenant-General Grant informs me that after the beginning of your next movement, General Birge's brigade may be returned to me. You will, therefore, as soon as the public service will permit, please order Birge to report with his command to General Birney.

Respectfully,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

