HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 29, 1864 - 9.40 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The enemy demonstrated against us from the Central road to Malvern Hill. They had cavalry on their extreme left, but infantry on all the rest of the line. There was some sharp skirmishing, but the lines were not materially changed. The troops are crossing. I do not think the second bridge will be finished for some hours, as the only place to make the bridge is above the present one, and the pontoons cannot be passed through the present bridge without retarding the movement of the infantry. There appears to be no good approaches below, even alongside of the other bridge.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

(Copy to General Meade.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 29, 1864 - 11.20 p. m.

General MEADE:

My command is now across the bridge.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Grant.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864.

The following movements are ordered for to-night: The command will commence withdrawing at early dark, as follows: The Cavalry Corps, under direction of Major-General Sheridan, by the lower pontoon bridge; after crossing, General Sheridan will proceed as specially instructed in orders of this date from headquarters of the army. The second Corps will commence withdrawing at early dark, the Second Division leading, crossing the upper pontoon bridge, keeping the right of the road in all cases, taking the road to Point of Rocks, crossing the Appomattox at that place, and proceeding to the position near Petersburg now held by the Eighteenth Corps. The cavalry and infantry will march from Jones' Neck to the Appomattox by the roads they used in marching to this place. Should but one bridge be down at dark the infantry will take precedence in crossing. Should one bridge be practicable for infantry only the infantry will use it, the artillery of the corps using the other bridge, which will then be given to the cavalry. The brigade (General Birge's) of the Nineteenth Corps will follow the First Division to the bridge-head, where it will take position, holding the tete-de-pont. The pickets will be withdrawn at dark to the line of entrenchments held by the infantry, and General Sheridan will establish a line of pickets connecting the right of this line with the rear. As soon as the brigade of the Nineteenth Corps is in position in the tete-de-pont General Birge will relieve the picket-line of the Second Corps from the entrenchments. As soon as General Sheridan's new picket-line is withdrawn General Birge can establish such picket-line as he may think proper for the

