
defense of his position. The train of the Second Corps, excepting the headquarters spring wagons, twenty ambulances to each division, and one medical and one hospital supply wagon to each division, will move at dark to the park of the general corps train beyond the Appomattox. Such ammunition as division commanders may desire can be ordered from this point to their commands early to-morrow morning. Every exertion must be made to prevent this train obstructing the march of troops. The artillery now with divisions will move with them. The remaining batteries will move with the trains, and take position near the Eighteenth Corps, and take position under the direction of the commandant of artillery. Division officers of the day will report at corps headquarters without delay. It is important that the corps should be in position at daylight.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 29, 1864 - 5.45 p.m.

General Mott and General Birge are informed that the enemy are reported advancing a line of skirmishers toward our right along the New Market road. General Birge will open with a few guns by way of demonstration.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 29, 1864 - 6.50 p.m.

Major BULL,Provost-Marshall:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you have the present pontoon bridge muffled deep at once, and have material enough prepared to muffle another one. As soon as the second bridge is laid have it muffled promptly.

Your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 29, 1864 - 5 p.m.

[Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER:]

COLONEL: About two regiments and some artillery (number of pieces no reported) have returned to the position occupied before their tents were struck. A reconnoitering party sent out report the enemy's skirmish line advancing down the New Market road toward the angle in our picket-line.

Very respectfully,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

