
JULY 29, 1864.

Captain MENDELL, U. S. Engineers,

Headquarters Fifth Corps:

I do not want the embrasures of the battery between No. 8 and No. 7 opened.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

CIRCULAR No. 96.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

July 29, 1864.

While remaining in our present position all the artillery belonging to the corps will be under the special direction of Colonel Wainwright, chief of artillery. He will supervise the construction of magazines and all other necessary preparations in and around the batteries and when in position.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

July 29, 1864 - 7.30 p.m.

1. The mine in General Burnside's front will be sprung to-morrow at 3.30 a. m., to be immediately followed by a column of assault.

2. General Ayres' division will go in position under cover of the railroad cut in rear of General Cutler's division, with the right in front, and both his division and the reserve brigade of General Cutler's will be prepared at 3.30 a.m. to support the columns of attack whenever it may be required, and await orders.

3. The brigade of General Cutler's division in the front line and the division under General Bartlett will open fire with musketry, along with the artillery, as soon as the mine is sprung, the object being to keep down the fire of the enemy's artillery and musketry. They will have an ample supply of ammunition convenient to replenish their cartridge-boxes.

4. General Crawford will have General Baxter's brigade in readiness at 3.30 a. m. to move up to the position assigned General Ayres, but to await orders in its present position.

5. The artillery of the corps along the front will receive its orders through the chief of artillery of the corps.

6. The pioneers will all be with their brigades prepared to remove obstructions, and the wagons of entrenching tools will all be in readiness to move speedily wherever needed. The ammunition train will also be prepared to supply ammunition, either by wagons or on packmules.

7. Headquarters office will remain at the Avery house, but with everything in readiness to move. At the commencement of operations to-morrow the general commanding the corps will be found near the battery of six 4 1/2-inch guns west of the Avery house.

8. The medical director of the corps will make the proper arrangements to meet the contingencies of to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

