HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864 - 10 p.m.

Major-General HUMHPREYS:

I have seen General Burnside and my division commanders. My arrangements for to-morrow easy to make and are all completed. I have no doubt we shall be on time as expected. I will send you my circular order by a messenger.

Respectfully,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864.

The major-general commanding desires to see you at these headquarters at 7 o'clock this evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To division commanders.)
HEADQUARTERS NIGHT ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864 - 1 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

A deserters just in from Field's division, Longstreet's corps, says that his division left our front just after dark this evening for some place across the Appomattox, he thinks for Drewry's Bluff. McLaws' division left yesterday evening, he supposes, for the same place. Field's division was relieved by Bushrod Johnston, and he thinks that there is still one division of Longstreet's corps holding their extreme right, but he is not positive on that point. He says that the portion of Hill's corps that has been here left the lines some days ago, and the understanding is among the men that they have gone either to Johnston or Early; he seems to have been on that part of Field's line just in front of my center, and says that they have been digging nearly two weeks to ascertain whether we were mining them. A large fire is burning now in Petersburg, and we opened artillery to prevent operations to stop it. Bells of the town have been ringing. Your letter in reference to firing of heavy guns has been received and communicated to the proper officers.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 29, 1864 - 10.15 a.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

I am instructed to say that the major-general commanding submitted to the lieutenant-general commanding the armies your proposition to form the leading columns of assault of the black troops, and that he, as well as the major-general commanding, does not approve the proposition, but directs that those columns be formed of the white troops.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

