
front of the Ninth Corps, and redoubts for protection of the left flank of the trenches of the army have been commenced on the line of the Fifth Corps; also the preparation of material for the regular approaches about to be made.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., July 7, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I have word from Sherman to 7 p. m. last evening. He is near the Chattahoochee and has not attempted to cross. This shows the report of the deserters that he had been beaten at Atlanta is without foundation.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 7, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I transmit herewith the report of the chief of artillery and the acting chief engineer* made in pursuance of an order to reconnoiter the enemy's position in front of the lines of this army. You will see from the accompanying sketch+ that the point where the mine now being dug by Major-General Burnside is to be exploded is taken somewhat in reverse by the guns in the salient of the work near the Gregory house on the plank road. It therefore becomes necessary to effect a lodgment in this salient before the mine can be exploded. In order to obtain troops to relieve those in the trenches, and also to have a reserve, it is proposed in case regular approaches are made to occupy the line of redoubts and breast-works as indicated on the sketch. This will effectually cover the left flank of the army and leave at least a corps in reserve. These redoubts are in process of construction and the materials for regular approaches being collected, but no work as yet undertaken beyond the running of the gallery for the mine. Further operations will be dependent on your orders. It is proper I should advise you that in my judgment the operations proposed will be slow and tedious; that we shall perhaps have to take several lines before reaching the Appomattox; that then we shall have this river to cross and subsequently Swift Run; all of which would be turned and avoided should regular approaches be successfully made from the Bermuda Hundred front. Please advise me at your earliest convenience if you desire the operations commenced here against the salient on the plank road.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding Army of the Potomac.

---------------

*See Appendix D to Hunt's report, Part I, p. 285.

+Not found with this paper.

---------------

