HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE,Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Warren directs me to inclose to you the accompanying copy* of his order for to-morrow, and to express to you his thanks for your order of operations just received.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Petersburg, Va., July 28 [29], 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I would respectfully state that the division officers of the trenches did not report to me till from 3 to 4 p.m. I would suggest the propriety of their reporting promptly at 10 a. m. By so doing they can report to their division commanders at 11 o'clock, and 12 m. give their instructions to their brigade officers of trenches. The bells of the city of Petersburg were rung last night about 11 o'clock, being an alarm of fire supposed to be caused by our firing on the right of this army. Yesterday a house in front of Second Division and in the enemy's [lines] was fired and burned. About 150 yards in front of the picket-line, on right of First division and near the railroad, the enemy are busy in throwing up earth-works, capped with sand-bags. The enemy can be seen at work on a line one-half a mile in rear of their front line-evidently a new line. Attention has been made to the sinks, which were improved during my tour, but there is still room for improvement. The sinks of First Division are in better police than those of other divisions. The bomb-proofs in Second Division are not completed. I inclose you a report of Lieutenant Colonel P. B. Stilson, division officer of trenches of Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, which was not reported till this movement. In all other respects our lines have been usually quiet.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. G. MARSHALL,

Colonel Fourteenth New York Artillery, General of the Trenches.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864.

I. The mine will be exploded to-morrow morning at 3.30 by Colonel Pleasants. General Potter will issue the necessary orders to the colonel for the explosion.

II. General Ledlie will immediately upon the explosion of the mine move his division forward as directed by verbal orders this day, and if possible crown the crest at the point known as Cemetery Hill, occupying, if possible, the cemetery.

---------------

* See p. 607.

---------------

