
III. General Willcox will move his division forward as soon as possible after General Ledlie has passed through the first line of the enemy's works, bearing off to the left so as to effectually protect the left flank of General Ledlie's column, and make a lodgment, if possible, on the Jerusalem plank road to the left of General Leddlie's division.

IV. General Potter will move his division forward to the right of General Ledlie's division as soon as it is apparent that he will not interfere with the movements of General Willcox's division, and will as near as possible protect the right flank of General Ledlie from any attack on that quarter and establish a line on the crest of a ravine which seems to run from the Cemetery Hill nearly at right angles to the enemy's main line directly in our front.

V. General Ferrero will move his division immediately after General Willcox's until he reaches our present advance line, where he will remain until the ground in his front is entirely cleared by the other three divisions, when he will move forward over the same ground that General Ledlie moved over; will pass through our line and, if possible, move down and occupy the village to the right.

VI. The formations and movements of all these divisions, together with their places of rendezvous, will be as near as possible on accordance with the understanding during the personal interviews with the division commanders. The headquarters of the corps during the movement will be at the fourteen-gun battery in rear of the Taylor house. If further instructions are desired by division commanders they will please ask for them at once.

By order of Major-General Burnside:

W. H. HARRIS,

Captain Ordnance, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 34 Before Petersburg, Va., July 29, 1864.

Brigadier General Julius White is hereby assigned to duty, till further orders, as chief of Staff of this corps. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Burnside:

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: It will be extremely difficult, if not possible, for me to form my division unlit that of General Ledlie shall have been formed. It will be impossible to form in or advance up the ravine on my right front, and it will not be in my opinion wise to form the attacking column of my division of this side of the railroad to the right of the covered way, as they would have too far to go, and it will be too bad ground to advance over rapidly. We will have to hold ourselves in readiness to make our formation as soon as we see what ground General Ledlie leaves to us, and adapt ourselves accordingly. General Ord's troops that are to occupy that portion of our line nearest the mine will, I pre-

