
sume, be put in the second line until after the explosion, when, as soon as the ground is cleared of our troops, they will at once move forward and occupy the advanced line vacated by my division.

If General Ledlie leaves us room enough we can from across the covered way, but I doubt if he will be able to give us the space. All the ground between the foot of the hill and the rise beyond the ravine near the mine is bad. A regiment could be formed near the mouth of the mine, but the ground is not very good, and would probably be rather near the explosion. We shall probably have merely to follow General Ledlie until we get through the enemy's line, and then move up on his right. On an examination of the ground with a view to massing troops I find there is really less space than I had supposed, and unless the dispositions are commenced early and made with celerity I fear some confusion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 29, 1864 - 3 p.m.

Brigadier-General WHITE,Commanding Temporary Division, Ninth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that as son as it is dark you withdraw your command from the entrenchments you are now holding and move to the position of the Ninth Corps, and report to your corps commander. You will call in your pickets upon moving. You will at once report to Major-General Burnside, and receive his instructions as to the route you will take.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,Deep Bottom, July 29, 1864 - 7.50 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

I have ordered General Wilson to concentrate his division at Alley's house, on the plank road, the headquarters of the brigade doing picket duty on the left of the army. I will move to the same point as rapidly as I can, but as the infantry move in advance of me I cannot say when I will reach that point.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

JULY 29, 1864 (Received 9.10 p.m.)

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps, Foster's Headquarters:

It is desired that the railroad party be sent down to-night by either of the steamers Argo or Iolas, which are both up there now. Please inform me if this will be done, or the whereabouts of the party. Answer.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

