HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 7, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

I would respectfully report that no movements were seen from the plank road station, except that of a train of eighty-one wagons passed southward on the road beyond the Weldon railroad. A train of cars came into Petersburg from the direction of Richmond, seemingly loaded with soldiers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 7, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following reports have been received and are respectfully forwarded:

There has been no labor since 1 p. m. on works near Gregory house. A party are still at work on the line of intrenchments to the left and rear of the Gregory house. From the amount of dirt thrown up this line appears no larger than a rifle-pit.

I. S. LYON,

Signal Officer.

The following was taken from enemy's station at Archer's:

Colonel BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

No movements reported of any kind in enemy's camp this a. m. One gun-boat below Port Walthall.

W. S. L.

(Same to A. B.)

11 A. M.

Colonel H. P. JONES:

No movements observed yesterday. A few troops were landed on this side near Point of Rocks. Seven pieces artillery have just passed on the City Point road above where it joins the Broadway road, going toward the enemy's front.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 7, 1864.

Corps commanders are notified that the commanding general has been called upon to present the names of officers deserving promotion to the rank of general, and they are requested to furnish the names of such officers of their respective commands as, in their judgment, are meritorious, specifying those who are first entitled to consideration, and giving as much in detail as practicable the services and reasons on which said recommendations are grounded.

This to include promotion to the grade of major as well as brigadier-general.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

