
III. Similar orders will be given to the colored brigade serving in the trenches, and near Dow's battery; both these commands will move as promptly as possible, in silence, and without waiting for the other division.

IV. General Turner will, as soon as his division is relieved, march it quietly to the place designated for it. Major Michler, U. S. Engineers, will show him the place.

V. General Ames will, with his division, follow General Turner's and take up a convenient position near him.

VI. The artillery (field) not in position will be harnessed up ready for any orders which may be sent it. Major Trumbull will remain at present headquarters to direct them.

VII. The ambulances will also be harnessed and ready to move, under the chief, who remains at present headquarters to give them orders.

VIII. The artillery in place will be left there, and commence cannonading at the signal and instructions.

By order of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 91. In the Field, Va., July 29, 1864.

* * * * * * * *

V. Brigadier General J. B. Carr, having reported at these headquarters for duty, in accordance with Special Orders, No. 206, paragraph IX, from headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, is hereby assigned to the command of the Third Division.

* * * * * * * *

By command of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, July 29, 1864.

Brigade commanders will have their commands in readiness as soon after dark as practicable in view of the movement to be made. The men will be supplied with sixty rounds of ammunition, and be provided with shelter-tenths, and blankets rolled and worn over the shoulders, and two days' rations. The preparations will be made as quietly as possible, and immediately upon their respective commands being in readiness to move, brigade commanders will report by staff officers to these headquarters. Every man fit for duty will be placed in ranks, and all available intrenching tools about the camp or at brigade headquarters will be distributed among the regiments. This order will not be construed as interfering with the pioneer corps of the respective commands, who will retain their tools.

By command of Brigadier General A. Ames:

CHARLES A. CARLETON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

