HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Friend's House, July 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. CARR,

Commanding Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Please direct the colored troops, as soon as they can be relieved, and without waiting further orders or the movements of General Turner's division, to proceed, under, the direction of staff officer appointed to guide them, to the part of the trenches which it may have been decided they are to occupy. On their arrival in the trenches send a staff officer ot notify me of the fact and their position. I will be found here until 9 p. m. this day, and after 9 at the headquarters of General Burnside. The division of General Stannard will, also, as soon as it can be relieved and brought sufficiently far to the rear to be out of reach of enemy's stray shots, be marched to the place in the trenches vacated by General Burnside's troops which may be assigned to them; this without waiting for the movement of either division, and all the movements will be made in silence and with regard to secrecy. Notify me of Stannard's division having arrived in position. Copy of the instructions from General Meade are sent herewith.* Please be governed by them accordingly.

Yours, &amp;c.,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, July 29, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. CARR,Commanding Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding corps directs that after starting your command you push ahead and report to General Burnside for instructions where to place your division. You will go ahead of the column, so that it need not be delayed while you are getting instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

FORT POWHATAN, July 29, 1864.

General B. F. BUTLER, Commanding:

GENERAL: I believe I am in possession of reliable information as to the hiding place of the guerrillas who cut our wires between here and Swan Point. Can you send me three or four squadrons of cavalry to assist in capturing them?

G. S. INNIS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, July 29, 1864 - 6.40 p. m.

Colonel G. S. INNIS, Fort Powhatan:

Keep watch of guerrillas. I will send your cavalry in a couple of days.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

---------------

* See Orders, p.596.

---------------

