
cavalry to cut fifteen or twenty miles of the Weldon railroad. Instruct the cavalry to remain for this purpose, and either corps of infantry you may designate. If Ord's, inform General Butler of the fact. Five days' rations will be sufficient for them to take along. They should get off by daylight to-morrow morning, and strike the road as near Petersburg as they can to commence work. I cannot yet help feeling that if our cavalry should get well round the enemy's right, before our troops are withdrawn from their present position, we may yet take Petersburg. I do not feel like giving addition instructions on this subject, however.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864 - 2.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have just received a report from General Gregg, commanding cavalry. He reports his command in presence of the enemy at the Gurley house, and at other points near the railroad. He does not appear to have made any effort to advance, but reports this as the result of his reconnaissance which he was directed to make when offensive operations were suspended. At the same time he says his horses have not had water for forty-eight hours, and he is in want of forage for his animals and subsistence for his men. Seeing no prospect for the cavalry being able to do anything this afternoon, in view of their condition and your orders for a raid to-morrow, I have directed him to withdraw, and make his preparations for the movement to-morrow. I find Ord's corps so mixed up with Burnside's, I have concluded it will be quicker work to send Hancock to support the cavalry, and have accordingly ordered Ord to relieve Hancock to support the cavalry, and have accordingly ordered Ord to relieve Hancock as soon after dark as possible, and ordered Hancock at the same time to move over to the Jerusalem plank road.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864 - 2.20 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Dispatch of 2.15 just received. I think I shall have to take Ord's corps, as Hancock's is in the trenches and cannot be relieved till after dark. Not anticipating your present order, I told General Gregg, commanding Cavalry Corps during sickness of General Sheridan, that he might send Kautz back to General Butler. I think it would be advisable to order him to report again to Gregg Butler. I think it would be advisable to order him to report again to Gregg at Lee's Mill.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 30, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Our experience of to-day proves that fortifications come near holding themselves without troops. If, therefore, the enemy should attempt to

