HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864 - 5 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your telegram suspending raid received. I am of your opinion that we may now expect the enemy to assume the offensive, which I think will be by sending a movable column to turn our left and rear. I have directed Sheridan to take post to cover our left and rear. Ord will resume to-night his former position and Hancock his, having one division on the left rear of our line, the other two in reserve.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864 - 6 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Cam you not send General Weitzel and Lieutenant-Colonel Comstock to confer with Major Duane as to the best defensive line to be occupied from the Appomattox to the Jerusalem plank road, and decide on the works to be erected?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1863 - 8.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Ord reports to me there are many of our dead and wounded lying between our lines and the enemy's line. Though not officially reported, I have reason to believe the enemy got possession of their line, including the crater, soon after you left, taking, I fear, a number of prisoners, including Brigadier-General Bartlett. Do you think it worth while to ask for a fall to-morrow to remove our dead and wounded? Ord says there are a number of the enemy whom

they cannot get off, and perhaps they would be more amiable than Beauregard was the last time I applied.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, July 30, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

You may exercised your pleasure about asking a truce to collect the dead and wounded. I leave in the course of an hour or two for Fort Monroe; will be back to-morrow night.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 30, 1864.

(Received 10.30 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

The enemy have commenced crossing the Potomac at the different fords above Harper's Ferry. Unless re-enforcements are sent from

