HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,July 30, 1864. (Received 4.30 p. m.)

General MEADE:

Your dispatches are received. I will make all arrangements. My dispatch to you with regard to the condition of my command was sent before the receipt of your orders.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864 - 4.45 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Orders just received from Lieutenant-General Grant authorize the suspension of the raid on the Weldon railroad. You will therefore as soon as it is dark return to the position at and about the Deserted House occupied by you before crossing the James, putting a division in the works from the Norfolk road to General Warren's left. Communicate this to General Ord, who will resume his former position.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

July 30, 1864 - 11 a. m.

The corps will take up the line recently held by the Eighteenth Corps, now held by General Mott's division. The Second Division will hold the intrenchments from the river to the railroad; the Third Division from the railroad to a point a little to the right of the Hare house, and the First Division from the last-named point to connect with General Burnside's command. It is suggested that division commanders locate their reserves where the reserves of the Eighteenth Corps were placed, as these position are probably well sheltered from the enemy's artillery fire. This disposition to be made at dark to-night. Division commanders will have the ground they are to occupy and the approaches carefully examined during the day, in order that there may be no difficulty in making the above arrangement. The staff officers of General Mott's division are familiar with the whole line and will render any assistance they can in the matter.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, July 30, 1864 - 5.30 p. m.

The order for movement to the Williams house and for the issue of rations is suspended. General Mott will, when relieved by General Ord's command, return to his former position near the Deserter House, putting one brigade between the Norfolk road and the railroad and occupying the redoubt. General Gibbon will after dark return to his position on the line connecting with the brigade of General Mott's division and General Warren's left. General Barlow will return after dark to his position near the Deserted House. The rations will be kept on hand ready to be issued at short notice.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

