HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864 - 4.40 a. m.

Brigadier-General MOTT,Commanding Division, in intrenchments of Eighteenth Corps,

old headquarters of Eighteenth Corps:

General Burnside is ordered if his mine has failed to open all the batteries in his front and assault at once. Upon hearing his batteries open have all the batteries of the Eighteenth Corps opened.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS,July 30, 1864 - 6 a. m. (Received 7.10 a. m.)

Brigadier-General MOTT,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have been in the trenches along all my line since the opening of the firing. The enemy shelled us yesterday night between 11 and 12, and kept a lively fire of sharpshooting during the night, but this morning they are very inactive in my front. The firing of our artillery does not bring any answer but a few shots. The rebel battery which shelled us last night either has been withdrawn or does not dare to open on us this morning.

The firing of the three-mortar battery in my line does good execution, dropping shells in the enemy's trenches with great precision and good dropping shells in the enemy's trenches with great precision and good effect apparently, for the rebels keep concealed behind their works, and do not show themselves, affording therefore very little opportunity to our men for musketry firing.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General.

We have some few casualties; Lieutenant Clark, Fortieth New York, wounded through the lungs, among some others.

JULY 30, 1864 - 4.10 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

GENERAL: All my arrangements have been made and everything has been in position since 3.30.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864 - 4.40 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

General Burnside is directed if his mine has failed to open all his batteries and assault. Upon hearing his batteries open you will open all on your front.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Similar to Colonel Wainwright at 4.45 a. m.)

