
case it becomes necessary. I anticipate offensive movement on the part of the enemy, and expect it will be by a movable column turning our left and threatening our rear. Major-General Hancock will, to-night, resume his former position, and General Ord his also.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Burnside.)

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 30, 1864.

Furnished for the information and compliance of division commanders and the chief of artillery.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

Can you not by strengthening your front line extend so as to cover the line from your present left to the redoubt on the Norfolk road? As soon as matters are settled I shall direct Major-General Burnside to extend his line and relieve Cutler, but I cannot direct him to do it to-night, as I do not know in what condition either his force or his works are. My object is to get Hancock's whole corps in reserve. He will put a division to-night into these works.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864-7.20 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

General Meade says that all field batteries which you do not wish for defensive purposes on your lines can be withdrawn. Will you please designate to Colonel Wainwright what batteries you desire, that the others may be withdrawn. Of course you can retain such additional ones as you think fit until the embrasures can be filled up and the parapets prepared for infantry.

H. J. HUNT,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, July 30, 1864-10.45 p. m.

Colonel WAINWRIGHT,

Chief of Artillery, Fifth Corps:

All the siege artillery is ordered to be moved at once. The matter is urgent. Will you at once see Captain Brooker and have it loaded up? Guns, mortars, ammunition, and platforms, so far as the means of transport will permit. Destination will be made known. Does Brooker

