
JULY 30, 1864-6.15 a. m.

General BURNSIDE:

General Hartranft is moving forward independent of Ledlie; he was detained getting his regiments into order; he has now all but two regiments over the enemy's line; Ledlie has sent orders to move at once; infantry and artillery fire enfilades from the right on Humphrey's; Twenty-seventh Michigan moves to the left; other regiments forward.

CUTTING,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 30, 1864-6.20 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

If General Warren's supporting force can be concentrated just now, ready to go in at the proper time, it would be well. I will designate to you when it ought to move. There is scarcely room for it now in our immediate front.

A. E. BURNSIDE,Major-General.

SIGNAL STATION, July 30, 1864.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

GENERAL: There is one gun in the battery on the left of the road that enfilades the line over which the re-enforcements are going to the brigade already in the enemy's works and doing great execution. I have called Captain Brooker's attention to it, urging the necessity of silencing the gun, if possible. The enemy have greatly increased the small work on the right of their second line during the night, but there are no guns in it, nor can I see any troops there. No movements of troops anywhere along their line visible.

J. C. PAINE,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864-6.50 a. m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Warren's force has been concentrated and ready to move since 3.20 a. m.* My object in inquiring was to ascertain if you could judge of the practicability of his advancing without awaiting for your column. What is the delay in your column moving? Every minute is most precious, as the enemy undoubtedly are concentrating to meet you on the crest, and if you give them time enough you cannot expect to succeed. There is no object to be gained in occupying the enemy's line; it cannot be held under their artillery fire without much labor in turning it. The great point is to secure the crest at once, and at all hazards.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

---------------

*The copy submitted with report of the Court of Inquiry on the Mine Explosion reads 3.30 a. m. See Part I, p. 141.

---------------

