
JULY 30, 1864-11.15 p. m.

General BURNSIDE:

All the siege artillery and material is ordered at once to City Point. Can you have the siege guns and 8-inch mortars, their ammunition and material, got out and parked near your headquarters or near that which Captain Brooker is to put our of the Fifth Corps lines? Field artillery teams can bring out the guns; a wagon each is required for the mortars. Please acknowledge and let me know if Colonel Monroe will take the matter in hand. All should be out by daylight.

H. J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, July 30, 1864-2.45 a. m.

Major General A. E. BURNSIDE,Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Colonel Duncan, commanding the Second Brigade, Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, who reported to me at about 12 midnight to relieve my line, has just returned to say that in the darkness he has lost all of his brigade but one regiment, which has been placed in the line, relieving two small regiments of Bliss' brigade on the right of my line. Bliss will therefore have to remain mostly on the line, as it so too late to find anything to relieve him and get it on the ground in time. I have ordered him to commence at 3 a. m. the withdrawal of the troops over the mine and within injudicious proximity to the explosion and add them to the force already relieved. General Griffin is placing his men in position and will be ready to move promptly with what support I can give him from the other brigade. Colonel Duncan will report the rest of his brigade when he finds it. I am not sure that this is much of a misfortune, as Duncan's troops were colored troops and I did not get a very favorable account of some of these troops in that corps. In case of a repulse or check this is a spot that should be well well. After 3.15 a. m., and until further report, my headquarters will be at the clump of trees near the batteries on the right of my covered way.

Your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

JULY 30, 1864-3.15 a. m.

General JULIUS WHITE,

Chief of Staff, Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have a report from the mine; everything all right. The fuse will be ignited at 3.35 and Colonel Pleasants anticipates the explosion at 3.40 or 3.45. Could hear enemy moving up their guns this morning. Railroad trains moving all right.

Yours,

R. B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-A division of some corps ought to be ready to move quickly up after Griffin if required.

