
accordingly. Your movements will now be changed to a reconnaissance, feeling the enemy's right flank, and acting according to circumstances, under your own judgment. You will instruct General Wilson and General Torbert in accordance with this.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

JULY 30, 1864-2.20 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to herewith transmit for your information an extract from a dispatch* which has just been received from the lieutenant-general commanding. The commanding general directs that you at once get up the necessary forage and subsistence to enable your command to execute the service indicated, and that you be prepared to move at daylight to-morrow. The infantry corps which is to accompany you and its commander will be designated in the course of the day.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: The order requiring a movement to-morrow on the Weldon road is suspended. I wish to post your command so as to cover strongly the left of the army and the roads which are open between our left and the James. In selecting posts and lines you must exercise your judgment and knowledge of facilities of getting water. I anticipate an offensive movement on the part of the enemy and expect it will be directed against our left and rear, and wish you to make all the preliminary resistance possible, and advise me at the earliest possible moment. Please report your headquarters as soon as established, or those of General Gregg, in case you continue indisposed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,Cavalry Corps:

In consequence of instructions received from the lieutenant-general commanding the armies, the major-general commanding directs that you send one of the division of cavalry to City Point to embark there immediately for Washington. They will take their artillery and means of transportation to City Point, from which point it will follow them to Washington.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Grant to Meade, received 2.15 p. m., p. 637.

---------------

