HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, July 30, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The reconnaissance as directed has been made and General Wilson is now at the Gurley house and his pickets just beyond. General Wilson found the enemy in about the same position as they have been for the last ten or fifteen days. The enemy's hold the Aiken house. The enemy show a strong front, but everything is quiet. I am near the Williams house.

Yours, respectfully,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864-1.40 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the horses of the divisions of the Cavalry Corps have not been watered since yesterday; there is no water in the vicinity of the positions of the First and Third Divisions. I have ordered the Second Division to Lee's Mill, where there is some water, but I doubt if it will be found sufficient for the entire command. I have not yet heard from the Second Division, but I think it probable that at present the enemy hold Lee's Mill. Generals Torbert's and Wilson's divisions will remain in their present positions during the meantime, until I receive further orders from the major-general commanding as to their disposition for to-night. It is absolutely necessary that the command be in such position to-night that the horses may be watered.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your dispatch and that of General Torbert are received. The commanding general directs me to say that if the reconnaissance cannot be pushed farther, and with some probability of your being able to drive the enemy beyond the railroad and move up into the vacant intrenchments near the lead-works, then you can withdraw to some point where the horses can be watered and preparations made for the raid to-morrow. In the latter case you will leave the brigade on picket.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

