
yond, as well as Ord's. The signal officer on plank road reports no enemy visible in their works near the lead-works, which are on the Weldon railroad. There are but three divisions of the enemy this side the Appomattox, and prisoners say only one line of intrenchments, and that thinly filled. General Warren is ordered to attack on the enemy's right, if practicable. The commanding general directs that you move at once and endeavor to gain the Weldon railroad, and move up along that road to the enemy's right, attacking him and co-operating with Warren. You will not wait for General Sheridan's arrival, but move independently and at once. General Sheridan will be at once notified of your orders and directed to hurry up his troops to you.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, Near Alley's, July 30, 1864-9 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel FORSYTH, Chief of Staff:

I am just moving out to attack the enemy, near Aiken's and Gurley's, in pursuance of orders from General Meade to attack, reach the railroad if possible, and thence push to the enemy's line near the lead-works. I cannot turn out but a little over 2,000 men, of which 200 must be left on the plank road near the crossing of the road to Reams' Station. As a matter of course, if the enemy's cavalry corps is near Reams' or below, my position is extremely hazardous, so that you should move a force to the plank road as soon as possible. My order is positive, and "not to wait for Sheridan," leaving me no discretion. I'll do the best I can, however.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAS. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864-9.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General WILSON,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

The following dispatch is just sent to General Sheridan.* You will be governed accordingly. General Crawford, of General Warren's corps, is making a reconnaissance toward the enemy's right.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,July 30, 1864-1.25 a. m.

Brigadier-General McINTOSH, Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: Not having received any instructions yet from Major-General Sheridan, you will not relieve your picket-line for the present, unless you should have heard from General Sheridan direct on the left of your line.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Humphreys to Sheridan, 9.30 a. m., p. 668.

---------------

