HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, In the Field, July 30, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,City Point:

A rebel brigade just crossed the pontoon bridge at Chaffin's farm, going west. A heavily laden train just passed the Junction going toward Petersburg.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 30, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &c.:

I leave here some time in the course of the night for Fortress Monroe to meet the President there in the morning. I will return to-morrow night. Should it be necessary to communicate with me during the day telegraph me there.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, July 30, 1864-11 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Dispatch received and will meet promptest attention. A pleasant voyage. I could wish I was going with you, but use my house. Mrs. Butler will be happy to entertain you.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

JULY 30, 1864-7.45 a. m.

General BUTLER:

Troops are being concentrated in rear of the works blown up. The colored regiments have gained the same position. I can see ten regimental flags now on the destroyed works, others to the right and left. The rebels still hold their rifle-works on our left, but will soon have to evacuate or be taken prisoners. I should think that we have taken 200 or 300 prisoners. The position looks very encouraging, if they but push along. There is but one line of rifle-pits in our immediate front, and that does not extend more than 200 yards. The main work has been taken, which is the blown-up fort.

LUDLOW.

JULY 30, 1864-9.20 a. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

The colored troops appear to have been massed, and charged over the breast-works, which appear to be held on one side by us, and the other side by the rebels.

The colored troops were repulsed with considerable slaughter, and fled to the rear line of the breast-works; were rallied once; repulsed again, and again rallied to be repulsed. From my position I see them

