
the ammunition for them started early in the morning, and hurry matters as much as possible. Please also, if possible, send me the six Coehorns and ammunition (loaded in six wagons) sent Colonel Wainwright last night. He has no transportation for them. Please notify me about the Eighteenth Corps batteries at once.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 30, 1864.

Colonel ABBOT:

The heavy mortars may be reduced so as to only leave enough to be fully supplied by the ammunition still on hand.

H. J. HUNT,Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, In the Field, July 30, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY, Tenth Corps:

Mine was exploded at 4.40 a. m., blowing up a South Carolina regiment and four pieces of artillery. Breach then occupied by Ninth Corps without opposition. Enemy had a second line; Ninth and Eighteenth Corps charged it four times and were repulsed. We now hold the breach in first line, but will abandon it to-night.

Respectfully,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Acting Chief of Staff.

JULY 30, 1864-6.45 a. m.

General BIRNEY:

General Grant telegraphs that the enemy seem to be in small force in Petersburg, and that to hasten re-enforcements against the attack now being made he may take the men from our front. If so, we must push them at once, take and hold the road to the last man. Please have examination and watch kept on your picket-line to see if they still stay in force.

Yours,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, July 30, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Your dispatch received. I have ordered all of my troops to hold themselves ready to move at a moment's notice, and will report promptly any change in our front on part of the enemy. Birge has not reported yet. I have sent to see as to his location. The telegraph to Foster is down, but will be quickly repaired.

D. B. BIRNEY,Major-General.

It will be repaired in one hour.

O'BRIEN.

