HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, July 31, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: John Sannes and Daniel Cunniff, two deserters from the Second Florida, Perry's brigade, Mahone's division, who came in this morning, report that they went on picket in front of the trenches last might at 8 o'clock, and left the picket-line between 11 and 12 o'clock. They were in the trenches yesterday during the engagement, and did not move from their position. Wright's and Mahone's brigades came down from the right of their line to assist in driving our men from the works. They left a very light line in the trenches, in most places the men being in one rank. There was no reserve in rear of Mahone's division. They report that the enemy had mortars planted in a ravine in rear of the mine which did fearful execution among our men. They say there were eight mortars in rear of Johnson's division, and there are six in rear of Mahone's. They did not learn that any re-enforcements had come to them during the day, and they think that after the engagement Wright's and Mahone's brigades returned to their position on the right of the line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

CITY POINT, July 31, 1864-5 p. m.

Captain McENTEE:

Just received ten prisoners of war captured by our cavalry late yesterday p. m. near Lee's Mill, four or five miles on easterly side of Weldon railroad. They are from Fifth and Sixth South Carolina Cavalry, Butler's present brigade, and were sent out on picket from their brigade camp, which was at Malone's Crossing, five miles below Reams' Station. Young's brigade of their division, Hampton's, was at Reams' Station, which they think was all the cavalry on the extreme right of the enemy's line. They think that Rooney Lee* was on the north side of the James, and that there was a division of cavalry between Petersburg and Richmond. Except men sent out on picket, brigade was mostly kept our foraging; horses much run down; mounted men in brigade about 1,800; the three regiments composing it being new; they thought it quite unlikely from the start he had that Sheridan would be caught.

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 31, 1864.

Captain B. F. FISHER,Signal Officer:

All quiet. The enemy reoccupying their lines on our left, reported weakened yesterday. Their force is apparently stronger than on Friday (29th). They continue to work on fort near Weldon railroad.

J. B. DUFF,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

---------------

*W. H. F. Lee.

---------------

