
make their lines conform to the project of the acting chief engineer, and will, on his requisition, furnish such fatigue parties and tools as may be necessary to carry the same into effect.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 31, 1864-12 m.

The following changes of troops will be made:

1. As soon as it is dark Major-General Burnside, commanding Ninth Corps, will carry out the orders already given him to relieve all the troops of the Eighteenth Corps that he has retained on his front. He will at the same time extend his troops to the left, and occupy that part of the intrenchments of the Fifth Corps held by a brigade of Cutler's division, relieving that brigade.

2. Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, will withdraw Cutler's division from the intrenchments now held by one of its brigades upon the arrival of Burnside's troops to relieve them. During the night he will occupy the intrenchments in rear from the plank road to the Norfolk road, relieving the troops of the Second Corps posted there.

3. Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, will hold his corps massed at some central point from which it can be readily directed to the front, flank, or rear, as circumstances may require.

4. The two corps commanders holding the intrenchments will reduce the number of troops holding them to the lowest possible, placing every man not required to complete the line of fire of the front line in reserve in the rear. These troops in reserve will be held prepared for any emergency, the corps commanders keeping in view the contingency of a movement of the enemy on our left rear.

Corps commanders will see that the intrenchments are strengthened wherever it is necessary to enable the number of men holding them to be reduced to the lowest number.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 31, 1864-9 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

My troops are now occupying the same position as when ordered to Deep Bottom.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 31, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: No engineer or other officer out of my command had anything to do with shortening the line occupied by General Ferrero or

