
Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, under Colonel Lynch, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, all from General Miles' brigade, constituting part of the skirmish line of General Barlow's division, for their gallantry in the capture of the enemy's battery on the morning of the 27th; and the skirmish line of General De Trobriand's brigade, General Mott's division, particularly the Ninety-ninth and One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for good conduct and bravery in their severe action on the right of the battery; and the Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, for gallantry in the reconnaissance of the 28th. The spirit exhibited by the command shows that they are determined to maintain the right reputation they have heretofore acquired. The major-general commanding will not be unmindful of the services of individual officers or soldiers of organizations, and will reward them to the extent of his power.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

July 31, 1864.

On being relieved by the troops of the Fifth Corps, the Second Division will be camped in the woods near the railroad, near its old camp. The brigade of the Third Division, between the Norfolk road and railroad, will return to its former camp when relieved by the Fifth Corps. The corps will be kept in readiness to move at short notice. The picket-lines will probably be relieved this afternoon, and the rifle-pits to-night or in the morning. None of the troops will vacate their position until relieved.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 31, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that everything was very quiet in my front during the night. Nothing of importance transpired.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 31, 1864.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

DEAR GENERAL: I send you a copy of the order* I issued after receiving your note, which, I believe, will meet your views. Should I

---------------

*See Circular, above.

---------------

