
instant were sent thence to Petersburg. Night before last they were ordered to go down to the right of their line, where they were told that their regiment was on picket near the Weldon railroad. They were ordered to rejoin their regiment, but sought an opportunity to escape, which they found this morning. They say that it was currently reported within their lines, both at Richmond and in Petersburg, that General Early was making an invasion of Maryland, with the intention of capturing Washington, having under his command two division of Ewell's corps, Breckinridge's command, and perhaps other forces belonging in the Valley. I judge, from what they say as regards a single regimental organization, that Pickett's division is still lying on the line between the Appomattox and James Rivers. They also say that some convalescents belonging to Battle's brigade, of Rodes' division, were within a few days past sent from Richmond to Petersburg, but there are no indications that their command was at Petersburg or that any troops have passed through Richmond coming from the Valley within the last week or ten days. The convalescents were probably sent to Petersburg, being fit for duty, their own command being too distant to be reached. One of these deserters heard day before yesterday that General Lee had ordered the Weldon railroad to be repaired. He did not hear the order read, but heard it only as a rumor. It is given out to the soldiers that there are six months' supplies in Richmond. All men who are wounded in such a way as to prevent their speedy return to their commands are now being sent from Richmond to hospitals farther south, many of these receiving thirty, forty, and sixty day furloughs. This is looked upon as an indication of a desire to get rid of all consumers possible. These men having been at Petersburg but a very short time give little valuable information concerning our exact front. They say that there is some cavalry on the right of the enemy's line near the lead-works; that other cavalry is strung out down toward the Weldon railroad; that there is a brigade of cavalry on the other side of the river, as they understand near Malvern Hill. They complain of rations being short, but I do not think there is any diminution.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE.

Colonel, &amp;c.

JULY 5, 1864-9 a.m.

Major-General WARREN:

Enemy are erecting a work in rear of main line and directly in front of this station. They have only one face done. This face has two very large embrasures. Cannot see any guns in this work. Large parties of enemy to work on main line. Two of their regimental flags have disappeared.

WARTS.

Lieutenant.

(Same to Captain Fisher.)

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS.

July 5, 1864.

Captain FISHER:

Enemy have been at work all day upon a redoubt in front of this station; shoveling, picking, and bringing rails have been noticed. About

