HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 31, 1864.

General MEADE:

The strength of this corps to-day is about 10,000 men. If we relieve Ord's troops it will be as much as we ought to do considering the strength of the corps, the service it has been on for the past six weeks, and what it went through with yesterday, but we will try to relieve Cutler's division also if no further instructions are received.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 31, 1864-5.45 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

Your dispatch to General Meade is received. The major-general commanding directs me to say that the order for you to relieve the part of General Warren's line held by General Cutler is imperative and cannot be suspended or rescinded.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 31, 1864.

General BURNSIDE:

I have just telegraphed to General Meade that I can get along until to-morrow without the troops of the Eighteenth which you have. I felt the need of some one in reserve after Turner's division left, hence my call for Carr's men.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,July 31, 1864-6 p.m.

General WILLIAMS:

I sent one of my staff to endeavor to make the informal arrangement in regard to relieving the wounded, and if not made to forward the communication to General Lee. He was unable to effect any arrangement beyond supplying water and whisky to the wounded between the lines, and passing whisky into our wounded in their lines. They declined to receive the communication until their general officer could be consulted. Pending the answer a cessation of hostilities on our front took place for about three hours, when the enemy insisted on resuming firing and the flag ceased. There are not more than twenty wounded between the lines. The enemy are to inform us when they have permission to renew the flag and receive the communication.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

