
JULY 31, 1864-11.30 a.m. (Received 12.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Troops of Nineteenth Corps all embarked and boats moving off.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

JULY 31, 1864-10 a.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

It was my intention to comply with the order returning General Kautz and command to Bermuda Hundred, but in the night a division of cavalry was ordered to City Point, and as the enemy have concentrated two divisions of cavalry on my left and rear, I have sanctioned General Sheridan's retaining temporarily General Kautz. He will be sent to you as soon as possible. The question could not be referred to Lieutenant-General Grant, as that officer left City Point last night, and I have just been apprised of General Sheridan's action. If, after this explanation, the exigencies of the service, in your judgment, require General Kautz's immediate return, I will send him back.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

JULY 31, 1864-10.45 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Telegram received. Keep Kautz if you have need of him for the present. I only desired to save him a twenty-mile march after the order for the movement was countermanded. Send him back after your need shall have passed by.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, July 31, 1864.

General RAMSAY,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington:

An order to Captain Mordecai, my chief of ordnance in the field, relieves him and orders him to Watervliet Arsenal. Captain Mordecai is of the utmost necessity here, and I would request that the order may be revoked, if not detrimental to public service. I make this telegram with the assent of Captain Mordecai.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,July 31, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

I have ordered one regiment of colored cavalry to report for duty at Camp Hamilton as guards of the camp of rendezvous at Camp Hamilton, according to your request. I have further directed General Palmer

