
IX. To promote the efficiency of the signal corps in this department, Captain L. B. Norton, chief Signal officer, will forward to Major Eckert, assistant superintendent military telegraph, Washington, D. C., the field telegraph trains and instruments. The horses, wagons, and such other quartermaster or ordnance property as may be needed he will retain for the use of the army in the field.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,July 31, 1864-1 a.m.

Colonel ABBOT:

The siege guns cannot well be sent by artillery teams; they may be wanted at any moment for the field batteries. I have asked Colonel Wainwright and Colonel Monroe to get out all the siege material and part it to await teams. Would it be best to send them to City Point or Broadway Landing? Ask Ingalls for transportation, and if for City Point, whether the railroad could be used to advantage. General Ord has been directed to send such siege artillery as he can spare to City Point. I presume he will provide transportation, but I expect to hear from him on the subject.

H. J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., July 31, 1864-1.30 a.m.

General HUNT,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Everything must come here and not to City Point. It will be impossible to load at the latter. Here everything is ready. The railroad cannot be used. I would much prefer to have the direction of the withdrawal without the aid of Colonel Wainwright and Colonel Monroe, as they know nothing of my facilities and would only confuse. So also with General Ord. I can withdraw myself far better than through other agent not under my orders.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., July 31, 1864-1.35 a.m.

Colonel INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster in Field, City Point:

I am ordered to withdraw large siege material in haste. Please forward if possible eighteen eight-mule teams and sixty wagons with least possible delay to Broadway Landing, and oblige,

Yours, &amp;c.,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

