
report of firing yesterday having been received. I want everything that can possibly be started to-day to be hurried here as soon as possible, the rest without fail early to-night. As soon as everything is removed from a battery the company will report here. All guns will be accompanies by a strong detail, with guides familiar with the road. I will send back two mortar wagons for the remaining 10-inch mortars as soon as possible. Advise me by telegraph of anything you may want, and of your progress. See Colonel Wainwright, of Warren's staff, and get the Coehorns if General Hunt has so ordered, six of them with ammunition; it will take, say, six wagons. I sent them to him night before last.

Your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel, Commanding.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., July 31, 1864-7.30 a.m.

General HUNT,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Have sent last night about enough wagons to remove the heavy mortars on Warren's front, except two mortars without ammunition, which must wait the return of the mortar wagons. Have another train about starting, of sixty wagons with eighteen mule teams, which will remove all the heavy artillery with Army of the Potomac as soon as it can be loaded. Have received seven Parrott guns and ammunition complete from General Ord. Please notify me whether the six Coehorns sent Colonel Wainwright have been ordered to me.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

MEMORANDUM.-Guns from Fort Hell arrived 8.30 a.m. Colonel White, with twelve teams and forty-five wagons, started for Army of the Potomac 8.45 a.m.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., July 31, 1864-9 a.m.

Colonel PIPER,

Chief of Artillery, Eighteenth Corps:

The seven Parrotts have arrived safely with their ammunition. I can send any amount of wagons for the rest of the siege material if required. Please notify me what it is contemplated to send to rear. If Dow's guns are coming please send them with light artillery horses if possible; if not, I can supply teams.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 31, 1864.

Colonel ABBOT:

The mortars now here are to remain. It is not yet decided whether Dow's guns are to be moved or to remain. It will take about eleven wagons for the ammunition and material for Dow's guns. Can you

