
WASHINGTON, July 8, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

General Canby telegraphs from New Orleans, July 2, that over 6,000 men would embark that day, and would reach Fort Monroe from the 8th to the 10th; 6,000 more would be ready as soon as transports arrived, and that the whole number to be sent will be 20,000. Ricketts' division arrived at Baltimore and was sent forward to the Monocacy. Dismounted cavalry ordered here for remounts, but none yet arrived. General Sheridan says 2,496 of those sent are sick. If so, we shall have but 500 for the field. Hunter's army moves so slow, and the railroad is so broken up, that I fear he will be took late to give us much aid. Enemy around Maryland Heights, at Hagerstown, Boonsborough, and Middletown, and threatening Frederick. Also, guerrillas at Brookeville, threatening Washington and Baltimore road. There has been considerable alarm in Washington, Baltimore, and Pennsylvania.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., July 8, 1864-7 p. m.

(Received 7.40 a. m. 9th)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Two battalions of the Ninth New York Heavy Artillery are now with the division of troops sent to Baltimore. Order them to Washington. The third battalion will be sent direct to Washington at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 8, 1864-10.15 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There was considerable artillery and musketry firing in front of the Ninth Corps last night, principally the enemy, who seemed to suspect the operations there. Major-General Burnside reports that the enemy's mortars are beginning to annoy him. The work on the redoubt to the left and rear of the Fifth Corps is progressing rapidly. The signal officers report a train of cars with materials as going out of Petersburg this morning on the Weldon railroad toward Reams' Station, and there is no doubt from the report of deserters and refugees that the enemy are repairing this road, their working parties protected by their cavalry force with infantry supports.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, July 8, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE:

Colonel Comstock is going out this morning and will explain to you my idea. If the approaches are made it will be with the view of ultimately making an assault on the enemy's lines, but I have always hoped to go through in General Butler's front so as to carry the north bank of Swift Creek. This, however, cannot be done until the Nineteenth Corps arrives, without giving up too much ground that we have

