HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, July 31, 1864.

Major-General ORD,

Eighteenth Army Corps:

I used the exact language of Lieutenant General U. S. Grant in my dispatch. I have sent your questions to him for his answer.

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General and Acting Chief of Staff.

JULY 31, 1864-10.45 a.m.

General ORD,

Eighteenth Corps:

General Grant says you need not take the Coehorns and mortars from the trenches until further orders.

Respectfully,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,July 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General BURNHAM,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that he desires you to relieve the troops of General Ames' division in the trenches from the road to the river with the brigade he ordered you to hold in readiness for that purpose; this after dark this evening. General Ord also desires me to say that the brigade of your division still on General Burnside's front will be relieved this evening, and he desires you to send the commanding officer word that as soon as relieved he will march his command to the woods near the Beasley house (the same encampment occupied by the reserve brigade of General Stannard's division) and encamp them.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Petersburg, Va., July 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General Burnham, commanding First Division,having been instructed to relieve that portion of the line formerly occupied by the troops of Brigadier-General Stannard, the regiments of this command serving with Colonel Fairchild will, immediately upon being relieved, report to their respective brigade commanders. The line to be occupied by this command will extend from the command of General Burnham on the right to the of General Burnside on the left, and will, under the direction of the brigade commanders, be divided proportionally among the several commands. The front line only will be

