
already fought for. This would make no difference, except in case of failure to get through to Swift Creek. The advantage of commencing our regular approaches on your front now would simply be that we would be that far advanced if we were compelled at last to advance in that way, and it would tend to divert the enemy from the proposed advance in General Butler's front. We ought by all means to cut the Weldon road so as to make it useless to enemy. I think Wright's two divisions should take the place of Hancock's corps, and the latter should support the cavalry whilst it destroys the road down as far as Hicksford. Preparations for this, I think, should be made at once so as to start from your left by the night of the 10th.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, July 8, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The order sending sutlers to the rear issued by me before crossing the Rapidan, has never been rescinded. The objection to permitting them to come to the front is the necessity either of allowing them the use of Government wagons to bring their goods from City Point, or else permitting them to bring their own wagons, thus increasing the animals to be fed and the number of wagons using the roads, some three or four hundred. Another objection is the uncertainty of our position and the difficulty of getting rid of them in the event of a sudden movement. Situated as I am I neither feel that I have the full authority to act in this matter, nor the proper information to enable me to act advisedly without a reference to you. I would therefore be glad to have your idea upon this point. There are many articles only to be procured from the sutlers, which are necessary to the men's comfort and which they are now in want of, and I think it would be well to let the sutlers come up, if it is practicable.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., July 8, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

You are authorized to use your own judgment about allowing sutlers with the army, and the manner of getting their goods to the front.

U. S. GRANT.

CITY POINT, VA., July 8, 1864-5.10 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &c.:

Was there any heavy artillery regiment in the division sent north under General Ricketts? If not one will have to be sent to Washington without delay. There are no troops in the trenches about Washington who know anything about artillery, and I have now received two dispatches to return one of the heavy artillery regiments.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

