
their regular pay, rations, and allowances. For services rendered anterior to this date, and for which payment has been delayed, they will be allowed $2 per day and their regular pay and communication for rations and allowances.

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 7, 1864.

General PENDLETON,

Chief of Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: Your directions in reference to collecting shells I will have carried out at once. We have already procured some suitable for the mortars. I write principally to call your attention to the fact that there are a large number in the vicinity of General Pickett's line, and as all is reported quiet there there would be no difficulty in collecting them. I had some gathered while there; many of them 30-pounder Parrotts, which would be especially valuable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK HUGER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Artillery.

CHAFFIN'S FARM, July 7, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state for the information of the general commanding, in reference to his communication of the 4th instant, that Colonel Duke's regiment of reserves has been ordered to Richmond, one portion guarding the bridge over the South Anna, and the balance absorbed in escorting Federal prisoners to other parts and guarding those that daily accumulate. The Local Defense have been withdrawn to their civil occupations, leaving for defense of intrenchments here and below the Sixtieth Alabama and Twenty-fifth Virginia Battalion, Gary's cavalry brigade, and the artillery under Lieutenant-Colonel Pemberton and Colonel Carter. Of this Gary's command is so scattered that it could not be used in time to resist a sudden attack on this line.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND S. VA.,Numbers 40. July 7, 1864.

* * * * * *

II. Johnson's old brigade is relieved from duty in Johnson's division and will proceed to the north bank of the James River and report to Lieutenant-General Ewell, to relive the Sixtieth Alabama Regiment, Gracie's brigade, now at New Market Hill. The brigade will cross the river on the pontoon bridge below Drewry's Bluff.

* * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

