
between the lines of the two armies as you may designate. The object of the meeting is legitimate with Colonel Ould as commissioner. If not consistent for you to great the request here asked, I would beg that this be referred to President Davis for his action.

Requesting as early an answer to this communication as you may find it convenient to make, I subscribe myself, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, July 8, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A servant belonging to Colonel McIntosh, commanding cavalry brigade, was captured on General Wilson's late raid near Stony Creek Depot, and made his escape from the rebel lines a week ago last Thursday. He states that he was taken under guard to Stony Creek Depot and put in with a number of other prisoners, where he remained nearly a day; that while there he was taken before a general officer and examined. He was asked a number of questions relative to the strength and movements of our army, particularly about the strength and organization of Wilson's cavalry. He was told by the soldiers that it was General Ewell. He describes him as being a tall, spare-built man, with heavy mustache and no beard; thinks he had a false leg, as one foot appeared larger than the other. There was a considerable force of cavalry at Stony Creek Depot, and a regiment of infantry, also a large number of wagons. He saw three or four locomotives and trains of cars, some of them loaded with bacon. There is a large warehouse there on the south side of the creek near the railroad, which was filled with grain. Two cannon were placed in it guarding the road crossing, embrasures having been cut through the building, and also loop-holes for musketry. They were fortifying the south side of the creek very strongly, and had extensive rifle-pits all along the bank of the stream. On this side of the creek also were rifle-pits, but not very extensive. Informant is not acquainted with any of the rebel generals except Fitzhugh Lee. He says he saw him there. He is confident that General Ewell was there, but has no means of knowing that it was he other than what the soldiers said. An ignorant negro from James Ennis' farm, near the Weldon railroad, about five miles from Petersburg, came in last night. He says he has been cutting wheat and taking it into Petersburg during the last week. He went into the city last Friday and returned to Mr. Ennis' place Wednesday. Ennis lives in Petersburg and is storing his wheat there. He says they are repairing the Weldon railroad, and trains run out and back morning and night, with the workmen. He understands there is a considerable force of cavalry and infantry at Colonel Wyatt's place, some three miles below Ennis'. He met small parties of soldiers on his road to Petersburg going backward and forward. He went in on the Halifax road, which runs along the railroad, which is regularly patrolled. He is unintelligent, and can give no definite information of what he saw in Petersburg. A deserter from the First Confederate Battalion, of Davis' brigade, Heth's division, came into our lines about 6 o'clock this morning. He was forwarded from the Third Division of the Second Corps. He is an

