
shall be published and preserved in the archives of the Department on the roll of honor, for the grateful appreciation and future emulation of their admiring countrymen.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND S. VA., July 10, 1864.

No. 43.

*			*			*			*			*

III. Major General D. H. Hill is appointed inspector of the trenches on the staff of General Beuaregard and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. He is charged especially with the duty of superintending the due execution of the instructions contained in General Orders, No. 16, from these headquarters.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of General Beuaregard:

JNumbers M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WILMINGTON, N. C., July 10, 1864.

General HOLMES,

Weldon:

I have information from the front of another raid about taking place. Please send Armistead to Kenansville. I have ordered up Beazley's company of cavalry to re-enforce Morris. This is all I can do. Was obliged to help Jones to fullest extent. My scout is generally correct.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

HDQRS. THIRD MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF N. C. AND S. VA., Wilmington, July 10, 1864.

Captain P. A. S. MORRIS,

Commanding Cavalry, Richland:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that he has information indicating another raid by the enemy, and to direct that you at once re-establish the picket at Smith's Mills, place a post at Mrs. Maddox's, throwing scouts across the White Oak on foot at that point, instructing them to conceal themselves and never remain more than two hours at a time at one place, and that you cut away or otherwise destroy the bridge by which the enemy crossed artillery below Smith's Mills on their recent raid; also all the foot logs in the river, and establish a post on the bank of the river between Smith's Mills and Maddox's, say about three miles below Smith's Mills. No bridge can then be thrown across the river without the knowledge of this picket. The general further directs that you take up position with your reserves at the nearest available point for defense, say Big Northeast, strengthening the position if time will permit, so as to hold the

