
be able to attack him to advantage, and if I cannot I think it would be well to re-enforce General Early. In that way it would oblige him further to diminish his force.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 161. Richmond, Va., July 11, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

II. The seven Georgia companies belonging to the Sixty-second Georgia Regiment, with Companies A, B, and C of Millen's [Georgia] battalion, hereby transferred, are organized into and will constitute the Eighth Regiment of Georgia Cavalry, to the command of which Colonel J. R. Griffin is hereby assigned. The offices of lieutenant-colonel and major will be filled by promotion according to seniority.

III. The three Alabama companies known as Love's [Alabama] battalion, and Company D of Millen's [Georgia] battalion, are hereby assigned to the Jeff. Davis Legion, cavalry, which will hereafter consist of three squadrons, to wit: The five Alabama companies will constitute the first squadron and will be commanded by a major. The three Mississippi companies will constitute the second squadron and will be commmanded by a major. The third squadron will consist of the two Georgia companies, under command of the senior captain.

IV. The Eleventh Company of Cobb's Legion of cavalry, Captain Eve, is hereby transferred to and will form a part of the Phillips Legion [Georgia], cavalry.

V. The first ten companies of Cobb's Legion, cavalry, will constitute the Ninth Regiment Georgia Cavalry, to the command of which Colonel G. J. Wright is hereby assigned.

VI. Companies A and B of the Twelfth North Carolina Battalion are hereby transferred to and will form a part of the Fourth North Carolina Cavalry [Fifty-ninth Regiment].

VII. The seven Georgia companies now belonging to the Seventh Confederate Regiment, with Companies E. F, and G of Millen's [Georgia] battalion, which are hereby transferred thereto, will constitute the Tenth Regiment Georgia Cavalry, with the following field officers: Colonel V. H. Taliaferro, Lieutenant Colonel T. D. Claiborne, Major J. H. Sikes.

VIII. The five North Carolina companies of the Seventh Confederate Regiment, the three North Carolina companies of the Sixty-second Georgia Regiment, and Company C of the Twelfth North Carolina Battalion will constitute the Sixteenth Battalion North Carolina Cavalry, to the command of which Lieutenant Colonel John T. Kennedy is hereby assigned.

IX. The Ninth Regiment Georgia Cavalry, Colonel Wright; the Jeff. Davis Legion, cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Waring; the Seventh Regiment Georgia Cavalry, Colonel-, and the Tenth Regiment Georgia Cavalry, Colonel Taliaferro, will constitute the cavalry brigade of Brigadier-General Young.

X. The cavalry brigade of Brigadier-General Dearing will hereafter be composed of the following commands: Eighth Regiment Georgia Cavalry, Colonel Griffin; Fourth Regiment North Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Ferebee; Sixty-fifth Regiment North Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Folk; Sixteenth Battalion North Carolina Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Kennedy.

