
XI. The Phillips Legion [Georgia] Cavalry, is hereby assigned to and will constitute a part of the cavalry brigade commanded by Brigadier General M. W. Gary.

*			*			*			*			*

XXIII. Captain Mallory P. King, assistant adjutant-general, will report to Major General L. McLaws, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to duty.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 11, 1864.-For Lee to Early, see Vol. XXXVII, Part II, p. 595.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: In your note of July 9 you mention that very good places have been found on the north side of the river for putting torpedoes in the James. I have been anxious for some time to accomplish this, and sent Captain E. P. Bryan, of General Beauregard's staff, who had been very successful in Florida, to sow as many as practicable. He reported to General Rains, by order of the Secretary of War, but found that the general had no boats nor oars, and his department was not well supplied with other conveniences. He found that the Navy Department had boats, oars, and men, but he could obtain but few of these men and no boats suitable for the purpose. There seemed to be some conflict of authority between the subterra and the submarine departments, which caused such delay and difficulties that General Beauregard instructed Captain Bryan to stop his proceedings for the present. He accordingly left his sensitive torpedoes at Chaffin's Bluff and returned to this point. By obtaining from the Navy Department the requisite material and operating at once with expedition and secrecy much might be accomplished. A large number of torpedoes placed now in the river might create great consternation among the transports plying daily and nightly to and from City Point. I hope you will be able to overcome the various difficulties in the way and proceed at once with the work. If you need Captain Bryan he can be sent to you. It matters little which department wins the credit, provided the work is well done.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 11, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: In answer to the letters of the 9th and 4th instant from the general commanding I would state that if there were a likelihood that the two brigades of Wilcox's division in question were to be moved

