
it might be as well to replace the Local Defense troops, relieved, I believe, by order of the commanding general. I will endeavor to make the best arrangements in my power to provide for the contingency. I am trying to send off the Federal and Confederate prisoners in order to relieve as many guards as possible. Please notify me if the Local Defense will be turned out without further developments of the enemy. It is attended with much inconvenience. I will return to Chaffin's this afternoon.

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., July 11, 1864.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: There are several hundred Confederate prisoners confined in Castle Thunder to great inconvenience both as regards rations and guards. Many of these men from the Army of Northern Virginia are without charges, some having been confined for months. A complete list was sent to Major Bridgford, provost-marshal, Army of Northern Virginia, a few days since. It is stated that some of the men without charges are confined at the instance of regimental officers who still have the necessary papers. I would submit the question to the general commanding whether it would not be best such of these men as it may be unadvisable to pardon to Salisbury, N. C.: to send in future such as Major Bridgford may not be able to guard himself to the same place. This would give me more troops for the defense of the city. If the same rule were adopted with regard to Federal prisoners the relief would be important.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 11, 1864.

Lieutenant POSTELL:

Colonel Goode reports to me that Lieutenant Welch has stated to him that there is no engineer for his line. I distinctly understood that Lieutenant Welch had charge of the left of the line-Wise's brigade, commanded by Colonel Goode. Colonel Goode reports his men much exposed on his right to the fire from enemy's mortars. I beg that he may be properly instructed and aided to build bombproofs. I would also suggest that more mortar batteries be constructed to protect this part of the line, and that a listening gallery should be run from the right of Wise's brigade to ascertain if the enemy are mining. Colonel Goode will furnish facts connected with this matter.

Respectfully,B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

