
as being a first, second, or third class artillery or wagon horse or mule, whether the parties appeal to our board or not; and the impressing agents and officers should forthwith call on all of those persons of whom they impressed horses or mules and propose a settlement upon the foregoing basis; but allowing to each person only such prices as first, second, and third class artillery or wagon horses or mules may have been estimated at by the local or county appraisers, assuming our average appraisement of $600 as a fair medium valuation. This, then, would allow a maximum price of $800 and a minimum price of $400, making $600 the average price, thus allowing more for the first-class horses or mules, and proportionately less for the inferior, as they may fall below the grade of first-class, payment of whatever amount awarded to be made in the new issue of Treasury notes.

The impressing officers in those instances where there are no arbitrators or local appraisements for horses or mules impressed should in all such cases themselves reestimate the value of horses or mules thus impressed, and allow in each case such additional compensation as would, within the limits of our schedule rates, appear just and proper. But if this revaluation and settlement any person should not be satisfied, the party could then appeal to our board and have the case reconsidered.

The next meeting of this board will be held at the Ballard House, in Richmond, at 12 m. September 6, 1864, unless sooner convened by notice.

All appeals and communications should be addressed to D. Saunders Chilton, secretary of the Board of Commissioners of Appeals for the State of Virginia, Richmond, Va.

E. W. HUBBARD,

ROBT. GIBBONEY,

WM. B. HARRISON,

Commissioners of Appraisement for Virginia.

By command of the Secretary of War:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MATHIAS POINT, July 12, 1864.

Captain W. N. BARKER,

C. S. Signal Corps:

DEAR SIR: I crossed the river to-night for the mail, but got none. The agent informed me that none came down; he also informed me that our forces occupied the following points on the railroad between Washington and Baltimore-Relay House, Annapolis Junction, Laurel Factory-and this accounts for no mail. Yesterday and to-day thirty large steamers loaded with troops have gone up the Potomac River, and I think several passed up last night and to-night with troops also. The agent also informed me that full as many have gone up the bay to Baltimore. The most of the steamers were large ocean steamers, and were crowded with men. I am watching the river closely, and will keep you posted with all movements of troops. I will cross the river on Thursday night and will leave for Richmond on Friday morning. Wilson will come with me.

Very respectfully.

C. H. CAWOOD,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps.

[Forwarded to General Bragg.]
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 12, 1864-12 m.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The enemy continues to shell the part of the line occupied by Wise's brigade, and will, I fear, seriously damage it. I would respectfully

49 R R-VOL XL, PT III

