
this regiment, did me the honor to present these flags to me and I write to ask what disposition is to be made of them. If it is not necessary to place them in the War Office it would give me great pleasure to retain them.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 16, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The captured flags are the property of the Confederate States and should be turned in to be forwarded to the Department. There is no authority vested in the commanding general to make any other disposition of them.

By order of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 13, 1864.

Colonel P. F. FAISON,

Commanding Ransom's Brigade:

COLONEL: You will immediately send from your reserve regiment seventy-five men and three officers and the proper number of non-commissioned officers for fatigue duty, to work on the mortar battery in rear of your headquarters. You will continue to supply the detail until the mortar pits and magazine are completed. The mortar pits are to be six feet deep and the magazine five feet. On yesterday similar orders were sent to you from these headquarters. You will state in writing why these orders have not been complied with, and why there has been no detail from your command on this work to-day. You have expressed a willingness to attend to whatever work was necessary on your line. On yesterday I requested you to give your personal attention to this work; this morning you report that you are unadvised as to its progress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 13, 1864.

Colonel GOODE,Commanding Wise's Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you connect your picket-line, occupied by your skirmishers, in front of the line which the enemy are running to your front. The line should be made continuous as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. FOOTE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

