SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 165. Richmond, July 14, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

XLVII. A board, to be composed of four officers of the army and three officers of the navy, will assemble as promptly as possible, at such place as may be designated by the senior officer, for the purpose of drafting such rules, to be submitted to the President, as will fix uniform rates in all army and navy establishments for the "additional compensation" provided for non-commissioned officers, soldiers, sailors, and marines on detailed service by the second section of the act approved 9th of June, 1864. The schedule of pay will be so arranged as to conform, if practicable, to the rates of expenditure for living in different sections of the country. The board will also submit rules establishing the rates of pay of men detailed to Government contractors under the third section of the act above referred to. The following-named officers of the army are detailed as members of the Board: Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Brown [presiding officer], Lieutenant Colonel A. F. Cone,

Majs. F. F. Jones, John Ellicott.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ENGINEER TROOPS, Petersburg, July 14, 1864.

Lieutenant JOHN POSTELL,

Engineer Corps:

LIEUTENANT: I make the following report of operations in mining: At Colquitt's salient the shaft is completed and the entrance to the gallery marked out. The earth proves very favorable for mining operations. The want of men and some necessary arrangements to carry forward the work rapidly and continuously has prevented me from placing a detachment at work in this salient to-day. The detachment at work last night at Colquitt's and the detachment relieved from Pegram's salient this morning, with the detachments at work at Pegram's to-day, comprise all of my available force. Sixty men will report for duty with my company to-day. To-night I will be able to have full detachments at work in each mine and continue the work night and day. At Pegram's salient the gallery at shaft No. 2 has been finished up and cased for a distance of 10 1/2 feet, and is ready for casing a further distance of 3 1/2 feet, making a total of 14 feet. At shaft No. 1 the gallery is finished and cased, up to 8 p.m. on the 13th, a distance of 7 feet, and a further distance ready for casing of 1 foot, a total of 8 feet. The detachment at work last night on this gallery finished a further distance of 3 feet and ready for casing of 4 feet, a total of 3 feet for the night's work, and a total length of gallery of 11 feet.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge of Mining.

