
NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., July 14, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: At the battle of the Wilderness, May 6, I directed an attack to be made on the enemy's left, by a portion of the troops of the corps under my command and the brigade of Brigadier General William Mahone, to whom as the senior officer of the flanking column was intrusted its immediate direction. The success skill and gallantry displayed in its execution, I respectfully recommend Brigadier-General Mahone for promotion to the rank of major-general. I desire to add that a painful wound received by me on the same day has delayed until now this recommendation, and although still unable to write I conceive it unjust to defer it longer, and beg the privilege of making it by my staff officer.

Your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

By G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant Colonel and A. A. G., 1st Corps, Army of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 14, 1864.

Colonel GOODE,Commanding Wise's Brigade:

COLONEL: Your brigade will be relieved to-night at 8 o'clock by Gracie's brigade, when you will return with your command to the vicinity of Lieutenant Creek in rear of the cemetery. You will report when you are relieved, the incidents on your line since last report, and the condition in which you left the works which you have in hand, such as the connection of rifle-pits in your front, raising parapet across railroad, bombproofs, &amp;c. You will also report what you may know of the progress of the enemy's works, suggesting any improvement that may be continued under proper officers until relieved to-night by General Gracie. You will repair your parapets immediately, and will put a party at work on railroad and raise the parapet there three feet higher. Report by the bearer whether the mortar batteries, opened since Colonel Jones was with you, drew the fire from your line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 166. Richmond, July 15, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

XI. Captain George T. Duffy, of the Invalid Corps, is assigned to duty as commandant of the post at Montgomery, White Sulphur Springs, Va.

