
XIV. Colonel W. R. Gause, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty with the reserve forces on the south side of the lower Rappahannock. He will report to Brigadier-General Kemper, commanding Virginia Reserves.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 15, 1864.

Lieutenant-General ANDERSON,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: General Lee directs me to say that a report from the signal officer represents that the enemy is massing in large force near Hare's house. They appear to come from our right, and also from their rear. The general desires you to be prepared in case of an attack.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES MARSHALL,

Lieutenant Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 15, 1864.

The following regulations and instructions for the government of the engineer troops engaged in mining operations before Petersburg have been adopted by the officer in charge:

First. At the entrance to the shaft a curb of earth will be raised sufficiently high to turn the water during a rain off from the mouth of the shaft.

Second. At the earliest period a windlass and frame will be placed over each shaft and the shafting be extended down the shaft about eight feet or to the bottom, if the nature of the soil makes it necessary.

Third. The frames and sheeting for the galleries will be placed in position as rapidly as the completion of the galleries will justify; as soon as the heading reaches a point about two feet beyond the position of the next frame it should be placed and the sheeting shoved forward into position.

Fifth. Gallery at shaft No. 1 [Pegram's salient] will be carried forward a distance of 20 feet level, thence with a descent of 1 foot in 10 feet. At No. 2, with a fall of 1 foot in 10 feet. Gallery at shaft at Colquitt's salient will after it reaches a point 10 feet from the shaft have a descent of 1 foot in 10 feet.

Sixth. The miners in each gallery will be very careful at intervals of not less than one quarter of an hour to stop work and applying the ear to listen attentively, so as to notice if the enemy are approaching with a mine [by the sound of the pick being heard through the earth], the sound can be heard a considerable distance.

Seventh. As soon as the officer in charge of the mine, or the miner, notices by sound the approach of the enemy he will at once stop work, remain perfectly quiet, and give the information to the officer in charge of the salient.

