
General Johnson's lines. These men, as well as the men of my company, are without a surgeon. I would therefore request that a surgeon be in attendance at this camp daily.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge of Mining, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 15, 1864-9.25 a.m.

Colonel FAISON,Commanding Ransom's Brigade:

COLONEL: The covered way leading from your left to the railroad is still incomplete and insecure. You will immediately send a detail to increase the depth of the covered way or to run it out more to the left, so as to make a secure passage-way. The working parties can be concealed by bushes perhaps.

Respectfully, &c.,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 167. Richmond, July 16, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

XVI. Brigadier General J. A. Walker, Provisional Army, C. S., will assume command of the line of railroad between Richmond and Danville, to take effect July 8, 1864. He will establish his headquarters at such point on the railroad as he may select.

*			*			*			*			*

XLV. Major James H. Alexander, assistant adjutant-general, will remain on duty with Major General J. F. Gilmer, Chief of Engineer Bureau in Richmond, until further orders.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 16, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,

Engineer Corps:

COLONEL: At Colquitt's salient the gallery was driven forward to a point 10 feet from the entrance at 8 p.m. on the 15th; was driven an additional distance of 4 1/2 feet last night, making a total distance of 14 1/2 feet, and a distance of 9 1/2 feet for the day's work. The salient was shelled very severely yesterday afternoon. I have instructed the officer in charge of the working detachment to-day to deposit his waste material near and around the mouth of the shaft so that it can be removed back at night, as this point is exposed to the view of the enemy's lines. At Pegram's salient, in mine No. 1, the gallery has been driven forward to a point 24 feet 6 inches from the entrance. The

