
day detachment made a distance of 4 feet 6 inches, and the night detachment of 4 feet, a total 8 feet 6 inches in twenty-four hours. In mine No. 2 a total distance has been made in the gallery of 25 feet 6 inches, a distance of 5 feet 6 inches for the day's work. The detachment at work in this gallery was exchanged on the morning of the 15th and transferred to mine No. 1, the miners and assistants of this detachment having more experience, and the night detachments at work at No. 2 were reduced to increase the strength of the detachment at No. 1, as this last is considered the most important mine. A total distance in mining has been made in the past twenty-four hours of 23 1/2 feet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining Operations.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, July 16, 1864-9 p.m.

Colonel McAFEE,Commanding Ransom's Brigade:

COLONEL: Should General Gracie's brigade fire a volley at any time on the enemy's works in front of his right that part of your line in vicinity of Colonel Faison's headquarters and as far to the right as practicable will fire a few rounds on the same front. It is believed that a concentrated fire on this part of the enemy's advanced works will render it untenable, as we can obtain a cross-fire from both flanks and a direct fire from Gracie's right upon it; at short range, such as you have for some parts of your line upon this work, guns loaded with two bullets would perhaps have a telling effect, as the balls on their descending curve would drop into their trenches. In the general volley proposed above please notify the artillery on your line that I wish them to join so far as their guns will bear on the part of the enemy's line designated, and extend this notice to mortar batteries on your line.

I am, colonel, respectfully, &amp;c.,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

CAMP ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 17, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,

Chief Engineer, &c.:

COLONEL: At Colquitt's salient the gallery was driven forward to a point 20 feet 4 inches from the entrance at 8 p.m. on the 16th, was driven an additional distance of 5 feet 3 inches last night, making a total distance of 25 feet 7 inches, and a distance of 11 feet 1 inch for the day's work. At Pegram's salient, in mine No. 1, the gallery has been driven forward to a point 31 feet from the entrance. The day detachment made a distance of 3 feet 6 inches, and the night detachment of 3 feet, a total of 6 feet 6 inches in twenty-four hours. In mine No. 2 a total distance has been made in the gallery of 30 feet 2 inches, a distance of 4 feet 8 inches for the day's work. The detachment at work in this mine was reduced to increase the strength of the detachment at work in mine No. 1, my present force not being sufficient to form six full detachments from the number required to work the mines. A total

