
distance in mining has been made in the past twenty-four hours of 22 feet 3 inches. Inclosed find papers* marked Nos.1 and 2: No. 1, organization of the engineer troops for mining operations, and No. 2 regulations and instructions for the government of engineer troops in mining operations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining, &amp;c.

CAMP ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 18, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,

Chief Engineers, &c.:

COLONEL: At Pegram's salient mine No. 1 was extended up to 8 p.m. on the 17th 4 feet, by the night detachment an additional distance of 4 feet, a total distance of 8 feet for the day's work, and a total distance of 39 feet from the entrance. At mine No. 2 extended up to 8 p.m. on the 17th 3 feet 6 inches, and by the night detachment 2 feet, a total distance of 35 feet 8 inches from the entrance. At Colquitt's salient the gallery was extended up to 8 p.m. on the 17th 6 feet 8 inches, and by the night detachment an additional distance of 3 feet, a total of 9 feet 8 inches for the day's work, and a total distance of 35 feet 3 inches from the entrance. The accumulation of material during the day at this mine, which had to be removed at night, caused the less distance that was made in this gallery by the night detachment. A total distance for the day's work was made at all the mines of 23 feet 2 inches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, engineer Troops, in Charge of Mining, &c.

RICHMOND, VA., July 18, 1864.

General T. H. HOLMES,

Weldon, N. C.:

You are relieved of command at Weldon. Resume command of North Carolina Reserve Corps.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, July 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I inclose for the information of the Department a copy of an order which the enemy has endeavored to circulate among our troops with the view of encouraging desertion. I believe that the disposition of his own men to desert is great, and that it is in a measure restrained by the difficulty they experience in getting home. I have

---------------

*See pp.776,777.

---------------

