
men are working night and day without cessation, and are constantly exposed to the weather and the dampness arising from the ground incident to mining operations. I think that the work would be facilitated and the men benefitted if a moderate whisky ration were issued to them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Commanding Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS, July 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Your order of the 16th instant deciding that "the captured flags are the property of the Confederate States and should be turned in to be forwarded to the Department," has just been received. In accordance with that order I have the honor to turn in the two accompanying flags.

Very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, July 20, 1864.

I consider Colonel Beale had no authority to present to General Hampton the colors in question, nor have I authority to confirm his gift. They are therefore forwarded to the honorable Secretary of War. I should be gratified, if it is not deemed improper, that the honorable Secretary of War would present them to General Hampton. It would be a worthy compliment to a gallant officer and meritorious patriot.

R. E. LEE,General.

P. S.-I would recommend that an order be issued by the Department prohibiting officers and soldiers into whose hands captured colors fall from presenting them to individuals.

R. E. LEE,

General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN, VA., July 19, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: From many sources of reliable information I am satisfied that there are many desertions from the Federal army. The country in rear of the enemy's lines is filled with them. I am confident that this tendency to desertion could be increased by an order from the War Department, or an Executive proclamation, advising all dissatisfied and drafted persons in that army to come into our lines, where they will be kindly received, furnished with rations, and sent as early as practicable, at the expense of the Confederate Government, to such

50 R R-VOL, PT III

