
can be accomplished than to annoy their transports. If any point could be found, and we could make arrangements at night by preparing working parties and previously conveying the guns, carriages, and platforms within easy reach, so that the guns could be put in position before daylight, we might reasonably anticipate good results. This battery would have to be defended by an infantry force, sheltered by proper intrenchments. If such a point can be found and prepared, and troops for its defense cannot elsewhere be obtained, I must spare them from this army. It is the only way that I know by which we can seriously embarrass the communications of the enemy. Please give me your views on the subject as early as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CAMP ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 20, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,

Chief Engineer, &amp;c.:

COLONEL: At Colquitt's salient the gallery was extended by the day detachment 6 feet, a total distance of 51 feet from the entrance. At Pegram's salient, at mine No. 1, the gallery was extended 1 foot 6 inches, a total distance of 47 feet 6 inches. The frames and sheeting were extended to the end of the excavation. At mine No. 2, extended the gallery 3 feet 2 inches, a total distance of 41 feet from the entrance, and a distance for the day's work of 10 feet 8 inches. In consequence of the rain filling the trenches with water and mud, making it nearly impossible for the men to move the waste material to the soil banks, and retarding the mining operations, the night detachments were relieved from duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining, &c.

WILMINGTON, July 20, 1864.

Hon. JAMES A. SEDDON:

I will endeavor to avoid all conflict with State. The guard Governor Vance proposes will be welcome if composed of better material than his salt-makers. This work ought to be done by negroes, who could be better controlled, instead of by 200 or 300 able-bodied white men.

W. H. C. WHITING,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 21, 1864.

Governor VANCE:

General Whiting will accept the offer made by you of a guard at the State salt-works, near Wilmington, but urges that the men selected should be of undoubted loyalty.

J. A. S.,

Secretary.

