SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 171. Richmond, July 21, 1864.

I. Major S. F. Pierson, artillery, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty with the reserves of Virginia, and will report to Brigadier General J. L. Kemper, commanding, &amp;c., in this city.

*			*			*			*			*

XXXIX. Captain C. W. Hardy, assistant quartermaster, is relieved from duty with the artillery ordnance train of the Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia, and is assigned to duty with Major R. C. Saunders, quartermaster, &c., Forest Depot, Bedford County, Va.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 21, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,

Chief of Engineer, &c.:

COLONEL: At Colquitt's salient the gallery was extended by the day detachment 5 feet; had to remove water that had dripped into the gallery, and placed four frames and accompanying sheeting. The night detachment extended this gallery 2 feet, making a total distance for the day's work of 7 feet, and a total length of the gallery of 58 feet 3 inches. This gallery has now reached a point supposed to be about 40 feet in advance of the outer slope of the parapet and nearly under or slightly in advance of our picket rifle-pits. The officer in charge of the night detachment reports that between 9 and 10 o'clock last night he heard picking; supposed at first it was pickets in the rifle-pits, clearing them out; made inquiries and found they had not used picks or shovels, and supposed the sound proceeded from the enemy's workmen in front of our works. After half an hour-our party having stopped work-the sound ceased and was not again hear; it is quite doubtful whether this sound proceeded from the enemy's miners at work on our front. The water continues to accumulate in this gallery. I have ordered its extension to be stopped, and a gallery to branch off from its end to the left as the sound seems to be to the left of our mine. At Pegram's salient, at mine No. 1, the gallery was extended by the day detachment 5 feet 2 inches; total distance from the entrance to the back 51 feet 8 inches. The framing extended 46 feet 6 inches, extended by the night detachment 3 feet 10 inches, a total distance for the day's work of 9 feet, and a total distance of 55 feet 6 inches from the entrance. At mine No. 2 length driven by the day detachment 3 feet 3 inches, to a point 44 feet 5 inches from the entrance. Require light at each end of this gallery to work it. The night detachment extended this gallery 2 feet 7 inches, a total distance for the day's work of 5 feet 10 inches, and total length of gallery of 47 feet, 40 feet being timbered. The different detachments made a total distance for the day's work of 21 feet 10 inches. I propose for the purpose of protecting the miners from shells to bomb-proof the mouths of the shafts.

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining, &c.

