
and sheeting. The day detachment extended this gallery 4 feet 8 inches, making a distance of 7 feet 4 inches for the day's work, and a total distance of 65 feet 2 inches from the entrance. At mine No. 2 the night detachment extended the gallery a distance of 50 feet from the entrance, the framing a distance of 46 feet, put in two sets of frames, and drove it 1 foot 2 inches. The day detachment at this mine drove the gallery 4 feet, making a distance of 5 feet 2 inches for the day's work, and a total distance of 54 feet. At Gracie's mine sunk the shaft 6 feet 10 inches below the bottom of the rifle-pit, and a depth of 10 feet below the surface; commenced work on the gallery and extended it 2 feet. The enemy's sap-roller at work last night, also moving to-day about 50 yards in front of our shaft. Made a distance at all the mines of 20 feet 2 inches, and sunk a shaft 6 feet 10 inches, a total distance excavated of 27 feet 2 inches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining, &amp;c.

AUGUSTA, July 22, 1864.

Hon. J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War:

I can return to my command if my services are essential. If they are not, I would prefer to remain in Georgia until my arm is entirely restored.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 22, 1864.

Answer. As you preferred service in Virginia there is no pressing call for your presence. You are always desired, but your recovery is first to be considered.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS, July 22, 1864.

General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of the 20th I will state that I thought it important to have a body of cavalry north of the Virginia Central Railroad, in view of the reported operations of the enemy on the Potomac and the threatening position of Sheridan on the James. I suggested Rosser's brigade, both on account of its reliability and the opportunity it would enjoy, both of communicating with they Valley, gathering fresh horses, its absentees, &c. I dislike to send off any of the cavalry, especially any from your division, and in the uncertainty of what direction the enemy may direct his next expedition it is difficult to know what arrangements will prove most beneficial. I had proposed sending the brigade to Culpeper, where I understand grass is abundant, and where the horses would derive much benefit. I have heard nothing since I last wrote of movements of the enemy in that direction,

