
a staff officer to Colonel Corley to see if any troops can be carried by rail. Colonel Corley has been directed to make arrangements for this if practicable. Let there be no unnecessary delay.

Respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The general says let the troops move by a route so as not to be observed by the enemy, and as rapidly as possible without injury to them.

W. H. T.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Petersburg, July 24, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Upon hearing that the enemy were re-enforcing their troops on the north side of the James River yesterday morning General Kershaw's division was ordered to Chaffin's Bluff. I directed him to assume command of the troops under General Conner, reconnoiter the enemy and ascertain his position, intentions, &c. He informs me that about two brigades intrenched themselves on Tilghman's farm last night and are still working; that it reported that a second pontoon bridge has been constructed south of Bailey's Run, and that the enemy is apparently making a permanent lodgment on both banks of Bailey's Run with a view to future operations. He states that he has disposed of his troops so as to defend the Varina, New Market, and Darbytown roads. My object in sending troops there was to endeavor to dislodge the enemy, drive them across the river, and destroy the bridges, and if practicable I wish this done, and have sent a dispatch to General Kershaw to that effect. We cannot afford to sit down in front of the enemy and allow him to intrench himself wherever he pleases, and I wish you to see if you cannot break him up on the north side of the James River.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

CHAFFIN'S FARM, July 24, 1864- 8 p.m.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: In accordance with General Lee's desires I shall attempt to dislodge the enemy from Bailey's Run. I shall attack them on the south of the run, and if successful will try Deep Bottom. As these operations may develop a counter attack it might be as well that you send to the works here any forces at your disposal. I expect to employ all my troops in these operations, and in the first part of the enterprise they will to some extent uncover the Varina road, though I hope to keep the enemy so well employed that he will hardly be in condition to avail himself of that circumstances, especially as I shall keep up my present line of pickets.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. KERSHAW,

Major-General.

