HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 24, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,Chief Engineer, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: At Colquitt's the night detachment extended the third gallery 2 feet 9 inches, and the day detachment a further distance of 2 feet 5 inches to a point 10 feet 2 inches from the entrance, reduced the size of this gallery to that of a branch gallery, viz, 2 feet 6 inches by 4 feet 6 inches, and extended it 3 feet 6 inches, and a distance for the day's work of 8 feet 8 inches, and a total length of gallery of 13 feet 8 inches. At Pegram's salient, mine No. 1, the night detachment extended the gallery 3 feet 9 inches, the day detachment an additional distance of 3 feet 6 inches, a total distance for the day's work of 7 feet 3 inches, and for the length of gallery Numbers 2 8 feet 10 inches. At mine No. 2 night detachment drove it 2 feet 6 inches, a total distance of 62 feet 6 inches from the shaft. The day detachment commenced gallery No. 2 at right angles to main gallery, and running to the left toward mine No. 1, and extended this gallery 4 feet, a distance of 6 feet 6 inches for the day's work. At Gracie's mine the night detachment made 4 feet 6 inches, the day detachment 5 feet, a total distance of 9 feet 6 inches for the day's work, and a total length of gallery of 17 feet 6 inches; total distance for the day's work at all the mines of 31 feet 11 inches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining, &amp;c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 174. Richmond, July 25, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

XXXVIII. Lieutenant Colonel John S. Saunders, artillery, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to general inspection duty, and will report to Colonel R. H. Chilton, inspector-general, in this city.

*			*			*			*			*

XLV. Major A. C. Avery, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional Army, C. S., is assigned to duty in the District of Western North Carolina. He will report for orders to Lieutenant General T. H. Holmes, Provisional Army, C. S.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, July 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: Within the present month an order has passed through this office announcing the promotion of Major Moseley, of the First Regiment Virginia Artillery, to be lieutenant-colonel of artillery, and a special order from army headquarters, directing Lieutenant-Colonel

