HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 25, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,Chief Engineer, Army Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: At Pegram's, mine No. 1, the night detachment drove the side gallery 3 feet 4 inches, a total distance of 12 feet 2 inches. At mine No. 2 the night detachment drove side gallery 2 feet 2 inches, a total distance of 6 feet 2 inches for the work at this gallery, and a total distance for the day's work at Pegram's mine of 5 feet 6 inches. The men above ground had to stop work at 1 o'clock, in consequence of the severe rain filling the trenches with water and making the ground so slippery that the men could not keep their foothold. The day detachments were engaged in putting in the frames and sheeting squaring and dressing up the work, the condition of the trenches and parapets not allowing the men to work at removing material from the mines. At Colquitt's mine the night detachment extended the third gallery a distance of 4 feet 5 inches, the day detachment extended this gallery 5 feet 4 inches, a distance for the day's work of 9 feet 9 inches, and a total length of this gallery of 22 feet 6 inches. At Gracie's mine the night detachment extended the gallery 3 feet 2 inches, the day detachment a distance of 2 feet 8 inches, a total distance for the day's work of 5 feet 8 inches, and a total length of the gallery of 23 feet 4 inches; a distance for the day's work at all the mines of 21 feet 1 inch. The rain interrupted the work at Colquitt's and Gracie's mines, the day detachment being principally engaged in dressing up the work and clearing out the mud and water.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining, &amp;c.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN, VA., July 25, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication of General Braxton Bragg, dated May 30, 1864, inclosing four papers in relation to the orders given Colonel Baker, Third North Carolina Cavalry, to report to Richmond.* On this letter is an indorsement of the honorable Secretary of War directing its reference to me, "that an opportunity may be afforded for such remarks as he may deem appropriate in explanation." These communications were not received at these headquarters until the 24th instant. General Bragg in his communication had declared that the Third North Carolina "was detained for three weeks without the shadow of authority." and that by delays occasioned by "unauthorized assumptions in the recent movements of troops" the safety of the capital had been jeopardied. I beg leave respectfully to reply that on the 25th of April General Bragg authorized me to detain Baker's cavalry until the New Berne expedition should be completed, or until it should be relieved by another. The New Berne expedition was terminated on the 6th of May, and Colonel Baker, with his command, started immediately to Weldon, which he reached on the 10th, and thence, with a portion of his command, reached

---------------

*Bragg's letter and its inclosures follow this communication.

---------------

51 R R-VOL XL, PT III

