
addressed to him from these headquarters; second, copy of telegram to General Beauregard of April 25, 1864; third, duplicate copy of telegram of 21st instant from General Beauregard to Adjutant and Inspector General. The first is an explanation in part [and very unsatisfactory] of the detention of one of the cavalry regiments ordered to the Army of Northern Virginia. Reports concerning other regiments likewise delayed are equally unsatisfactory. For three weeks after Fourth North Carolina joined, the Third North Carolina, which it was to relieve, was detained without the shadow of authority. Indeed, there was no authority for the detention without being relieved by other troops after the recall of the New Berne expedition. Much more rigor in the enforcement of orders is absolutely necessary. The authorized assumption by which the recent movements of troops have been delayed should receive some decided notice. The safety of the capital has been endangered thereby, and the censure has all fallen on the Department, instead of on the delinquent insubordinate.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

P. S.- I accidentally omitted to note above copy telegram of 25th instant from General Dearing among the inclosures.

B. B.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 31, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

JUNE 9, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

For reference to General Beauregard, that an opportunity may be afforded for such remarks as he may deem appropriate in explanation.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, June 29, 1864.

Respectfully referred through General R. E. Lee to General Beauregard.

By order Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, July 28, 1864.

Respectfully returned with the explanation of General Beauregard, which satisfactorily explains the detention of Colonel Baker's regiment. I hope no court will be considered necessary.

R. E. LEE,General.

