
[Sub-inclosure No. 1.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD NORTH CAROLINA CAVALRY, Richmond and Petersburg Turnpike, May 23, 1864.

Colonel SALE,Military Secretary:

SIR: In pursuance of an order received of General Bragg, I have the honor to make the following report with regard to the detention of my regiment in North Carolina:

Special Orders, No. 94, paragraph XXX, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, April 22, 1864, was received with the following indorsement by General Beauregard:

HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTH CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VIRGINIA, Camp near Weldon, April 24, 1864.

The Third Regiment North Carolina Cavalry will make the necessary preparations for the movement herein directed, but will not march as directed until further orders from these headquarters are received.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

On May 3, by order of Brigadier-General Walker, I proceeded with my regiment in the direction of New Berne. On the 6th I received orders from General Dearing, then commanding all the cavalry around New Berne, to return to my camp near Kinston, which place I reached on the evening of the 7th. Early on the morning of the 8th I started by highway for Weldon by order of General Hoke, which place I reached on the evening of the 10th, traveling over thirty miles per day. By orders from General Dearing I started from Garysburg early on the 11th, reaching Petersburg on the 13th. On the 14th General Beauregard ordered me to accompany him with my regiment to Drewry's Bluff, which place I reached on the 15th. After the battle of the 15th I was ordered to do picket duty on James River, where I remained until I received the following order from General Beauregard:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA, AND SOUTHERN, VA.

No. 10. May 21, 1864.

IV. The Fourth North Carolina Cavalry, Colonel Ferebee, having reported pursuant to instructions, will proceed at once to Finley's house and relieve the Third North Carolina Cavalry, which regiment, upon being relieved, will proceed as ordered under date of April 22, 1864, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office. Colonel Baker, Third North Carolina Cavalry, will furnish Colonel Ferebee with all the necessary information and instructions from these headquarters that may be deemed essential for guarding and protecting the left flank of the forces.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNumbers M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

As my pickets and couriers off on duty did not return until 12 p.m. that night, I started at 3 a.m. this morning and reported to General Bragg.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. BAKER,

Colonel Third North Carolina Cavalry.

