
XLIX. So much of paragraph VIII, Special Orders, No. 114, current series, as refers to Brigadier General F. T. Nicholls, Provisional Army, C. S., and paragraph XIV, Special Orders, No. 117, current series, referring to Colonel R. E. Burke, of Second Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, are hereby revoked, and Brigadier-General Nicholls and Colonel Burke are assigned to duty with General E. K. Smith, commanding, &amp;c., Shreveport, La.

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 27, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,Chief Engineer, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: The night detachment at Pegram's, mine No. 1, drove the gallery 3 feet 7 inches. At mine Numbers 2 drove the gallery 2 feet 3 inches with one relief. The day detachment at mine No. 1 drove the gallery 3 feet 2 inches, the total length of the second gallery being 23 feet 6 inches. At mine No. 2 drove the gallery 3 feet 1 inch, total length 15 feet. Total distance for the day's work 12 feet 1 inch. At Colquitt's salient the night detachment extended the gallery 3 feet. The day detachment an additional of 6 feet 6 inches, the total length of this gallery 16 feet. At Gracie's mine a covered way has been opened by the night detachments leading from the advance to the main line, and the parapet of the main line has been tunneled so as to allow a safe passage way between the two lines. A total distance tunneled for all the mines to this date of 321 feet 7 inches. Had one of the engineer troops wounded at Gracie's mine last night; two men have been wounded at Pegram's, mine No. 2.

Very respectfully, &c.,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, &c.

NEW MARKET, July 27, 1864-10 a.m.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: The enemy drove back the troops of General Kershaw this morning and took four pieces of artillery. Prisoners have been taken from Hancock's corps to-day. Yesterday prisoners were taken from the Nineteenth and Tenth Corps. Twenty-two pieces of artillery crossed last night to the north side of the river. Our line extends from New Market toward White Oak Swamp, the right resting near the Chaffin farm. It may be advisable to send the Local Defense troops to Chaffin's farm to hold the intrenched camp. An artillery battalion of infantry has been ordered to that line, and I do not think affairs are imminent yet; nor do I know the amount of inconvenience in ordering out the Local Defense. General Lee was notified by General Kershaw.

Respectfully, &c.,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-Our losses small.

