HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, Near Petersburg, Va., July 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. HUGER,Acting Chief of Artillery:

An examination of the line yesterday by the lieutenant general commanding led to the belief that the protection for your guns is not sufficiently strong. They are much too thin to resist the effect of the heavy guns that we may expect will be brought to bear on them. The lieutenant-general commanding desires, therefore, that you will at once proceed to have more earth thrown up, and the parapet made thicker. At present the infantry are too closely and incessantly occupied to give you any assistance. You must put every available artillerist at work on the gun-pits, and make your positions ready for a stubborn and successful defense. General Anderson desires that you will make to him every morning a written report of the condition of affairs on the line with reference to the artillery. You will note the progress of work in these reports, any change or movement in the enemy's position or intentions, and such work as you may discover in progress with him. Report also such casualties or desertions as may occur, and give generally any information that may be useful or of interest.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. SORREL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY DEFENSES, Aiken's House, July 27, 1864.

General R. S. EWELL:

GENERAL: I have ordered two four-gun batteries of Lightfoot's command to intersection of Mill and Varina roads; one section of the six-gun battery to a point on Colonel Atkinson's present line; the other two sections of same battery to remain where it now is, at intersection of exterior line and New Market road.

Very respectfully,J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, R. Aiken's House, July 27, 1864-11.30 a.m.

General KERSHAW:

GENERAL: There is too much unoccupied line on General Conner's right. Until the troops [Local Defense] can come from Richmond, you will have to draw to your right, still holding New Market Hill, leaving Gary's command on your left until the intrenchments are held as far as the Varina road. I have already ordered the City Battalion and the 700 men of General Pemberton's to fill the interval. General Pemberton's will be here in one hour and a half. Should you already have made dispositions to cover this interval do not let this order interfere with them.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

I have ordered three batteries to this line from the Osborne pike and Mill road.

R. S. E.

