
JULY 27, 1864-12.30 o'clock.

General KERSHAW:

Colonel Atkinson, with 100 men, has taken post on General Conner's right. Direct Colonel Carter to send me a note as to where Colonel Lightfoot's and Major Stark's battalions, of Pemberton's artillery, were ordered. General Pemberton has directed three batteries of Lightfoot's battalion to the line from Conner's right to the lines of Chaffin's farm. This will leave Stark not yet in position [he has two batteries]. You need not change your position much, as you will see the line is re-enforced. Gary ought to feel the enemy's right.

Yours, &amp;c.,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

[JULY 27, 1864.]

General KERSHAW:

Chaffin's Farm:

GENERAL: Your letter of 8 p.m., just received, was the first intimation I have had of the contemplated attack you mention, except, indeed, that before your division was sent over General Conner and myself had discussed the practicability of an attack [General Lee having expressed some desire that one might be made] and had concluded that it was then unadvisable. All the troops under my command who can be spared for your flank of the defenses of Richmond are already there. The Local Defense troops are not under my control in the matter of calling them out, but I will notify their commander of your intention as early as practicable to-morrow. As General Lee recently informed me he would not call them out again until further developments, I think it likely you will have to look mainly to the troops under your own command to defend the approaches to Richmond on your flank. I was taking measures to establish batteries below City Point to command the river in accordance with General Lee's wishes, but will suspend them until the result of your attack is known. You do not mention when it will be made.

I am, &c.,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

[JULY 27, 1864.]

General EWELL:

Colonel Lightfoot's battalion is at the New Market road exterior line of works. Major Stack's battalion is on the exterior line, near the Barton house.

T. H. CARTER,

Colonel, &c.

HEADQUARTERS GARY'S BRIGADE, Darby's Farm, July 27, 1864.

General R. S. EWELL:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I drove the enemy back on the left in great disorder; captured a number of prisoners. I occupied the position that was given up by the left of General Kershaw's

