
line, within fifty yards of Tilghman's gate, when I received the order to withdraw. I have lost several officers, among the number the gallant Lieutenant Hume, of Texas, acting on my staff, mortally wounded; Captain Thomas, wounded twice severely; Lieutenant Nesbit, wounded; Lieutenant Donaldson, severely wounded, of the Hampton Legion; also Lieutenant Cottrell and Lieutenant Deitrick, of the Twenty-fourth Virginia Regiment, both slightly wounded.

M. W. GARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 177. Richmond, July 28, 1864.

*			*			*			*			*

XLIV. So much of paragraph XLIX, Special Orders, Numbers 176, current series, as refers to Brigadier General F. T. Nicholls, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby revoked, and he will proceed to Trans-Mississippi Department and organize therein a bureau for conscript service, of which he is hereby constituted the superintendent.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, THIRD CORPS, July 28, 1864.

General PENDLETON:

GENERAL: The enemy in our front are strengthening their works to such an extent and increasing the number of their guns so that I deem it not advisable to send away a single gun from this side unless your order it. I shall have to move a battery of Pegram's battalion near the salient, leaving our right with nothing in it. I have now to work details of from 40 to 100 men day and night, consequently we want all the men we can keep. General Hill, as you know, has gone north of James River.

Very respectfully,R. L. WALKER,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Third Corps.

[JULY 28, 1864.]

General R. E. LEE:

Gary reports the enemy's cavalry engaged with him at Fisher's farm, on Charles City road. They are also reported at Goodman's. I have ordered that the Local Defense troops occupy that the part of the Richmond fortifications now threatened. General Anderson holds a line by R. Aiken's, the Drill Room, New Market, Mount Holly, [and] Fussell's toward Riddell's Shop, by last accounts. The line needs more troops. The Local Defense would supply what is most needful. Pemberton and some of his cannoneers with muskets were on the line, but have been ordered to Richmond. Two of Sheridan's cavalry were captured on our left. We are unable to watch the pontoon bridges.

R. S. EWELL.

