
DUNN'S HILL, July 28, 1864.

General EWELL:

What is the enemy's force of cavalry? What do you propose to do?

Are you directing operations?

R. E. LEE.

[JULY 28, 1864.]

General R. E. LEE:

I consider myself as directing operations as much as circumstances permit. I infer that the enemy's force of cavalry is formidable. General Anderson has been fighting it and General Gary has sent repeatedly for more troops. I have just returned from near our left. Pemberton has been ordered to Richmond and the right of my line is weak. The enemy have erected batteries in front of New Market and threaten along Four-Mile Run. I have not seen Anderson since late last night, who is on the left. I am about to return.

R. S. EWELL.
HEADQUARTERS, Dunn's Hill, July 28, 1864.

General EWELL:

A division of cavalry is coming. Send a guide to pontoon at Drewry's to guide it to point where needed. Chambliss should be near there by this time.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 28, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,Chief Engineer, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: The night detachment at Pegram's, mine No. 1, extended the gallery 3 feet 6 inches, the day detachment an additional distance of 2 feet 3 inches, a distance for the day's work of 5 feet 9 inches. At mine No. 2 the night detachment extended gallery 1 foot 6 inches, the day detachment extended 2 feet 9 inches, a distance for the day's work of 4 feet 3 inches, length of the second gallery being 18 feet 4 inches. In mine No. 2 bored at end of second gallery [branch to the right] and reached the surface at 9 feet 7 inches; also bored in main gallery at 60 feet from shaft, and reached the surface at 10 feet. At Colquitt's mine the night detachment drove 3 feet, the day detachment 5 feet, a distance for the day's work of 8 feet. At Gracie's mine night detachment drove 1 foot, deepened covered way, &amp;c., the day detachment extended straight gallery 3 feet 6 inches, a total length of 46 feet 6 inches, a distance for the day's work of 7 feet 6 inches; a total at all the mines of 25 feet 6 inches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining, &c.

