SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. N. C. AND S. VA.,No. 59. July 28, 1864.

II. As early after dark as practicable the following movement of troops will be made, to the end that the division of Major-General Field may be relieved from duty in the trenches: First. Colquitt's brigade, of Hoke's division, will report temporarily to Major-General Johnson. Second. Colquitt's and Wise's brigades will immediately take position on the right of the position occupied by Johnson's division and will proceed to occupy the ground to be vacated by Field's division, Major-General Johnson extending his present right so as to aid in the occupation of Field's position. Third. Gracie's brigade, of Johnson's division, will report temporarily to Major-General Hoke, who will then properly occupy the trenches from the Appomattox to Johnson's left. Secrecy and caution should be used and steps taken to have these orders executed without noise. Promptness is required as the troops should all be in their proper positions before the moon rises. Major-General Johnson will confer with Major-General Field for the purpose of carrying out the above orders with the least possible confusion and loss of time.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 178. Richmond, July 29, 1864.

XXII. Major General Arnold Elzey, Provisional Army, C. S., is hereby relieved from the command of the Maryland Line, to which he was assigned by paragraph VII, General Orders, No. 38, current series. Major Charles A. Snowden, quartermaster, and Lieutenant J. McHenry Howard, ordnance officer, are relieved from duty with the Maryland Line, and will report to the chiefs of their respective departments.

XXIII. Leave of absence for thirty days is granted Major General Arnold Elzey, Provisional Army, C. S.

XXIV. In addition to his other duties, Lieutenant Colonel James Howard, commanding Second Division, inner line [of defenses] will establish within the limits of his command a camp for the reception, subsistence, and organization of such Marylanders as may have been or may be transferred to or recruited for the Maryland Line, in accordance with General Orders, No. 38, current series. Captain J. Louis Smith, assistant adjutant-general, will report to Colonel Howard for assignment to the immediate command of the camp. Marylanders transferred as above will, upon their arrival in Richmond, report promptly to the camp to be established in pursuance of these orders.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., July 29, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL:

GENERAL: In compliance with your request, the President has ordered out the local troops, and they will march at once to the points

