
commanded. He apprehends, however, you may not exactly appreciate the character of these troops, who are composed of workmen, employes, detailed men, and clerks of the various departments, and, as they cannot be called out without entailing most serious delays and confusion in all branches of the Government business, are not kept as a force disposable for ordinary service, but only for an emergency involving the safety and actual defense of the city. He has, consequently, requested me to explain this state of things more fully to you, and to urge that they be spared at the earliest time consistent with the actual safety of the city, and be not again invoked unless under such pressing need as their organization contemplates. It is hoped that they may be returned to their duties in some twenty-four or forty-eight hours, as by that time, doubtless, their place can be supplied with more regular troops, and their longer withdrawal will be very embarrassing.

Very truly, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, July 29, 1864-1 p.m. [Received 4.50 p.m.]

General Anderson reports that the enemy have retreated to the Long Bridge road, and now hold the Long Bridge road from Bailey's Run across to Darby's and by Willis' Church.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

DUNN'S HILL, July 29, 1864-11 o'clock. [Received Chaffin's Bluff 12.30 a.m. 30th.]

General R. H. ANDERSON:

Your telegram of 7 o'clock received. It may by intention of enemy to deceive us. Keep the troops you do not use ready to re-enforce Pickett. Where is enemy's cavalry?

R. E. LEE.

DUNN'S HILL, July 29, 1864-4.30 a.m.

General R. H. ANDERSON:

General Fitzburgh Lee will be at pontoon bridge near Drewry's about 11 o'clock this morning. Send a good guide to take him to the point where needed. He will take charge of the cavalry on the north side of James.

R. E. LEE.

GENERAL: This dispatch was opened by General Ewell, who directs me to say that he will send down and inform General Fitz. Lee of where General W. H. F. Lee's cavalry are, and if you will designate the point where you wish General Lee to come, can have him guided to it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. CAMPBELL BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

