HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY DIVISION, July 29, 1864-7 p.m.

Colonel SORREL:

COLONEL: Am at lines on New Market road, and have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of 4.30 p.m. On account of water I will encamp to-night at Laurel Hill Church on this road, with my headquarters near the church. Be kind enough to let me know where General Anderson's headquarters are, where the remainder of the cavalry is on this side of river, where I had better proceed to-morrow, and the situation, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,FITZ. LEE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER TROOPS, Blandford, July 29, 1864.

Colonel W. H. STEVENS,

Chief Engineer, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: At Pegram's salient, mine No. 1, the gallery was extended during the night and day 2 feet 6 inches; total length of gallery Numbers 2 25 feet 8 inches. At mine No. 2 extended by the night detachment 2 feet 8 inches. The day detachment extended this gallery 4 feet, a total length of 24 feet 2 inches; a total distance for the day's work at the two mines of 9 feet 6 inches. At Colquitt's mine the night detachment extended the gallery a distance of 1 foot 6 inches; cleared out and opened the trenches. The day detachment made an additional distance of 4 feet, a total distance of 5 feet 6 inches for the day's work. At Gracie's mine the night detachment extended the main gallery to the right a distance of 1 foot 3 inches and moved out and wasted the material which was accumulated by the day detachment. The day detachment extended the main gallery 5 feet 9 inches, a total distance for the day's work of 7 feet, and a total length of gallery No. 2 of 10 feet; a total distance for the day's work at all the mines of 21 feet 8 inches, and a total length from the commencement in all the mines of 368 feet 9 inches. A shell exploded to-day on the edge of shaft at mine No. 2, Pegram's salient, doing no injury to works or men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining, &c.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., July 29, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 19th instant, transmitted through the Adjutant-General, having reference to the numerous deserters from the Federal army. It is certainly very important to encourage such desertion, but the disposition of deserters is one of the most embarrassing subjects that has come under the consideration of the Department. Whenever they have been turned loose upon parole exacted of fidelity or good behavior they have soon proved

