SPECIAL ORDERS. HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS.

No.- July 5, 1864.

I. In pursuance of orders from corps headquarters, the Fourth Brigade is discontinued and the troops composing it distributed as follows: Seventy-first, Seventy-fourth, One hundred and twentieth New York, and Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers to the Third Brigade; Seventy-third New York Volunteers to the First Brigade; Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers to the Second Brigade.

II. Officers of staff departments rendered supernumerary by this consolidation will at once report to the chief of their respective departments at corps headquarters.

III. All detached men from the regiments named, serving within other brigades of the division than the one to which their regiment is now assigned, will at once join their respective regiments.

IV. The commanding officers of regiments will report without delay to the commanding officer of the brigade to which their regiment is transferred.

By command of Major-General Birney;

JOHN HANCOCK,Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 5, 1864-10.30 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

As a preliminary to withdrawing the two corps from my left I think we should construct, beside the small redoubt I have before spoken of, another near General Crawford's headquarters capable of holding a battery and 500 men, and another the plank road about half-way between the two that will hold 1,500 men. This will, I believe, enable our left flank to be held by a small force without apprehension from an assault. It gives you an idea how important I regard the similar works now held by the enemy in our front. I should like to have the assistance of others in making these two redoubts. I examined the ground for their location with Captain Mendell.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN.

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

July 5, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Major-General WARREN.

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say you can go on with the erection of the redoubt which you proposed to commence throwing up last night, but which was suspended by him until he could receive the report of the chief engineer upon other parts of the line held by the army.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

