
the breast-works. They state that General Anderson's headquarters are on Sycamore street, south of the city, near Lieutenant Creek, about half way between the line of works and the city; that A. P. Hill's corps is on the right, Longstreet's in the center, and Beauregard is on the left; that all of A. P. Hill's corps is at the front, a portion of which moved up day before yesterday and occupied the extreme right, reaching to the railroad; think it is Heth's division. All three divisions of Longstreet's corps are at the front. Of this they are positive. They know but little about Beauregard's position. Beauregard's headquarters were near Convington's house, on the Chesterfield side of the river, about a week ago, but informant thinks they have since been moved. General Longstreet was visiting in Macon, Ga., at last accounts. He was rapidly recovering from his wound. Two houses were burnt in the city yesterday from the firing. The custom-house was also struck.

One of the railroad bridges crossing the Appomattox, called the Government bridge, was slightly damaged. They are building a new pontoon bridge near the Government bridge. The commissary department was moved to near the canal basin a few days ago on account of its close proximity to our shell. They know little about the railroad communications other than that the officers of General Anderson's staff, some of whom are from South Carolina, have had no letters from home for a long time.

Very respectfully,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

[Indorsement.]

3.50 P. M.

Forwarded for the information of Lieutenant-General Grant.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, July 9, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from the Twenty-fifth North Carolina Infantry, of Ransom's brigade, Bushrod Johnson's division, that left the hospital at Raleigh, N. C., on the 6th of June, 1864, and has been at Weldon, N. C., until yesterday morning, gives the following information, which we think reliable: At Weldon Colonel Hinton's regiment, Sixty-eighth North Carolina, stationed on south side of the Roanoke, and a small force of infantry and cavalry about two miles this side on the railroad; not more than 2,000 in all. The Sixty-eighth North Carolina is the last regiment raised in North Carolina, and is composed of conscripts, many of whom are old soldiers. At Raleigh about 2,000 infantry of the late organizations, also a small force at Goldsborough, which, informant thinks, with the force at Weldon, comprises all the considerable force left in the State. Informant remained at Weldon from the 6th of June till the 8th of July, with several men from his regiment that had been left there to guard the regimental baggage left behind. He took the train for Petersburg early yesterday morning, which came

7 R R-VOL XL, PT III

