1848.
tl ' GLOBE..
e
making a railroad connecting the upper and lower
Mississippi with; the chain of northern* lakes at
Chicago; and also for the northern cross railroad,
with a branch to Alton! and fo? other purposes.
A btil granting the right of way to the States of
Indiana and Illinois, and a donation of each alter-
nate section of public lands for six miles on each
side of said road, to aid in the construction of ia
railroad from New Albany, in the State of Indiana,
to Alton, Illinois.
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Geoigia,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 5, 1848.
The Vice President assumed the chair.
Messrs. Dayton and Miller of New Jersey,,
Bright of Indiana, Nilks of Connecticut, and
Pearce of Maryland, appeared in their seats.
On motion of Mr. KING, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
Mr. KING, from the Joint Committee appointed
on the part of the. Senate, jointly with the com-
mittee appointed on the part of the .House of
KepreseMatives, to wfcit on the President of the
United States,'to inform him that a «fuorum of
each House has assembled, and that Congress is
ready to receive any communication he may be
pleased tq^make, reported, that they had per-
formed the duty assigned to them, and that the
President had replied that he would be prepared
to make a communication to the two Houses this
day at twelve o'clock.
The following message was received from the
House qf Representatives, by Mr. Campbell,
their Clerk:
" Mr. President : I am directed by the House
of Representatives to inform the Senate that the
House has passed a joint resolution for the ap-
pointment of two Chaplains, of different denomina-
tions, to officiate during the present session, alter-
nately, in each House ; in which they ask the
concurrence of the Senate."
The following Message was received from the
President of the United "States, by-Mr. J.Knox
Walker, his Secretary, and was read :
Fellow-citizens of the Senate
and of Ike Ih use ofMepresenlatires :
Under the benignant Providence of Almighty
God, the representatives of the States and of the
fxople are again brought together to deliberate for
the public good. The gratitude of the nation to
the sovereign Arbiter of all human events, should
be commensurate with the boupdless blessings
which we enjoy.
Peace, plenty, and contentment reign through-
out our borders, and our beloved country presents
a sublime moral spectaele to the world.
The troubled and unsettled condition of some
of the principal European Powers has had a neces-
sary tendency to check and embarrass trade, and
to depress prices throughout all commercial na-
tions; but notwithstanding these causes, the Uni-
ted States, with their abundant products, have felt
their effects less severely than any other country,
and all our great interests are still prosperous and
successful.
In reviewing the great events of the past year,
and contrasting the agitated and disturbed state of
other countries with our own tranquil and happy
condition, we may congratulate ourselves that we
are the most favored peopie on the face of the
earth. While the peopie of other countries are
struggling to estabNsh free-institutions, under which
man may govern himself, we are in the actual en-
joyment of them—a rich inheritance from our
fathers. While enlightened nations of Europe are
convulsed arid distracted by civil war or intestine
strife, we settle all our political controversies by
the peaceful exercise of the rights of freemen at
the ballot-box. The great republican maxim so
deeply engraven on the hearts of our people, that
the will of the majority, constitutionally expressed
shall prevail, is our sure safeguard against force
and violence. It is a subject of just pride, that
our fame and character as a nation continue rap-
idly to advance in the estimation of the civilized
world. To our wise and free institutions it is to be
attributed, that while other nations have achieved
glory at. the price of the suffering, distress, and
impoverishment of tlseir people, we ha.ve won our
honorable position in the midst of an uninterrupted
prosperity, and of an increasing individual com-
fort and happiness. I am happy to inform you
that our relations with all nations are friendly and
pacific. Advantageous treaties of commerce have
been concluded, within the last "four years, with
New Granada, Peru, the Two Sicilies, Belgium,
Hanover, Oldenburg, and Mecklenburg-Schwerin.
Pursuing our example, the restrictive system of
Great Britain, our principal foreign customer, has
been relaxed; a more liberal commercial policy
has been adopted by other enlightened nations,
.and our trade has been greatly enlarged and ex-
tended. Our country stands higher in the respect
of the world than at any former period. To con-
tinue to occupy this proud position, it is only ne-
cessary to preserve peace, and faithfully adhere to
the great and fundamental principle of our foreign
policy of non-interference in the domestic concerns
of other nations. We recognize in all nations the
rights which we enjoy ourselves, to change and
reform their political institutions, according to their
own will and pleasure. Hence we do not look
behind existing governments, capabieof maintain-
ing their own authority. We recognize all such
actual governments, not only from the dictates of
true policy, but from a sacred regard for the inde-
pendence of nations.
While this is our settled policy, it does not fol-
low that we can ever be indifferent spectators of
the progress of liberal principles. The Govern-
ment and people of the United States hailed with
enthusiasm and delight the establishment of the
French Republic, as we now hail the efforts in
progress to unite the States of Germany in a con-
federation, similar in many respects to oyr own
Federal Union. If the great and enlightened Ger-
man States, occupying, as they do, a central and
commanding position in Europe, shall succeed in j
establishing such a Confederated Government, j
securing at the same time to the citizens of each
State, local governments adapted to the peculiar
condition of each, with unrestricted tradeand inter-
course with each other, it will bean important era
in the history of human events. Whilst it will
consolidate and strengthen the power of Germany, j
it must essentially promote the cause of peace,
commerce, civilization, and constitutional liberty
throughout the world.
With all the governments on this continent our
relations, it is believed, are now on a more friendly lj
and satisfactory footing than they have ever been ;
at any former period. |
Since the exchange of ratifications of the treaty !'
of peace with Mexico, our intercourse with the I
Government of that Republic has been of the most .
friendly character. The Envoy Extraordinary and |
Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States to j:
Mexico has been received and accredited; and a j!
diplomatic representative from Mexico of similar;'
rank has been received and Accredited by this '
Government. The amicable relations between the
two countries which had been suspended have
been happily.restored, and are destined, I trust, to
be lonj*j>reserved. The two Republics, both situ-
ated on this continent, and with coterminous ter-
ritories, have every motive of sympathy and of
interest to fclnd them together in perpetual amity. .
This gratifying condition ofour foreign relations j
renders it unnecessary for me to call your atten- ■
tion more specifically to them. ]
It has been my constant aim and desire to culd- i
vate peace and commerce with all nations. - Tran- ,
quillity at home, and peaceful relations abroad, |
constitute the true permanent policydf ourcountry. j.
War, the scourge of nations, sometimes becomes [!
inevitable, but is always to be avoided when it can !
be done consistently with the rights and honor of j:
the nation. I;
One of the most important results of the war I1
into which we were recently forced with a neigh-
boring nation, is the demonstration it has afforded ;l
of the military strength of our country. Before ;
the late war with Mexico, European and other ,
foreign Powers entertained imperfect and errone- j1
ous views of our physical strength as a nation, ,,
and of our ability to prosecute war, and especially j
a war waged out of our own country. They saw .
that our standing army on the peace establishment >i
did not exceed ten thousand men. Accustomed
themselves to maintain in peace large standing i!
armies for the protection of thrones against their j
.own subjects, as well as against foreign enemies, |;
they had not conceived that it was possible for a u
nation without such an army, well disciplined and
of long service, to wage war successfully. They
held in low repute our militia, and were far from
regarding them as an effective force, unless it
might be for temporary defensive operations when
invaded on our own soil. The events of the l&t?
war with MeSico have not only, undeceived them, *
but have removed erroneous impressions which
prevailed to some extent even among a portion of
our own countrymen. That war has demonstra-
ted, that upon the breaking out of hostilities not
anticipated, and for which no previous prepara-
tion had been made, a volunteer army of citizen-
soldiers equal to veteran troops, and in numbers
equal to any emergency, can in a short period be
brought into the field. Unlike what would have
occurred in any other country, wfe were under no
necessity of resorting to draughts or conscriptions.
On the contrary, such was the number of volun-
teers who patriotically tendered their services,
that the chief difficulty was in making selections,
and determining who should be disappointed and
compelled to remain at home. Our citizen-soldiers
are unlike those drawn from the population of any-
other country. They are composed indiscrimi-
nately of all professions and pursuits; of farmers,
lawyers, physicians, merchants, manufacturers,
1 mechanics, and laborers; and this, not only among
the officers, but the private soldiers in the ranks.
Our citizen-soldiers are unlike those of any other
country in other respects. They are armed, anil
have been accustomed, from their youth up, to
handle and use fire-arms; and a large proportion
of them, especially in'the western and more new-
ly settled States, are expert marksmen. They are
men who have a reputation to maintain at home
by their good -conduct in the field. They are in-
telligent, and there is an individuality of character
which is found in the ranks of no other army. In
battle, each private man, as well as every officer,
fights not only for his country, but for glory and
distinction among his fellow-citizens when he shall
; return to civil life..
| The war with Mexico has demonstrated not only
! the ability of the Government to organize a nu-
meious army upon a sudden call, but also to pro-
vide it with all the munitions and necessary sup-
plies with despatch, convenience, and ease, and to
direct its operations with efficiency. The strength
of our institutions has not only been displayed in
the valor and skill of our troops engaged in active
service in the field, but in the organization of those
executive branches which were charged with the
general direction and conduct of the war. While
too great praise cannot be bestowed upon the
officers and men who fought our battles, it would
be unjust to withhold from those officers necessarily
stationed at home, who wefBtharged with the duty
of furnishing the army, in proper time, and at
proper places, with all the munitions of war and
other supplies so necessary to make it efficient, the
commendation to which they are entitled. The
credit due to this class of our officers is the greater,
when it is considered that no army in ancient or
modern times was ever better appointed or provided
than our army in Mexico. Operating in an
enemy's country, removed two thousand miles
from the seat of the federal Government, its dif-
ferent corps spread over a vast extent of territory,
hundreds and even thousands of miles apart from
each other, nothing short of the untiring vigilance
and extraordinary energy of these officers could
have enabled them to provide the army at all points,
and in proper season, with all that was required
for the most efficient serviee.
It is but an act of justice to declare, that the
officers in charge of the severtil executive bureaus,
all under the immediate eye arjd supervision of the
Secretary of War, performed their respective duties
with ability, energy, and efficiency. They have
reaped less of the glory of the war, not having
been personally exposed to its perils in battle, than
their companions in arms; but'without their fore-
cast, efficient aid, and cooperation, those in the
field would not have been provided with the ampl.e
means they possessed of achieving for themselves
and their country the unfading honors which they
have won for both.
When all these facts are considered, it may cease
to be a matter of so much amazement abroad how
it happened that our noble army in Mexico, regu-
lars and volunteers, were victorious upon every
battle-field, however fearful the odds against them.
The war with Mexico has thus fully doveloped
