6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 5,
■ exist within their limits. If Congress shall ab-
stain from interfering with the question, the people
of these Territories will be left free to adjust it as
they may think proper when they apply for ad-
mission as States into the Union. No enactment
of Congress could restrain the people of any of the
Sovereign States of the Union, old or new, north
or southi slaveholding or non-slaveholdmg, from
determining the character of their own domestic
institutions as they may deem wise and proper.
Any and all of the States possess this right, and
Congress cannot deprive them of it. The people
of Georgia might, if they chose, so alter their
constitution as to abolish slavery within its limits;
and the people- of Vermont might so alter their
' constitution as to admit slavery within its limits.
Both States would possess the right; though, as
all know, it is not probable that either would
exert it.
It is fortunate for the peace and harmony of the
Union that this question is in its nature temporary,
and can only continue for the brief period which
will intervene before California and New Mexico
may be admitted as States into the Union. From
the tide of population now flowing into-them, it is
highly probable that this will soon occur.
Considering the several States and the citizens
of. the several States as equals, and entitled to
equal rights under the Constitution, if this were an
original question, it might well be insisted on that
tfie principle of non-interference is the true doc-
trine, and that Congress could not, in the absence
of any express, grant of power, interfere with their
relative rights. Upofi a greatemergency, however,
"and under menacing dangers to the Union, the
Missouri compromise line in respect to slavery
was adopted. The same line was extended fur-
ther west in the acquisition of Texas. After an
acquiescence of nearly thirty years in the principle
of compromise recognized and established by these
acts, and to avoid the danger to the Union which
might follow if it were now disregarded, 1 have
heretofore expressed the opinion that that .line of
compromise should be extended on the parallel of
thirty-six degrees thirty minutes from the western
boundary of Texas, where it now terminates, to
the Pacific Ocean. This is the middle ground of
compromise, upon which the different sections of
the Union may meet, as they have heretofore met.
If this be done, it is confidently believed a large
majority of the people of every section of the coun-
try, however widely their abstract opinions on the
subject of slavery may differ, would cheerfully
and patriotically acquiesce in it, and peace and
harmony would again fill our borders.
The restriction north of the line was only yielded
to in the case of Missouri and Texas upon a prin-
ciple of compromise, made necessary for the sake
of preserving the harmony, and possibly the exist-
ence of the Union.
It was upon these considerations that, at the
close of your last session, I gave my sanction to
the principle of the Missouri compromise line, by
approving and signing the bill to establish " the
Territorial Government of Oregon." Prom a sin-
cere desire to preserve the harmony of the Union,
and in deference for the acts of my predecessors, I
felt constrained to yield my acquiescence to the
extent to which they had gone in pompromising
,this delicate and dangerous question. But if Con-
gress shall now reverse the decision by which the
Missouri compromise was effected, and shall pro-
pose to extend the restriction over the whole terri-
tory, south as well as north of the parallel of thirty-
six degrees thirty minutes, it will cease to be a
compromise, and must be regarded as an original
question.
IfCongress, instead of observing the course of
non-interference, leaving the adoption of their own
domesticinstitutionsto the peoplewho may inhabit
these'Territories; or if, instead of extending the
Missouri compromise line to the Pacific, shall pre-
fer to submit the legal and constitutional questions
which may arise to the decision of the judicial tri-
bunals, as was proposed in a bill which passed the
Senate at yourTast session, an adjustment may be
effected in this mode. If the whole subject be
referred to the Judiciary, all parts of the Union
should cheerfully acquiesce in the final decision of
the tribunal created by the Constitution for the
settlement of all questions which may arise under
the Constitution, treaties, and laws of the United
States.
Congress is earnestly invoked, for the sakef
the Union, its harmony, and our continaed pros-
perity as a nation, to adjust at its present session
this, the only dangerous question which lies in
our path—if'not in some one of the modes sug-
gested, in some other which may be satisfactory.
In anticipation of the establishment of regular
governments over the acquired territories, a joint
commission of officers of the army and navy has
been ordered to proceed to the coast of California
and Oregon, for the purpose of making reconnois-
simces and a report as to the proper sites for the
erection of fortifications or other defensive works
on land, and of suitablesituations for naval stations.
The information which may be expected from a
scientific and skillful examination of the whole face
of the coast will be eminently useful to Congress,
when they come to consider the propriety of making
appropriations for these great national objects.
Proper defences on land will be necessary for the
security and protection of our possessions; and
the establishment of navy-yards, and a dock for
the repair and construction of vessels, will  be
important alike to our navy and commercial ma-
rine. Without such establishments, every vessel,
whether of the navy or of the merchant service,
requiring repair, must at greatexp.ense, come round
Cape'Horn to one of our Atlantic yards for that
purpose. With such establishments, vessels, it is
b&lieved, may'be built or repaired as cheaply in
California as upon the Atlantic coast. They would
give employment to many of our enterprising ship-
builders and mechanics, and greatly facilitate and
enlarge our commerce in the Pacific.
As it is ascertained that mines of gold, silver,
copper, and quicksilver exist in New Mexico and
California, and that nearly all the lands where they
are found belong to the United States, it is deemed
important to the public interests, that provision be
made for a geological and mmera^ogical examina-
tion of these regions. Measures should be adopted
to preserve the mineral lands, especially such as
contain the precious metals, for the use of the Uni-
ted States; or if brought into the market, to sepa-
rate them from the farming lands, and dispose of
them in such manner as to secure a laige return of
money to the treasury, and at the same time lead
to the development of their wealth by individual
proprietors and purchasers. To do this, it will be
necessary to provide for an inamediate survey and
location of the lots. If Congress should deem it
proper to dispose of the mineral lands, they should
be sold in small quantities, and at a fixed mini-
mum price.
Irecommepd that surveyor generals'offices be
authorized to be established in New Mexico and
California, and provision made for surveying and
bringing the public lands into market at the earliest
practicable period. In disposing of these lands, I
recommend that the right of preemption be secured,
and liberal grants made to the early emigrants
who have settled or may settle upon them.
It will be important to extend our revenue laws
over these territories, and especially over Califor-
nia, at an early period. There is already a con-
siderable commerce with California ; and until
ports of entry shall be established and collectors
appointed, no revenue can be received.
If these and other necessary and proper meas-
ures be adopted for the development of the wealth
and resources of New Mexico and California, and
Regular territorial governments be established over
them, such will probably be the rapid enlargement
of our commerce and navigation, and such the
addition to the national wealth, that the piesertt
generation may live to witness the controlling com-
j mercial and monetary power of the world trans-
j ferred from London and other European empori-
ums to the city of New York.
The apprehensions which were entertained by
some of out statesmen, in the earlier periods of
the Government, that our system was incapable of
i operating with sufficient energy and success over
i largely extended territorial limits, and that if this
were attempted, it would fall to pieces by. its own
| weakness, haveiieen dissipated by our experience.
I By the division of power between the States and
' Federal Government, the latter is found to operate
with as much energy in the extremes as in the
centre. It is as efficient in the remotest of the
thirty States which now compose the Union, as
it was in the thirteen States which formed our
Constitution. Indeed, it may well be doubted,
i whether, if our present population had been con-
i fined within the limits of the original thirteen
States, the tendencies to centralization and consoli-
dation would not have been such as to have en-
croached upon the essential reserved rights of the
States, and thus to have made the Federal Govern-
ment a widely different one, practically, from what
it is in theory, and was intended to be by its
framers. So far from entertaining apprehensions
of the safety of our system by the extension of
our territory, the belief is confidently entertained
that each new State gives strength and an additional
guarantee for the preservation of the Union itself.
In pursuance of the provisions of tfee thirteenth
article of the treaty of peace, friendship, limits, and
settlement, with Jthe Republic of Mexico, and of
the act of-July the twenty-ninth, 1848, elaims-of
our citizens which had b%en "already liquidated
and decided against the Mexican Republic,"'
amounting, with the interest thereon, to two mil-
lion twenty-three thousand eight hundred atrtl
thirty-two dollars and fifty-one cents, have been
liquidated and paid. There remain to be paid of
these claims, seventy-four thousand one hundred
and ninety-two dollars and twenty-six cents.
Congress, at its last session, having made no
provision for executing the fifteenth, article of the
treaty, by which the United States assume to
make satisfaction for the " unliquidated claims" of
our citizens against Mexico, to 6'an amount not
exceeding three and a quarter millions of dollars,"
the subject is again recommended toyour favorable
consideration.
The exchange of ratifications of the treaty with
Mexico took place on the thirtieth oi May, 1848.
Within one year after that time, the commissioner
and surveyor which each Government stipulates
to appoint, are required to meet "at the pprt of
1 San Diego, and proceed to run and mark the said
* boundary in its whole course to the moutji of th^
' Rio Bravo del Norte." It will be seen from this
provision, that the period within which a com-
missioner and surveyor of the respective Govern-
ments are to meet at San Diego, will expire oil
the thirtieth of May, 1849. Congress, at the close
of its last session, made an appropriation for "the
expenses of running.and marking the boundary
line" between the two countries, but did? not fix
the amount of salary which should be paid to the
commissioner'and surveyor to be appointed on the
part of the United States. It is desirable that the
amount of compensation'which they shall receive
should be prescribed by law, and not left, as at
present, to Exec.utive'discretion.
Measures were adopted at the earliest practica-
ble period to organize, the "Territorial Govern-
ment of Oregon," as authorized by the act of the
fourteenth of August last. The Governor and
Marshal of the Territory, accompanied by a small
military escort, left the frontier of Missouri ii>
September last, and took the southern route, by
the way of Santa Fe and the river Gila, to Cali-
fornia, with the intention of proceeding flience in
one of our vessels of war to their destination. The
Go\ernor was fully advised of the great import-
ance of his early arrival in the country, and it is
confidently believed he may reach Oregon in the
latter part of the present month, or early in the
next. The other officers for the Territory have
proceeded by sea.
In the month of May last, I communicated in-
formation to Congress that an Indian war had
broken out in Oregon, and recommended that au-
thority be given to raise an adequate number of
volunteers, to proceed, without delay, to the as-
sistance of our fellow-citizens in that Territory.
The authority to raise such a force not having been
granted by Congress, as soon as their services could
be dispensed with in Mexico, orders were issued
to the regiment of mounted riflemen to proceed to
Jefferson Barracks, in Missouri, and to prepare to
march to Oregon as soon as the necessary provis-
ion could be made. Shortly before it was ready
to march, it was arrested by the provision of the.
act passed by Congress on the last day of the last
session, which directed that all the non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates of that
regiment, who had been in service in Mexico,
should, upon their application, be entitled to be
discharged. The effect of this provision was to
disband the rank and file of the regiment; and be-
fore their places could be filled by recruits, the
season had so far advanced that it was impracti-
cable for it to proceed until the opening of the next
spring.
In the month of October last, the accompanying
