1848.
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
communication was received from the Governor of
the temporary government of Oregon, giving in-
formation of the continuance of the Indian dis-
turbances, and of the destitution and defenceless-
condition of the inhabitants. Orders were imme-
diately transmitted to the commander of oursquad-
ron in the Pacific, to despatch to their assistance
a part of the naval forces on that station, tp fur-,
nish them with arms arid ammunition, and to con-
tinue to give them such aid and protection as the
navy could afford, until the army eould reach the^
country. 1 .
It is the policy of humanity, ana one which-has
always been pursued by the United States, to cul-
tivate the good will of the aboriginal tribes of this
continent, and to- restrain them frt>m making war,
and indulging in excesses, by mild means, rather
than by force. That this eould have been done
with the tribes in Oregon, had that Territory been
brought under the government of our laws at an
earlier period, and had suitable measures been
adopted by Congress, such as now exist in our
intercourse with the other Indian tribes within our
limits, cannot be doubted. Indeed, the immediate
and only cause of the existing hostility of the In-
dians of Oregon is represented to -have been, the
long delay of the United States in making to them
some trifling compensation, in such articles as
they wanted, for the country now occupied by our
emigrants, which the Indians claimed, and over
which they formerly roamed. This compensation
had been promised to them by the temporary gov-
ernment established in Oregon, but its fulfillment
had been postponed from time to time, for nearly j
two years, whilst those who made it had been
anxiously waiting for Congress to establish a ter-
ritorial government over the country. The Indians
became at length distrustful of their good faith,
and soughtredress by plunder and massacre, which
finally led to the present difficulties. A few, thou-
sand dollars in suitable presents, as a compensation
for the country which had been taken possession
of by our citizens, would have satisfied the Indians,
and have prevented the war. A small amount prop-
erly distributed, it is confidently believed, would,
soon restore quiet. In this Indian war, our fellow-
citizens of Oregon have been compelled to take
the field in their own defence, have performed
valuable military services, and been subjected to
expenses which have fallen heavily upon them.
Justice demands that provision should be made by
Congress to compensate them for their services,
and to refund to them the necessary expenses which
they have incurred.
I repeat the recommendation heretofore made-to
Congress, that provision be made for the appoint-
ment of a suitable number of Indian agents to re-
side among the tribes of Oregon, and that a small
sum be appropriated to enable these agents to cul-
tivate friendly relations with them. If this be done,
the presence of a small military force will be all"
that is necessary to keep them in check, and pre-
serve peace.
I recommend that similar provision be made as
regards the tribes inhabiting northern Texas, New
Mexico, California, and the extensive region lying
between our settlements in Missouri and these pos-
sessions, as the most effective means of preserving
peace upon our borders, and within the recently-
acquired territories.
The Secretary of'the Treasury will present in
his annual report a liisrhly satisfactory statement
of the condition of the finances.
The imports for the fiscal year ending on the
thirtieth of June last were of the value of one hun-
dred and fifty-four million nine hundred and sev-
enty-seven thousand eight hundred and seventy-six
dollars; of which theamount exported was twenty-
one million one hundred and twenty-eight thousand
and ten dollars, leaving one hundred and thirty-
three million eighthundred and forty-nine thousand
eight hundred and sixty-six dollars in the country
for domestic use.
The value of the exports for the same period was
one hundred and fifty-four million thirty-two thou-
sand one hundred and thirty-one dollars, consist-
ing of domestic productions amounting to one
hundred and thirty-two million nine hundred and
four thousand one hundred and twenty-one dollars,
and twenty-one million one hundred and twenty-
eight thousand and ten dollars of foreign articles.
The receipts into the treasury for the same
period, exclusive of loans, amounted to thirty-five
million four hundred and thirty-six thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars ?nd fifty-nine cents; of
which there was derived from customs thirty-one
million seven hundred and fifty-seven thousand j.
and seventy dollars and nifietg-six cents; from
sales of public lands, three million three hundred
and twenty-eight thousand six hundred and forty-
two dollars and fifty-six cents; and from miscel-
laneous and incidental sources, tjiree hundred and
fifty-ooe thousand and. thirty tgeven dollars and
seven cents. 4
It will be perceived that the revenue from cus-
toms for the last fiscal year exceeded by seven
hundred and fifty-seven thousand and seventy dol-
lars and ninety-six cents the estimate of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in his last annual report;
and that the aggregate receipts during the same
period from customs, lands, and miscellaneous j
sources, also exceeded the estimate by the sum of |
five hundred and thirty-six thousand seven hundred
and fifty dollars and fifty-nine cents—indicating,
however, a very near approach in the estimate to
the actual result.
The expenditures during the fiscal year ending
on the thirtieth of June last, including those for
the war, and exclusive, of payments of principal
and interest for the public debt, were forty-two
million eight hundred and eleven thousand nine
hundred and seventy dollars and three cents.
It is estimated that the receipts into the treas-
ury for the fiscal year ending on the thirtieth of
June, 1849, including the balance in the treasury
on the first of July last, will amount to the sum of
fifty-seven million forty-eight thousand nine hun-
dred and sixty-nine dollars and ninety cents; of
which thirty-two millions of dollars, it is estima-
ted, will be derived from customs; three millions
of dollars from the sales of the public lands; and '
one million two hundred thousand dollars from
miscellaneous and incidental sources,including the
premium upon the loan, and the amount paid and ^
to be paid into the treasury on account of military
contributions in-Mexico, and the sales of arms
and vessels and other public property rendered
unnecessary for the use of the Government by the
termination of the'war; and twenty million six
hundred and ninety-five thousand four hundred
and thirty-five dollars and thirty cents from loans
already negotiated including treasury notes funded, -
which, together with the balance in the treasury on jj
the firstof July last, make the-sum estimated. _ i!
The expenditures for the same period, including
•the necessary payment on account of the principal •
and interest of the public debt, and the principal j
and interest of the first instalment due to Mexico ,
on the thirtieth of May next, and other expendi- '
tares-growing out of the war, to be paid during
the present year, will amount, including the reim- j
bursement of treasury notes, to the sum of fifty- j.
four million'one hundred and ninety-five thousand jl
two hundred and seventy-five dollars and six :
cents; leaving an estimated balance in the treasury ;!
on the first of July, 1849, of two million eight
hundred and fifty-three thousand six hundred and
ninety-four dollars and eighty-four cents.
Tljp Secretary of the Treasury will present, as
required by law, the estimate of the receipts and
expenditures for the next fiscal year. The ex-
penditures as estimated for that year are thirty-
three million two hundred and thirteen thouband
one hundred and fifty-two dollars and seveniy-
three cents, including three million seven hundred
and ninety-nine thousand tfne hundred and two
dollars and eighteen cents for the interest on the
public debt, and three million five hundred and
fdrty thousand dollars for the principal and inter-
est due to Mexico on the thirtieth of May, 1850,
leaving the sum of twenty-five million eight hun-
I dred and seventy-four thousand and fifty dollars
I and thirty-five cents; which, it is believed, will be
ample for the ordinary peace expenditures.
The operations of the tariff act of 3 846 have
been such during the past year as fully to meet
the public expectation, and to confirm the opinion
heretofore expressed of the wisdom of the change
j in our revenue system which w$s effected by it.
i The receipts under it into the treasury for the first
I fiscal year after its enactment exceeded by the sum
j of'five million forty-four thousand four hundred
and three dollars and nine cents the amount col-
lected during the last fiscal year under the tariff
act of 1842, ending the thirtieth of June, 1846. I
The total revenue realized from the commence-
ment of its operation, on the first of December,
1846, until the close of the last quarter, on the
thirtieth of September last, .being twenty-two
months, was fifty-six million six hundred and
fifty-four thousand five hundred and sixty-three
dollars and seventy-nine cents—being a much
larger sum than was. ever before received from
duties during any equal period under the tariff acts,
of 1824, 1828, 1832, and 1842. -Whilst by, the
repeal ofliighly protective and prohibitory duties
the revenue has been increased, the taxes on the
people have been diminished. Tiiey have been
relieved from the heavy amounts with which they
were burdened under former laws in the form of
increased prices or bounties paid to favored classes
and pursuits.
The predictions which were made, that the tariff
act of 1846 would reduce the amount of revenue
below that collected under the act of 1813, and
would prostrate the' business and destroy the pros-
perity-of the country, liave not been verified.
With an increased and increasing, revenue, the
finances are in a highly flourishing condition. Ag-
riculture, commerce, and navigation, are prosper-
ous; the prices of manufactured fabrics, and of
other products, are much less injuriously affected
than was to. have been anticipated, from the unpre-
cedented revulsions which, during the last and the
present year, have overwhelmed the industry, and
paralyzed the credit and commerce of so iftanj"
great and enlightened nations of Europe.
Severe commercial revulsions abroad have al-
ways heretofore operated to depress, and often to
affect disastrously, almost every branch of Amer-
ican industry. The temporary depression of a
.portion of our manufacturing interests is the effect
of foreign causes, and is far less severe than has
prevailed on all former similar occasions.
It is believed that, looking to the great aggre-
gate of all our interests, the whole country was
never more prosperous than at the present period,
and never more rapidly advancing in wealth and
population. Neither the foreign war in which We
have been involved, nor the loans which have ab-
sorbed so large a portion of our capital, nor the
commercial revulsion in Great Britain,in 1847, nor
the paralysis of credit and commerce throughout
Europe in 1848, have affected injuriously to any
considerable extent any of the great interests of
the country, or arrested our onward march to
greatness, wealth, and power.
Had the disturbances in Europe not occurred,
our commerce would undoubtedly have been still
more extended, and would have added still more to
the naiion&l wealth and public prosperity. Eut
notwithstanding these disturbances, the operations
1 of the revenue system established by the tariff act
1 of 1846 have been so generally beneficial-to the
: Government and the business of the country, that
i no ehange in its provisions is demanded by a wise
' public policy, and none 13 recommended.
| The operations of the constitutional treasury
! established by the act of the sixth of August, 1846,
i in the receipt, custody, and disbursement of the
. public money, have continued to be successful,
j Under the system the public finances have been car-
1 ried through a foreign war, involving the necessity
j ofloansand extraordinary expendilures, and requir-
ing distant transfers and'disbursements, without
; embarrassment, and no loss has occurred of any
| of the public money deposited under its provisions.
] Whilst it has proved to be safe and useful to the
; Government, its effects have been most beneficial
■ upon the business of the country. It has tended
i powerfully to secure an exemption from that in-
; flation and fluctuation of the paper, currency, so
[ injurious to domestic industry, and rendering so
1 uncertain the rewards of labor, and it is believed
' has largely contributed to preserve the whole coun-
try from a serious commercial revulsion, such as
! often occurred under the bank denosite system.
In the year 1847 there was a revulsion in the busi-
i ness of Great Britain of greatextent and Intensity,
which was followed by failures in that kingdom
'unprecedented in number and amount of losses.
This is believed to be the first instance when such
, disastrous bankruptcies, occurring in a country
\ with which we have such extensive commerce,
: produced little or no injurious effect upon our trade
j or currency. We remained but little affected in
; our money market, and our business and industry
' were still prospeious and progressive.
■During the present year, nearly the whole con-
tinent'of Europe has been convulsed by civil war
' and revolutions, attended by numerous bankrupt-
i cies, by an unprecedented fall in their public
