8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 5,
securities, and ari.almost universal paralysis of
commerce and industry; and yet, although onr
trade and the prices of our products must have
been somewhat unfavorably affected ■ by these
causes, we have escaped a revulsion, our money
market is comparatively easy, and public and
private credit Imve advanced ami improved.
It is confidently believed that we have been
saved from their effect by the -salutary operation
of the constitutional treasury. It is certain, that if
the twenty-four millions of specie imported into
the country during the fiscal year ending on the
thirtieth of June, 1847, had gone into the banks,
as to a great extent it must have done, it would,
in' the absence of this system, have been made the
basis of augmented bank paper issues, probably
to an amount not less that) sixty or seventy mil-
lions of dollars, producing, as an inevitable con-
sequence of an inflated currency, extravagant
prices for a tjme, and* wild speculation, which
must have been followed, on the reflux to Europe,
the succeeding year, of so much of that specie, by
the prostration of th& business of the country, the
suspension of the banks, and most extensive
bankruptcies. Occurring, as this would have
done, at a period when the country was engaged
in a foreign war; when considerable loans of spe-
cie were required for distant disbursements, and
when the banks, the fiscal agents of the Govern-
ment, and the depositories of its money, were
suspended, the public credit must have sunk, and
many millions of dollars, as was the case during
the war of 1812, must have been sacrificed in dis-
counts upon loans, and upon the depreciated paper
currency which the Government would have been
compelled to use.
Under the operations of the constitutional treas-
ury, not a dollar has been lost by the depreciation
of the currency. The loans required to prosecute
the war with Mexico were negotiated by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury above par, realizing a large
premium to the Government. The restraining
effect of the system upon the tendencies to exces-
sive paper issues by banks has saved the Govern-
ment from heavy losses, and thousands of our
business men from bankruptcy and rum. The
wisdom of the system has been tested, by the ex-
perience of the last two years; and it is the dictate
of sound policy that it should remain undisturbed.
The modifications in some of the details of this
measure, involving none of Us essential principles,
Jieretofore recommended, are again presented for
your favorable consideration.
In my message of the sixth of July last, trans-
mitting 'to Congress the ratified treaty of peace
wall Mexico, I recommended the adoption of
measures for the speedy payment of the public
debt. In reiterating that recommendation, I refer
you to the considerations picsented in that mes-
sage in its support. The public debt, including
that authorized to be negotiated, in pursuance
of existing laws, atld including treasury notes,
amounted at that time to sixty-five million seven
hundred and seventy-eight thousand four hundred
and fifty dollars and forty-one cents.
Funded stock of the United States, amounting
to about half a million of dollars, has been pur-
chased, as authorized by law, since that period,
and the public debt has thus be'en reduced, the
details of which will be presented ill the annual
report of the Secietary of the Treasury.
/file estimates of expenditures for the next fiscal
yfcar, submitted by the Secietary of the Treasury,
it is believed will be ample for all necessary pur-
poses. If the appropriations made by Congress
shall not exceed the amount estimated, the means
in the treasury will be sufficient to defray ail the
expenses of the Government; to pay off the next
instalment of three millions of dollars to Mexico,,
which will fall due on the thirtieth of May next;
and still a considerable surplus wiil remain, which
should bo applied to the further purchase'of the
public stock and reduction of the debt. Should
enlarged_ appropriations be made, the necessary
consequence will be to postpone the payment of
the debt. Though our debt, as compared with
that of most other nations, is small, it is our true
policy, and in harmony with the genius of our
institutions, that we should present to the world
the rare speetacle of a gieat republic, possessing,,
vast resuuices and wealth, wholly exempt from
public indebtedness. This would add still more
to our strength, and give to us a still more com-
manding position among the nations of tiie earth. (
The public expenditures should be economical,
and be confined to sdeh necessary objects as are
clearly within the powers of Congress. All such
as are not absolutely demanded should be post-
poned, and the payment of the public debt at the
earliest practicable period should be a cardinal
principle of our public policy.
For the reason^assigned in my last annual mes-
sage, I repeat the recommendation that a branch
of the mint of the United States be established at
•the city of New York. The importance of this
measure is greatly increased by th# acquisition of
the rich mines of the precious metals in New
Mexico and California, and especially in the latter.
I repeat the recommendation, heretofore made,
in favor of the graduation and reduction of the
price of such of the public lands as have been long
offered in the market, and have remained unsold,
and in favor of extending the rights of preemption
to actual settlers on the unsurveyed as well as the
surveyed lands.
The condition and operations of the army, and
the state of other branches of the public service,
under the supervision of the War Department, are
satisfactorily presented in the accompanying report
of the Secretary of War.
On the return of peace, our forces were with-
drawn from Mexico, and the volunteers, and that
portion _of the regular army engaged for the war,
were disbanded. Orders have been issued for sta-
tioning the forces of our permanent establishment
at various positions in our extended country where
troops may be required. Owing to the remoteness
of some of these positions, the detachments have
not yet reached their destination. Notwithstand-
ing the extension of the limits of our country and
the forces required in the new territories, it is con-
fidently believed that our present military estab-
lishment is sufficient for all exigencies, so long as
our peaceful relations remain undisturbed.
Of the amountof military contnbutionscollected
in Mexico, the sum of seven hundred and sixty-
. nine thousand six hundred and fifty dollars was
applied towards the payment of the first instal-
ment due under the treaty with Mexico. The
further sum of three hundred and forty-six thou-
sand three hundred and sixty-nine dollars and thirty
cents has been paid into the treasury, and unex-
pended balances still remain in the hands of dis-
bursing officers and those who were engaged in
the collection of these moneys. After the procla-
mation of peace, no further disbursements were •
made of any unexpended moneys arising from this
source. The balances on hand were directed to be
paid into the treasury, and individual claims on
the fund will remain unadjusted until Congress
shall authorize their settlement «nd payment.
These claims are not considerable in number or
amount.
I recommend to your favorable consideration the
suggestions of the Secretary of "VVar and the Sec-
retary of the Navy in regard to legislation on this
subject.
Our Indian relations are presented .in a most
favorable view in the report from the War Depart-
ment. The wisdom of our policy in regaid to the
tribes within our limits, is clearly manifested by
their improved and rapidly improving condition.
A most important treaty with the Menomonie3
has been recently negotiated .by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs in person, by which all thtyr land
in the State of Wisconsin—being about four mil-
lions of azres—has been ccdcd to the United States.
This treaty will be submitted to the Senate for rati-
fication at an early period of your present session.
Within the last four years, eieht important
treaties have been negotiated with different Indian i
tribes, and at a cost of one million eight hundred |
and forty-two thousand dollars; Indian lands to i
the amount of more than eighteen million five hun-
dred thousand acres, have been ceded to the United
States ; and provision has been made for settling
in the country west of the Mississippi the tribes
which occupied this laige extent of the public do- ;
main. The title^to all the Indian lands within the '
several States of our Union, with the exception of'
a few small reservations, is now extinguished, and ,
a vast region opened for settlement and cultivation, i
The accompanying report of the Secretary of |
the Navy gives a satisfactory exhibit of the oner- i
ations and condition of that -branch of the public '
service.
A number of small vessels, suitable for entering j!
the mouths of rivers, were judiciously purchased ii
during the war, and gave great efficiency to the
squadron in the Gulf of'Mexico. On, the return
of peace, when no longer valuable for naval pur-
poses, and liable to constant deterioration, they
were sold, and the money placed in the treasury.
The number of men in the naval service, au-
thorized by law during the war, has been reduced
by discharges below the maximum fixed for the
peace establishment. Adequate squadrons are
maintained in the several quarters of the globe,
where experience has shown their services may
1>e most usefully employed; and the naval service
was never in a condition of higher discipline or
greater efficiency.
I invite attention to the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Navy on the subject of the marine
corps. The reduction of the corps at the end of
the war, required that four officers of each of the
three lower grades shoold be dropped from the
rolls. A board of officers made the selection; and
those designated were necessarily dismissed, but
without any alleged fault. I concur in opinion
with the Secretary, that the service would be im-
proved by reducing the number of landsmen, and
increasing the marines. Such a measure would
justify an increase of the number of officers to the
extent of the reduction by dismissal, and still the
corps would have fewer officers than a correspond-
ing number of men in the army.
The contracts for the transportation of the mail
in steamships convertible into war-steamers, prom-
ise to realize all the benefits to our commerce and
to the navy which were anticipated. The first
steamer thus secured to the Government was
launched in January, 1847. There are now seven;
and in another year there will, probably, be not
less than seventeen afloat. While this great na-
tional advantage is secured, our social and com-
j mercial intercourse is increased and promoted with
Germany, Great Britain, and other parts of Eu-
rope, with all the countries on the west eoast of
our continent, especially with Oregon and Califor-
nia, and between the northern and southern sec-
tions of the United States. Considerable revenue
may be expected from postages; but the connected
line from New York to Chagres, and thence across
the isthmus to Oregon, cannot fail to exert a benefi-
cial influence, not now to be estimated, on the in-
terests ofthe manufactures, commerce, navigation,
and currency ofthe United States. As an important
part ofthe system, I recommend to your favorable
consideration the establishment of the proposed
line of steamers between New Orleans and Vera
Cruz. It promises the most happy results in
cementing friendship between the two Republics,
and in extending reciprocal benefits to the trade
and manufactures of both.
The report of the Postmaster General will make
known to you the operations of that department
, for the past year.
j It is gratifying to find the revenues of the de-
1 partment, under the rates of postage now estab-
] lished by law, so rapidly increasing. The gross
I amount of postages during the last fiscal year
i amounted to four million three hundred and sev-
i enty-one thousand and seventy-seven dollars, ex-
ceeding the annual average received for the nine
years immediately preceding the passage of the
act of the third of March. 1845, by the sum of six
thousand four hundred and fifty-three dollars, and
exceeding the amount received for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, 1847, by the sum of four
hundred and twenty-five thousand one hundred
and eighty-four dollars.
The expendituies for the year, excluding the
sum of ninetv-four thousand six hundred and
seventy-two dollars, allowed by Congress, at its
last session, to individual claimants, and including
the sum of one hundred thousand five hundred
dollars paid for the services of the line of steamers
between Bremen and New York, amounted to four
million one hundred and ninety-eight thousand
eight hundred and forty-fiva dollars, which is less
than the annual aierage for the nine years pre-
vious to the act of 1845, by three hundred thou-
sand seven hundred and forty-eight dollars.
The mail routes, on the thirtieth day of June
last, were one hundred and sixty-three thousand
two hundred and eight miles in extent—being an
increase during the last year of nine thousand
three hundred and ninety miles. The mails wore
transported over them, during thesame time, forty-
one million twelve thousand five hundred and
seventy-nine miles; making an increase of trans-
