1848,
globe:
11
consequences. This branch of the system is so
intimately combined and linked with the others,
that as surely as an effect is produced by an ade-
quate cause, if it be resuscitated and revived, and
firmly established, it requires no sagacity to fore-
see that it will necessarily and speedily draw-after
it the reestablishment of a national bank, the
revival of a protective tariff, the distribution of the
land money, and not only the postponement to
the distant future of the payment of the present
national debt, but its annual increase.
I entertain the solemn conviction, that if the
interna] improvement branch of the "American
system" be not firmly resisted at this time, the
whole series of measures composing it will be
speedily reestablished, and the country be thrown
back from its present high state of prosperity,
which the existing policy has produced, and be
destined again to witness all the evils, commercial
revulsions, depression of prices, and pecuniary
embarrassments, through which we have passed
during the last twenty-five years.
To guard against consequences so ruinous, is
an object of hjgh national importance, involving,
in my judgment, the continued prosperity of the
country.
I have felt it to be an imperative obligation to
withhold my constitutional sanction from two bills
which had' passed the two Houses of Congress,
involving the principle of the .internal improve-
ment branch of the "American system," and
conflicting in their provisions with tlie views.here
expressed.
This power, conferred upon the President by
the Constitution, I have on three occasions, du-
ring my administration of the Executive depart-
ment of the Government, deemed it my duty to
exercise; and on this last occasion of making to
Congtess an annual communication " of the state
of the Union," it is not deemed inappropriate to
review the principles and considerations which
have governed my action. I deem this the more
necessary, because, after the lapse of nearly sixty
years since the adoption of the Constitution, the
propriety of the exercise of this undoubted con-
stitutional power by the President ha3 for the first
time been drawn seriously in question by a portion
of my fellow-citizens.
The Constitution provides that 'tevsry bill which
' shall have passed the House of Representatives
' and the Senate shall, before it become a law, be
' presented to the President of the United States: if
' he approve, he shall sign it; but if not, he shall
' return it, with his objections, to that House in
' which it shall have originated,who shall enter the
' objections at large on their Journal, and proceed
' to reconsider it."
• The preservation of the Constitution from infrac-
tion is the President's highest duty. Ho is bound
to discharge that duty, at whatever hazard of in-
curring the displeasure of those who may differ
with him in opinion. He is bound to discharge it,
as w^ll by his obligations to the people who have
clothed him with his exalted trust, as by his oath
of office, which he may not disregard. Nor are
the obligations of the President in any degree les-
sened by the prevalence of views different from
his own in one or both houses of Congress. It is
not alone hasty and inconsiderate legislation that
he is required to check; but if at any time Con-
gress shall, after apparently full deliberation, re-
solve on measures which he deems subversive of
the Constitution, or of the vital interests of the
country, itis his solemn duty to stand in the breach
and resist them. The President is bound to
approve, or disapprove, every bill which passes
Congress and is presented to him for his signature.
The Constitution makes this his duty, and he can-
not escape it if he would. He has no election. In
deciding upon any bill presented to him, he must
exercise his own best judgment. If he cannot
approve, the Constitution commands him to return
the bill to the House in which it originated, with
his objections; and if he fail to do this within ten
days, (Sundays excepted,) it shall become a law
without his signature. Right or wrong, he may be
overruled by a vote of two-thirds of each House;
and, in that event, the bill becomes a law without
his sanction. If his objections be not thus over-
ruled, the subject is only postponed, and is re-
ferred to the States and the people for their con-
sideration and decision. The President's power is
negative merely, and not affirmative. He can
enact no law The only effect, therefore, of his
withholding his approval of a bill passed by Con-
gress, is to suffer the existing laws to remain
unchanged, and the delay occasioned is only that
required- to enable the States and the people' to
consider and act upon the subject in the election of
public agents-who will carry out their wishes and
instructions. Any attempt to coerce the President
to yield his sanction to measures which'he cannot
approve, would be a violation of the spirit of the
Constitution, palpable' and flagrant; and if suc-
cessful, would break down the independence of
the executive department, an8 make the President,
elected by the people, and clothed by the Constitu-
tion with power to defend their rights, the mere
instrument of a majority of Congress. A sur-
render, on Kis part, of the powers with which the
Constitution has invested his office, would effect
a..practical alteration of that instrument, without
resorting to the prescribed process of amendment.
With the motives or considerations which may
induce Congress to pass any bill, the President
can have nothing to do. He must presume them
to be as pure as his own, and look only to the
practical effect of their measure's when compared
with the Constitution or the public good.
But it-has been urged by those who object to
the exercise of this undoubted constitutional pow-
er, that it assails the representative principle and
the capacity of the people to govern themselves;
that there is greater safety in a numerous repre-
sentative bady than in the single Executive cre-
ated by the Constitution, and that the Executive
veto is n "one-man power," despotic in its char-
acter. To expose the fallacy of this objection, it
is only necessary to consider the frame and true
character of our system. Ours is not a consoli-
dated empire, but a confederated Union. The
States, before the adoption of the Constitution,
were coordinate, coequal, and separate independ-
ent sovereignties, and by its adoption they did
not lose that character. They clothed the Federal
Govwnment with certain powers, and reserved all
others, including their own sovereignty, to them-
selves. They guarded their own rights as States
and the rights of the people, by the very limita-
tions which they incorporated into the Federal
Constitution, whereby the different departments
of the General Governmeni were checks upon
each other. That the majority should, govern, is
a general principle, controverted by none; but
they must govern according to the Constitution,
and not according to an undefined and unrestrained
discretion, whereby they may oppress the mi-
nority.
The people of the United States are not- blind to
the fact that they may be temporarily misled, and
that their representatives, legislative and execu-
tive, may be mistaken or influenced in their action
by improper motives. They have therefore in-
terposed between themselves and the laws which
may be passed by their public agents, various repre-
sentations, such as Assemblies, Senates, and Gov-
ernors in their several States; a House of Repre-
sentatives, a Senate, and a Presidentof the United
States. The people can by their own direct agency
make no law; nor can the House of Representa-
tives immediately elected by them; nor can the
Senate; nor can both together, without the con-
currence of the President, or a vote of two-thirds
of both Houses.
Happily for themselves, the people, in framing
our admirable system of government, were con-
scious of the infirmities of their representatives;
and, in delegating to them the power of legislation,
they have fenced them around with checks, to
guard against the effects of hasty action, of error,
of combination, and of possible corruption. Error,
selfishness, and faction have often sought to rend
asunder this web of checks, and subject the Gov-
ernment to the control of fanatic and sinister in-
fluences; but these efforts have only satisfied the
people of the wisdom of the checks which they
have imposed, and of the'necessity of preserving
them unimpaired. j
The true theory of our system is not to govern
b^ the acts or decrees of any one set of represent- j
atives. The Constitution interposes checks upon
all branches of the Government, in order to give
time for error to be corrected, and delusion to pass
away; but if the people settle down into a firm
conviction different from that of their representa-
tives, they give effect to their opinions by chan-
ging their*'public servants. The checks which the
people imposed on their public Servants in the
adoption of the Constitution, are the best evidence
of their capacity for self-government. They know
that the men whom they elect to public stations
are oflike infirmities and passions with themselves,
and not^o be trusted without being restricted by
coordinate authorities and constitutional limita-
tions. Who that has witnessed thelegislaliort of
Congress for the last thirty years wffl say that he
knows of no instance in which measures not de-
manded by the public good, have been carried?
Who will deny that, in the State governments, by
combinations of individuals and sections, in dero-
gation of the general interest, banks have been
chartered, systems of internal improvement adopt-
ed, and debts entailed upon the people, repressing
their growth, and impairing their energies for
years to come ?
After so much experience, it cannot be said that
absolute unchecked power is safe in the hands of
any one set of representatives, or-that the capacity
of the people for self-government, which is admit- ,
ted in its broadest extent, is a conclusive argu-
ment to prove the prudence, wisdom, and integrity
of their representatives.
The people, by the Constitution, have com-
manded the President, as much as they have com-
manded the legislative branch of the Government,
to execute their will. They have said to him in
the Constitution, which they require lie shall take
a solemn oath to support, that if Congress pass
any bill which he cannot approve, " he shall return
it to the House in which it originated, with his
objections." In withholding from it his approval
and signature, he is executing the will of the
people constitutionally expressed, as much as the
Congress that passed it. No bill is presumed to
be in accordance wife the popular will until it
shall have passed through all the branches of the
Government required by the Constitution to make
it a law. A bill which passes the House of Rep-
resentatives tnaybe rejected by the Senate; and so
a bill passed by the Senate may be rejected by
the House. In, each case the respective Houses
exercise the veto power on the other.
Congress, and each House of Congress, hold
under the Constitution a check upon the President,
and he, by the power of the qualified veto, a check
upon Congress. When the President recommends
measures to Congress, he avows, in the most
solemn form, his opinions, gives his voice in their
favor, and pledges himself in advance to approve
them if passed by Congress." If he acts without
due consideration, or has been influenced by im-
proper or corrupt motives—or if from any other
cause Congress, oreither House of Congress, shall
differ with him in opinion, they exercise their veto
upon his recommendations, and reject them; ar.d
there is no appeal from their decision, but to the
people at the ballot-box. These are proper chccks
upon the Executive, wisely interposed by the
Constitution. None will be found to object to
them, or to wish them removed. It is equally
important that thfc constitutional checks of the
executive upon the legislative branch should be
preserved.
If it be said that the Representatives in the
popular branph of Congress are chosen directly by
the people, it is answered, the people elect the
President. If both Houses represent the States
and the people, so does the President. The Presi-
dent represents in the executive department the
whole people of the United States, as each member
of the legislative department represents portions of
them.
The doctrine of restriction upon legislative and
executive power, while a well-settled public opin-
ion is enabled within a reasonable time to accom-
plish its ends, has made our country what it is,
and has opened to us a career of glory and happi-
ness to which all other nations have been .strangers.
In the exercise of the power of the veto, the
President is responsible not only to airenligluened
public opinion, but to the people of the whole
Union, who elected him, as the representatives in
the legislative branches, who differ with him in
opinion, are responsible to the people of particular
States, or districts", who compose their lespective
constituencies. To deny to the President the exer-
cise of this power, would be to repeal that provis-
ion of the Constitution which confers it upon him.
To charge that its exercise unduly controls the
legislative will, is to compjain of the Constitution
itself. 1
If the Presidential veto be objected to upon the
