12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 5,
ground that it checks and thwarts the public will,
upon the same principle the equality of represent-
ation of the States in the Senate should be stricken
out of the Constitution. The vote of a Senator
from Delaware has equ&l weight in deciding upon
the most important measures with the vote of a
Senator from -New York; and yet the one repre-
sents a State"%>ntaining, according 10 the existing
apportionment of representatives in the House of
Representatives, but one thirty-fourth part of the
population of the other. By the constitutional
'composition of the Senate, a maj >rity of that body
from the smaller States represent less than one-
fourth of the people of the Union. There ^ire
thirty States; and, under the existing apportion-
ment of representatives, there are two hundred
and thirty members in the House of Representa-
tives. Sixteen of the smaller States are repre-
sented in that House by but fifty members; and
yet the Senators from these States constitute a
majority of the Senate. So that the President
may recommend a measure to Congress, and it
may receive the sanction and approval of more
than three-fo"urths of the House of Representatives,
and of all the Senators from the large States, con-
- taining more than three-fourths of the whole pop-
ulation of the United States; and yet the measure
may be defeated by the votes of the Senators from
the smaller States. None, it is presumed, caribe
found ready to change the organization of the Sen-
ate on this account, or to strike that body practi-
cally out of existence, by requiring that its action
shall be conformed to the will of the more numer-
ous branch.
Upon the same principle that the veto of the
President should lie practically abolished, the power
of the Vice President-to give the casting vote upon
an equal division of the Senateshould be abolished
also. The Vice President exercises the veto power
as effectually by rejecting a bill by his casting vote,
as the President does by refusing to approve and
si n it. This power has been exercised by the
Vice President in a few instances, the most import-
ant of which was the rejection of thebilltorecharter
the Bank of the United Slates in 1811. It may
happen that a bill may be passed by a large major-
ity of the House of Representatives, and may be
supported by the Senators from the larger States,and
the Vice President may reject it by giving his vote
with the Senators from the smaller States; and yet
none, it is presumed, are prepared to deny to him
the exercise of this power under the Constitution.
Bui it is, in pointoffaci,untrue that an act passed
by Congress is conclusive evidence that it is an
emanation of the popular will. A majority of the
whole number elected to each house of Congress
constitutes a quorum, and a majority of thill quo-
rum is competent to pass laws. ' It might happen
that a quorum of the House of Representatives,
consisting of a single member more than half of
the whole number elected to that House, might
pass a bill by a majouty of a single vote, and" in
thai case a fraction more than i one-fourth of the
people of the United Slates would be represented
by those who voted for it. It might happen that
the same bill might be passed by a majority of one,
of a quorum of the Senate, composed of Senators
from the fifteen smaller States, and a single Sena-
tor from a sixteenth State, and if the Senators
voting for it happened to be from the eight of the
smallest of these States, it would be passed by the
votes of Senators from States having but fotnteen
Represtntalives in the House of Representatives,
ami containing less than one-sixtgenth of the whole
population of the United States. This extreme
case is stated to illustrate the fact, that the mere
passage of a bill by Congress is no conclusive evi-
dence that those who passed it represent the ma-
jority of the people of the United States, or truly
reflect their will. If such an extreme case is not
likely to happen, cases that approximate it aie of
constant occurrence. It is believed that not a sin-
gle law has been passed since the adoption of the
Constitution, upon which all the members elected
to both Houses have been present and voted. Many
of the most important acts which have passed
Congress have been carried by a elose vote in thin
Houses. Many instances of this might be given.
Indeed, our experience proves that many of the
most important acts of Congress are postponed
to the last days, and often the last hours of a ses-
sion, when they are disposed of m haste, and by
Houses but little exeeechng the number necessary
to form a quorum.
Besides, in most of the States the members of
the House of Representatives are chosen by plu-
ralities, and not by majorities of all the voters m
their respective districts; and it may happen that
a majority of that House may be returned by a less
aggregate vote of the people than that received by
the minority.
If the principle insisted on be sound, then the
Constitution should be so "changed that no bill
shall become a law unless it is voted for by mem-
bers representing in each House a majority of the
whole people of the United States. We must re-
model our whole system, strike down and abolish
not only the salutary checks lodged in the Execu-
tive branch, but must strike out and abolish those
lodged in the Senate also, and thus practically
invest the whole power of the Government-in a
majority of a single assembly—a majority uncon-
trolled and absolute, and which may become des-
potic. To conform to this doctrine of the right of
majorities to rule, independent of the checks and
limitations of the Constitution, we must revolu-
tionize our whole system. We must destroy
the constitutional compact by which the several
Stales agreed to form a Federaj Union, and rush
into consolidation, which must end in monarchy
or despotism. No one advocates such a propo-
sition; and yet the doctrine maintained, if carried
out, must lead to this result.-
One great object of the Constitution, in confer-
ring upon the President a qualified negative upon
the legislation of Congress, was to protect minori-
ties from injustice and oppression by majorities.
The equality of their representation in the'Senate,
and the veto power of the President, are the con-
stitutional guarantees which the smaller States
have that their rights will be respected. Without
these guarantees, all their interests would be at the
mercy of majorities in Congress representing the
larger States. To the smaller and weaker States,
therefore, the preservation of this power, and its
exercise upon proper occasions demanding it,.is
of vital importance. They ratified the Constitu-
tion, and entered into the Union, securing to them-
selves an equal representation with the larger
States in the Senate; and they agreed to be bound
by all laws passed by Congress, upon the express
condition, and none other, that they should be
approved by the President, or passed, his objec-
tions to the contrary notwithstanding, by a vole
of two-thirds of both Houses. Upon this condi-
tion, they have a right to insist, as a part of the
compact to which they gave their assent.
A bill might be passed by Congress against the
will of the whole people of a particular State, and
against the votes of its Senators and all ^ Repre-
sentatives. However prejudicial it might be to
the interests of such State, it would be bound by
it if the President shall approve it, or it should be
passed by a vote of two-thirds of both Houses;
but it has a right to demand that the President
shall exercise his constitutional power, and arrest
it, if his judgment is against it. If he surrender
this power, or fail to exercise it in a case where he
cannot approve, it would make his formal approval
a mere mockery, and would be itself a violation of
the Constitution, and the dissenting State would
become bound by a law which had not been passed
according to the sanctions of the Constitution.
The objection to the exeicise of the velo power
is founded upon an idea respecting the popular
will, which, if carried out, would annihilate State
sovereignty, and substitute for the present Federal
Government a consolidation, directed by a sup-
posed numerical majority. A revolution of the
Government would be silently effected, and the
States would be subjected to laws to which they
had never given their constitutional consent.
The Supreme Court of the United States is in-
\ vested with the power to declare, and has declared,
1 acts of Congress passed with the concurrence of
j the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the
| approval of the President, to be unconstitutional
; and void; and yet none, it is presumed, can be
found, who will be disposed to strip this highest
judicial tribunal under the Constitution of this
acknowledged power—a power necessary alike to
its independence and the rights of individuals.
For the same reason that the Executive veto
should, according to the doctrine maintained, be
rendeied nugatory, and be practically expunged
from the Constitution, this power of the court
should also be rendered nugatory and be expunged,
because it restrains the legislative and executive
will, and because the exorcise of such a power by
the court may be regarded as being in conflict with
the capacity of the people to govern themselves.
Indeed, there is more reason for striking this
power of the court from' the Constitution than
there is that of the qualified veto of the President;
because the decision of the court is final, and can
never be reversed, even though both Houses of
Congress and the President should be unanimous
in opposition to it; whereas the veto of the Presi-
dent may be overruled by a vote of two-thirds of
botlr Houses of Congress, or by the people at the
It is obvious that to preserve the system estab-
lished by the Constitution, each of the coordinate
branches ofthe Government—theexecutive, legisla-
tive, and judicial—mustbeleft in the exercise of its
appropriate powers. If the executive or the judicial
branch be deprived of powers conferred upon either
as checks on the legislative, the preponderance of
the latter will become disproportionate arid absorb-
ing, and the others impotent for'the accomplish-
ment of the great objects for which they were
established. Oiganized as they are by the Con-
stitution, they work together harmoniously for
the public good. If the Executive and the Judiciary
shall be deprived of the constitutional powers in-
vested in them, and of their due proportions, the
equilibrium of the system must be destroyed', and
consolidation, with the most pernicious results,
must ensue—a consolidation of unchecked, des-
potic power exercised by majorities of the legisla-
tive branch.
The executive, legislative, and judicial, each
constitutes a separate coordinate department of the
Government; and each is independent of the others.
In the performance of their respective duties under
the Constitution, neither can, in its legitimate action,
control the others. They each act upon their
several responsibilities in their respective spheres;
but if the docfrines now maintained be correct, the
executive must become practically subordinate to
the legislative, and the judiciary must become sub-
ordinate to both the legislative and the executive;
and thus the whole power of the Government would
be merged in a single department. Whenever*, if
ever, this shall occur, our glorious system of well-
regulated self-governmentwillcrumbie into ruins—*
to be succeeded, first by anarchy, and finally by
monarchy or despotism. I am far from believing
that this doctrine is the sentiment of the American
people; and during the short period which remains
m which it will be my duty to administer the Exec-
utive Department, it will be my aim to maintain
its independence, and discharge its duties, without
infringing upon the powers or duties of either of
the other departments of the Government.
The power of the Executive veto was exercised
by the first and most illustrious of my predeces-
sors, and by four of his successors who preceded
me in the administration of the Government, and,
it is believed, in no instance prejudicially to the
public interests. It has never been, and there is
but little danger that it ever can be abused. No
President will ever desire, unnecessarily, to place
his opinion in opposition to thatof Congress. He
must always exercise the power, reluctantly, and
only in cases where his convictions make it a mat-
ter of stern duty, which he cannot escape. Indeed,
there is more danger that the President, from the
repugnance he must always feel to come in collis-
ion with Congress, may fail to exercise it in cases
where the preservation of the Constitution from
infraction, or the public good, may demand it,
than that he will ever exeicise it unnecessarily or
wantonly.
During the period I have administered the Ex-
ecutive Department of the Government, great and
important questions of public policy, foreign and
domestic, have arisen, upon which it was my
duty to act. It may indeed be truly said that my
administration has fallen upon eventful times. I
have felt most sensibly the weight of the high
responsibilities devolved upon me. With no other
object than the public good, the enduring fame,
and permanent prosperity of my country, I have
pursued the convictions of my own best judgment.
The impartial arbitrament of enlightened public
opinion, present and future, will determine how
far the public policy I have maintained, and the
measures I have from time to time recommended,
may have tended to advance or retard the public,
prosperity at home, and to elevate or depress the
estimate of our national character abroad*
