1848. .
TMECOM&RESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
Invoking the blessings of the Almighty upon
your deliberations at your present important ses-
sion, my ardent hope is, that in a spirit of harmony
and concord, you may be guided to wise results,
and such as may redound to the happiness, the
honor, and the glory of our beloved country. •
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, December 5, 1848.
Mr. ATHEJtTON moved that .five thousand
copies of the message, and two thousand copies of
the message and accompanying documents, in ad-
dition to the usual niq^er, be printe4 for the use
of the Senate.
Mr. BREESE suggested that th'e importance
of the document rendered it necessary that it should
be generally circulated, and he would suggest that
the order be so modified as to read ten thousand
of ttie message and documents.
Mr. ATHERTON said that the documents
were voluminous, but as the message without the
documents woukl be generally circulated through
the newspapers, he was willing to yield to the
suggestion of the Senator from Illinois, and to
modify his motion accordingly.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to,
and the order was passed in the following form :
Ordeied, That ten thousand copies of the message and
accompanying documents, in addition to the usual number,
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 5, 1848.
Several other members appeared this day and
took their seats, viz :
From the State of Pennsylvania—David Wil-
mot and Andrew Stewart.,
- From the State of South Carolina—Armistead-
Burt and R. Barnwell Rhett.
From the State of Georgia—Alfred Iverson.
From the State of Tenness£e—John H. Cro-
zier and William M. Cocke.
From the State of Maryland—J". G. Chapman.
From the State of Illinois—0. B. Ficklin.
From the State of Iowa—S. Leffler.
On motion of Mr. JAMES THOMPSON,
Resolved, That the Clerk cause to be furnished to^the
meinbeis of this House, during the present session, such
papers as they niaj direcr, the expense thereof not to exceed
the rate of thirty dollars per annum to each member, from
the commencement of this session.
On motion of Mr. HENLEV,
Resolved, That the standing committees, be appointed
according to the rules and orders of jhis House.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
were given as follows, viz;
By Mr. SAWYER: A bill to legalize the loca-
tion of certain land warrants at the land office at
Defiance, Ohio, and for other purposes.
By Mr. G0GG1N: A bill to reduce the rates of
postage on letters and newspapers, to establish
uniform postage charges, and to correct abuses of
the franking; privilege.
Mr. McCLELLAND gave notice of a motion
for leave to introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill making appropriations for the preserva-
tion, repair, and completion of certain harbor im-
provements on the northern lakes.
A bill making appropriation for the improve-
ment of certain harbors on Lake Michigan, and
of the St. Clair Flats.
A bill making an appropriation of land for the
construction of a canal around the falls of St.
Mane, in the State of Michigan. ♦
. By Mr. GREELY: A bill to discourage spec-
ulation in public lands, and to secure homes
thereon to actual settlers and cultivators.
Mr. WENT WORTH, from the Joint Commit-
tee appointed to wait on the President of the Uni-
ted States, and inform him that a quorum of the
two Houses is assembled, and that Congress is
ready to receive any communication he may be
pleased to make, reported that the committee had
waited on the President of the United States and
discharged the duties of its appointment, and that
the Piesident answered that he wouffl make a
communication in writing to the two Houses at
twelve o'clock, instant.
president's message.
A communication in writing was received from
the President of the United States, by J. Knox
Walker, his Private Secretary; which was read.
[See Senate report for the message.]
The Clerk being interrupted in the reading by
the confusion occasioned by the pages distributing
printed copies of the message, and by members
rushing forward to the Clerk's table for them,
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the further read-
ing of the message be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion could
only be received by unanimous consent.
Objections were made, and the Clerk resumed
the reading; at a subsequent stage of which,
. Mr. HASKELL renewed themotiontodispense
with the reading, observing that every member of
the House had a copy in his hand, and that the
reading would consume the entire day.
Mr. VINTON said he believed the reading of
the President's message had never been dispensed
with upon any occasion, and as it would, perhaps
be regarded as disrespectful to the Executive, he
hoped the Clerk would proceed.
The SPEAKER repeated that the reading-could
not be dispensed with except by common consent.
Objections were again made, and the reading was
resumed; and having been concluded—
Mr. BRODHEAD moved the following resolu-
tion : -
Resolved, That the message of the President of the United.
States be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that fifteen thousand copies, with
the accompanying documents, be furnished for the use of
this House-
Mr. BRODHEAD remarked that the.number
he .proposed was the usual number—the number
printed at the last session 'of Congress. He did
not provide in the resolution for the printing of
any of the messages unaccompanied with the doc-
uments, because he believed the simple message
would be in the hands of all their constituents
before those printed by order of the House could
reach them. But the accompanying documents
were important, and were not so generally pub-
lished in the newspapers.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved to amend the
resolution, by striking out "fifteen thousand,"
and inserting " ten thousand." m
Mr. CONGER suggested, that under the rules
of the House, all motions to print extra copies
must be referred.'to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER stated his impression that the
annual message of the President wa§ an exception
to the general rule.
Mr. SMITH obse'rved, that during the last
session, and the preceding session, there had been
great anxiety felt throughout the country to get
] hold of this document, because it contained jn-
I formation in relation to the war of great interest.
! That subject had now lost much of its interest, and
there was not now the same anxiety felt to obtain
| the message. He was satisfied that 10,000 copies
j would be ample to supply every man in the coun-
' try, who was really desirous of getting this docu-
| ment.
, He understood that a large portion of the docu-
! ments of the last session were not yet printed; and
•judging from the manner in which the public
printing had been executed recently, they would
not be able to get 15,000 copies of this document
by the end of the session, and then, he presumed,
no gentleman would want them.
Mr. CONGER read from the law regulating the
public printing, the third section, which prescribes
that all motions to print extra copies of any bill,
paper, or document, in either House, shall be
referred to the Committee on Printing, to report
upon the proper number.
The SPEAKER stated that he had always been
of the opinion that the House of Representatives
made a great mistake in allowing any other,branch
of the Government to interfere with its own rules
of proceedings. The Constitution gives each
House the right to determine its own.rules of pro-
ceedings, and was paramount to any law. There
was a rule of the House requiring all motions to
print extra copies of documents, except the Presi-
dent's message, to lie on the table one day for
consideration. Here the President's message was
excepted from *he general rule, and the Chair was
under the impression that there was no rule re-
quiring the question of printing the message to be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
The question was taken on the amendment pro-
posing to reduce the number to 10,060, and was
decided in the negative: ayes 68, noes 70.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr.HjENLEYsaid hecouldnotunderstand from
his quarter of the Hall, whether a motion had been
made to refer this motion to the Committee on
Printing, or not./
The SPEAKER stated that no such motion ha,d
been niafte.
Mr. HENLEY would make the motion, then*
That was the law, as read by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Congkr.] It required that all
motions to print extra copies of documents should
first be referred to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion was in
order, but repeated that the Chair was of the opin-
ion that the Constitution, giving to each House the
power to determine its own rules of proceedings,
was superior to a law. * ""
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved that the
House adjourn. Lost.
The question was then taken on so much of the
resolution as proposed to refer the message, and
wa«* decided in the affirmative.
So the President's message and accompanying
documents were referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The question recurring on Mr. Henley's mo-
tion, to refer thqT proposition to print to the Com-
mittee on Printing—
3Vfr. HENLY remarked that Congress had un-
dertaken to pass some laws in reference to regula-
tingthe public printing. It was a very important
question. The printing of the public documents
involved a very large expenditure. Congress, two
years ago, after maturely examining the subject,
had passed a law in order to carry into effect a
complete system in relation to the public printing,
and to prevent the extraordinarily and unnecessa-
rily large numbers of public documents being
printed without examining into the necessity of
such printing. Congress had decided, among: other
things, that the motion to print extra copies should
always first be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, to examine the necessity and propriety of their
printing. That committee had always carefully
examined the questions referred to them, and had
never reported in favor of printing unnecessarily
large numbers. The practice of printing large
numbers of documents had grown to a most ex-
traordinary degree of excess. If they had a law, let
them pay some attention to it; if they were not to
be governed by it, let them repeal it: but as long
as the solemn law remained on the statute book
requiring motions to print extra numbers of pub-
lic documents to be referred to the Committee on
Printing before they were acted on by the House,
let the law be observed.
He concluded by demanding the" yeas and nays
on the motion to refer.
TlTe yeas and nays having been refused—
The resolution was agreed to without a division.
So fifteen thousand copies of the President's
message and accompanying documents were or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCK,
The House adjourned.
jj IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 6, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
: a communication from the Department of State,
, containing the report of he Secretary of State,
: made agreeably to law, accompanied by statements
| showing the appropriations and disbursements
i for the service of the Department for the year
; ending 30th June, 1848; which was read, and laid
: on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Treasurer of the United
i States, accompanied by copies of his accounts for
the third and fourth quarters of the year 1847,
. and the first and second quarters of the year 1848,
; as adjusted by the accounting office! s of the De-
partment; which was laid on the table.
; Mr. PHELPS presented the credentials of the
Hon. William Upium, elected a Senator from the
; State of Vermont for the term of six years from
!' the 3d of March next; which were read.
Mr. PHELPS asked leave to withdraw from
the files of the Senate the petition and papers of
Thomas Fillebrown; and leave having been gran-
ted, they were referred to the Committee on the
:j Judiciary.
!! Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked and obtained
