18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11,
continuance in the councils of the country of this
distinguished statesman; the relations of intimacy
and friendship in which he stood to many on this
floor, and of official responsibility and cooperation
in which he stood to all, render peculiarly fit the
melancholy task of pausing in the midst of other
duties, briefly to contemplate the character of a
great man, who was with us but yesterday, and
with whom we may be to-morrow.
Dixon H. Lewis was born gi the county of
Hancock, in the State of Georgia. At an early
period of his life he emigrated with his father to
the State of Alabama, then a new State, and des-
tined to prove the cherishing friend of his unfold-
ing talents and his manly virtues. Atapremature
age he exhibited traits of that mental vigor and
power of discrimination which in after years, de-
veloped and strengthened by exercise in the prac-
tical business of life, placed him among the pro-
foundest statesmen of his country. His education
was completed at South Carolina College; and there,
within the walls of his alma mater, the first intellect-
ual triumphs of the embryo statesman were achiev-
ed, In the emulous conflicts of scholastic rivalry,
his were competitors whose ascendency would have
reflected no discredit upon any from whom they
might have snatched the palm. In the catalogue
of names constitutingthe class in which Mr. Lewis
graduated are an. unprecedented number of those
who have held high and prominent positions be-
fore the country; many of whom have graced with
their presence the hails of this Capitol, and adorned
other stations of equal responsibility in the States
to. which they respectively belonged. And yet
among these stood, primus inter pares, the distin-
guished Senator whose death we deplore. Emer-
ging from the shades of the academy crowned with
its highest honors, and with a mind well stored
with the rich endowments of classic lore, he en-
tered upon the more rugffed arena of practical life.
And here the promise of his schoolboy days was
not disappointed. Competition paused to admire
his rapid and early ascendency to the head of his
profession as a lawyer. He continued, however,
but a short time at the bar. His active and ex-
citable mind'panted for a more enlarged and con-
genial range of thought than could be supplied Jpy
the dry details of the law. ^ He stepped upon the
theatre of politics, and there performed his part till
the curtain of death concealed him from our eyes.
Perhaps no circumstance connected with the
history of this eminent citizen is so demonstrative
of his true worth, as the long and uninterrupted
career of public honor it was his fortune to enjoy.
Scarce had he passed the boundary which sepa-
rates youth from manhood, when, in eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, the voice of the people placed
him in the Legislature of his State. He took at
once, and by common consont, a position in that
body to which mere pretension or mediocrity
would have aspired in vain. And be it spoken to
his honor, as a consistent and farsighied statesman,
that at that period, twenty-two years ago, he im-
pressed upon the archives of the State the evidence
oi those piinciples of public action from which, to
the day of his death, he never departed. From
the councils of the Slate he was transferred to this
branch of Congress, and was removed hence only
to be promoted 10 an office of still higher dignity
in the other end of the Capitol. On this floor he
sat as a representative for eighteen consecutive
years; in the Senate for two; and had been elected
in December last for an additional full senatorial
term, under circumstanccs which went far to show
how strong the confidence his talents and fidelity
had inspired. It was at a time like this, with the
highest honor his State could bestow, newly con-
ferred upon him, with a bright career of honor and
usefulness before him, that the inexorable tyrant
summoned him away.
Dixo.v II. Lewijs, whether we regard the physi-
• cal, the mental, or the moral man, was cast in no
ordinary mould. The more than usual propor-
tions which distinguished him physically, but
typified the large and comprehensive grasp of in-
tellect which was his, and which directed the im-
pulses of a heart which beat in unison with all
that was generous or elevated in man. There was
nothing groveling in his nature. The attainment
of " noble ends by noble means," was the highest
reward to which his viUuous ambition aspired.
From all expedients of doubtful propriety he shrunk
with instinctive timidity. But, governed as he was,
m all the relations of life, by well-Gonsidered and
fixed principles, he always moved forward to the
performance of a known duty with a heart that
knew no quailing. Hence, amid all the fluctuations
of 'opmion to which the public mind has been sub-
jected, since he became connected with the political
history of his own times, his last recorded acts
are in perfect consistence with his first. His nature
was essentially democratic. His sympathies were
ever with the masses. Hence his uniform oppo-
sition to every species-of partial legislation, and
his strenuous advocacy of whatever respected the
greatest good of the greatest number. A more
critical review of his public life than would be
suited to the present occasion, would^xhibit him
as prominently connected with every JRit measure
of progress and reform which has marked the last
twenty years of our public history.
But his race on earth is ended. He will be
missed from the councils of his country, so long
adorned by his virtues and enlightened by his
wisdom; from the social throng, once enlivened by
the flow of his generous heart; but most of all,
from that magic circle where cluster the hallowed
affcctions of home, and where he formed the idol
of every heart.
Unlike the patriarch statesman who fell before
our eyes, full of years as well as of honors, his
earthly sojourn was comparatively brief.
Forty-six years only served to fill the measure
of his allotment in time. His sun of earthly
existence was but at its meridian when the mid-
night of death was tolled; the summer ^f his life
but Balf gone, when the sickle was put in, and the
harvest gathered !
The hand of the reaper
Takes the ears that aro hoary;
But the voice of the weeper
Wails manhood in glory.
Mr. HARRIS concluded by offering the follow-
ing resolutions, which were read, as follows:
Resolved, That the limine of Eepresentatives ha? received 1
with doupsensibility the message from the Senate amioun- I
cms thp dratb of the Hon. Dixon H. Lewis, a Senatoi fiom
the State of Alabama.
•Resolved, That the members and officers of tliis House,
from a sincere dec-ire of manifesting their respect for the
memory of the deceased, will wear the usual badge of i
mourning tor thirty days. ;
Resolved, That the proceedings of this House, in relation j
to the death of the Hon. Dixon H. Lewis, be communicated j
to his family by the Clerk. !
Resolved, That, as a further mark of re«peot for the mem- '
ory of ihe deceased, the House do now adjourn. j
Before the question was put on the above reso- |
lutions—
On motion of Mr. HILLIARD, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourns, it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The question was then put on the foregoing
resolutions, and they were unanimously adopted.
And the House accordingly adjourned to Mon-
day, at twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred:
\ By Mr. KAUFMAN": A petition for the erection of a liglit-
j hoiiM4 at ?abine pa> s, in the £tate of Texas.
1 By Mt. WEHTK: The petition of Abraham Van Fngen,
only smvmrtL' son and heii of Dr. Dirk Van Tncen, prajins
Cortfjress to authonze the pnjmentto him of a loss lie sus-
tained in continental money, &.e.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 11, 1848.
Messrs. Clayton of Delaware, YuLEEOf Flor-
ida, and Johnson of Georgia, appeared in their
seats.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Navy Department,
enclosing reports from the officers of the First and
Second Comptrollers, in compliance with the act
of May, 18:20.
Mr. KING presented the credentials of Benja-
min Fitzpatsuck, appointed a Senator from the
State of Alabama, to fill a vacancy caused by the
death of the Hon. Dixon H. Lewis.
The credentials having been read, Mr. Fitz-
patrick was duly qualified, and took his seat.
Mr. FELCH presented the credentials of Solon
Borland, elected a Senator from the State of Ar-
kansas, to fill the vacancy created by the resig-
nation of the Hon. Ambrose H. Sevier.
„ The credentials having been read, Mr. Borland
was qualified, and took his seat. ;
A message wag received from the House of'
Representatives, announcing that the House had.
elected the Rev. R. Pv. Gurley as their Chaplain.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON,
Resolved, Thg,t the Secretaiy of the Tieasnry be icquested
to report to the Senate, a> tar as practicable, what portion
of the transfers of the sto< ks of the United States are made
for account ot lesident-s of the city of New Yoik, or for
whom said resident* aro acting n(rents. And that he further
report whether a transfer office established in said city
would be of public convenience ; and it so^ apian for estab-
lishing the same.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
containing the report of the Secretary on the finan-
cial state of the country, and a statement of the
receipts-and expenditures for the last year.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
having been read—
Mr. TURNEY moved that it be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved that twenty
thousand extra copies thereof be printed. He said
he disliked very much to make a mption to print so
large a number of any document; but he looked
upon this report as embodying a new system of
finance—which, however, had been in operation
lone: enough to be tested by thfe people.
Mr. CAMERON hoped so large a number would
not be ordered. He thought that the country had
already decided on the merits of the Secretary's
system of finance, and they had decided against
it. Besides, a greater number of copies of the
Secretary's report of last year were printed than
the members of the Senate had been able to use.
Many of them were now lying waste in the com-
mittee rooms. He thought that the number of
copies of the President's message and accompa-
nying documents provided for by the resolution of
| last Tuesday, ten thousand, would be amply suffi-
| cient to meet all the wants of the Senate and the
| country.
Mr. KING said he was prepared, in the first
instance, to go against the printing of the extra
number; but the remarks of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] convinced him that
the whole matter should £0 before the country for
examination, and that it should be disseminated as
widely as possible. He diffeied entirely from the
honorable Senator when he said that the country
had decided against the financial system of the
present Administration; and he would therefore
chcci fully vote for printing the larger number.
Mr. CAMERON desired to say a word m reply
to the remarks of the Senator fiom Alabama. In
his State, (Pennsylvania,) the question upon the
financial system Introduced by the Secretaiy of the
Treasury had been fairly before the people, and
they had decided against it. He thought that the
candidate of the Democratic paity at the late elec-
tion was unfortunately defeated chiefly on account
of the opposition of the people of the United States
to this financial system of the present Secretary of
the Treasuiy. This fact furnished the mostincon-
trovertible evidence to his mind that the people of
this co'untry disavowed the system; and it was
also a sufficient reason with him for opposing the
motion of the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis 1
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, was sorry that the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cam-
eron] had introduced the subjfectwof the tariff in
this irregular manner. But, since it had been
introduced, he would ask, has that Senatoi, or has
any other member of this honorable body, ever
presented the issue of the tariff of 1846, or known
it to have been fairly and distinctly presented, to
the people of the United States during the late
Presidental contest? If so, I should like to know*
where. It is not the financial system of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury alone. The Democratic
party in the two Houses of Congress enacted the
tariff of 1846. The Secretary ha,s carried it out as
an Executive officer, and the people should under-
stand the manner m which he has discharged that
duty. And I add, is it fair, if it has beendecided
against him, as the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cameron] says, that the Secretary should
not be heaul in i elation to the manner in which he
has executed the high and imperative law of the
United States? Why does he wish to conceal the
facts and arguments embodied in the Secretary's
report? Has the decision of the people—the hon-
orable gentleman's constituents—been given upon
a false showing? Why not allow the testimony
in favor of the system to go before the country as
broadly and freely as the accusation against it?
