20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. II,
not intend to go into extraneous matters, But he
found, upon an examination of the printing bill,
that, with the great reduction of prices, the print-
ing of the iast year cost upwards of one hundred
thousand dollars. -Had tile Government paid the
prices given to- Gales & Seaton, it would have
been four hundred thousand dollars. They had
now a large number of those documents about the
House, in the committee-rooms, and he believed
that it was the duty of every Senator to stop this
wasteful extravagance.
Mr. WESTCOTT. There is one thing shown
by this debate, started upon the tricing question
of printing this document, which has gratified
me. It is, that os yet those who supported and
elected General Taylor as President have not said j
-one word-against the printing of the largest mini- 1
ber proposed of this paper. I hope they will not |
vote against it. The-ii!ustrious soldier and states- «
nnan under whose banner they rallied and defeated ;
the Democratic party, when he assaulted Monte-
rey, after he had bombarded the town, got pos-
session of the suburbs, and when he had Ampudia
and Jjis forces in his power, generously and mag-
nanimously accepted a capitulation, m which he
allowed the Mexican chief to retire with the hon-
ors of war—with his colors flying, and with his
other arms, artillery, and his baggage. He had
confidence that if Ampudia did join Santa Anna,
he could flog him again. This conduct became a
ehivalric and proud soldier. I am glad to see, sir,
that as yet no Senator on the other side of this
Chamber—those I mean who were for General
Taylor "first,last,and all the time"—has evinced
a disposition to be less generous and magnanimous
towards the Administration they have just de-
feated by .the ballot-box than the old hero was
towards the Mexicons. It ia creditable to them.
The only opposition is from the Senator fiom
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] and'the Senator from
]New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] all of whom op-
posed General Taylor's election. It would seem
as if the honorable Senators were iryslined to j
change sides and join the victorious party, since j
the battle has been fought and won. New con- j
•verts are always the most zealous,"and deserters
the most vindictive. While the original Taylor
"Whigs are, as I presume from their silence, dis-
posed to -give quarter, the honorable Senators seem
determined to tomahawk and scalp the defeated
Administration without mercy. They deny them
an honorable capitulation—they would refuse them
the honors of war, and insist upon the surrender
of their colors, artillery, small arms, and all.
Those \^ho follow the camp for plunder are the
most cruel to the defeated foe. I hope the friends
of General Taylor will not allow those who resist-
ed his election as strenuously as I did, to grasp all
the honors and spoils of the victory.
Hut one of the strongest arguments in favor of
the printing of the largest number of this document
proposed (:20,000) is, that it is a document which,
from its character, is excluded from mo?t of the
newspapers. They cannot well insert the statisti-
cal statements accompanying it, and without winch
it is not worth a great dealybut the people have to
rely on the copies franked by members of Con-
gress. The number proposed will allow us but
360 each. The Senator from Pennsylvania says
there are bushels of the Secretary's report of last
year in the committee rooms. If so, it is because
Senators have been too indolent to frank them off,
or, being opposed to free trade, have been disposed
to suppress the circulation of the report. I know
very well the honorable Senator very kindly gave
me many of his copies of the jeport of last year,
which I sent away. He had objections to sending
it to Pennsylvania; though, if he had done so, 1
have little doubt he would not now have to lament
the defeat of the Democratic candidate. If the
Senator will send to his constituents the present
report, he may reform the State in some degree,
and four years hence the Whig candidate will be
defeated. I hope that twenty thousand will be
printed;it is just to the Secretary—itisjust to the
Administration.
Mr. METCALFE. It would afford me great
pleasure, as one of the friends of Gen. Taylor, if
1 thought it were consistent with the duty which
J owe to the country, to accord the whole number
of printing desired by the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Davis.] ]?or one, it is not my purpose
to aliow anything to dr®p from my lips that can
provoke party disputations in the Senate. The
question is this: Shall we print twenty thousand
copies of this report—double the number of copies
ordered for the President's message; or shall we
not rather print only the same numoer—ten thou-
sand ? Is it possible, sir, that it is necessary that
the public mind should be illuminated, as the lan-
guage of the honorable Senator from Mississippi
seemed to intimate, by Congressional documents
! exclusively? Are there no other sources of popu-
lar information accessible to the intelligent people
of this country, besides the documents emanating
from thi3 body? On the contrary, the people are
sick and tired of the^dissemination throughout the
1 country of so many of these large documents.
! For what are our printers of newspapers scattered
1 abroad all over the country, if they cannot Uisserm-
' nate the matter of these-reports without the neces-
' sity of issuing from this Capitol so many thousands
! of copies every year, and extending them to such
! numbers that, as the gentleman from New Hamp-
' shire has very properly said, sve have not yet dis-
i tributed half the copies of one of the documents
j ordered at the lust session, for the reason that they
j have not yet come into the possession of members.
They had become extravagant—extremely extrav-
| agant—in relation to the printing of public docu-
I ments. Concurring then, as he heartily did, with
the views presented by the Senator fiom Connec- i
ticut, he was constrained, notwithstanding the
appeal which had been made to Jys magnanimity
by the honorable Senator fiom Florida, to vote
against the proposition to print twenty thousand
copies.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Davis's
motion, by yeas and nays, and i esuited as follows:
YEA^—Mc*>rs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Borland," Btad-
bury, J3i eese, Bnglit, Hut lei, Davis ol jVJis^sHppi, Dickinson,
Dix", Dodge, f)out>las,lJov\) s, l-'ekli, F.tzgeraid, Fitzpatncfc, |
Fot.'lc, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Geoiym, King,
Ru^k, Sturgeo.i, Tumey, VValkei, Westcott, and Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messis. JJadgei, .Baldwin, Hell, Benton, Berrien,
Camel on, Claike, Clay ion, Cor win, Davis ot Massachusetts,
Dayton, Hale, Johnson of Alan land. Johnson of Louisiana,
Meteaiic, All)lei, Niles, Peaiee, Spiuance, Underwood,and
Uphain—2L.
So the order was agreed to.
RAILROAD ACROSS THE ISTHMUS.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial in rela-
tion to the construction of a railroad across the
Isthmus of Panama.
He remarked that the memorial set forth the
great importance of the construction of a railroad
across that Isthmus, in connection with steamships
of the Government tor commerce, the post office,
military and naval stores, &c. it also set iorth
that the company have obtained from the Govern-
ment of New Granada a chaiter giving them the
exclusive ptiviicge to the right of way across the
Isthmus for ninety-nine years, which would of
course be protected by the treaty which we have
already made with that Government.
The memoiialists ask no appropriation of money;
they ask no aid from this Government in the con-
struction of the work. They propose to make the
road with their own money—their own means;
and all they ask is, that tins Government shall
contract with them, at reasonable prices, for carry-
ing the mails, munitions of war, and naval stores,
when the road shall be finished, and no money to
be paid until the work goes into operation and the
service is performed.
The memorial is as follows:
j To the Honorable Ihe Senate and Home of Representatives:
! The memorial of VVm. H. A^pmwall, John L. Stephens,
; Henry Cbaiuieey, and their associates!, respecauily repre-
• sents:
J That ihe acquisition of California and the settlement of
' oui boundary line in Oiegon have opened a new era in the
I histoi v of tin* country. Of the vaiue of these new tcinto-
j ries they do not piopose to speak further than to say, that
{ the i.iildnos of the climate, the richness of the soil', the
i great promise of minora) wealth, and, above al), the long hue
j ot coast, witluhe magnificent harbois on the Pacific, seem
i to be sufficiently appteeiated by all classes of our people.
I At this moment hundreds of young men, full of enterpnse,
j fiom our eastern States, are bulletins! the storms of ( ape
! Horn, white in the coming spnng the haidy pioneers ot the
j West will be moving by thousands over the desolate prairies
| or climbing the nigged steeps of the Rocky Mountain*, to
j build up for ih new States on the I'acifie. Already it i--felt
t a< a hardship by those who go out from amongst tN, that.
] once settled California and Oregon, they are, 10 a gieat
I extent, cut off from all the dearest relations of life, and'that
| there are no means of returning or ot persona) inteieourt e
\\ with friends at home, except by the stoumest passage ever
j known at sea, or the most toilsome journey ever made by
land.
In view of this condition of things, and to hold out some
Gncema^emem to emigi ants that they might net be virtually
expatuated when upon our own soil, and with a further
view oi facilitating our communications with ournnlitaiy
and naval stations on the Pacific, Congress, at us ses-
sion before the last, established ff line of monthly mail
steamers itom New Yoik to Chagresori the Atlantic side of
the Isthmus of Panama, and from Panama, on the Pacific
£ide, to California and O.egon. This will no doubt answer
sufficiently the great purpose of facilitating correspondence
by mail with those territories, but it cannot answer, to any
extent, the imiuedMle and piessiug want of a tlioroughfaie
for travel which women and chtldten may pass ovei,nor
can it answer at all the constant and sometimes piess-
ir>g occasions for the transportation of men, munitions of
war, and naval stores, for our military and naval stations on
the Pacific; al) of which,however great the emergency and
at whatever sacrifice of time and money, must go by the
long and hazardous voyage aiound Cape Mom, or by the
wild paths acioss the lioekv iYlountains, for half^the year
co\ ered u ith snows, and entir< ly impracticable.
The Isilvmus ot Panama is about fifty miles in breadth,
less than on any other paitof the continent of America, And
fiom the failing off of the gieat rarise of Cordillcias, running
from the Roc lev Mountain!) to the Andes, it lias always been
considered as tne region in which, if ever, au easy commu-
nication would be aliccted, cither by canal or road, b'tween
the iwosea® The route oxer it is probably wor*e new than
in the early days of Spanish dominion, when the gold of
Peru passed over it, to freight with almost fabulous wealth
tne aigosies of Spam. No wheel carnage has everattompfed
to ciosh it. Tne present mode ot doing so is by canoe, up-
the Chagres liver, sot, tor a great part of the distance, by
poles against tne cuirent, and lequinng twenty-eignt to
thirty hours to Cruccs. Thence to Panama there is a mule
road, diihcult al al) times foi women and children, paiticu-
larly with tne effects of a moving or emigrating party, and,
dining tne rainy season, almost impassable.
The Pacific Mail Comnany, charg"d with the transpoita-
tton of the m«il fiom Panama to California, and to Oiegon,
compusing your memorialists, immediately upon assuming
the obligations of their contuict, saxv the nefcehuty, for their
own interest, ot impioving the road aciossthe Isthmus; and,
altei consultation with several gentlemen in high position
at Washington, took upon themselves the huidtn and ex-
pense of ratine out an expedition for the purpose of an ex-
amination and survey. One of their associates, to whom,
the execution of this work was intrusted passed the last
winter nil the Isthmus, attended by txvo engineers ot high
landing, who, besides making general observations upon
the taceof the counuy, commenced a regular survey of high
water mai k on the shore of the Pacific, and- earned Hacro-ss
the Cordiileias doxvn to the first stream that enters into the
Atlantic, when the farther prosecution, of the work was
broken up by the setting in of the lainy season; and the
paiiy returned to New Yoik.
The scheme of tins company, i*n incurring thp expense of
this expedition, contemplated, as jour memorialists under-
stand, some action on the part of the Government in the
way of it> aiding in theconsti uction Qf at least a good xvagon
or a plank load ; but the result satisfied them that, from the
broken character of the coutiny and th> delugesofthe rainy
season, this would be a' woik of far gi eater magnitude than
they had expected, and in the mean tune a new aspect has
been given in this matter by tne important action ot the
Government itself.
A tiealy h«js been negotiated with theGoveinment of New
Granada, by which the United States have undertaken, in
consideration of a free and uninterrupted light of way over
the Isthmus ol Panama, by any load oi roads then existing,
or theieafter to be made, to guaianty to the public the neu-
trality of tlie isthmus and ihe authority of New Granada
ovef it: so that if the isthmus should he invaded by any for-
eign Power, the United States are bound to protect it with*
their army and navy. This treaty,-o new in its character
and so important m thp obligations it assumes, was ratified
by the Senate, as your memorialists undeistand, without a
dis&en.nig voice; and your memorialists icgard it as a mari-
ne! indication on the part of our Government of the great
national importance of a fiee and unmteirupted pas-age a£
all times and forever aeioss the Isthmus of Panama, as the
clo-inj; act of that policy which established the mail loute
to California and G<egon by way of that isthmus, and as
devolving upon the Government the necessity of lending its
countenancc umards the improvement ot the load across
it, without which, they respectfully represent, the heavy
obligations of the treaty wiil be attended with no equivalent
advmtage. arid the right of way tlnn xvi-ely secured can
novel be fully enjoyed. Impte^sed v^th the importance of
tins.ma.tte!, as involving the prospeuty of California and
Oregon, and the welfare of all who are m any way connected
with our cit'zens in those Territories; and regarding it as
vitally fiffucMng the best interests of our Govt rnmcnt m a
political and pecuniary point of view; and having under
their contiol the maps, drawing, and other infonnation p«o
ciued by the Pacific Mail Company,—,vour memorialists
have seeured to themselves an exclusive grant or privilege
of ninety-nine years, trom the Rt public of New Giai.ada,
for constructing a laiiroad arioss the Kthmin of Panama;
and th-jy come before jour honoiable body to ask the toop-
eiai'on and aid necessary for carrying out this git at Amen-
: can work. They beg leave to «ay, that its speedy comple-
| tion hv puvate cnteipnse alone, without the eountenauce
, of Covi-rnmeiit,jcannot be expected. Privilege aftei jaivi-
■ lege, similar to that which they now hold, ha^bcen granted
i to otheis, and all have failed. * Jt does not promise any nn-
; mediate or eeitam returns; and tor complete and early suc-
j cevgj it requires «-ome engagement fur emploxment and
j compensation by this Govern merit, a^ an inducement tocap-
, ifahst* to unite with your meinoiialists m furnishing the
I n' ce-sary ni'Miis.
j Your memorialists believe that events have been rolling
; on toward^ a consummation of thislong-tallo d-of woik, and
j that the appointud time has now ai rived; that the aequiM-
i lion of Californiaby the United States and the ("«tabhs>l iuent
; of an oigamzed government m our territoiy of Oiegon have
' fi\-« el the penod and the hands by which it is to b*j accom-
plished; that it has become the destiny ol thi4 country, (or
its own i4Jteie--ty, for the benefit of it^ oxvn people, and for
the good of the world, alone, promptly, and without delay,
to aeiaiave an entcip*ue which for mora ihas thre# ceatu-
