1848.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
ries has, under some aspect, been contemplated and pro-
posed by all tile great Powers of Europe. It is under a
fctrong sen*e that tiiey but speak the feelings of the great
•mass of our people that they have ventured to embar.k in the
great enterprise before-th^m, and to aim at. becoming instru-
ments m carrying out a work which, trom the time when
Nunez Balboa, from ihe heights of Uarien,~fn>tsawtfee great
South Sea, has occupicd ihe minds of all civilized people,
which miht reflect honor upon American enterpiise, and
which, fey bringing into close relations the most distant parts
of our republic, mast add to and enlarge the sphere of hu-
man happiness.
Your memorialists hope that these and other considera-
tions of the like nature may hive all proper influence upon
jour honorable body; but they ask your cooperation on
none of these grounds ; they atk it only on the ground, fir?t,
©foeonmny and pecuniary living to ihe Government, in the
transportation of meti, munitions of war, and naval stores to
our mthuuy and naval stations in California and Oregon; and
second, on the higher and more important political giound
of being able on an emergency, artd when occasion requires,
to send reinforcements in less than thirty aa\s, instead of
six months, as required u>>end them around Cape Horn or
across the Roeky Mountains. Tney ask no advance of
money towards the -construction ot the road, and no com-
pensation until services are performed; but they respect-
fully pray jour honorable bodies to empower and direct the
Secretaiy of the Navy to enter into a contract with your
memorialists lor the transportation on said road, for a period
oftwenty years,ofnaval and army supplies, including troops,
munitions of war, provisions, naval stores-, the mail* of the
United States, and Us public aieufe^at a sum not exceeding
the amount now specified by law to be p'tid tor the trans-
portation of the mails alone from New York to Liverpool;
provided that your raemoraU.-ts thai! within one year com-
mence,and within three jears complete,the construction of
a railroad across the Isthmus of Panama, connecting the
waters of the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
W. H. ASPINWALL,
JOHN L. STEPHENS,
# HENRY CHAUXCV.
On motion, the memorial was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice that he would, to-
morrow, or on some convenient day, introduce a
bill granting the right of way, an4 making a dona:
tion of land to the State of Illinois, in aid of cer-
tain railroads connecting the upper and lower Mis-
sissippi with the line of northern Lakes and Chi-
cago.
CALIFORNIA. ^
Mr. DOUGLAS. "Mr. President, I now ask
leave to introduce a bill, of which notice was given
last Monday, for the admission of California as a
State of this Union. I desire to submit a few con- ;
siderations why I think this course should be j
adopted. I
Leave having been given— I
Mr. D. proceeded. The reason why I take this !
step in reference to tjje territorial government of i
California, a bill for which was proposed at the last ;
session of Congress, is this; A great revolution !
has taken place in the prospects and condition of !
that country since the adjournment of the last ses- j
sion of Congress. The discovery of vast mineral ;
wealth and the completion of the line of steamers |
connecting that country with the United States,
furnishing the means of transportation between the j
two countries, have invited into that country a tide I
of emigration so great, and constantly increasiftg, j
that we find, that although we did not anticipate, !
for many years, a population sufficiently large to*!
entitle that country to admission into our Union as j
a State, we now have reason to believe that the ^
time is close at hand when California will possess 1
a population far exceeding the number requisite to j
entitle her to adnaission asaState into this Con- I
federacy.^Another reason is, I despair of any hope
of passing a territorial bill at this session of Con-
gress, for reasons which may be apparent to ail of
us, as three different bills, presented for that pur- ,
pose, have been already rejected. Another reason :[
is, if we have to wait till the nSxt session of Con- j
gress before we shall legislate, I apprehend that i
ail-idea of territorial government will be at an^nd, I
as there will be a population, as I have before said,
in California sufficient to entitle her to admission
as a State into this Union.
My bill provides that all the territory acquired
from Mexico by the tieaty of peace shall consti-
tute one 8ftate in this Union, Congress reserving
the right, at any time it may choose to .exercise it, !
of forming new States out of any portion of said
territory which lies east of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, so that there will be a permanent State
of California upon the coast; and the territory
lying east of that range of mountains, including
the valleys of San Francisco and Sacramento,
would form a State of about the size of the State
of Virginia, 1 also propose to divide this State
into two judicial districts, to be known as the east
district and theAvest district, the judges of which
shall reside in their respective districts.
These are thesoutlines of the bill. I bring them
forward merely as a suggestion, with the hope
that out of it we may get something that will be a
law to the people of that 'country. If it be the
wish of the Senate that a territorial bill shall be
introduced in the place of this, I am ready now,
with great pleasure, to support the bill of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] chairman of
the special committee appointed at the last session,
or, with still greater pleasure, support a bill pre-
senting and carrying but the Missouri compro-
mise, as I proposed myself at the last session.
But if we cannot get this, I am in favor of giving
law to the people of that country by bringing it
into the Union at once, that we may give quiet-
ness and harmony to the country, and that we may
be able to settle this question.
The Secretary then read the bill, as follows:
A BILL tor tiie admission of California in the Untou as a
State.
Be ii mactedftQc., TiK&t all that portion of the territory of
the United states which was acqiurtd by the "treaty of
peace, friendship, limits, a.d settlement with the Republic
of Mexico, concluded X>Vu«*ary 2,1848," shall be one State,
and the same is hereby declared to be one of the United
States ot Ameuca, on an equal footing with the original
Stare* in ail reaper ts whatsoever, by the name and title of
the State of California: Provided, That Congress reserves to ,
iLselt the right, at any tune it may choose to exercise the j
same, of forming and admitting new States out of any por-
tion of said territory winch lies east of the summit of the ;
lange known as the Sioira iVevad.ior California mountains: J
Jind provided, Jurther, That the United States reserve unto j
themselves ail lights of property in the punhc domain and
other property ceded by taid tieaty free fiom taxes and ■
assessments^!' any kind by said State; and also the power jj
of disposing of the same, including the right ot adjusting alUlj
claims and titles to ti.e same derived from foreign Govern- !!
ments, in such maimer as Congress shallT>rescribe. j i
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That all the laws of the i:
United States winch are not locally inapplicable shall have
the same force and effect within the said State of California
as elsewhere in the United States. The said State shah be
divided into two judicial districts, to be known as the east-
etn and western districts of California; and that portion
thereof which he  west of the meridian of longitude
from Washington shall constitute the western district, and
all that part ol said tenitory east of said meridian line shall
comprise ihe eastern district. A dsstuct court shall be held
in each of said districts, to consist of one judge in each, who
shall reside therein, and be called the district judge. The
said judges in their respective districts shall hold tiuee ses-
sions ot their courts annually, to commence on the fiist
Mondays m June, Uctobtr, and Febiuar}, hi eachycai,
and the said judges shall, in their respective districts, m all
things, have and exercise the same jurisdiction and poweis
which were givt n by 1<#W to the judges of the Kentucky dis-
trict, under an act entitled " An act to establish the judicial
courts of the United States," and an act entitled "An act
in addition to an act to establish the judicial courts of the
United States," appioved the second day of March, 1703,
and the acts supplemental thereto. The said judges shall
each appoint hi? own clerk, who shall receive and kepp the
records of the court at we place of holding the same, and
shall receive for services peiformed b> him tne same iees to
which the clerk ot the Kentucky court is entitled for similar
services.         
Beg. 3. dndbe it further enacted, That there shall be ap- j; in force respecting the establishment of religion,
pointed by tne Piesidcnt, by and with the advice and eon-  
sent of the Senate, for each of said districts, adUtnctjudge, |
an attorney for the United States, and a maishal. Tr.e !
judgesshali each receive an annual salary of two thousand ,
dollars, to commence from the date of appointment, and be ;
paid at the Treasury of the United States. The district ■
attorney shall, m aatiition to ins stated iee=, be paid by the j
United States two hundred dollars annually, as a full com-
pensation for extra services. The marshal shall perforin !
the same duties, be subject to the same regulations and pen- i
alties, and be entitled to the same fees as are provided for :
and prescribed to marshals m other districts, and shall more-
over be entitled to the sum of two hundred dollars annually :
as a compensation for ail extra serv icys.- j
S?ec. 4, Mnd he it,further enacted, That, until the next gen-
eral census and apportionment, the said ^tate shall he en- ;
titled to two Kepiesentativts in the Congress ot the United
States.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the bill was read
a second time by its title.
It was also, on motion-, ordered'to be printed for i
the use of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT,
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of the Treasury communi-
cate to the Senate such information as he may po.->e^ with
respect to the expediency ot a speedv suivey, by the Coast ■
Suive},of the reefs and coasts of South Florida, and the
making of authentic charts thereof; and also, an estimate of ;
such additional or special appropriation as may be necessaiy
therefor.
Mr. ATHERTON submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the orders passed at the close of the last
session, discharging the Committees on Commerce, JPc«n- ;
sions, Military Affairs', and Naval Affairs, fioni the business-'
not reported on, be rescinded, so far as they include bills,
resolutions, and reports~erehra«6£-iJi the joint rule adopted ;
by the Senate on the 11thTWbfu'gust- last.
Mr. ATinSiSppN asked the consideration of '
the resolution at this time; and the resolution being..
under consideration, :
Mr. ATHERTON read the joint resolution
adopted at the last session, as follows:
Resolved, That the following be added to the jomtniles
of the two Houses:
"After six days fiom the commencement of a second or
subsequent session of Congress, all bills, resolutions, or re-
poits which originated in either House, and at the close Of
ihe next preceding session remained uncletf-i mined in either
House, shall be resumed and acted on in the same manner
as if an adjournment had not taken place."
He then explained, that before the adoption of
this rule, several of the committees had been dis-
charged from the business before them. His ob-
ject, in the introduction of this resolution, was to
restore to these committees the business from
which they had been thus discharged, in order
that it might be resumed according to the instruc-
tion of the new rule.
The resolution was thfen agreed to.
On motion of Mr., KING,
Ordered, That the Senate will, *t 12 o'clock to-morrofr,
proceed to the election of the committees'.
j Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, on leave, introduced
a joint resolution reappointing two of the regents"
of the Smithsonian Institute, whose terms had ex-
pired; which was read a first time.
Mr. DAVIS explained the necessity for the im-
mediate passage of the resolution, as a meeting of
the regents would take place on Wednesday, and
it was important that the board should be fully
organized.
The joint resolution was then read a second,
time, passed through Committee of the Whole, and.
was read a third time and passed.
CHAPLAIN. ~*° "
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the election of a Chaplain.
The Senators proceeded to ballot, and on the first
ballot, the numbers appeared as follows:
Total number of votes...* ...47
Necessary to a choice     24
For Mr. Slicer .28
Mr* Henshaw ....... 6
Mr. Smith   9
Mr. Dewey  4
Blank    1
So the Rev. Mr. Slicer was reelected Chaplain.
Mr. RUSK presented a memorial from Marvin
W. Fisher, praying compensation* from Govern-
ment for the use of his copper percussion caps;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. BADGER presented the memoiml, petition,
and remonstrance of the ministers and delegates
representing the churches which compose the Ke-
hukee Primitive Baptist Association, assembled
iCCUHlb Ol llie LUUIl til Ult UldCc Ol ilOIUlilu 11115 S.U1H . <lliU | • t~\ r _ • i .1 "rv • j-> | j s~~i .
shall receive for services pei formed b> himtne same ices to !j Conference with the Baptist Church at Great
        i < —:• Swamp, Pitt county, North Carolina, praying that
ongress will abolish all laws <i£ resolutions now
whereby Chaplains to Congress, the army, and
navy, are employed and paid to exercise theix reli-
g-ous functions.
Mr. BADGER said he wished it to be under-
stood that he did not concur in the object of this
memorial. He thought the petitioners were cn-
, tirely wrong. But as tbe petition was couched in
respectful language, he would ask for its reading,
and would then move that it be laid on the table
and printed.
The petition was then read, laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over under the rule:
Revoked, That, until otherwise ordered, Thursday of each
week he set apart for the con-«rd«iatKw of piiv.ue lulls;
and that at one o'clock, p.m..on U'lrtftsday nexu the s3*:nate.
will procccd to the consideration ol tbesejbitl?. to the exclu-
sion of oilier business.
The Senate^adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
monday, December 11, 184d.
The Journal of Thuisday last was read and
approved.
Several other members appeared and took their
seats, viz,
ift From the State of Texas—timothy pillsbvry.
From the State of Pennsylvania—john' fr;ee&-
LJ&t.
From the State of Alabama—john* gatle.
From the State of Virginia—Axdui;w S. ful-
tvon.
From the State of Arkansas—Robert W. Joh#-
