24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 11,
a committee upon the rules and oeders of the
House, and the gentleman from Tennessee could
then offer his proposition, and refer it to that com-
mittee, who would take such action upon it as
they might deem proper. He was now very
apprehensive that there was to be no end to this
discussion, and no end to their efforts tQ amend
the rules, if they were to favor propositions of this
character at all; and he desired to ask of the Chair
whether it was'competent for him to move the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER replied that the previous ques-
tion might be moved; but the question on the
amendment, having been first moved, must be first
put.
Mr. SMITH inquired, in case the previous
question was sustained, if it did not cut off the
amendment?
The SPEAKER, said the previous question could
not be put until after the question was taken on
the amendment; and he read from the Manual on
this point. |
Mr. SMITH. If the previous question is moved, ,
does it stop debate on this proposition?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative; but said
he would regard the previous question as moved,
so that, when this amendment was disposed of,
no other could be moved, and then no debate could
arise except upon the previous question—the pre-
vious question being debatable under the Parlia-
mentary law.
Mr. WHITE inquired, in case this resolution
was adopted, if it did not place all the bills and
resolutions, &c., on the calendar as they were at
the close of the last session—if it did not leave the
House precisely in the position in which they were
at the close of the last session?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. WHITE said, then, that a proposition of
this character had been refeired to the Committee
on Rules, and remained unacted on. He wished
to know whether it would not be competent to
reach it in the ordinary way? and whether there
was, therefore, any necessity for the adoption of
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee?
Mr. MARSH said he did not rise For the pur-
pose of impugning or defending the conduct of the
Board of llegents, or even for the purpose of en-
tering into the discussion of the merits of this
motion; but simply that it might not be inferred
from his silence that any member of the board in
this House was opposed to the adoption of the
resolution. On the contrary, he was now, and
had been from the time it was offered at the last
session, decidedly in favor of its adoption. He
was satisfied, fiorn what he had seen of the man-
agement of this institution, that a committee such
as was proposed by the gentleman from Tennes-
see would serve as a most wholesome and neces-
sary check upon the proceedings of this institution.
He believed that the Board ot Regents would be,
and oughtto have been long since, made acquainted
with its direct responsibility to the power which
had created it.
Mr. RHETT said, for the reasons which the
gentleman from Vermont had assigned, he trusted
a committee would not be appointed. He wanted
no such direct responsibility as the gentleman
had spoken of. He was opposed to any con-
nection of the Government with this institution;
and he would suggest to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee that his establishment of a standing) com-
mittee was the very method of all others which
was to give permanency to this institution, and
a tach it forever to the Government. The only
way to get rid of it was, to let all the .money be
paid over to these gentlemen—the regents, and
t ie Government cut themselves loose Irom it en-
tirely. He was opposed to any committee, standing
or otherwise, winch set up a congressional super-
vision over the regents of this institution, or over
the institution itself, He hoped, therefore, unless
the House was determined to carry on this con-
nection, to perpetuate it, and be responsible for
the acts of tins institution, that this committee
would not be appointed. On the contrary, if the
'regents thought proper, let the whole money be
paid over to them, and the Government be cut
off entiiely from all responsibility or. connection
with it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said he would
take the liberty of making a remark here, foi the
purpose of setting himself arid the State which he
had the honor to represent in some degree right,
in reference to this Smithsonian fund. The gen-
tleman from Alabama had said that the State of
Arkansas had squandered all this fund. Now,
whether it was any enjoyment to the gentleman
to assail his (Mr. J.'s) State 
Mr. H1LLIARD explained, disclaiming the
slightest intention to assail the gentleman's State,
and saying that he had merely spoken of the
miftiey as being lost or squandered by the General
Government.
Mr. JOHNSON said the gentleman ought to
have been aware of the fact, that he might wound
fhe feelings of some persons on the floor, in his
rather loose and general style of speaking. He
had heard those who did not like some of the
Yankees, damn them all as a class. He never
thought they did exactly right to damn every
Yankee (a laugh) because they disliked some few
whom they had met. There were some very
clever gentlemen amongst them; he wished there
were as good elsewhere.
Now, he wished to say a few words in regard to
this State and this fund. The gentleman had said
the whole of this Smithsonian legacy had been
squandered by the State of Arkansas. Squan-
dered—how? Did the gentleman know anything ^
about the disposal of this money by the State of j
Arkansas? If he did, he knew it hau been lost by
the adoption, by that State, of his loved system— |
the banking system. ' !
He wished to state, in order that his State might j
stand free from any unjust chaige here, that there ;
was not, within the limits of that State, and never j
Jiad been, a respectable party, known as a party; j
^vho would repudiate the fiist dollar of the debt i
she owed. If there were such persons, he could J
only pledge himself, as an humble individual, that I
he would always fight them. Small as she was, i
insignificant as she was, there was no man within <
her limits who could live a political life for one i
day, and espouse such a doctrine. What was her i
condition' She was poor; her population was j
small; the taxes upon her people would be in-
creased beyond human endurance, if they were
put on to pay this debt at once. She was grow-
ing; she had natural resources, great and extensive;
give them time to be developed, and she would
pay this debt, and every other debt she owed. He
believed it, before God.
—T3ut in the account between the United States
and the State of Arkansas, the debt was not alto-
gether on the side of the latter. It had used to be
a matter of jest with his predecessor—a proud and
honorable man, whose post he could never fill—
that whenever the United States would settle, then
Arkansas would settle too. There was, neverthe-
less, a good deal of truth in this. The whole per
centage on the sales of the public lands, which be-
longed to that State, had been reserved by the Gov-
ernment—for what? To apply towards the pay-
ment of this Smithsonian fund. What the amount
was, he did not know. He hoped there would be
enough to pay the interest; he would like it if
there was enough to pay the principal too; there
might not be enough to pay either. But that that
State would come up to the mark, and fully pay
all her debts, both principal and interest, when-
ever she was able to do so, he assured the gentle-
man from Alabama and the country. He hoped
•the gentleman would not further attack the State
in general; he would rather he wo«ld attack him.
He did hope they would hear no more of this
general denunciation—as far, at least, as the State
of Arkansas was concerned. [A laugh.] He did
not care if the gentleman attacked Alabama, [re-
newed laughter,] or any other State, with the con-
sent of those who were to defend her; but let him
not jump upon his State, because she was small!
Why, gentlemen of magnanimity ought to be
ashamed of themselves for such a course.
He was against this amendment, because this
! business was already placed in the hands of hon-
orable men, the regents of the institution, who
were fully competent todischarge the duty assigned
to them; and furthermore, because they were amply
severe upon the State of Arkansas, [a laugh,] from ]
the experience he had had with them, without other [
| men being added to them. i
i Mr. HILL1ARD rose simply for the purpose ;
' of disclaiming any intention, in the remarks he !
j had made, to assail the State of Arkansas.
I Mr. McILVAlNE rose, and was understood to
j intimate his desire to move an amendment. But
I it was not now in order.
The question was thereupon taken on the amend-
ment of Mr Johnson, of Tennessee, and was
decided in the negative
So the amendment was rejected.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded; the, main question was ordered to be
put; and, under its operation, the resolution of Air.
Smith was adopted.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
communications, viz:
I. The annual report from the Secretary of the
Treasury on the state of the finances; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and .Means,
and ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with the act approved .
on the first of May, 1820, a statement from the
Second Comptroller of the Treasury, of the appro-
priations for the naval service for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1848; which letter and statement
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be print-
ed.
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
transmitting the annual report of the operations of
the General Land Office during the last year, by
the Commissioner thereof; wliich letter and report
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
IV. A report from the Clerk of the House of
Representatives on the resolution of the House of
the 7th of August, transmitting a statement of the
books furnished in compliance with said resolution;
laid on the table, and ordered to printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the States in .
their order for resolutions.
When the State of Massachusetts was called in
its order—
Mr. ASHMUN rose and said, that he had not
risen to offer any resolution, but simply to state
the reason why he should not do so. The resolu-
tion which he had had the honor to introduce,
some days ago, in relation to the reports of the
debates and proceedings of this House, had met
with an unexpected opposition. It had met not
only the opposition of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wentwortji,] and a sympathizing opposi-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] to
which he (Mr. A.) would make no reply, but it
had also met other opposition from gentlemen con-
: nected with the press. It appeared to have started
the jealousies of the press, and he certainly would
not dare to touch so delicate an organ.
He also understood that a petition had been this
day presented from a paper published in the city
of New York—the Herald—asking that the de-
bates might be published in that paper, and making
certain propositions, having that object in view.
That petition has been referred to the Committee
on Public Printing, and, so far as he was concern-
ed, he was content to await the action of the com-
mittee on the subject. He desn-ed, however, to
say, that in declining forth? present to renew the
proposition directing the Clerk to enter into a
contract with the proprietors of the National In-
, telligencer and the Union, he acted entirely with
ij the concurrence of the editors of the former pa-
i] per. He had in his possession a note from
jj them, requesting him to withdraw the proposition,
;i because they had observed the character of the
|: comments which, here and elsewhere, had been
jj made upon it. They declared that their self-respect
|i would not permit them to place themselves in a
jj position where they could be represented as the
j " baited" and pensioned agents of this House,
ij Under the parliamentary law, he presumed the res-
ii olu'tion would die on the day on which it had
]l been offered. He had now the opportunity of re-
jj newing it; but, as he had stated, he should decline
! to do so. He wished to say, however, that in his
1 .judgment the House and the country could not
j secure accurate, fair, prompt, and impartial reports
j! under any other system than that contemplated in
n his proposition. He knew that the only mode by
j; wljich such reports had hitherto been promptly ,
ij conveyed to gentlemen of all parties, had been
i through the medium of these papers. He knew
i of no other paper, with the single exception of the
i New York Herald, which had attempted a daily
j publication of the debates and proceedings of Con-
: gress. That paper had done more m this respect
j than any of its compeers in New York, enterprising
;as the proprietors of these papers were; and it was
