1848.
the congressional globe.
37
Illinois, asking the establishment of a mail route
from Galatta, in Saline county, to Mrs. Hawkins's,
in Perry county, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Offipe and Post
Roads.
iVl r. BREESE also presented a petition of Mary
Hasseli, widow of Benjamin Hassell, asking for a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. BREESE also presented a petition of Ruth
Keor, widow of a revolutionary soldier, asking
for a pension; which was referred to 0e Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented two petitions from
citizens of Columbia county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing a -modification of the existing tariff; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a petition
of Thomas M. Taylor, a purser in the navy, pray-
ing to be released from liabilities for certain mo-
neys which were lost in consequence of the failure
of the bank in which they were deposited; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a pe-
tition of John S. Shriver, president of certain
sieamboat companies engaged in the coasting
trade, asking to be relieved from certain charges
imposed by the act of 1793; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition of Charles Colbeever, asking compensation
for services as yeoman in the navy; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. D1X presented a petition of Charles M.
Keller and others, in behalf of a convention of
inventors, asking that certain defects in the patent
laws may be remedied; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition of Samuel Colt,
asking that he may be authorized by law to fur-
nish repeating fire-arms for the use of the Govern-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Aff.iirs, and ordered to b.e printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a pe-
tition of Joseph Raynes, asking the confirmation
of his claim to a certain tract of land; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. TJPHAM,
O.dcreiJ, That thp petition of Axe J Spalding, and the
documents relating to the claim of Carolina Meek, on the
file-* or' the Senate, he referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
Or-lered, That ihe petition of Er>kine & Eichelberger he |
taken tiom the tiles of the Senate, and referred to the Com- j
rmUce on Claim*. ;
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, ;
That the petition of Joiiri MrColgan be taken j
from the files oi the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce. j
On motion by Mr. DIX, j
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Joseph Wilson, '
deceased, on the hies of the Senate, be-referred to the Com- !
imttee on Chums. j
.Also, that the memorial of Horace Soulhmayd & Son, j
and of Sfuah Crandell, James Werinsbey, and the heirs of ;
Samuel Beach, have Have to withdraw their petitions and
papeis.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON,
Ordered, That A-a Andrews have leave to withdraw his
pennon and papers.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition of William
Barton, for arrears of pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
The following- adverse reports, made at thelast
session, were taken up, and severally concurred
in:
From the Committee on Pensions: On the peti- 1
tions of Elijah Buchanan, Sarah Tyler, Amos !
Doughty, Joseph Hair, Henrietta Bedinger, Mary ;
Coleman, Mehitable Gibbs, Reuben. M. Gibbs, i
John Stanert, Nancy Jillson, Isaac Davenport, I
Jedediah Gray, Hector St. John Beetley, Joseph -
Barclay, Leonard Giay, and Mary Morris Foote. [
From the Committee on Naval Affairs: On the i
petitions of John Baldwin, Ann Kellogg, widow i
of Daniel Kellogg, John Errickson, and Abel
Gregg.
From the Committee of Claims: On the petitions
of Arnold Naudain, Littleton D. Tcackle, and
Amos Holton.
From the Committee on Indian Affairs: On the
petitions of Samuel Rusk, William Tyler, and
George S. Gaines, late Choctaw commissioners;
of the Seneca, Onondaga, and Cayuga Indians; of
the citizens of Rochester, New York, in behalf of
the Tonawanda Band of Seneca tndians.
From the Committee on Public Lands: On the
petitions of Isaac Starke, and the heirs of D. Re-
pentigray.
From the Committee on Private Land Claims:
On the petitions of the settlers on, and claimants
to, reservations of land in the county of Lee,
Iowa.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the unfavorable re-
port of the Committee of Claims on the petition
of,C*P. Calkins, was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the unfavorable report
of the Committee on Revolutionary Claims on the
case of H. Solomon, was recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr, NILES submitted the following resolution,
which lies over, one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the committee to audit and control the
contingent accounts of the Senate be instructed to inquire
into the construction and e ffect ot the resolution of the Sen-
ate adopted at the last session, in relation to rhyming and
publishing the debates of the Senate, and whether any mod-
ification thereof is required; and that said committee aUo
ascertain the expense which has been incurred under said
resolution since its adoption.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the -Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding for the adverti-ing of mail lettings by contract,
affording full and fair opportunity for competition.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Kane, in Greene county, in the
State of Illinois, to Witt's Mill, or Jalapa, in the same
county.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the following
resolution offered at the close of th6 last session,*
was taken up, modified, and agreed to, after a few
remarks, inaudable from the position occupied by
the speaker immediately under the gallery:
Resohed, That the Secretar> of the Treasury communi-
cate to the Senate such information as he may have relative
to the expediency of repealing or modifjmg the act ot June
30.183-i, concerning tonnasre uutv on >pmish vessels.
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inqime into the expediency of rep< tiling " An act con-
cerning tonnage duty on Spanish vessels," passed June 30,
1834, or modifying the said act ^o as to allow Spanish ves-
seli from Cuba to tradf between that inland and anv port of
the United States,upon the same footing, as to tonnage
duties-, as vessels of other loreign-countries are aliowt-d to
trade between the porUof their country and the ports of the
United States..
The following resolution, presented yesterday by
Mr. Bradbury, was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That, until otherwise ordered, Thursday of each
week be set apart for the consideration of private bills; and
that at one o'clock, p. m.,on Thursday next, the Senate will
proceed to the consideiation of those bills, to the exclusion
of other business.
The question being on the adoption qf the res-
olution—
Mr. BRADBURY said, he had been induced to
offer this resolution, because the calendar of the
last session, which, under the new rule, was to be
resumed, presented a very large aggregate of busi-
ness. The numerous bills now to be acted on had
been investigated by the various committees with
great labor; and when the calendar was taken up,
they would have to undergo examination. In ad-
dition to these bills, we shall soon have those from
the other House. It appeared only proper, there-
fore, that the Senate should take up their own cal-
endar, and act on it at once. There was -another
reason: the numerous claimants, who were wait-
ing for the disposition of their claims, had a right
to know their fate, whether or not their claims
would be allowed.
Mr. KING stated his objection to the resolu-
tion. Experience had shown, that whenever a
certain day was fixed to be appropriated exclu-
sively to private claims, there was usually a thin
attendance of Senators, as no general interest was
felt in these cases. When brought forward m the
•regular order of business, they were examined
with more attention. When particular days were
assigned, it frequently happened that only one or
two cases were disposed of before an adjournment
took place. He thought, therefore, that the best
way was to go on with the business in the ordi-
nary way. He thought that if the Senator from
Maine could be induced to take the same view of
the subject, he would come to the same conclu-
sion.
.Mr. BRADBURY thought that the experience
of the last session was opposed to the view of the
Senatorfrom Alabama. Thespecialorder occupied
the whole time of the S^gate, and no private bill
could be acted on until a resolution appropriating
certain days for private business was agreed to.
* Mr. WESTCOTT regarded the vote on this
resolution as settling the question whether any
private business would be acted on during this
session or not. Under the adoption of a similar
resolution, more private business was disposed of
last session than during any previous one. He
complained of the injustice which was exhibited
towards the Committee of Claims, as well as the
claimants, by the neglect of the private bills.
The resolution was then agreed to.
On motion of Mr. KING,
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Committee on Naval Affairs consist of seven members
each.
COMMITTEES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. KING then said he rose to propose, for the
purpose of saving time, to suspend the rules of the
Senate, in order that he might suggest to the Senate
the expediency of suspending the rule appointing
by vote the several chairmen and committees. He
had a list in his hand which he believed would
meet with no objection. He would therefore move
to suspend the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT remarked that it
would require the unanimous vote of the Senate.
Mr. KING. I ani aware of i£.
The question was then put; and no objection
being made, the rule directing the election of the
committees by ballot was suspended, and the fol-
lowing list of committees was agreed to:
[Where the committees are not filled up, the
vacancy will be supplied by a future arrangement
between the Senators on the right and left of the
Chair.]
On Foreign Relations.—Mr. Hannegan, chair-
man; Messrs. Benton, Webster, Mangum, King.
On Finance.—Mr. Atherton, chairman; Messrs.
Dickinson, Clayton, Hunter, Phelps.
On Commerce.—Mr. Dix, chairman; Messrs.
Breese, Johnson of Maryland, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Hamlin.
On Manufactures.—Mr. Dickinson, chairman;
Messrs. Upham, Butler, Clarke. *
On tflgi{culture. Mr. Sturgeon, chairman;
-Messrs. Turney, Spruarice, Atherton, Corwin.
On Military Jiffairs.^— Mr. Benton, chairman;
Messis. Davis of Mississippi, Dix, Badger, Rusk,
Borland, Metcalfe.
On the Militia.—Mr. Rusk, chairman; Messrs.
Atchison, Greene, Dodge, Underwood.
On Naval Jjffairs.—Mr. Yulee, chairman; Messrs.
Miller, Bright, Johnson of Maryland, Cameron,
Badger, Dickinson.
On Public Lands.—M#. Breese, chairman; Messrs.
Corwin, Fetch, Underwood, Borland.
On Private Land Claims.—Mr. Downs, chair-
man; Messrs. Foote, Johnson of Louisiana, Fitz-
patnek.
On Indian Jiff airs.—Mr. Atchison, chairman;.
Messrs. Phelps, Houston, Bell, Foote.
Of Claims.—Mr. Mason, chairman; Messrs.
Westcott, Underwood, Bradbury, Baldwin.
On Revolutionary Claims.—Mr. Bright, chair-
man; Messrs. Bradbury, Upham, Rusk, Johnson
of Louisiana.
On the Judiciary.—Mr. Butler, chairman; Messrs.
Berrien, Westcott, Dayton, Downs.
O/i the 'Post Ojftce and Post Roads.—Mr. Nilcs,
chairman; Messrs. Sturgeon, Pearce, Rusk, Cor-
win.
On Roads and Canals.—Mr. Hannegan, chair-
man; Messrs. Foote, Clarke, Walker, Spruance.
On Pensions.—Mr. Johnson of Louisiana, chair- •
man; Messrs. Felch, Phelps, Dodge, Baldwin.
On the District of Columbia.—Mr. Johnson of
Georgia, chairman; Messrs. Fitzgerald, Miller,
Foote, Greene.
On Patents and the Patent Office.—Mr. Westcott,
chairman; Messrs. Turney, Davis of Massachu-
setts, Dayton, Sebastian.
On Retrenchment. Mr. Turney, chairman;
Messrs. Douglas, Mangum, Niles, Clarke.
On Territories.—Mr. Douglas, chairman; Messrs.
Bright, Clayton, Butler, Davis of Massachusetts.
