28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
On Public Buildings.—Mr. Hunter, chairman;
Messrs. Yulee, Spruance.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.^Mr. Walker, chairman; Messrs. Niles,
Pearce.
On Printing.—Mr. Cameron, chairman; Messrs.
Fitzpatrick, Johnson of Maryland.
On. Engrossed Bills#—Mr. Rusk, chairman;
Messrs. Mason, Baldwin.^
On the Library.—Mr. Pearce, chairman; Messrs.
Davis of Mississippi, Mason.
On Enrolled Bills. Mr. Rusk, chairman;
Mr. Hale.
POWERS OF THE GOVERNMENT.
The following resolutions, offered at the last
session by Mr. Bagby, coming up for considera-
tion, viz:
Resolved, That the Constitution of the United Slates is a
compact between coequal s-overeigns., by which they, arid
each Qfthem, delegated certain specified-powers to foim a
General Government for the common benefit of all the
parties to said compact, and such as might become parties
to ir.
Resolved, :That the powers not thus delegated by the
parlies to said compact to the General Government, nor any
department thereof, iemain with the Slates respectively, or
with the people.
Resolved, That the Government of the United States
possesses no powers, except such as are expressly granted
to it by the Constitution, 01 such as are necessary and proper
to carry the granted powers into effect.
Resolved, That the power to construct roads, cut canals,
make harbors, or improve the navigation of rivers in any one
or more of the States or Teiritoiies, of this Union, is not
among the powers expressly gi anted 'to the General Govern-
ment by the Constitution, nor is the exercise of such a power
necessary and proper to carry any of the granted powers
into effect.
Resolved, Tlmt the power to build piers and docks, erect
buoys'and light-houses, and improve the harbors on the lakes,
if it exists ai all, is not derived Irom the power to regulate
commerce, but from the power to provide and maintain a
navy.
Resolved, That the Government of the United States does
nor possess the power to create, originate, ordain, establish,
or carrv on commeice between or among the States of the
Union, but only to regulate such commeice as the States or
the people thereof may create, originate, ordain, establish,
and carry on between or among themselves.
Resolved, That anj attempt by the General Government,
undei any pretext whatsoever, tocon-tiuctroads,cutcaiial5,
or improve the navigation of any river within the limits of
any one or more of the States of the Union, or within any
Teiritory, is a palpable violation of the Constitution; and if
it be within the limits of a State or States, is a direct and
dangerous encroachment on the rights and sovereignty
thereof.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved that the
resolutions be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. KING said he would prefer that another
course be taken. He wished the Senator from
Louisiana would move to postpone to a certain
day, as there might be some Senator who would
desire to be heard on the subject.
Mr. JOHNSON then varied his motion, and
moved to lay the resolutions on the table.
Mr. KING said he trusted it would be the gen-
eral understanding that the-resolutions might be
called up at any time.
The resolutions were then laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. DlX^the bill making appro-
priations for the repair and preservation of certain
harbors and rivers, from which the Committee on
Commerce was discharged at the close of last ses-
sion, was taken up, and recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. YULEE pave notice that he would, on
Tuesday next, ask the Serrate to take up the bill
to promote the efficiency of the military and naval
establishment, and that this bill be made the spe-
cial order for that day.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the "Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business; and,
after some time spent therein,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 12, 1848.
The SPEAKER announced the call for petitions
to be in order, and the Territories and States were
called in the reverse order, beginning with the
Territory of Oiegon.
The call having reached the State of Louisiana—
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION,
Mr. MORSE observed that he did not rise to
present a petition from the State of Louisiana, but
to a privileged question; and he asked the atten-
tion of the House for a few moments. It was to
the reconsideration of the vote on that part of the
resolution for the adoption of the rules of the
House which rejected the application for a commis-
sion on the Smithsonian Institution. He thought,
without entering into any argument.on this sub-
ject, that the House would see the propriety of
appointing a committee, in order to meet the views
expressed by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Marsh,] as well as by the gentleman from South
Cardfana, [Mr. Rhett.] And he had no doubt
that those of their friends on this side of the House
who desired to terminate all connection between
the Government and this institution, would see as
well the propriety of submitting this matter to a
committee, who would be authorized^without fur-
ther instruction, to examine and see whether
it would not be better, and whether it would not
be carrying out the trust which the Government
had'solemnly accepted from the late James Smith-
■ son, to hand over all the moneys which had been
received by the United States, to an incorporated
body, who should have the sole charge of the
funds arising from this legacy. Such of the gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House as thought
the affairs of the institution would be better man-
aged under the surveillance of a committee, must
be of the opinion that it would be well to bring to
the knowledge of the House the true, exact state
of that institution. It was true a very elaborate,
a very able.report had been made by the regents;
but it was an ex-parte report, so far as the interests
of this country and the House were concerned.
Let a committee be appointed, of capable men,
who should take the matter into consideration, and
see whether the ends of the donor would be best
carried out by keeping it under the control of this
Government, or whether they would not faithfully
discharge their trust, after having passed a law for
the erection of suitable buildings, by disembarrass-
ing the Government and the House from all con-
nection with the institution. He held it to be a
responsible duty which this House had taken upon
itself; and whatever might have been the opinion
of gentlemen on this side of the House, as to the
propriety of accepting the legacy, it was now too
late to interpose any objections on that score. The
two Houses of Congress were under solemn obli-
gation faithfully to discharge the duty which, as
the trustees of the people of the United States and
of James Smithson, they had undertaken; and that
duty could only be discharged by referring the
matter to a committee, impartial in its character,
capable of examining, who should report the facts
to this House, as to the future conduct of this
institution.
He was not disposed to commit himself now to
either course, whether fche should be1 in favor of
continuing the connection of this institution with the
Government or not; or whether he could see his
way clear to disembarrass the Government from
any further connection with it. He merely threw
out the suggestion, that if a committee of gentle-
men on this floor should show them, should mdi-
,cate clearly that this could be done, then he appie-
hended there was no gentleman who would not be
willing to leave it in the hands of the gentlemen
who should have charge of this institution. The
bill which established this Smithsonian institution
had passed hastily, without having undergone the
surveillance of any committee. It was true, a dis-
tinguished gentleman had made an elaborate report
from a committee appointed on this subject, ac-
companied by a bill; but the House would recol-
lect that that leport was rejected, and a substitute
offered by a gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hough,] which embodied some amendments of-
fered by himself, (Mr. M.,) and by other gentle-
men, was passed, a?nd became the act under which
the institution was at present organized. That act
was imperfect in itself. His objection to it was,
that so far as this House at least was concerned,
it was very little discussed, very little debated.
He held that Congress could not be true to its
trust, unless once in a year or two (if they were to
continue the management of the institution) they
authorized and delegated a part of their body to
examine and report all the facts of the case. He
did not desire to take a position either with his
j friend from Vermont or his friend fiom South
Carolina; but he did desire that this House and
; the country at large should be possessed of all the
| facts in relation to the disbursement and manage-
t ment of the large amount of money left by this
gentleman, and committed to them as trustees; and
j the committee might suggest some plan bettercal-
l culated to carry out the views of the distinguished
donor, than this hasty, imperfect .act which they
had passed.
With these views, he_moved a reconsideration of
the vote by which the amendment of the gentle-
•man from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] was rejected.
The SPEAKER said it would be necessary first
to move to reconsider the adoption of the resolu-
tion, and announced the question accordingly.
Mr. POLLOCK moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table; which was agreed to: Yeas
107, Nays 76, as follows!
YEAS—M&srs. Abbott, Adams, Ashman, Atkinson, Bar-
ringer, Bayly, Beale, Belcner, Bhickm?.r, Bl.uichard, Kotts,
Boydon, Wm. 6. Brown, Butler, Cauby, Chapman, Clmg-
man, Cocke, Collamer, Conger, Ciai^ton, Crowell, Dickey,
Douuell, Gamett Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Alexander Evans,
Nathan Evans, Faran, Farrolly, Fisher, Flournoy, Fulton,
Gentry, Giddsnss, Goggin, Gott, Green, Greeley, Gresjorv,
Grinnell, Hale," Willaid P. Hall, Nathan K. Hall. Jame> G.
Hampton, Motes Hampton, Henry, I*aac E, Holmes, Hub-
bard, Hunt, Chailfs J. JUigersoll, Jenkins, .iameis H. John-
son, George W. Jones, John W. Jones, Daniel P. King,
William T. Lawrencc, Leffler, Ligon, Lincoln, I-aimpkm,
Mcllvaine, McKav, McLane, Marvin, Morehead, Muliin,
Murphy, Nelson, Nes, Nicoil, Outlaw, Peek, Pollock, Pies-
ton, Putnam, Rhett, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwall,
Rumsey, St. John, Shepperd, Sberrill, Silvester, Sluisjer-
land, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton, Stephens,
Stiohm, Stiong, Talimadse, Taylor, Thibodeaux, Thomas,
James Thompson, R,. W. Thompson Robert A. Tbomp-on,
Tompkins., Van Dyke, Wallace, Warren, White, Wick,
and Wilson—107.
NAYrf—Messrs. Bedinger, Bingham, Bocock, Bowdon,
Brady, Brodhead, Chaiies Biovvn, Albert G. Brown, Biick-
ncr, Catheart, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W.Cobb, Crozier, Cummins, Daniel, Darling,
Dtckin&on, Dixon, Duer,-Edwards, Embree, Feather^ton,
Ficklin, Freedley, French, Fnes?, Gaines, Haiiiinoiis, Haral-
son, Harris, Hiil, Elias B. Holmes, Inge, Irvin, Iverson,
Kaufman, Kellogg, Kennon, Lahm, La rf^re, Sidney Law-
rence, Levin, Lord, Lynde, Maclay, Job Mann, Marsh,
Miller, Morn?, Moise, Palfiey, Peaslee, Phelps, Richardson,
Rieh,ey, Robinson, Rockhill, Root, Sawyer, Smart, Robert
Smith, Starkweather, Charles E. Stuait, Jacob Thompson,
John B. Thompson, Wiiiiam/Thompson, Thurston, Tuck,
Veriabie, Vinton,'Wentworih^ Wiley, Williams, and Wood-
ward—76.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
THE CONTINGENT FUND.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, rose, he said, to a
privileged question. He moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House had yesterday ordered
to be engrossed the bill (introduced by Mr. Cobb,
of Georgia) entitled "A bill to prevent either
House of Congress from disposing of the contin-
gent fund, except by ioint resolution of the two
Houses."
Mr. E., in support of his motion, said that the
gentleman fiom Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] in the intro-
ductory remaiks made by him yesteiday, had sta-
ted, that at the last session- of Congress he had in-
| troduced the same bill, and that then a majority of
| members had been in its favor. In this, so far as
his (Mr. E.'s) recollection served him, he appre-
hended that the gentleman from Georgia was mis-
taken, His (Mr. E.'s) remembrance of it was,
that the House had Refused to consider it, and had
not shown it favor.
Mr. COBB rose, and asked leave to explain.
Mr. EVANS having yielded the floor for the
purpose—
Mr. COBB said, that he would state the-fact-as
it occurred. At the last session of Congress, he
had given notice of his intention to introduce the
bill. It so happened, that after that notice had
been given, it never was in order to introduce bills;
but he had moved a suspension of the rules, and
his recollection was (for he had not looked at the
Journal) that a majority of the House voted in
| favor of the motion to suspend. The rule, how-
; ever, required a vote of two-thirds, and therefore
; the bill was not introduced. If the gentleman
j would refer to the Journal, the fact, Mr! C. thought,
: would be found to be as he had stated.
I Mr. EVANS stated that he had been for the
( last hour engaged in examining the Journal,
| but had been entirely unable to find the pro-
I ceedings of the House upon the subject. If the
! gentleman from Georgia could find in the Journal
: what was done at the last session m the premises,
, he (Mr. E.) would consider him a successful
j hunter, and be much obliged to him besides.
; However this might be, he hoped the House
; would deliberately consider and reconsider what it
j had done yesterday. The gentleman from Geor-
; gia was, as all gentlemen w^ll knew, both intel-
j lectually and physically, a man of weight. Was
1 it to be submitted to, that if he should break down
I his chair or desk, before either could be repaired
I the assent of the President of the United States
