so
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
and by joint rules, which were nothing more or
less than laws passed in conformity with thfe Con-
stitution of the United States; provide for the gov-
ernment of the two Houses? If the gentleman
drew the distinction between joint rules passed for
the government of the two Houses and a joint
resolution, it was a distinction only technical, and
purely so, and did not affect the merits of the ques-
tion at all. Suppose that, instead of introducing
this resolution, he-had proposed a joint rule, by
which the two Houses should agree that no por-
tion of the contingent fund of either should be paid
out except by the consent of the other: would that
have been * a violation of the Constitution of the
United States? Would that joint rule have re-
quired the assent of the President? Well, if that
would not be a violation of the Constitution; if
such a rule would not require the approval of the
President, then the gentleman's objection became
a mere technical one, and could be avoided, if ne-
cessary, by putting this proposition in the form of
a joint rule of the two Houses, instead of a reso-
lution passed by the two Houses.
But he confessed he was willing to let it remain
in its piesent form, even though it required the
concurrence of the Executive to give it validity.
He had no fear about the improper exercise of the
Executive veto. He had no apprehensions that
the President of the United States, in the exercise
of that high conservative power intrusted to him
by the Constitution, and by our fathers who
framed it, would improperly, unnecessarily inter-
fere with the action of the two Houses upon a
matter of this kind. It did not in the least shake
his confidence; it did not abate his anxiety for this
measure.
The gentleman has said they could not purchase
any little articles which were necessary for the use
of the House, if this resolution were carried into
effect, without the approval of the Executive; but
he (Mr. C.) saw no difficulty under this resolu-
tion, in placing a small sum for the purchase of
such articles at the disposal of either House. His
object was to arrest these enormous expenditures
oT money from this contingent fund. Let them
bring back these contingent expenditures to what
they were in the early days of the Republic, when
a few hundred or a few thousand dollars were suf-
ficient for the contingencies of cither House of
Congress. Something must be done, some meas-
ure must be adopted, some reform must be resorted
to, or the whole appropriations for the contingent
funds of the two Houses would swell up beyond
the appropriations in their regular appropriation
bills. They were already pressing; on with tre-
mendous strides to that point. The amount of
the contingent fund had increased more rapidly
since the organization of the Government than any
other expenditure which came from the treasury.
It must be arrested; reform must be had on this
subject, or a vast system of irregular, unauthorized
expenditures would grow up before us. From half
a million of dollais, which it had nearly reached,
it would go to one million and two millions, and
no one could foretell where it would stop. Let
them incur the hazard of the Executive veto even,
if the Executive approval were required to pass
such resolutions, (which he denied,) rather than
allow this monstrous system of expenditure to
go on.
IVlr. WHITE remarked, that he was not a little
amused at the language of the gentleman from
Georgia. He was amused because, within the
last two or three years, the gentleman and his po-
litical associates had not only poured out the pub-
lic treasury at the bun£, but had even knocked in
the head, and let it all pour forth; and now the
gentleman was zealously advocating a measure
which he said was to effect some saving in the
contingent expenses of this House and the other
House of Congress. He was beginning at the
small end.of the hotn; and, so far as he (Mr. W.)
was able to discover, the tendency of the gentle-
man's movement was to blosv a little smoke into
the eyes of his constituents. He (Mr. W.) was
not in favor of any such petty scheme of reform;
he believed the people of this country would re-
form the legislation of this House, if it was neces-
sary, so far as related to its own expenditures;
and whenever the expenditures from the contin-
gent fund should reach that point which should
render tliem objectionable to the people,^tliey
would take the mfurm into their own hands, and
send a different class of men here to legislate for
them. With these views, he should move the I
previous question. • j
The demand for the previous question was not,
sustained! Ayes 59, noes 62. |
Mr. COLLAM ER said he was unwilling to give j
a final vote upon this question at the present mo-1
ment, without an opportunity of protesting at least
against the ground on which the gentleman from
Georgia had sought to show that that vote would
have been given,. The gentleman had attempted
to detail, at some little length, the great abuses
which he said had taken place in the exercise of |
the power of this House over the disposition of
its contingent fund. JNfow, if nothing at all was
to be said in answer to this, and if gentlemen voted
against this bill, or voted to reconsider the vote by
which it was passed, they, and he among them-,
would be charged before the country with coun-
tenancing this abuse of power. Inasmuch, there-
fore, as he felt it his duty at present to vote to j
reconsider; and inasmuch as, at present advised,
he should vote against the bill; and inasmuch as
his vote would be guided by entirely different con-
siderations fiom those with which those with whom
he acted had been reproached—viz: that they gave
countenance to extravagance in the expenditures ;
from the contingent fund—he wished to say a '
single word in relation to the matter.
He understood that the purpose intended to be
effected by this bill was to prevent abuse of the
power of the House m the disposition of its con-
tingent fund. Perhaps, without inquiring whether
it was true that there had been this abuse of power,
4 it would be a sufficient answer to say, that the
abuse of power generally, almost universally, was
no reason for abolishing the existence of that
power. There was no power which was .delegated
under this Government, there was none which
could be, however important, however vital, but
was capable of abuse; and the more important the
power, the deeper the danger of its abuse. There-
fore, the abuse of power constituted no reason at
all for the abolition of that power—none at all.
This, perhaps, might be considered a sufficient
answer.
But the gentleman from.Georgia had served on
the Committer on Accounts, and the subject,
therefore, had passed under his especial review,
and that, he (Mr. C.) supposed, was the reason
why the gentleman repeated that this House was
notaware of the extent of this abuse. He thought
that was so; and he did not think it anything at
ffll arrogant in the gentleman to say he knew a
little more about it than most of. the merpbers of
the House, because he had been in a position
which gave him this peculiar opportunity for in-
formation on the subject. But the House had
been told on this occasion, in relation to these
abuses, by the gentleman who had introduced the
bill and sustained it, that they did not understand
the subject; that they were not at all aware what
had been done; that they did not understand what
they were about. What then? Why,lwantyou
to swallow this bill, without any examination,
without inquiry, upon my representation! That
was what was asked. He (Mr. C.) had no ob-
jection to its taking a proper examination before
the proper committee; he had no objection that
all the abuses which existed should be exposed to
the country—none at all. He wished them ex-
posed to this House, for the gentleman said the
House did not understand them. But was he to
vote for the bill conclusively, positively to*day,
when the gentleman said we did not understand it?
That was the strongest reason imaginable for op-
posing the passage of the bill at present.
Therefore, if his first position was correct, that
the abuse of power constituted no reason for the
abolition of that power, and if, as the gentleman
had said, it was an important subject, and not
understood by the Hou^e, these were strong and
suffic'ent reasons why this bill should not now be
pressed to a final decision.
But he had another objection—which, perhaps,
might be removed; that was, what was meant by
a contingent fund ? What was the reason for its
being created? Plow, and in what manner, was it
created5 Our Constitution provided that no mo-
neys should be drawn out of the treasury but by
virtue of appropriations by law. Exactly. But
inasmuch as small matters, such as penknives,
stationery, mending broken chairs, &c., could no.tr
' all be placed m a bill—especially, could not
antieipRted fer another session* an£ put int© the
estimates—why, a general provision was made in
the appropriation bills, setting apart, appropriating
out of the treasury, as a contingent fund, a sum
of money, to be used for the purAase of contin-
gencies, under the discretion of the House. Now,
what were they asked to do? Why, to make a
law that the money could not be gotten out of that
fund unless by the consent of both Houses and
of the President; for the Constitution was very
explicit that every joint resolution should be pre-
sented to the President, and meet his approval.
The gentleman from Georgia said this was not a
resolution of that kind; and the case which the
gentleman mentioned of the two Houses acting
under a joint resolution in the election of chap-
lains, did not satisfy his.mind—not at all. Did
not each House separately elect? Was the elec-
tion the result of the joint resolution? Not at all.
Each House chose its own chaplain, and the other
could not veto the choice. But under the gentle-
man's bill, money could not be taken out of the
contingent fund except by the joint action of the
two Houses and the approval of the President.
Now, it simply came to this: by the adoption of
this resolution, would they not practically repeal
and do away with the whole system of contingent
funds? They would require just as muc-h for-
mality to get the money out of the contingent fund
as was necessary to get that fund out of the treas-
ury in the first mstahce. Therefore, if they wanted
a penknife, a ream of paper, or wanted ,to send
their Sergeant-at-arms to arrest a man, before
they could do it, they must have a joint iesolution
to get it out of the contingent fund. They were
unwilling to trust themselves with their own mo-
ney. They wanted the action of the President
and of the Senate, to know whether they might
use their own money. Now, he did not know but
this was necessary. But this would be the effect,
as he had described. The appropriations for the
contingent fund would be rendered absolutely nu-
gatory; they might just as well get their money,
each time, out of the treasury, as out of the con-
tingent fund.
It seemed to him, therefore, that a sort of para-
dox was involved in the proposition. It was an
inconsistency all round. He might, however, be
•mistaken, and he .wanted time before the House
was called finally to act upon the question, to have
it examined by a committee and thoroughly un-
derstood. But the gentleman from Georgia and
other gentlemen who pushed forward this bill,
seemed to say that they should not take time for
inquiry; that the bill should be pressed through the
House now.
He had wished briefly to state these views. Pie
could not vote for this bill now, as at present
advised, and he wished it distinctly understood,
that in so doing he did not mean to throw himself
m the way of any inquiry, of obtaining any in-
formation, or taking any action which might be
necessary to guard against an improper expendi-
ture of the contingent fund.
Mr. BINGHAM asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question, " Shall the vote by which the said
bill was ordered to be engiossed, be reconsidered?"
was then taken and decided in the affirmative:
Yeas 97, nays 86, as follows:
YEAS— Me^r-. Abbott. Adam-, Ashmun.Batrow, Belch-
er, Blackmar, Blanchatd, Bnjdon, Brady, Chailes Brojvn,
Buckner, Butler, Canby, Chapman, Clapp, Chngman. Col-
laniei, Conger, Cranston, Crowtll, Darling, Diekev, Dixon,
Donnell, Duer, Girnett Duncan, Dunn. Ehvards,
Alexander Evans Farrolly, Fisher, Floumoy, Freedley,
Gayle, Gentry, Goggtn, Gieyorv. GrimieU, Hah:, Nathan K.
Hall, Iiainmuitb, James G. Hanipion, Hampton,
Henij, flijliard, J>aae E Holmes, Ehas B. Holims, Jolm
W. Hou-ton, Hubbard, HucKon, Hunt, Irvnt, John W.
Jones, Kcllosg, Darnel P.King, Lalnn, Lawrence, Levin,
J Lincoln, Loidj Lwide, Mcllvauie, MarMi, Marvin. Mulhu,
j Nekon, Nes, jVicoli, Outlaw, P-ilfrey, Petite, Pollock® Pnt-
; nam, Juhsn Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Rumsey, St.
[ John, Snernll, ijilvote;, ^liniieriawi, Truman Smith,
i Stephen*-, Stiohin, Strong, Tallmad^f-, Taj lor, Tlnbodi aux,
] Richard W. Thoinpaou^ John B. Thompson, Thuoton,
| Tompkins, Van D\ke, Vinton, Warren, White, and Wii-
[ son—97. *
j NAY'S—Me«sts. Atkinson, I'arringer, Beale, Bedingcr,
! Bingham, Bowdon, William G. Brown, Cathcarr, Chase,
j Franklin Ciatk, How* 11 Cobb, Williamson R. VV. Cobb,
J Cocke, Cioiui, Cummin*, Daniel, Dickinson, Einbiee,
1 Frftfln- r-~>fon, Ficklm, French, Fne«, Fulton, Gidding*, Gott,
Green, Gteeley, Willnud P. Hall, Haralson, llarmanrion,
i Harris, Henley, Hill, Inge, Charles J. Inget>oll, Iverson,
! James H. Johnson. Rolnnf VV. Johnson, George \V. Jones,
i Kaufman, Kennon, La £>6re, Sidney L iwr«;nee, Lefljer,
Lumpkin, Mcfl<:Tmd,Me!va\, MtL me, Job Mann, Meade,
Mf41er, Moms, Mor>e, P< a-lee, Peck, Peyton, Puelp?,
.'Pfreston, 1'hott, Kichardson. Rotation, Rooklnll, Root,
► Sawyer, Shayperd, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, ©karles
