1848,
MS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
E Smart, Thomas, James Thompson, Jacob Thompson^
Robert A? Thompson, William Thompson, Tuck, Venabie,
W>If3ce, Wiefc, Wiley, Williams, and Woodward—86.
So the vote was reconsidered. v
And the question recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading. -
Mr. POLLOCK inquired of the Speaker whether
it would now be in order to move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Accounts?^
The SPEAKER said that such a motion would
be in order.
Mr. POLLOCK submitted it.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question. #
Mr. POLLOCK inquired whether that motion,
if it should prevail, would cut off the motion to
C°TheUSPEAKER said no; under the amended
rules it would not.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded, the main .question was ordered, and
beinf taken, was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was referred- to the Committee on
"Accounts.
Mr. COBB rose and said, that the disposition
just made by the House of the bill which he had
'introduced, was regarded by him as a final dispo-
sition of it. He believed that the House had as-
sented to that disposition in consequence of the
suggestion which had been thrown -out by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,] that the .
sanction of the President would be required to any j
disbursements which might be made out of the j
contingent fund. To avoid ihat difficulty, he (Mr. i
C.) would now move that the House propose to 1
the Senate the adoption of a resolution, (which he
sent to the Clerk's table.)
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired of
the Speaker whether the resolution was in order.\
The SPEAKER said it would be in order when
the States were called for resolutions*
Objection was made to the reception of the res-
olution. *
Mr. COBB presumed (he said) that it might be
read for information.
And it was read.
Mr. COBB said, that if th.e objection to the res-
olution was persisted in, he would give notice of
his intention to ofler it when the States should be
called in t-heir order for resolutions.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, objecting,
the resolution was not received.
PETITIONS.
Mr. MURPHY presented the memorial of the ;
underwriters and merchants of the city of New j
York, asking for the removal of the obstructions
to Hurl Gate channel, and for the removal of the
rocks in the harbor of New York: referred to the
Committee on Commerce. - . |
Also, petition of Captain Joshua P. Powers, for |
the continuance of the protection of the United
States in the matter of his claim against the Re-
public of Texas, for spoliation of the schopner
Mary Elizabeth and cargo: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
By Mr. N. K. HALL: Petition of John Morri-
son, of Geneva, in the State of New York, pray-
ing for a pension from the passage of the act of
April 24, 1816, to the time he obtained his pension
ceitifieate as an invalid pensioner under said act.
Jflso, petition of J. W. Nye, praying for pay-
ment for services rendered under a contract with
the Postmaster of the House of Representatives,
and deposition and papers in suppoit of his claim.
Petitions were presented also, and appropriately
referred, by Messrs. WICK, MORSE, DICKIN-
SON, GREGORY, RUMSEY, W BITE, ROCK-
WELL of Connecticut,GRIN jNELL,and HAM-
MONS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Connecticut, m approbation of Mr. Asa Whit-
ney's proposed plan of a railroad fYom Lake
Michigan to the Pacific Ocean.
Mr. ROCKWELL moved that the resolutions
be printed, and referred to a select committee; but
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, giving notice of his
desire to de,bate them, they were laid over under
the rule.
Mr- VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported the following resolution;
which was read, and agreed to;
Resjlvid, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
autboifet d to employ a elerfc liar so much of the session as
tbetrbusiness may render necessary, who shall receive the
same per diem compensation usually allovvtd fur similar
services.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Claims, to which were referred Senate
bilfs for the relief of William H. Prentiss, and for
the relief of Columbus Alexander and Theodore
Barnard, reported same back to the House without
amendment: committed.
FALSE SWEARING.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, under the
direction of the Committee on Claims, moved
that the Comm^tee of the Whole be discharged
from the co^ideration of the bill " providing for
the punishment of false swearing in certain cases;"
and he aske^that it might now be put on its pas-
ge.
Mr. FARAN suggested that some explanation
of its object should he given.
Mr. ROCKWELL simply remarked, that the
object was to punish false swearing before the
committees—a case which existing laws did not
reach.
The bill was then read through, ordered to be
engrossed, and was read a third time and passed.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Comftntteeon Accounts procure a copy
for each member of the House, of' Colton's Pocket Map of
the United Suites and Mexico, showing the country irorn
the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Under notices heretofore given, bills were intro-
duced, as follows:
( A Mr. H ALLj-of Missouri: A bill to continue
■Mn force the acts for the payment of horses and
other property lost in the military service of the
United States. I
A bill granting to the State of Missouri the right 1
of way, and a donation of public lands, for the ;
purpose of making a railroad from Hannibal to
St. Joseph; which were severally read twice, and
referred.
By Mr. yi-NTON: A bill granting lands to cer-
tain States therein named, to aid them in the con-
struction of roads, canals, and the improvement of
their rivers; read twice, and referred.
By Mr. SAWYER: A bill in addition to an act
entitled si An act in relation to military land war-
rants;'5 read twice, and referred. ,
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
were given:
By Mr. PHELPS: A bill to pay to the State of
Missouri the two per cent, upon the proceeds of ,
the sales of the public lajids which have been sold
within the limits of the said State, and which have
been reserved for the purpose of constiucting a
road leading to said State.
By Mr. FRENCH: A bill for the relief of Jo-
seph Decret.
By Mr. DICKINSON: A bill granting lands to
the State of Ohio, for the construction of a load
from Lower Sandusky, Ohio, to the Greenville
treaty line, agreeably to the provisions of the treaty
of Brownstown, of 1806.
By Mr. GOGGIN: A bill to regulate and equal-
ize the pay, and to provide against future inter-
ruptions in the transportation of the mails cn
railroads in the United States, and the territories
thereof.
By Mr. PALFREY: A bill for the repeal of all
acts, or parts of acts, of Congress, establishing or
maintaining slavery or the slave trade in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
By Mr. FEATHERSTON: A bill granting a
portion of the public lands lying within the State
of Mississippi to said State, for the construction
of a ievee on the east bank of the Mississippi
river, in said State.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. LEFFLER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to iiiqutu into the exp< dteiu y of so amending the
act of Congie=b fixing the liuie of holding the Ln.-trict Court
oi the (JLuted s>tdte-> lor iowa, a& to authorize two ierin* of
said court annually, instead ot one, a  now authonzed by
law.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAND, ,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the >roprict> ot reducing the price
of the mineral lands of Lake Superior.
CONTINGENT FUND AGAIN.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, moved the follow-
ing as an additional joint rule of the two Houses: ,
<! That neither the Senate or House of Representatives will
di*p 'St  of Any portion ot the contingent lund oftnetr respect-
ive Houses without the asM-nt and concurrence of the other
House firsthad and obtained."
Mr. STUART moved the previous question.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to lay the proposed
amendment on the table, which was decided by
yJks and nays in the negative—yeas 80, nays 87—
as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Barrow, Delqh-
er, Blnckmar, Bolts, Boydoa, Brady, Buckm-r, Bulb r. Can-
by, Glapp, ClHigman, Collainer, Conner, CranHmi. CrowtMI,
Dickey, Dixon, Duer, Garnett Duncan, Dunn, Bck«rt, Ed-
wards, Alexander Evans, Nrithan Evans, Fisher, Grimes,
Gayie, Goggin, Gregory, Gminell, Hale, N.hIvui K Hall,
Hanimqns, Moses Hampton, Henry, I^aae E. Holmes.. Eh as
B. F-fojinps, Hubbard, Hunt, Irvin, Jenkins. Dai«i  1 P. King,
Lahm, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence, Lincoln)
Lord, Lvnde, Mcllvaine, arsh, Mullm, Nelson, Outlaw,
Palfrey, Pollock, Putnam, Julius Rockwell, John A. Hot Je-
well, Rumsey, t?t. John, Sherrilh Silvester, £hngerlai.d,
Truman Smith, Stai kweather, Stephen*, tftrohm, Tall-
madge, Taylor, John B.Thompson, Thnr*tn , Tompkmg,
Van*D\ke, Vinton,Warren, White, and Wil*ort— fcO.
NAVS—Messrs. Atkinson, Beale, Booock, Bowdon, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Charles Biown, Alluit G Brow n, Cathcart,
Chase, Franklin Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson W.
Cobb, Cocke, Cmzjer, Daniel, Du kinson, Emhree, Fa ran,
Featfn r-ton, Fieklin, Flournoy Freedley, French. Fries,
} Fulton, Gentry, Guiding-, Golt Green,Greeley. W. V. Hall,
\ Haral-on, Harniaiison, Harris-, Henley, HitJ, Hilhaid, luce,
; Iven-on, Andrew Johnson, Janws H. Johnson. Gt oige W.
j Jones^John W. Jorie«, Kaufman, Keunon, La S£re,L filer,
: Ligon, Lumpkin, Mac-lay, MrPlelljinr). M< Kay . Job Mann,
I Meade,Miiler, Morris, Morse, Nicoll, Pea-lee, Peck, Phelps,
I Pieston, Rhelt, Riehard.*on, Biehey, Robinson, Kockhill,
! Root, Sawyer. Shepperd, Smait, Robert Smith, Stanton,
f Charies E. Stuart, Shong, Thomas. James Thompson. Jncob
Thompson. Robert A. Thompson, William Thomp-on, Ven-
abie, Wallace, Wentworth, Wick, Wiley, Williams, and
Wood ward—87.
The question was then put on seconding the
previous-question, and decided in the negative.
! The proposed amendment then giving rise to
| debate, it was laid over under the rule.
} On motion of Mr. HALL,.of Missouri,
j Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
j sti ucted to inquire into the propriety of establishing an addi-
I. tional land office in the Statu of Missouri north of the Mis
i soun river.
i On motion of Mr. GREEN,
: Re^ohed, That the Committee of Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing; by law
' for a complete and full geogiaphical and mineralogies} sur-
: vev of the State or Mi^ouri, and especially oi ail public
, lands in paid State, and that &aiJ committee report by bill
or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. GAYLE,
Resolved^ That Senate bill No, 331, granting to the State
: of Alabama the right of wav and a donation of public hind
! for nuking a raili oad from Mob.le to the mouth of the Ohio
; river and for other purposes, be taken from the table and
l referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
1 On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH,
i Resolved, That the Commute* on the Judiciary be in-
i structed to inquire into the expediency of pa-.=ing a law
| providing for the election of a!) officers of the Ce.ited States
j Government directly by the people.
|! On motion of Mr. HENLEY,
j . Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means'be
I instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing im-
i mediately for a geological survey of WwMt xu o and Cali-
j j fornia. for the establishing of a United State* mint in one of
■ those Territories, and toi the imm< dnitc occupation of the
'! gold mines of California, that the product* tin reof may be
[ savtd to the Government, and appioprjated to the payment
of tin' national debt and current expeiices ot the Govern
1 ment.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, ■
; Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lamffc bn m-
i structed to impure info the expeslirncy of providing by law
for the entry and pureha*e of the un~o'd lands in the Wyan-
dot reserve in the State of Oi-io with *oldier " land war-
rants, tht* puichas-er paying any c.\cr&? in niomn, and
a!*o to inquire into the propriety ot authoir/.ing in like man-
ner the purchase of the alternate section* still utnold on the
■ Wabiteh and Erie canal.
!| FUNERAL EXPENSES OF MEMBERS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
, lowing resolution; which, giving rise to debate,
was laid over:
;' Resohed, That the Clerk of this House, in making out his
; report of the disposition of the eontmt'i'ut fui.d, as now
•' required by law, arrange, under a separate and deduct
head, the fuwral expenses of the member ot ihi^ Hou-e,
; setting down, undcreaeh deeea*« d member's name, the item
1 of expense incurred, by its piopcr name, slating the aggre-
' i gate amount of ea^h at the bottom of the account.
! BOUNDARY OF TEXAS.
' Mr. MEADE offered the following resolution;
which, giving rise to debate, was laid over.
' i Resolved, That the Committee on Territories report a bill
to thin House transferring to the State of Texas, hi pur-
