THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR &i RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1848.
New Series No. 3.
By Mr NTCOLL: The memorial of WiHiam ?• Haru-
meger, Bonrman, Johnson & Co., Phelp>, Dodge & Co.,
Stnrses, Burnet &Co., and others, of the citv of New York,
asking that the danserou? rocks in the channel of Hurl
Gate, and m the harbor of New York, may be removed.
By Mr. RUMSEY: The petition of Mr. Kruckubackut
and J ,3*25 other?, citizens of Steuben county, New York
asking for the parage of the bill introduced at the last ses-
sion of Congress upon the subject of postage on newspapers,
and also for a uniform rate of postage on letters.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 13, 1848.
The Journal having been read—■
A message was received from the House of
&«d we confidently rely upon Congress to provide for us
laws as liberal as any enjoyed by any of the Territories.
Santa. Fe, October 14,1848.
Signed by JOSE MARTINEZ,
Jobs* Giddin«9, Secretary, and others.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I move that
that communication be printed for the use of the
Senate; and also that the accompanying memorial
in the Spanish language be printed with it, and
| that it be referred to the Committee on the Terri-
t tories.
! Mr. CLAYTON. As one of those to whom
! this petition was intrusted, I desire to second the
j motion of the Senator from Missouri. I would
briefly say, sir, that as I labored faithfully during
Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk, ji the last session of Congress to organize a civil
announcing that the House had passed a bill pro-
viding for the punishment of false swearing, in
certain cases, in which they requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Department of State,
enclosing a report of the number of foreign pas-
sengers arrived at the various collection districts
in the United States, for the year ending 30th Sep-
tember, 1848.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the petition and
papeis of William Tracey were ordered to be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Delaware, who is seated opposite to
me on the other side of the Senate, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] and myself have received a communication
from New Mexico, framed by a convention that
lately sat there, for taking into consideration the
condition of that country. That communication
they have forwarded to our care, to be presented
to the Senate of the United States, with a petition,
in which they pray for the establishment of a civil
government over them, and put forth other pray-
ers in relation to that general one. The petition
is entitled "The People of New Mexico, in Con-
vention assembled, to the Congress of the United
States," and is signed by the president and secre-
taiy of the convention, and dated Santa Fe, Octo-
ber 14, 1843.
As a compliance, Mr. President, with that rule
of the Senate which requires the substance of peti-
tions to be briefly stated when they are presented,
I ask the Senate to have this petition read, because
it is so brief that it could not be made more so, and
has a precision m its language and mode of ex-
pression which cannot be obtained by any para-
phrase. I therefore send the petition to the table
that it may be read, and afterwards I will move
to have it printed and referred to the appropriate
committee.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Petition of the people of New Mexico, assembled in convention,
to the Congress of the United States of America.
We, the people of New Mexico, respectfully petition
Congress foi the speedy organization, by law, ol a territorial
government for u-\
\Ye rt spcctfully petition Congress to grant lis a govern-
ment purclv civil in it> character.
We i">pecttu!!y jepre-enj, that the organ'e and statute [,
law* promulgated !>vauthority of Uje United State-, Septem-' Ji
her 22, 1843, lor the temporary civil government of New j;
Mexico, (a copy ot winch is despatched,) wun some few
alteration-*, would be acceptable to u* !j
We de-ire the follow mg offices to be filled by appointment \
of ihr President of the United States, by and with the advice 11
and consent of the Senate: The Governor. See ret a rv of 1
State, United States Marsha!, United States District Attor- i
riey, and Judge*. |
We desire to have all the u«nal rights of appeal from the I,
courts of tins Territory to the Supreme Court of the United ij
Stater-. 11
We respectful!} hut fiimiv protest against the dismember- 1
meiitotoni 'iVintorv in favor of'Texas, or for any cause. ;i
We do not desire to have domestic slavery within our r
border^; and until the time shall airive for our admission '{
into the Union a<s a State, we desire to be protected by Con- {i
gre>r* against their introduction anions n<5. |
VVede^nea !o -al Legislature, t-uch a  t-« prescribed in the 1
laws of New Mexico, September 22,1845, subject to the ;
Usual acta of Congress. ' j
We de«ire that our interests may be represented by a del- i
egate, who is to be entitled to have a seat upon the floor of j
the Congres* of the United States. I
In consideration of the fact th'it New Mexico contains ]
from seventy-five thousand to one hundred thousand souls, ,
we behave that we have made uo unreasonable request, !
3
government over this territory of New Mexico, I
shall labor with equal fidelity for the same object
at the present session. I entirely concur with the
reference moved by the Senator from Missouri, as
being the best and most appropriate that can be
made.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, there was re-
ceived at the same time with the communication a
copy of the laws which have been promulgated in
New Mexico, which I desire to submit to the Sen-
ate, but I do not desire them to be printed. I de-
sire, sir, to refer them to the same committee.
Mr. CALHOUN. Mr. President, I rise to
make no objection to the motion of the honorable
Senator from Missouri*, hut I rise to express my
opinion that the people of this Territory, (New
Mexico,) under all the circumstances of the case,
have not made a respectful petition to this Senate;
but, on the contrary, that they have made a most
insolent one. I am not surprised, however, at the
language of this petition. That people were con-
quered by the very men they wish to exclude from
that Territory, and they know that. I enter my
protest, sir, at once against being governed by a
consideration presented under such ciicumstances
as that petition has been upon this subject.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, 1 should sup-
pose, sir, that myself, and perhaps theSenator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton*,] are equally charged
with the presentation of this petition. And I should
suppose, sir, that we should feel ourselves called
upon, when a Senator rises in his place and char-
acterizes as insolent sucli a petition as has been
presented, to get up and disclaim for those who
have signed that petition, and sent it to us, the
least disposition to be insolent or impertinent., We
think, sir, there is nothing of that kind upon the
face of the paper, and that it is gratuitous and
unfounded to apply such an epithet to it.
Mr. CALHOUN. It is not at all strange that
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Denton] should
consider the charge of insolence against the peti-
tion gratuitous, looking upon the matter as he
does, nor that I should make the charge, looking
upon it as I do. I look upon the rights of the
southern States, proposed to be excluded from
This territory, as a high constitutional principle.
Our right to go there with our property is unques-
tionable, and guarantied and supported by the
Constitution. The Territory belongs to us—to the
United States. It belongs to the States of Caro-
lina and Virginia as much as it does to New York
and Massachusetts. The Senator from Missouri
differs from me upon this pent, and therefore he
does not consider it insolent on the part of the
people of that Terrtory to ask that we should be
excluded from it. But these are my convictions, and
I repeat that I consider the petition to be insolent.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I do not think that
the proper time has come to discuss the various
questions involved in the petition presented by the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton;] but, inas-
much as it has been made a matter of remark upon
the motion to print the memorial, it is proper that
I should assert the indisputable title of Texas to
all the territory lying on this side of the Rio
Grande—a title, sir, which will be found to be
borne out by the law of nations, the facts as they
exist, and by the sovereign action of this Govern-
ment. But I shall not now enter into an argument
in support of our right to this territory.
These individuals, the inhabitants of New Mex-
ico, are, as a matter of course, anxious to have,
and it is proper and right that they should have, a
civil government established over them. It is due
to them. As an act of justice it should be done.
A civil government should be established over
such portions of the territory as do not belorg to
Texas; but, at the same time, 1 will here and
elsewhere enter my solemn protest against the
establishment of a distinct and separate govern-
ment over any of the territory belonging to, and
which has cost the blood and treasure of, the State
of Texas. I can well imagine that a few indi-
viduals, anxious to be members of Congress—a
few individuals anxious to appropriate to them-
selves a large and valuable territory which has
never cost them a month's service nor a drop of
blood, should wish to take this territory and insti-
tute a separate and distinct government over it, as
proposed in this petition. However, I shall cast
no reflections upon their motives. They have a
right, if they can, to get it away from us; but it
belongs to the State of Texas. V~e have an indis-
putable right to the territory, which we can never
surrender.
Mr. BENTON. I ripe, sir, merely to protest
that I brought in this petition in a manner which
I deemed the most judicious. Certainly it was
my opinion that it would avoid one single word
being said about it of this kind. It presents ques-
tions which will occupy our consideration, sir,
when we arrive at them. There is no necessity
for anticipating their discussion. I did not even
make a statement of the contents of the petition,
because that statement could not be better made
. than in the document itself. I simply asked to
have it read, and it was read. I asked to have it
printed and referred, not making one word of re-
' mark. All this was doina: just as little as could
be done to comply with the parliamentary forms,
of getting: a subject before a legislative body.
But it has been assailed, and epithets applied to
it. The Senator from South Carolina has said it
was natural for me to think of the petition as I
did, and for him to think of it as he did. Sir, the
only opinion I expressed about it was, that it was
a petition for the lights of the petitioners., and
respectfi^ly worded and presented, and that the
petitioners were not subject f> the imputation of
insolence: but since the imputation has Lre.i made,
and persevered it?, I will say, that if any part of
that paper could be esteemed insolent, it must be
that which relates to the subject of slavery. If so,
I wUI say that, perhaps, without knowing it, these
petitioners have used upon this subject the very
words of the petition of the General Assembly of
Virginia, m their petition to George III., before
the breaking out of the American Revolution; and
although George III. did not giant their petition,
I never heaid that he said it vns insc-lent in the
General Assemb"^ to pre.'en? it.
1 Mr. CALHOUN. I rn^de no ^hargc again3t
the manner of presenting the memorial. My ob-
jection was to the petition i'srlf. The Senator
se^s m that petition no disrespect to one-half of
the people of this Union; but 1 free the greatest
disresnect. The Senator endeavors to assimilate
it to the case of the peti'inne.vs of George III.; but
they are antagonistic: thev L<f-\r no comparison.
Sir, we of the southern Sta'es claim the right,
under the Constitution, to go into that Territory
with our property. Th"pc memorialists are a con-
quered people—conquered by the aims ot the Uni-
ted States, omi especially by troops drawn from
the southern States; and for them now to turn
round and propose to exclude us, )t is the very
height of insolence, if the Senator from Missouri
does not see it.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to know what the Sen-
ator means' I will give him time to reply.
Mr. CALHOUN. My meaning is clear to every
Senator. I do not interfere with the Senator from
Missouri. I have stated the ground upon which
I consider the petition disrespectful. It is disre-
spectful, coming from aconqueied people, and be-
cause it infringes our constitutional rights. If the
Senator does not see that there is foundation for
: my opinion, it is no fault of mine.
