84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
What is the question, Mr.
The question is on
Mr. BENTON.
President?
The VICE PRESIDENT.
the printing of the memorial.
A Voice: iS No objection to that."
Mr. BENTON, If there is no objection, then
•what are we debating about? Is it possible that
the grave American Senate, at the commencement
of a brief session, is engaged debating about noth-
ing at all ? Is that our occupation to-day? Sir,
this seems to be a very lame and tame conclusion
of what commenced so fiercely just now. [Laugh-
ter.] But the term " insolent7' has been applied
to those who present this petition. Sir, 1 deny the
imputation. I assert that only the constitutional
rights of these people have been represented in this
proceeding. Conquered or unconquered—a por-
tion of New Mexico or Texas—take them as you
please—I say they have a constitutional right to
fresent their petition here. And I say more, sir:
am quite sure that every subject which these
memorialists have presented in that petition is a
fair subject of legislation, and they have presented
them in respectful terms. They have done what
they had a right to do. And I will not hear the
term insolent" applied to them, when I have
presented their memorial, without saying and re-
peating, ina manner such as shall be heard, that
the expression is gratuitous and unfounded.
Mr. CALHOUN. The Senator ought to under-
stand that I rose to make a remark against the
petition itself, not against its reference or printing,
nor the manner of presenting it. I had a right to
remark on every part of that petition. There is
nothing unparliamentary or unusual in my course.
But he seems to think that himself and the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] are responsible
for every word and expression that it contains.
That is not my view of it at all. I did not say the
petition was unconstitutional; for petitions may
fee presented here, constitutional or unconstitu-
tional; but I do say that the petition undertakes to
exclude one-half the Union nearly from territory
that belongs to the States collectively; the Con-
stitution declares the territories ro be the territories
of the United States—the States in their federal
capacity. And I pay such a petition, coming from
a people recently subdued by our arms, and under
our control, is insolent; and whether the Senator
from Missouri thinks so or not, it is to mc a matter
of perfect indifference.
Mr. WESTCOTT. It seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the importance of this document presented
to the Senate is much overrated. Its character is
misconcehed i desire, sir, to attract the notice of
the Senate and of the country to its true character.
I do not intend that, through newspaper reports of
what occurs here to-day, the public mind shall be
misled. 1 intend to disabuse it in advance of the
idea that this petition speaks, as it pretends to
speak, the voice of the seventy-live or the hun-
dred thousand souls it states are in New Mexico.
It is presented here assuming, and it states, that by
it the people of all New Mexico express their
wishes to Congress on the subject of their territo-
rial government. It purports to come from the '
nle of New Mexico assembled in convention. I
us, I icgard it as an abuse of the right of
petition, and as an attempted imposition "upon I
Congress. Why, sir, when, how, and by whom j
were delegates elected to this convention? Who!
authorized its convocation? Was, m fact, such a <
convention ever held? 1 find nothing authentic '
in the paper to satisfy me as to this fact. The !
Secretary did not read the names to this petition,
and I have sent for it to his desk, and I'ask the ;
attention of the Senate to the signatures. |
First, however, let me refer to the preliminary i
heading, which reads, " Petition of the People of\
Ncxc JSIexico" and then the petition states, '
ff'e, the. j/roplc of cw .Mexico, rcsotcffull</ 'petition
Congress&c. The91 people of New Mexico— !
all the people—the whole seventy-five ora hundred
thousand souls. And how is it signed5 It states !
that it is from the people of New Mexico assem- ;
bled m convention; and it is signed by a Mexican
or Spaniard, in a very illegible scrawl, which I
make out to be " Jos2 Martinez, Presidente del Con- ;
<&uZa,"&c., and by " J. M. Giddings, Secretanj
and then follow ten signatures of Spanish or Mex-
ican names, and two American or English. With- !
r\i disrespect to the Senator from Missouri, !
rvr ®RNT0W>] the Senator from Delaware,
JMr. Clayton,] I do not hesitate to say that it is
manifest that the assumption of these fourteen
people to speak in behalf of the whole people of
Mexico is an attempted imposition. Who autho-
rized them to speak for that people? They say
they were assembled in convention. Who elected
delegates to such convention? Who called itr
From all I have seen or heard, on this subject, I
feel justified in expressing the belief that this self-
styled convention was a mere gathering of a few
people about Santa Fe. It is dated Santa Fe, Oc-
tober 14,1848. There is nothing in the conclusion
of this petition showing how or in what character
the twelve persons who sign it, besides the Presi-
dent and Secretary, signed it.
Who are those persons? Are they citizens of
the United States, made so by the treaty with
Mexico, or what are they? Do they sign as indi-
viduals or as delegates ? This does notappear. Who
is this president u Jose Martinezand who is the
" JUr. Giddings" who sign3 as secretary? I should
like to be informed as to these points, to judge
whether this is or is not a got up concern; for, if
it is, we should not print it. " We, the people,"
these fourteen persons call themselves. Had the
ten, or fifteen, or twenty thousand American citi-
zens who have gone to New Mexico from the
United States any participation in this convention?
I mean those who went there as conquerors, and
staid there as conquerors under the flag of the Uni-
ted States. There is no evidence to this effect to
be found in this paper. My opinion is, that this
paper i3 of very inconsiderable and trifling con-
sequence in every respect. It is probably a mere
contrivance of a casual assemblage of some eleven
or twelve Mexicans and two Americans, with Mr.
Giddings, who have, without any authority, dig-
nified themselves as a convention of all the people
of New Mexico.
My sole object is to disabuse the country in ad-
vance of the idea that <{ the people of New Mex-
ico" have remonstrated against slavery. Three
Yankees, including Mr. Giddings, and eleven
Mexicans have so remonstrated; but as yet we
have to hear from ninety-nine thousand nine hun-
dred and eighty-six other Americans and Mex-
icans tn the country besides this fourteen. I do
not desire to make any observations upon the
point as to which the Senators from Missouri and
South Carolina disagree, for I really do not regard
this petition worthy any notice or rcspcct what-
ever. The notion that the inhabitants of a Terri-
tory who £0 there first after its being annexed to
the United States, or who were there before, are
to control this question; have the right to exclude
any other citizens of the United States and their
property that political prejudice or fanaticism may
incite them to exclude; or that, until the Territory
becomes a State, they can be regaided as a " peo-
ple" in the political and constitutional sense of the
term; or that the inhabitants of such Territory,
either of themselves or through Congress, can
make such an exclusion, it is well known I dis-
card. I do not intend to discuss that. I repeat,
all I desire is, that the people of the United Slates
may not be misled and deceived as to the character
of the document now presented, and which I be
lieve, from its appearance and its tenor, is mere
sham and humbug.
Mr. BENTON; (to Mr. Westcott.) Will you
hand me that petition ? I wish to read the woids
tlmt the Senator from Florida left out. He read
it twice, sir. as a petition fiom the people of New
Mexico. Ho read it twice as relating to the peo-
ple of New Mexico, and he read, sir, " the people ;
of New Mexico" twice—[laughter]—twice, ^ir, !
and by reading it twice bethought himself entitled i
to leave out the few following woids. j
Mr. WESTCOTT. I trust the Senator from
Missouri will not misrepresent me. I did not ;
Mr. BENTON. I have the floor, sir. lie did
read it twice, sir, leaving out the next few words
" assembled in convention, to the Congress of the ■
United States," and then went on, sir,"to say that
the petition is signed by only fifteen peisons, and
that it is the production of but a few people assem-
bled at the village of Santa Fe, and acting without
authority.
Sir, they say in that petition that they area con- 1
vention,assembled in convention. It is signed by ;
the president as president of the convention, and
by the secretary as secretary of the convention, j
and by some ten or fifteen men as members of that 1
convention. It comes to us, sir, as a petition of a !
convention representing the people ef the Territory I
of New Mexico. It comes to us, sir, in that form.
Upon its face it is that thing, sir—the petition of
an organized convention representing the whole
body of the people. In that form it stands before
us. And, sir, if there is an abuse or an imposi-
tion, it is in the attempt to present this petition as
the unauthorized action of a few individuals. Aye,
the abuse, the imposition, if there is one, is in the
attempt to cast discredit upon the genuineness of
this petition.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The remarks I have made
will be reported and published; and it is therefore
I unnecessary for me to appeal to the Senate and to
: every one in this Chamber who heard them, to
i verify my denial of the correctness of the statement
: of the Senator from Missouri just made. Why,
' sir, I expressly stated over and over again, that
1 the petition purported to come from a convention
! of the people of New Mexico, and the very ground
i of my objection to it was, that I was satisfied this
| was untrue, and therein the right of petition was
| abused, and an attempt made to impose on the
| Senate and the country. Sir, not a man m this
i Chamber, who heard what I said, and desired
j to hear aright, but so understood me. I did read
I the words " the people" and the words "ice the
■ people," both, twice, sir, if you please, becnu.^e
they are in the petition in two separate places. (
stated emphatically and distinctly several times
that it purported to be from the people assembled
in convention, and I stated it was signed by a
Mexican as president of a convention. This \ery
thing is what I characterized as an imposition. I
deny emphatically that I stated here that this
paper purported to be from a mere casual assem-
j blage, or a town meeting of a few persons at Santa
• Fe; and? on the contrary, that it did not so state
\ what I believed was the fact, was the foundation
I of my objection to it.
j The Senator would produce the impression that
. I misread the petition. All the answer I deem
! it necessary to make to such imputation by that
| Senator is, that there is not another Senator on
j this floor, nor any one who heard me, that will
j sustain him m making it. Why, sir, did I not
i ask, who elected delegates to this self-styled con-
i vention? who convoked it? and for what purpose?
| How was it called? How organized? &c. 1 did
! say, sir, there was no evidence be&ides the state-
' ment of the eleven Mexicans and three Americans
I whose names were signed to it, and who had no
t respectable voucher here, that there ever was such
; a convention, and I did state that, in the absence
j of this, I was satisfied it was a humbug, contnv-
! ance, and imposition. Did I not ask whether the
! residue of the hundred thousand souls in New
; Mexico, besides those fourteen, had participated
j in this convention, of which Mr. Giddings says
I he officiated as secretary? I did say, that from
1 the absence of any evidence of its being a con ven-
l tion of the people of New Mexico, I was satisfied
' it was a mere casual assemblage at Santa Fe, and
j not a convention of all the people of all New
i Mexico; and how is this gainsaid? The Senate
; has seen and heard, and the country will know,
i What has occurred has fortified my conviction that
i this petition is an imposition, and worse than a
| mere imposition. Without any further ohserva-
I (ions by me—for I only rose to correct the rms-
! representation made with respect to myself—I am
; content that the Senate and the country should
i decide whether the paper is or is not an attempted
| imposition, and who are culpable in reference to
; it. I caie nothing about the printing or the refer-
1 ence, one way or the other. I intended to disabuse
1 the public in advance as to the credit due to this
! petition, and that I have done. I am content that
• the remarks of the Senator from Missouri go to
| the public wi'h no other reply from me.
Mr. CLAYTON, I do not rise to extend this
debate, but regret exceedingly that it has occurred.
, I am sure that it has not been provoked either by
myself or the gentleman who has been associated
! with me in presenting this memorial. Before it
was presented we consulted together upon it, and
concluded to present if, and, after hearing it read,
to ask its reference to the appropriate committee,
and that it be punted. This was done. Not one
word fell from the Senator from Missouri or myself
to excite unpleasant feelings in the bosom of a
single Senator here, or of anybody anywhere;
and I would not now make any further remark,
after all that has occurred, if I did not think some
©f the observations.of the Senator from Florida,
