184a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ST
from New Hampshire has done, that we are op-
posing a respectful petition from the people of
New Mexico, is plainly begging the question, since
it does not appear, and I am confident cannot be
made to appear, that the people of New Mexico
have ever been called to consider the various ques-
tions presented in the memorial at all.
For my part, I respect the right of petition as
highly as any member of this body, and had I
assurance that this memorial had emanated from
any considerable portion of the people of New
Mexico, no matter how objectionable I hold it
in several respects to be, I should not object either
to receiving it respectfully or to printing it. But
thus to receive it, and thus to print it, would, in
my judgment, be affording the Senatorial sanction
to the pretension held forth by the document itself,
that it is the memorial of a convention entitled to
act for the whole people of New Mexico. It would
be seriously wronging that people thus to presume
opon evidence so trivial, inasmuch as the memo-
rial proposes to strike a fatal blow at the constitu-
tional rights of half the sovereign States of this
Confederacy, and to do special injustice to the
neighboring State of Texas. In the absence of
further testimony, I prefer presuming:, as I cer-
tainly do, that this document has been got up
in some irregular way, for special purposes, wholly
unconnected with the genera! welfare of the Re-
public, or the particular interests of the people of
New Mexico, who I doubt not will be profoundly
■surprised when they hear that such a memorial of
their views and wishes have been formally pre-
sented in the American Senate. But for the high
respectability of those who have become godfa-
thers of the document here, I should be inclined to
speak of it as one of the most ridiculous attempts
to set forth the deliberate views and feelings of a
whole people that I have ever heard of.
The Senator from New Hampshire has thought
proper to go out of his way, in order to attack
what he calls the Nicholson letter; he charges
upon that letter that it contained views similar to
those expressed in the memorial before us, and
accuses those of us who oppose the printing of the
memorial, and who sanctioned the Nicholson let-
ter, of a gross inconsistency. That Senator has
surely not read this New Mexican memorial, else
he would have easily discovered that it recom-
mends to Congress a violation of the constitutional
rights of the southern States of the Confederacy in
the form of the Wilmot proviso, to which the
Nicholson letter was opposed. Does not the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire know that the Nichol-
son letter declared that Congress had no right to
legislate on the subject of slavery in the Territories
of the Un ion; asserted that such legislation was
beyond the jurisdiction of the Federal Government,
and could not but result in the dissolution of the
Confederacy? Surely, the Senator from New
Hampshire must perceive that he has done serious
injustice both to the distinguished author of the
Nicholson letter and his supporters.
Mr. President, I look upcm this movement as one
of a decidedly setious character. It has origin-
ated with two of the oldest and most distinguished
members of the Senate; gentlemen of great weight
of character and extended influence. It involves a
subject of the highest importance to the Republic,
and one which has excited the most intense inter-
est throughout our limits. I have deemed it be-
coming, therefore, to meetit with ail proper gravity,
and, in language at the same time earnest and ex-
plicit, to declare the views which I entertain con-
cerning the document now under consideration,
and to hint, as I have done, at the circumstances
under which it probably originated. I am glad
that the yeas and nays have been called for, and
shall not hesitate in recording my vote against the
printing of a paper which comes before us at a time
so unseasonable, and in a manner so suspicious.
Mr. BERRIEN rose to inquire whether the
yeas and nays had been ordered on the original
motion?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have not been
ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN. Has the amendment been
withdrawn?
Mr. RUSK. The gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, I understand, wishes to withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. As I find, on consultation with
the Senator from Texas, that my motion to amend
might lead to discussion involving a prejudgment
of the question of the boundary of Texas, I will,
With the consent of the Senate, withdraw it. There
'will, I apprehend, be ample opportunity for the
discussion of this question when it shall come up
regularly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
printing the memorial. The yeas and nays have
been called for.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. CALHOUN. 1 shall certainly oppose this j
motion. I entirely concur with the views taken \
by the Senator from Mississippi and the Senator j
from Florida, that this whole affair is an imposi- j
tion. We have no evidence going to show that :
the paper is anything but the petition of those per- j
sons whose names aie attached to it. It is hardly ■
probable that, in any convention, a part of the j
members would sign their memorial, whilst others
would not. Under this belief, I do not think it
should betaken as the petition of .the j^ople of
New Mexico; and therefore 1 cannot gwWfthy vote
to print the paper.
The question on the motion to print was now
taken by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Mosrs. Allen. Atchison, Atherton,Badseij Bald
win, Benton, Bradhurv. Breeze, Butler, Cameron, Clarke,
Clayton, Corwin, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge,*Douglas,
Pelch, Fitzgeiaid, Hale.. Hamlin, Johnson ot Maryland,
Johnson of Loui-iana. Metcalfe, Miller, Ntles, Pearce,
Spruanee, Sturgeon, Underwood. Uphani, and Walker—33.
XAYS—Mo'sf-rs. Beirien, Boiland, Calhoun, Davis of
Mississippi, Downs, Fuzpatnck, Foote, Houston, Hunter,
King, Rusk, Turney, Westcott, and Yulee—14.
So the order to print was agreed to; and then the
memorial was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave notice of the following
amendment, which he proposed to offer to the bill
for the admission of California into the States of
the Union:
" Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the district judges,
attorneys, and marshals, herein provided to be appointed,
are hereby authorized and empowered to lay oft*said Terri-
toiy into election distncts, for the election of seventy-five
delegates lo a convention to form a constitution for said
State of California, and to apportion the number of delegates
to said districts, according to the number of voters in each,
according to the best information they may he able to obtain;
to presciibe the time and places of holding the elections, and
to designate the person* who tiftal! conduct the same; and
also to prescribe the time and place tor the assembling of
said convention.
<•' Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted. That all citizens of
; the United States, resident within the limits of said Terri-
i tory, including all Mexican citizens who have become citi-
i zens of the United States under the fcth article of the treaty
referred to m the Kt seeron of tins act, shall be entitled to '
vote at the election of .-aid delegates to the c m^titutiondl
convention: Provided, That no person shall vote at said ,
election except white male inhabitants, who shall have
attained the age of twenty-one \ ears.-"' ;
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the amendment
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS gave' notice that he should '
move, hereafter, the reference of the amendment to
the Committee on Territories. I
Mr. BUTLER gave nGtice that he should op- :
pose this rcfercnce. A bill to admit a State into
the Union had uniformly been referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, which was the most
proper committee, on account of the many deli-
cate questions which it necessarily involved. If
this bill was sent to the Committee on Territories,
he believed it would be the first instance of such a
reference since the establishment of the Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS replied, that he had served on
the Committee on Territories in the House, and to
that committee similar bills had been always re- ,
ferred; but he had no pride on the suhject. ,
PRESENTATION OF PETITIONS.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition of Margaret A. ;
Fisher, asking compensation for the use of a .
machine; which was referred to the Committee on ;
Military Affairs. i
Mr. DIX presented a petition from John B. 1
Emerson, asking compensation for the use of an
improvement on the steam-engine, of which he is i
the inventor and patentee; which was referred to j
the Committee on Patents. !
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from James G. j
King, G. W. Blunt, and others, praying the re- '
moval of obstructions at Hurl Gate, in the East j
river, and of rocks, &c., in the harbor of New j
York; which was referred to the Committee on 1
Commerce. !
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of the J
sachems and chiefs of the Stockbridge tribe of*
! Indians, praying compensation for certain lands
* purchased by the United States from the Delaware
; tribe, in which they held an interest; which was
| referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
, Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Major
; Baker, of the ordnance corps, asking to be allowed
j brevet pay and emoluments; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of
Ward Marston and others, late officers of the Uni-
ted States marine corps, asking to be restored to
their positions in the corps, from which they were
dropped in consequence of its reduction on the ter-
mination of the Mexican war; which was referred
to the Committee on Navai Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of Jo-
seph Crocket, late marshal of Kentucky, praying
for an equitable adjustment of his account*; which
I was referred to the Committee on Claims.
| , MEMORIAL.
| Mr, JOHNSON, of Maryland, asked leave to
j withdraw from the files of the Senate the memorial
; of John S. Skinner, and that it be referred to a
] special committee. ' —
! Mr. BREESE objected to raising a special com
j mittee while there was a standing committee to
j which this memorioal could go. He suggested
j thnt the appropriate committee to which it should
i be referred was the Committee on Agriculture.
I Mr. JOHNSON requested the Secietary to give
[ him the date of its reference at the last session,
j The Secretary replied that it was referred on
' the 11th of April.
| Mr. JOHNSON continued. It was referred on
| the 11th of April to the committee to which the
: Senator from Illinois desired it now to be sent, and
! no report was made during the whole session. If
i that committee would say that they should be able
i to report upon it, he had not the slightest objection
' to send it back to them.
t Mr. STURGEON briefly explained, and ex-
; pressed his concurrence in the suggestion that it
; should go to a special committee.
; Mr. DAYTON spoke in opposition to the prop-
osition to refer to a special committee, and main-
. tained that it should go to th* appropriate commit-
tee—the Committee on Agricultuie.
Mr. YULEE demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and being taken, appeared
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin. Berrk-n, Cameron,
Clarke, Cla\ton,Corwm, Davis of Massachusetts, Houston,
Johnson of Maryland. Johnson of Loui-iana, M"i1k r, Pearce.
Rusk. Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Uphain, W.iiker, and
Westcott—20.
NAYS—Me««r«. Allen, A4oh son, Atherton. Borland,
Bradbury, Butler, Calhoun, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton,
Dickinson. Dix. Dodge, Downs, Felch, Foote, Hamlin,
Humer, King, Nile?, Underwood, and Yulee—21.
So the motion for a select committee was not
agreed to, and the memorial was referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
On raojjon of Mr. ALLEN,
Ordered. That William Tracer have leave to withdraw
from the files of the Senate his petition arid papers.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk,
announcing that tfie Speaker of the House had
! signed the enrolled resolution for the reappoint-
ment of certain regents of the Smithsonian Institu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed said enrolled
resolution.
VACANCIES IN COMMITTEES.
On motion, the vacancy in the Committee on
Private Land Claims was filled by the appoint-
ment of Mr. Badger. '
The vacancy in the Committee on Manufactures
was filled by the appointment of Mr. Sebastian.
The vacancy in the Committee on Enrolled Bills
was filled by the appointment of Mr. Fitzgerald.
CLAIM OF THE STATE OF ALABAMA.
Mr. KING, in pursuance of notice heretofore
given, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the payment of interest on money advanced to
the Government by the State, of Alabama, during
the Creek hostilities in the years 1836 and 1837;
which was read twice, considered as m Committee
of the Whole, and reported back without amend-
ment.
The bill being read a first and second time—
Mr. KING moved its consideration at this time;
and the motion being agreed to—
The bill was taken up for consideration, and
