40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14,
and papers in the case of Francis Cazeau were
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAYTON asked and obtained leave to
withdraw the documents accompanying the peti-
tion and papers of Aaron Carman.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of Rosanna
Maury, praying for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions. •
On metion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the petition
and papers in the cases of Joseph Radcliffe and
John Bruce were withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. ICING gave notice that he would to-mor-
row, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill for trie remission of duties on an
equatorian telescope, contracted for in London by
the trustees of the University of Alabama.
Mr. DOWNS gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill authorizing new sections of land
in heu of worthless school sections, or sections of
inferior quality, and for other purposes
Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill to grant to the State of Wisconsin the
military reservation at Fort Winnebago, in that
State;
A bill in relation to the Sabine lands in the
State of Wisconsin; and
A bill to provide for the construction of a mili-
tary road in the State of Wisconsin.
BILL INTRODUCED—SEVENTH CENSUS.
Mr. CAMERON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for taking a
seventh census, ur enumeration of the people of
the United States; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to a select committee of five members.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, it was
Ordered, Tiiat tho Vice President appoint said commit-
tee.
Thecommittee was then appointed by the Chair,
to consist of the following Senators:
Messrs. Cameron, Davis of Massachusetts,
Butler, Underwood, and Badger.
RAILROAD ACROSS PANAMA.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of W.
II. Aspinwall, J. L. Stephens, and Henry Chaun-
cey, praying for aid in the construction of a rail-
road across the isthmus of Panama, reported the
following bill:
A BILL to make compensation for the transportation of
troop-, and >upp)ies, lot a hunted tinu-, over the /alliums
of Panama.
Be it enattrd, $ That the Secretary of ibe Navv be, and i
he i< lieiebj. authoii/e,! and directed to ontei into a eon- j
tract, in behalf of the Government of the I 'mred Slates for
a penod not exceeding twenty years, with William IJ. A>- }
pinwall, John L. Stevens, and Ili-nry Chumeey, ail of the I
city of New York, tor the tran<porUtion, by steam, of naval !
and army s-upphes, including troops munitions of war, !
arm>, naval, and public stoies, ihe niaiNofthe United States,
arid all pernoiH m it? etnp'o\ment, to and tio, over mail-'
road, to be constructed th^ni and their associates, across 1
the Isthmus of Panama, from the Atlantic to the Pacific ;
Ocean: Provided, That the annual sain to be paid for sue!) 1
transportation shall not exceed three-fourths of the amount !
now stipulated by law to be paid for the transportation of j
the mails alone from New Yosk to Liverpool: Jiad pro- '
vided, also, That no payment under such contract shall be i
made until said i.ulroru! shall be so far advanced as to j
permit said transportation across the Isthmus ol Panama -
wholly bv f-teain power: .-in 1/ j<)ovidcJ farther, That the '
contract to b  nnde in purhu.ince of tins act shall requne 1
the s-aid railroad to be commenced within one vear fiom the
dato of said contract, and be completed within three years 1
from the Kt day of June, in the year eighteen hundred and :
forty-tune. ;
The bill having been read a first and second
time—
Mr. BENTON stated, that it" the work which
was contemplated was to be done at all, it must
be done during: the dry season. If this bill, there-
foie, was to be passed, it should be passed imme-
diately. He would therefore move to postpone
the further consideration of the. lull until Monday
next, and to make it the special order for that day.
_ Mr. CAMERON intimated a wish that a lon cr
interval should be allowed. The bill had been
read to-day for the fi"st time, [t contemplated
giving a profitable contract to citizens of' New ■!
York; but if publicity were given to the subject i
others mi?ht come forward and offer more favor- !
able terms. l!
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, reminded the Sen- i|
ator that the right of way was secured by treaty,
and that the petitioners for this contract had ob-
tained a charter from the Government of New
Granada. No others could come forward in the
face of this monopoly charter. The dry season
would now set in until July, and it was important
that advantage should be taken of the season.
Mr. BENTON explained that it was not likely
it would be disposed of on Monday. He was
desirous that it should be taken up.for discussion
on that day.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the memo-
rial accompanying the bill was ordered to be
printed.
The bill was then made the special order for
Monday next.
EXPENDITURES OF THE POST OFFICE,
j Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr.President, yesterday
' a report was presented by the Chair to the Senate
j from the Treasurer of the United States, containing
j accounts of the receipts and expenditures of the
] Post Office Department for the fourquarters ending
j June 30th, 1848. When this report was laid be-
j fore the Senate, no other Senator seemed to pay
| any attention to it, and, supposing that it might
contain information valuable to the Senate, I rose
: in my place and asked for it to be printed. The
j motion prevailed, and the printing was ordered,
i Afterwards the Secretary informed me that this
j was a document which it wasnot usual to print;and
thereupon I went to the table and examined it. I
\ found it to contain nothing more than an account
: of the deposites made by the Post Office Depart-
■ mentat the various depositories to the credit of that
j department, and drafts paid by the Treasurer of
| the United States out of the fund so deposited, to
i a great variety of persons, whose names are given
| in the account—some twelve or thirteen hundred;
but what the money was paid for is wholly omitted.
; I therefore conceive thatit is wholly useless to print
thedocumentin its present shape; and I have risen,
| therefore, for the purpose of moving a reconsidcr-
: tion of the vote by which the printing of it was
| ordered.
! I desire, sir, to call attention to the manner in
; which these accounts are kept. There are four
j large volumes of the account, which shows how
| much labor has been bestowed upon the report,
| which can be of no practical value whatever in its
I present shape. In this account there is a credit
! given to the Post Office Department for ,^,189,204 60;
j and charges arc made against this fund for an
amount paid to Mr. Francis J. Grand of $972 75;
I an amount paid to Hamilton & Fonrnoy, §815;
and for an amount paid to Gales & Seaton, $1G 25;
and so on, going through the twelve or thirteen
' hundred names set down in the books. And this
is all the information which the book contains.
It would have been just as valuable to have said,
that, for the second 'quarter of the year 1848, the
receipts of the department were so much in the \
aggregate, and the expenditures so much. j
In looking into this subject, it has occurred to
me that many of the reports made by the various !
departments of Government, showing how money t
lias been expended, are very unsatisfactory, in not ,
stating for what the money was paid—in not ex- i
hibitirig the nature of the service rendered, or the 1
kind or quality of the property purchased. There
might be, in the voluminous reports made by the
different departments of the Government, all this I
information given to us at every session of Con- '
gress. But. if it is communicated m the intelligible :
form in which it ought to be done, showing the
amount paid to each mdi\ idual, and for what" ser-
vice, or if it be on a contract, the amount actually
purchased and delivered by the vendor, I am not
apprized hy the reports made. In view of this
subject, after my motion shall be disposed of, I !
will, with the leave of the Senate, submit a reso-
lution, which will be a joint resolution, for the pur-
pose of instructing the various departments of the
Government making report of disbursements of
money, that they inform us, not only to whom the
money has been paid, but for what specific purpose.
And that can be stated very briefly, and the inform-
ation communicated in that way would be vain- :
able. When I have submitted my joint resolution
it may lie on the table, and in the mean time I will
consult those better informed on the subject, if this i
information is annually given. If not, perhaps I i1
shall call up the resolution, and ask the action of
the Senate. At present, sir, I move to reconsider i,
I the vote by which this very useless account, as I
!; think, has been ordered to be primed.
The order was then reconsidered, and the motion
ji to print withdrawn.
DEATH OF HON. A. D. SIMS.
I A message from the House of Representatives
jiwas received hy Mr. Campbell, their Cleik, an-
j/nouncing that the House had received information
pt of the death of the Hon. A. D. Sims, late a Repre-
j sentative from the State of South Carolina, and
| communicating the proceedings of the House
! thereupon.
I The message having been read—
I Mr. BUTLER rose and said:
j Mr. President: My late colleague, the Hon.
; Alexander Drom&oole Sims, whose death has
! been announced by the message just read, took
i his seat in the House of Representatives, for the
| first time, in the Twenty-ninth Congress. A few
i days before hi** sudden death, which took place
I on the 16th of the last month, at Kingstree, South
| Carolina, he learned that he had been returned, for
the third time, by the same district to Congress.
I These marks of popular favor were honorable
i evidence that he had won and retained the confi-
dence of an intelligent constituency.
![ Mr. Sims was born in Brunswick county, Vir-
J! girna, on the 12th of June, 1803. His highly
;j respectable parents, though in moderate circum-
ji stances, belonged to that class of persons who
i| placed a high value on the advantages of a liberal
education; and two of their sons attained eminence
and distinction, and, by their-success in life, made
a worthy requital for the sacrifices of their parents,
i The deceased, of whom I am speaking, if not a
scholar in the highest import of that term, was a
■ ; gentleman of excellent intellect, of various and ele-
, gant literary attainments. His brother (late a pro-
fessor of Alabama University) was an eminent
! divine and ripe scholar. My colleague, after pass-
; ing through his ordinary academic couise, became
I a student in the North Carolina University, and
J continued in that institution until his junior year,
, j when, perhaps attracted by the high reputation of
Dr. Nott, for whose character he seemed to have
^entertained a pious veneration, he joined one of
j; the higher classes in Union Collegej in the State
j of New York, and was graduated in that institu-
i tion in 1823, leaving behind him a high reputation
j1 for capacity and attainments, especially in those
II branches of learning comprehending the tasteful
j1 pursuits of literature and the philosophy of the
'; human mind.
:! On his return from college he studied law in the
!, office of his nnclc, (the late General Dromcoole,)
and, for one or two years after his admission to
r the bar, he practised in the courts of Virginia.
His success not being equal to his expectation or
;; the aspirations of his ambition—for he was an
" ambitious man—he removed, in 1826, to Darhng-
ton district, South Carolina, and took charge of
i an academy. In this situation he was eminently
! useful, and laid the foundation of many enduring
i friendships, to which he may pet haps have been
i indebted for his subsequent success in life. Some
| of his pupils are now citizens of distinction, and
i bear testimony to the excellence of their teacher
■ and preceptor, and perhaps the highest and most
: honorable monuments he has left behind him are
! the intelligent citizens who acknowledge with grati-
tude the instructions derived from him.
i Mr. Sims was admitted to the bar of South
' Carolina in the year 1829, and soon acquired a
, lucrative practice. As a counsellor, solicitor, and
, advocate, I can speak of him with unfeigned
pleasure. He was engaged in the most important
causes on his circuit, and was always equal to
, them. In the Supreme Court, some of his argu-
■ ments are marked by research, learning, and
■ ability.
| Kis ambition aspired rather more to political
distinction than to forensic reputation, and before
he enteied upon the responsible duties of public
life he took an active part in popular meetings m
the exciting politics of the time. Jn 1840 he was
returned a member of the Legislature of South
Corolina. His efforts here enhanced his reputation
among his constituents and fellow-citizens, and he
was transferred to the Congress of the United
States.
His career in that bodv is better known to others
presentthsn tomyself. Judgingfromanotice taken
of him in a late book of biographical sketches, he
