44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
mand was made more than twenty years after the ]
claim was fully investigated and fully paid, accord- !
ing to the then decision of Congress.
Under the circumstances of this case, the claim-
ants had a right to be fully paid for all work actu-
ally done. This they had received. They were en-
titled to all necessary and proper expenses which
they had incurred, or labor performed, to complete
the work. This had also been paid to them. They
now claimed, that if the work had not been aban-
doned, and they had performed it upon their part,
they would have realized a profit of one hun-
dred and thirty-one thousand dollars; and that the
United States should pay them this sum. But
had they performed their part of the contract?
They had not; and, from all the circumstances in
the case, it might safely be said they would not.
From their delay, it was impossible to do it in the
time prescribed.
Thisclaim had been twice examined and report-
ed upon by special commissioners appointed by
the United States, and this at much labor upon the
part of the commissioners, and cost upon that of
the United States. He considered the claim as
without merit, and had therefore moved that the
bill be laid aside, and repotted to the House, with
a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. FLOURNOY said the mass of papers and
evidence m the case was so great that it could not
be expected that any committee of the House
could ever be able to devote sufficient time to its
investigation to report a specific sum to be appro-
priated. The bill, accordingly, only provided for
the appointment of a commission to be composed
of the proper accounting officers of the treasury,
to make a fair and full investigation, with power
to send for additional testimony, if it was neces-
sary on the part of the Government, and to report
the amount justly due, to the Secretary of the
Treasury, to be paid by him. He did not see what
other course the House could take, for, as he
had already said, it would be impossible for them
sufficiently to investigate the case to enable them
to come to a direct conclusion, as was shown by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Tiiomas,]
who, although he had given considerable attention
to the case, and although the report of the com-
mittee had been made early at the last session,
admitted he had not time to go into a full investi-
gation.
The only question was, whether this commis-
sion should report to the House, or directly to
the Secretary of the Treasury, for that officer
to pay the amount ascertained to be due? He
thought, having confided it to the proper officers
of the Government, and having required of them
full and complete investigation, that it would be
unnecessary to send it back to the House, and
moreover, that it would amount to an indefinite
postponement, because the House would be called
again to £n over the subject.
in reference to the justice of the claim, he
thought there could be no doubt but that there was
an amount, and probably a large amount, due to
the memorialist. The only difficulty was, to
ascertain the precise amount. It seemed to him
that the only proper course was, to leave to a
commission of the officers of the Government to
ascertain the amount, and report it to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and let the Secretary of the
Treasury pay it. He therefore hoped the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee would be
rejected.
Mr. CUMMINS wished to know of the gentle-
from Virginia, who had said that a large amount
was due, what that amount was, and for what it
wasclaimed; whether for laboractually performed,
for depreciation of mateiials, utensils, &c., or for
imaginary loss of profits which the claimants sup-
posed might have accrued if the contract had been
fulfilled?
Mr. FLOURNOY replied, that a former com-
mission had reported that two or three hundred
thousand dollars were due, and that for work which
had been done; for depreciation of materials, uten-
sils, &c.; for losses sustained by a contract which
the claimants had made for continuing the work;
and, in addition, for loss of profits which would
have been received had the Government carried
out its contract.
Mr. CUMMINS further inquired who were the
persons that now pressed the claim—whether the
heirs, or the creditors of the deceased ?
Mr. FLOURNOY said he thought it was pressed
by the legal representatives, the administrators
and the creditors. Probably the creditors were
more interested in the claim than the representa-
tives, as Harris & Farrow were rendered abso-
lutely insolvent by the contract.
Mr. CUMMINS inquired of the gentleman from
Tennessee,[Mr.thom as,] whether the amountsdue
for labor actually performed, and for depreciation
of materials and instruments, had been ascertained
by former commissions, and whetherthey had been
paid ?
Mr. THOMAS replied in the affirmative to both
branches of the inquiry.
Mr. PENDLETON was understood to say that
the gentleman was mistaken, and that a large
amount had been reported by former commissions
to be due; but that the award had never been
paid, nor any part of it, because of the difficulties
of getting Congress to act upon it.
Mr. DANIEL read lrom a report made by a
committee of the House in 1832, to confirm the
statement of Mr. Thomas, that both these awards
had been paid.
Mr. CUMMINS said he understood, then, from
the statements of gentlemen, and from the report
read, that originally there had been three different
grounds of claim, viz: for labor under the con-
tract; for depreciation of materials, implements, &c.;
and for imaginary damages that had accrued to the
contractois by the Government abandoning the
contract. He also understood that awards had been
made for the first two grounds of claim, and been
satisfied by the Government, leaving only the
claim for loss of profits, which it was supposed
would have been realized, had not the Govei nment
discontinued the work. He was opposed to re-
ceiving testimony, and going into an investigation
of a claim for imaginary damages, after the lapse
of twenty or twenty-live years. If it was claimed,
or could be shown that the contractors had not
been fully indemnified for labor, expenses, and
actual losses, he would be willing now to vote such
ample indemnity; but he was opposed to fanciful,
unsafe legislation, which would go back twenty
years to satisly claims for damages which indi-
viduals might imagine had resulted to them from
the action of the Government.
Mr.BOTTS said it was not often that he engaged
in the discussion of private claims, and that he
should not at this time were it not that this claim
had been committed somewhat to his charge when
formerly in Congress; and at that time he had made
a full investigation of it. The circumstances had
in a great degree passed from him; yet the general
facts were so foicibly impressed upon his mind
that he could not permit the occasion to pass, with
the objections which had been made, without pre-
senting one or two views, it appeared, from the
evidence in the case, that some twenty-odd years
ago, these two individuals, Harris and Farrow,
entered into a contiact with the Government of the
United States for the performance of a very exten-
sive and costly work; that they incurred very heavy
expenses in preparation for the execution of the
work; that they furnished themselves wuh a large
body of hands, procured at veiy high prices; that
they supplied themselves with materials necessary
for the execution of the work; and just at the time
when they had placed themselves in a position to
execute it at a profit to themselves, and just at a
time when theie was considerable depreciation in
prices both of labor and materials, it suited the
pleasure of one of the contracting parties, the Gov-
ernment, to cancel the contract, and dismiss the
contractors.
He proceeded to trace the subsequent history of
the claim, noticing the facts that it had been sev-
eial times passed m each House, but lost in the
other for want of time ; that under an agreement
of both parties, that the whole matter should be
left to the arbitration of three disinterested, intelli-
gent officers of the Government, it was investi-
gated by the Second Comptroller, the Chief of
Engineers, and the Third Auditor, who made an
award of ^120,000 in favor of the claimants, which
he had thought at the time, and still thought, was
binding upon the Government. He did not un-
derstand that species of arbitration which was
binding upon one party, and not upon the other.
If the United States could have been sued in the
couits of law, the claimants could have recovered
every dollar of the award. But Congress had le-
fused to sustain the decision of their own arbitra-
tors, and the great difficulty in the way of a settle-
; ment from that day to this, had arisen from the fact
; that there were vanous creditors of Harris and
Farrow who had objected to the appropriations
| heretofore proposed to be made, because they were
' to be paid over to the legal representatives of the
] contractors, and from apprehension that the statute
! of limitations of Virginia would pieventthem from
| establishing their claims. But for this, no formi-
i dable objections would heretofore have been made.
i He was authorized by some of the parties m this
| case, creditors of Harris and Farrow, to state that
I they now made no objections to this bill.
But it was claimed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cummins] and the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Thomas]—although they wete willing
to indemnify the claimants for labor performed and
for materials lost—that no valid claim could be
set up for profits lost. But was this Congress to
be asked to draw the distinction between claims
for one item and claims for another? He put it
to this House, whether the Government of the
ij United States was not as much bound by its con-
i tract to pay for profits that would have been made
' as for work executed or materials lost? Were the
United States to enter into contracts which they
might abandon at their pleasure, and yet hold the
other contracting party ? Why, he wished to know,
when this principle should once be established,
who would be willing to enter into a contract with
the United States? Suppose he had made a con-
tract with the Government, and he had made a
good bargain, and the Government a bad bargain:
had he not the same right to hold the Government
to execute its contract with him, as, if the case had
been reversed, and the Government had made the
!'good and he the bad bargain, the Government
]: would have had to hold him to fulfill it? It was
j! so plain a proposition, that it would not be seri-
ously disputed.
: These parties had purchased materials and un-
| dertaken the work when everything was at the
i highest price; and the Government had chosen to
abandon it at the most unfavorable time. lie said,
| therefore, the Government was bound to pay the
: fair amount of the claim. But if they did not,
i they could not in justice and honor refuse to refer
it to their own officers to ascertain the amount
< justly due.
! The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cummixs] had
| objected to the claim, because, after the lapse of
I: twenty years, the claimants, he said, came before
!| Congress, and asked for leave to take new lesti-
ij mony to establish the old worn-out claim. The
I; gentleman here labored under a grievous error,
j: The claimants dsked no such privilege. The bill
I only provided that the United States might take
j, testimony in their own behalf; but the claimants
i; rested their claim on the evidence already adduced
ji and acted on.
ji He wished gentlemen to note the fact, that the
|j present bill did not propose to appropriate one sin-
;! gledollar. Itonly provided,upon the recommenda-
j| tion of one of the standing committees, whose opin-
j, ion was entitled to far more weight than his opinion,
jj or that of any individual member of the House,
11, that the matter should be sent to three disinter-
ested officers of the Government, to examine the
!j claim and ascertain whether anything was due or
!' not; and, if so, what was the amount^ Could any
I; harm to the Government grow out of this propo-
|| siuon' If the Register of the Treasury, the So-
j: licitor of the Treasury, and Colonel Joseph G.
II Totten, of the Corps of Engineers, were the honest,
j intelligent men they ought to be, and that he pre-
|j sumed them to be, and that no man here questioned
|| them to be, could any harm to the United States
ji result? But, on the contrary, if Congiess refused
this claim, might not the grossest and most
manifest injustice be done to the individuals con-
' cerned?
;! Mr. GIDDINGS wished to inquire of the gen-
j' tleman from Virginia whether the contiactors,
| Harri s and Farrow, had receivod compensation
i for all their outlays for the purchase of materials,
and for time, trouble, and labor?
Mr. BOTTS repeated, that many of the partic-
! ulars of the case were not fresh m his mind, as he
; relied entirely on his recollection of what passed
1 some four or five years since, when he had this
I subject under his charge, and when he got a bill
making' an appropriation for this claim through
I the committee of this House.
1 Mr. GIDDINGS asked if it was sought by the
i supporters of this claim to overturn the principle
