1848.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
questions of constitutional law, supposed to be
familiarly known only to gentlemen of the legal
profession. The bill on the table assumes that
Congress may of its own accord invest California
and New Mexico as one territorial State, with the
attributes of sovereignty; with a reservation to
Congress hereafter to take away part of the terri-
tory and form it into a separate State at its will; in
other words,"to make a deed, irrevocable in its
purport, subject to the power of Congress here-
after to control it, or to give Congress a creative
modeling power heretofore unknown in practice.
This is a question calling for judicial determination
or legal investigation, and ought to go to a com-
mittee composed of lawyers.
Mr. YULEE. I.have some recollection of the
history of the organization of the Committee on
Territories in this body. I was the delegate in
Congress from Florida at the time, and 1 very
well recollect that the organization of the Terri-
torial Committee was induced by the memorial
transmitted to Congress from the delegates in the
Florida convention; and, by reference to that memo-
rial, it will appear that our object in asking for the
formation of that committee had reference to the
business of our territorial organization. I recollect
also, that, after the organization of the Territorial
Committee, the first question that arose as to which
■was the proper committee to have the charge of a
bill for the admission of a State into the Union,
went to a vote by yeas and nays, and the Senate
decided that the Judiciary Committee was the pro-
percommittee for the reference. The vote to which
I refer had respect to the bill for the admission of
Iowa and Florida, as will be seen upon reference
to the proceedings. The question was then form-
ally decided by yeas and nays, that the Judiciary
was the proper committee for such a reference;
and I do not understand that, since the formal
decision was made, there has been any departure
from this practice—not even in the case referred
to by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,]
which was explained by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 do not say anything of the
former practice and decisions of the Senate, i
have merely stated that the Secretary showed me
in the Senate Journal, where the bill for the ad-
mission of Wisconsin was referred to the Territorial
Committee, was reported back to the Senate by
that committee, and so became a law. This is no
conjecture of mine, but a plain matter of record.
Mr. WESTCOTT (interposing) said: if my
colleague will allow me, I will suggest that the bill
of 1846-'47, respecting the admission of Wisconsin
as a State, was referred properly to the Judiciary
Committee; as, like this bill, on it arose, as an
original question, the organization and establish-
ment of the federal judiciary of the State. That
bill was conditional, to have effect if the people
ratified the constitution formed by their State
convention. The people rejected it, adopted a new
constitution, and asked for admission under it.
In 1847-'48 the only question involved was princi-
pally of limits and boundaries, and therefore the
bill was properly referred to the Committee on
Territories. This question was expressly decided
by the Senate two years since, on a bill respecting
Oregon Territory, and, if I am not mistaken, by
yeas and nays. I recollect a debate occurred on a
motion by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Breese]
to send the biil to the Judiciary Committee, which
prevailed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Florida is
in erior as to these bills respecting Wisconsin, i
The bill of lS47-'48 provided for the organization j
and establishment of the State federal judiciary in \
Wisconsin; and the same propriety existed, if
any existed, tor its reference to the Judiciary
Committee as with respect to the first.
Mr. YULEE. Admitting that the chairman of
the Committee on Territories is correct, it is but
precedent against piecedent; and I imagine that \
the question was not raised and seriously decided
by the Senate in reference to the Wisconsin bill,
but it was raised and discussed, and finally decided
upon the yeas and nays, by the Senate upon an-
other bill. If we admit the antagonistic precedent,
it is but precedent against precedent. And it does
appear to me more appropriate, according to the
view taken by the two honorable Senators who are
members of the Committee on the Judiciary, that
the bill should go to that committee; and I shall
certainly give my vote for such reference.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In order to settle the ques-
tion, I ask for the yeas and nays.
* They were ordered.
Mr. KING. I have not myself conceived it to
be a matter of primary importance whether the
bill be referred to the Committee on Territories,
or to the Committee on the Judiciary; nor have I ex-
amined the organization of the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to ascertain whether the gentlemen com-
posing that committee are possessed of those legal
acquirements which are necessary to enable them
to decide upon questions involving legal points,
and particularly constitutional questions; and I am
inclined to think that questions of tins character
will be raised by this bill. I think, therefore, it
would be eminently proper that the bill should go
to the Judiciary Committed, i can only state, m
regard to the practice of the Senate, that during the
twenty five years that 1 have been oonversant with
the proceedings of this body, 1 have not known an
instance, and I beheve tTfe Senate will bear me out
in saying that there has not been an instance, in
which a biil for the admission of-a State into the
Union has not been refeired to the Committee on
the Judiciary. That has always been considered
the appropriate committee to decide matters of this
kind.
I am surprised to see a struggle in regard to this
reference. I am surprised to see gentlemen so
anxious to send the bill to a committee to which it
has not been usual to send bills of this description,
as.if they were willing that the committee which
is known to be especially qualified to decide upon
the important- matters contained in the bill should
be precluded from taking cognizance of them. And
I ask, why is it, when there has been no case, ex-
cept the isolated case mentioned by the honorable
Senator from Illinois, of a reference to any other
tihan the Judiciary Committee, that there should
be so much anxiety, manifested ? Will Senators
tell me why it is? Sir, in the case to which the
! Senator has alluded, there wasa very extraordinary
| decision made by the committee, and sanctioned by
the Congress of the United States. There was a
decision made by which they formed an additional
State out of territory that was set apart for five
States. And if this were done by decision of the
Committee on Territories then, and with the as-
sent and concurrence of the gentleman who is
chairman of that committee now, I would hesitate
long before I would send another bill of a similar
character to the same committee. 1 am decidedly
in favor of adhering to the uniform practice of the
Senate which has prevailed ever since the form-
ation of the Government, and of sending the bill to
the Judiciary Committee, that it may undergo the
investigation of gentlemen of profound legal attain-
ments.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will simply remark to the
Senator from Alabama, that if he had luoked into
the Journals of the Senate he would have found the
reason why, in the course of his twenty-five years'
experience, such bill had never been sent to the
Committee on Territories. The reason is this:
there never was a Committee on Territories in ex-
istence.
A Senator. And never would have been but
for the case alluded to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. And never would have been
but for that case; and the reason why references
have since been made to the Committee on Terri-
tories is, that there has been such committee since.
Now, I have not a word to say in reference to the
action of the committee in relation to the Northwest
Territory. TheSenatorfrom Alabamasays itwould
be wrong to send the bill to the Committee on Ter-
ritories, because he says that committee have vio-
lated their duty by making more than five States
out of that Terntory. I wish the honorable gen-
tleman had listened to the remarks of the Senator
from Georgia, who told us that the measuie canie
fiom the Judiciary Committee and not from the
Committee on Territones.
It was by the bill as it came from the Judiciary
Commuterthat the territory was divided, and the
Committee on Territories, at the last session, only
actcd in deference to the Judiciary Committee, and
bowed to its decision. I hope, therefore, the-hon-
orable Senator will aim his shafts at the Judiciary
Committee, and not at the Committee on Ternto- :
ries, and that he will speak understandingly m
regard to the facts.
Mr. BRIGHT. As at present advised, I am
opposed to any legislation looking to the organi-
zation of territorial governments in either Califor-
nia or New Mexico during this Congress; never-
theless, I will lend my aid in giving every propo-
sition, having this object in view, a proper and
legitimate direction. The Senator from Georgia
moves the reference of a bill, offered by the Sena-
tor from Illinois, to the Committee on the Judiciary.
This I regard as a departure from the precedents
established by this body, under similar circum-
stances, upon like propositions. If the Senator
from Illinois had proposed by his bill to organize
a territorial government in California, instead of
admitting California directly as a State, I appre-
hend no Senator would have objected to a refer-
ence to the Committee on Territories. All would
have acquiesced in this disposition of the subject.
But because the bill contemplates an abridged
method of disposing of a question that has lately
occupied so much of public attention, therefore
it is said the Committee on the Judiciary is the
proper one to investigate and report upon the
measure. Is there a gentleman upon this floor
who believes that any bill or proposition having
for its object the organization of any of the Terri-
tories of these United States, can be passed upon
by Congiess without an issue made directly as to
j! whether slavery shall not be absolutely excluded?
jj He who comes to this conclusion must have been
an inattentive observer of what passed in this
,, Chamber at its last session. This geographical
■I question arose then., It will arise again, and with
increased strength. To send this bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary is a useless waste of time,
as far as their reasoning and recommendation are
concerned. I accord to the members of that com-
mittee as large a share of legal talent as belongs to
the same number of gentlemen in or out of this
Chamber; but when I recollect that four out of the
five members of that committee are from the slave-
holding States of this Union, I am not mistaken
in saying they cannot present a bill that will re-
ceive the sanction of this Congress.
The Committee on Territories is free from the
geographical objection I have made as applicable
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I think, there-
fore, it would be in conformity with past usage,
and more appropriate, to refer it to the former,
and shall vote accordingly. I have said, Mr.
President, that I was opposed to the organization
of all Territories during the present session of
Congress. 1 am still, believing as I do that there
is no great public necessity existing for haste in
this matter; and further, 1 always bow with defer-
ence and submission to the will of the majority.
If the American people decided anything in the late
national election, it was a referen&e of this ques-
tion of territorial acquisitions and organizations to
the incoming Administration." It was in No-
vember last bequeathed to them as a rich political
legacy, pregnant with capital, marketable in every
section of this Union. For one, I think it would
be in bad taste, and out of place, for this expiring;
Administration to prevent the execution of the will
in the manner pointed out by the testators, as
would be the case were we to prejudge and settle
the question this session.
Mr. BALDWIN, h appears to me that the
question now before the Senate is a very different
question from any that has heretofore been pre-
sented, being solely a question in regard to a mat-
ter of reference. The question ordinarily presented
when a bill is introduced for the admission of a
State is one which involves only matters of detail
in regard to that of which the policy is already
determined. But tins biil presents a question of
policy, whether this terntoiy, comprised within
the limits of our acquisition under the tieaty with
Mexico, shall be organized into one or more terri-
torial governments, or whether it shall be organ-
ized into a State government. This bill includes
California and New Mexico, and proposes to es-
tablish a State government over each. Thepeopie
of one porti'on of the Terntory have aheady ap-
plied to Congress to be organized into a Territo-
rial government. Another portion have asked
for a State government, but the people of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico have already transmitted
to Congress a petition which has been presented
to the Senate, and, if I mistake not, referred to a
committee; but, at ail events, the question is now
pending before the Senate, upon the application of
the people of New Mexico, whether they shall have
aTeiritorial government or not. Now this ques-
tion of policy is a question,-it appears to me, thatia
