1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
ing for the purpose of being read to the American
Senate, to have been already guarantied to these
gentlemen.
Now, sir, it is not the mails alone which they
are to carry, but naval and military supplies of
every kind. But the mails are already provided
for by a separate contract. They will carry them
on this railroad, whereas, at present, they carry
them on the backs of mules.
The articles proposed to be transported by this
company are of every species of military and naval
supplies. But it is not merely these supplies, it is
also for the transportation of persons; not merely
military, but of all persons. These are the great
ends to be attained and accomplished, and for these
the, bill stipulates to pay nothing. There is no
stipulation for anything, either in point of money
or in point of time. All is left open to contract.
But the bill has a consideration which is of the
highest possible moment. It is that the work shall
be completed within three years after the time,of
contract.
We are to thank the gentleman from Illinois
{Mr. Breese] for bringing forward his objections;
but he misconceived the object of the bill, and his
misconceptions put him off the track.
With this I will make a few observations to the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale.] That Senator has an argument, which I
feel as strongly as any one, against all monopolies
—all monopolies. But there happen to be cases
in which monopolies are both just and politic.
There are cases in whjph new and extraordinary
works cannot be accomplished except by giving
advantages to the company engaged in them. Of
that kind is the work before us; of that kind, sir,
are our mail steamers, which not only go to Cali-
fornia, but to Europe. Of that kind is the great
Cunard line of steamers, which have won the admi-
ration of the world. They are steamers employed
by the British Government. Of that kind are all
great enterprises set on foot, for which individuals
are not competent; and it is necessary, in order to
secure the fulfillment of such enterprises, to add
a consideration sufficient to insure the company
against loss, in order to get a great work accom-
plished; and all that duly considered, I should
advise the Secretary of the Navy to be careful
before he enters into any contracts with this or
any other company. The bill states a maximum
beyond which he cannot go. And there is no
minimum to which ho is confined. The maximum,
sir, is in favor of the country, and I trust we can
be satisfied that an officer of the American Gov-
ernment will make the contract upon the best
terms for his Government.
I have no objection to the bill going over, but as
for extending it, it is death to the hill. The loss
of a few months now is the loss of a year. And
then^t is something novel, sir, for legislation to
stop for the mere purpose of giving others an op-
portunity to come in and bid against a proposition
desirable in itself, and particularly, sir, when the
object contended for is already in the possession
of another. An application which may come in
may mar the whole object. They may offer to
carry it for the smallest possible sum and the merest
fraction of time. What then ? The right, sir, the
right is already in the possession of another. And
what becomes, then, of the contract ? No, sir, the
bill is open. The bill submits the whole matter to
the discretion of a high o/iicer of the Government,
and 1 see no reason why weshould be afraid to trust
to his discretion in the limitations.
Mr. ALLEN". As this is a matter of great im-
portance, sir, and a subject entirely new, I desire
some information in regard to it. The Government
of the United States has, I believe, in virtue of
treaty stipulations, the right of way for itself and
for its citizens across the Isthmus of Panama. I
desire to know whether the intention of this bill is
to transfer that right from the Government of the
United States to a company in New York, so that
no other citizen of the United States, except that
company, can exercise that right across the Isth-
mus of Panama.
Mr. BENTON. I apprehend that all persons
who would be at liberty to traverse the Isthmus if
this bill were refused, would still have the same
liberty -concerning this and ail other privileges if
the bill were to be passed.
Mr. ALLEN. I do speak of the rights of those
gentlemen in Nevv York. Their rights have no
special concern in this Senate. Our business is
with the-rights of the people of the United States,
which are secured to them by this treaty. I desire
to know whether it be the intention of this bill to
divest the Government and the people of the United
States of the right of transit across the Isthmus of
Panama, and invest this company in New York
with this right, to the exclusion of the people of
the United States who may desire to construct
railroads or canals across that isthmus. That is
what I wish to know. I desire simply to know
whether we are to give up any rights that we have
acquired under this treaty, by this bill, to any
company in the United. States, or whether the
people of the .United States, everybody in the
United States, shall have the right to go there and
make a road, canal, railroad, or anything else. I
simply wish to know whether we lose any of the
rights which we have acquired by the treaty with
New Granada.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I would merely
say that, so far as the railroad is concerned, the
right Is exclusive for a limited time; the grant is
for ninety-nine years. But as to transit, every
person can go according to his choice—on foot
through the woods, on mules, or in any manner
he may please. The privilege of the road is to be
exclusive, and it is that in which the people of the
United States are to get the benefit of the treaty.
Mr. CLARKE. I rise at this moment to ask
for the contract which was made by the Govern-
ment of New Granada with a company of the citi-
zens of Prance, in 1838, which contract has been
transferred to these persons—the memorialists. If
any Senator has a copy of that contract, 1 shall be
happy to see it before this debate proceeds further.
It is very desirablej in order to understand what
will be the situation of the United States,'and the
citizens of the United States, in case this bill pass,
for that contract to be understood by, the Senate,
before we proceed to any ratification of the petition
of these memoralists.
If this is to be restricted, it is very desirable
that we should know it; and if it is to be unre-
stricted and unlimited, we should also know it.
I would ask whether a copy of the contract is j
in possession of the honorable Senator from Mis- ;
souri, [Mr. Bentok,] or of any other person. 1
Mr. BENTON. It is in the city, and can 6e i
produced; but it has expired. ]
Mr. CLARKE. I understand that that contract
has expired, and that the same terms have been
granted to the present memorialists. It is very
desirable to know what are the terms of that con-
tract, and what are the terms of the contract under '
which the present memorialists claim the exclusive !
right of way across the isthmus. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. Mr. President, j
it is not probable that I shall vote for this bill, unless :
I understand it more thoroughly than it is possible j
to understand it in its present shape. I rise now i
j simply to suggest one.or two things, and I shall be i
much indebted to the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri if he can remove my objections. The bill itself
is not, if I understand the honorable Senator aright,
a bill authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
enter into a contract with these gentlemen for the
transportation of munitions of war, naval stores,
&c., but it is a bill directing as well as authorizing
him to enter into a contract with these gentlemen. :
The language of the bill is, that he "is hereby
authorized and directed" to enter into such a con-
tract. It gives him no option at all, but compels !
j him to enter into a contract upon such terms as j
| the bill prescribes. j
i Another provision of the bill is—and, so far as j
j that is concerned, it is entirely in the power, the j
j exclusive power, of these directors—that he is to j
give not more than three-fourths the amount which
is now paid for the transportation of the mail
from New York to Liverpool. The bill, if I un- '1
derstand it correctly, directs the Secretary of the !j
Navy to enter into a contract, to the provisions of ij
which I have just referred, with no limitation, ex- |j
cept that the amount paid for this service shall not ■ j
exceed three-fourths the sum which we now pay jj
for the transportation of the mails to Liverpool.
They may go up that high, if these gentlemen i
think proper to say that they will not contract for
anything short of that amount.
Now, if I recollect aright, the amount which we
pay .for the transportation of mails from Nevv York
to Liverpool is very nearly four hundred thousand
dollars per year. Hence we shall be paying these
gentlemen three hundred thousand dollars per year
for the period of this contract—twenty years—
which, in twenty years, would amount to six mil-
lions of dollars. Now, if I am correctly apprized
of the character of the country and the length of
the road, I am very much inclined to think that it
would not cost, at the maximum, to make this
road, more than two millions of dollars; perhaps
it might be done for a million and a half. At the
very utmost, the cost of making this road would
not exceed two millions. The result would be,
that it would place in the hands of these directors
a clear profit of four millions upon an expenditure
of two, and that without imposing on them any
obligation to do more than to carry ilie supplies of
the Government, munitions of war, public stores,
the mails of the United States, and all persons in its
employmen#-'.hat is, persons standing in an offi-
cial relation to the Government.
But I have another objection to the bill. I have
not seen the contract which Messrs. Aspinwall,
Stephens & Co. are said to have made with the
Government of New Granada. I understood the
honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr. BentonJ
to have said, in answer to an interrogatory of the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Clarke,] that the original contract has expired.
But I suppose that it has been, in some shape or
other, revived, as they are now in possession of
the authority to make this road. I believe I un-
derstood the Senator aright.
Mr. BENTON nodded assent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, now, Mr. President, I
would like to know whether the authority of which
they are now in possession for making this road
is an authority on the same terms as those con-
tained in the original contract; and, if so, I should
like to know what those terms are. I have been
informed by one who spoke with certainty of the
fact, that the original contract was a general and a
sweeping one. It contained no limitation upon the
amount of toll to be charged by those gentlemen.
They might fix any amount of toll that they thought
proper for the transportation of merchandise of
every description across the isthmus, from one
end to the other, and for the transportation of pas-
sengers. The practical operation of a bill of this
description may be this; I do not 3ay that these
r gentlemen would use it for any such purpose, but
i they might use it so; and, looking to the interests
; of the people of the United States, we should not
| give them the power. It may be that they may
i charge such an amount of toll for the transporta-
, tion of goods and persons as will make it the inter-
i est of persons to go themselves or to send their
| goods upon tlxis route as the cheapest of any of the
j other routes which will be opened to them. Now,
! what is the other route? Around the cape? By
| charging five per cent, less than is charged on the
j other route, they would get the whole travel. Itis
! unnecessary for me to say what an immense profit
, it will be to this company. Nobody can tell what
' it would amount to.
| I make these suggestions merely for the purpose
j of showing that, if we pass the bill as it has come
: from the Committee on Military Affairs, we place
in the hands of these gentlemen four millions of
dollars, and we at once put into their hands a
charter—for it is literally a charter—under which
they may impose millions and millions more, not
only for the whole period of twenty years, but for
the whole period that their road may last. Sena-
tors are aware that^they have a charter from the
Government of New Granada for ninety-nine
years. I do not know anything of it3 renewal.
Now, sir, as to the suggestion made by the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] on
which he places great weight, that these particular
gentlemen have a decided advantage over others
who would be likely to engage in an undertaking
of this description; why, sir, I should be very
glad to undertake it without a dollar of capital be-
longing to myself, and I could raise the money in
five days; for whoever has the authority to make
the road, with the certainty of receiving the six
millions, based on the credit of the United States
Government, will be greatly facilitated in obtain-
ing the fifteen hundred thousand or two million
dollars which will be necessary to accomplish the
work. But I understood the honorable Senator
that he did not intend to pres3 a vote on the bill to-
day; if he is not now prepared to answer my ob-
jections, he may do so when the bill conies up on
its final passage.
Mr. BENTON". I have no objection that there
