52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
should be a brief delay, provided the subject be
continued from day to day, until finally disposed
of. With respect to the paper asked for by the
Senator from Maryland, it shall be forthcoming.
The application for it is a very proper one, for the
letter contains other terms which are referred to
by the parties, and which do not appear upon the
face of the contract. I concur very readily in the
proposition which the gentleman makes for a brief
delay and the production of the paper, but the
Senator must excuse me if I do not join him in
his calculation respecting so compendious a mode
of expending four millions of dollars. In the first
place, upon no principle upon which he or 1 can
govern ourselves can we take away two millions.
We cannot set up our opinion as to the sum neces-
sary to be expended in the construction of the
road, in opposition to the estimate of competent
engineers. The gentleman will find the basis of
his calculation to be erroneous in another particu-
lar. The receipts for transportation are not to be
considered in the light of profit to the company.
I apprehend that their expenditure, which will be
very consideiable, will absorb those receipts. A
large number of persons will have to be employed
along the line of the road, and there must be a
large outlay for buildings to shelter those who are
so employed, and to shelter those who travel, i
apprehend there will be a large outlay from the
time that the work is completed and transportation
upon it commences until the transportation shall
entirely cease. We know that such is the ease
"with all our railways, and we know that such is
the expense attending them, to say nothing of
supplies of wood and water, from the number of
hands to be employed, that it eats deeply into the
amount received for the conveyance of passengers.
If we were to #o upon the assumption of the gen-
tleman, that nil the leceipts are clear piofits, we
might uelj be astonished 10 see how rapidly for-
tunes could be made. But when you come to look
at the detail of business, you will find that one-
half, two-thirds, or perhaps three-fourths of your
receipts must go for the necessary expenses. Thus
the gentleman's calculation wholly fails as to these
enormous profits.
Mr. BREESE. It is not my intention to trouble
the Senate with any remarks in relation to the
merits of this bill at its present stage, but I desire
to correct a slight misunderstanding which seems
to prevail in regard to one of the sections of the
bill. It appeared tu me that the language of that
section wuuld bear the interpretation which I have
put upon it. For twenty years' service they will
certainly leceive six millions of dollars, and they
will receive that allowance whether they construct
a railway tiie whole distance or not: for the Sen-
ator has himself informed us that they have at-
raady sent a steamboat to ply upon the Chagres
river, and that the whole extent of land travel will
not exceed twenty-five miles. Their outlay, then,
I apprehend, cannot cxceed one million of dollars.
I merely wish to direct the attention of the Senate
to this subject.
Mr. CAMERON rose to address the Senate.
Mr. BREESE. For the accommodation of my
friend from Pennsylvania, I will move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. DiX (the motion to adjourn being with-
drawn) rose for the purpose of calling the attention
of the Sen ate to another point in relation to this
subject. He apprehended that the Government of
the United States had no right, under the treaty with
New Granada, to confer the power of constiuciing
a road across the Isthmus of Panama at ali. The
only light (said Mr. D.) that we acquire, as I
understand it, is this: that citizens of the United
States, with their merchandise, &c., may pass
across the isthmus upon any roads which arc now
constructed, or which may be hereafter constructed,
with
citizens
structmg roads, or of authorizing their construction,
is reseived to them. I make this suggestion merely
for the purpose of calling the attention of the Sen-
ate to the subject.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the Senate adjourn; but before doing
it put in the hands of Senators as soon as it can
be done.
Oa motion, the Senate proceeded to the consid-
eration of Executive business; and, after some
time so spent, the doors were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December IS, 1848.
Several other members appeared and took their
seats, viz:
From the State of Georgia—Robert Toombs.
From the State of Florida—E. Carrington
Cabei.l.
From the State of Alabama—Geo. S. Houston.
From the State of Missouri—James B. Bowlin.
From the State of Massachusetts—Horace
Mann.
From the State of Kentucky—Beverly L.
Clarke.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
'i The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order was the motion heretofore made by
Mr. Robjnson, to reconsider the vote by which
the House had adopted the resolution offered on
Wednesday last, by Mr. Root, in relation to the
government of the new Territories.
But the SPEAKER suggested that there were
a number of Executive communications on the
table; which, by general consent, he would now
lay before the House.
No objection having been made—
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications:
I. A letter from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act of March 2d,
1819, regulating passenger ships and vessels, tabu-
lar statements showing the number and designa-
tion of passengers who arrived in each collection
district of the United States during the year ending
September 30, 1348; which letter and statements
were referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting, in pursuance of the resolution of the
H ouseof Representatives of December 30,1791, a
report of the receipts and expenditures of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1848;
which letter and report were laid an the table, and
i ordered to he printed.
On motion of Mr. POLLOCK,
' Ordered^ Thai 100 copies extia he printed for ihe use of
i the oOice of the Kegister of the Trc<iMiry.
i III. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
\ transmitting a report of the Commissioner of the
; General Land Ofiiee, exhibiting the operations in
i that branch of the public service during the Jast
: year; which letter and report were laid on the
! table, and ordered to be printed.
i On motion of Mr. COLLAMER,
! Ordered, That 500 copies extia of said letter and report
; be punted for the use of the General Land Ulfice.
| IV. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
! transmitting the report of the Superintendent of
t the Coast JSuney, showing the progress'of that
! work during the past year; which letter and report
; were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed,
j On motion of Mr. GRINNELL,
I Resolved, That there be printed 2,0u0 extra copies of the
j report ot the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, including
j the engraving?, and 250 copies be placed at the disposal of j
' the Superintendent. j
Y. A letter from the Treasurer of the United 1
i States, transmitting copies of accounts of receipts :
j and disbursements for the Post Office Department, I
j for the year ending 30th June, 1848; which letter !
j and copies of accounts were referred to the Com- !
i mittne on Printing. j
■ VI. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans- j
. ! mitttng a report from the Adjutant General statin®- i
h tii-3 same privileges as are enjoyed by the ' the cause of the delay in furnishing certain inform-|
zens of New Granada, while the right of con- s ation relative to the military forces employed m i
j the late war with Mexico, called for by a resolu- :
| tion of the House of Representatives of the 31st !
| July last; which letter and report were laid upon
I the table and oidered to be printed.
! VII. A letter from the Clerk of the House of,
, ~ „ , o , Representatives, transmitting a detailed statement!
so, 1 would inquire if there be a copy of this com- ; 0f the expenditure of the contingent fund from '
pact with the h rench company upon which this ; the 8th day of December, 1847, to the 1st day of f
whole matter is based, in print, because we ought J December, 1848. i
t04a/Vpv™\rUS' r, „„1 . .1, C . r •„ ! A statement of the amounts paid for stationery ;
Tn y Senator, I will during the first session of the thirtieth Congress, !
say that I will do all tnat is in my power to have j for the u«g of the House of Representatives. ;
A statement of" the several articles and cost of
stationery furnished the Postmaster of the House
of Representatives.
A statement of the stationery furnished the
Clerk's offiee; and
A statement of the balance of money on hand
on the 1st day of December, 1848; which letter
and statements were laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
' Mr. VINTON, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, reported a bill
(No. 665) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1849; which bill was read a first
and second time, and committed to a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,
Ovirrfl, That the said bill be made the special order of
the day for Wednesday, the 27th day of December instant.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, by general
consent, from the Committee on Claims, to whom
was referred the bill from the Senate (No. 107)
entitled " An act for the relief of George Center,"
reported the same back without amendment. Com-
mitted.
Bill from the Senate (No. 351) entitled " An act
authorizing the payment of interest upon the ad-
vances made by the State of Alabama for the use
of the United States Government in the suppres-
sion of the Creek Indian hostilities of 1836 and
1837 in Alabama," was read twice and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
THE NEW TERRITORIES.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
following: resolution had been adopted:
Rcsolred, Th.il the Committee onTerritoriea he instructed
to report to tins House, with an little delay as practicablr,
a bill or hili^ providing n teriitorj.i) government for each of
the Ten itor^ of New Mexico and California, and excluding
slaveiy therefrom.
And on this question, Mr. Robinson was enti-
tled to the floor-
Mr. COLLAMER rose to a question of order.
He desired to inquire whether it was in order to
debate this question. He understood that a reso-
lution had been introduced by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Root,] upon which the previous ques-
tion had been moved, and which must otherwise,
under the ordinary operation of the rule, have gone
over for debate. The previous question having; been
moved and seconded, the resolution was adopted.
A motion had been made to reconsider the vote.
Could that motion he now debated? Because, if
so, the House might thus pass all its resolutions,
which, under the rule, could not be debated on the
day on which they were offered, and, by mov-
ing to reconsider the vote, could avoid the opera-
tion of the rule.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution had
already gone over three days. The gentleman
would take notice that the motion to reconsider
had been made on Wednesday or Thursday of
Jast week.
Mr. COLLAMER suggested that there were
very many resolutions standing on the calendar
before this.
The SPEAKER. A motion to reconsider takes
precedence of all other motions.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then it would not ordi-
narily be subject to debate unless it had laid over.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it comes up. The motion to recon-
sider is debatable this morning.
Mr. ROBTNSOj\t then proceeded with his re-
marks.
He said that when he had made the motion to
| reconsider the vote by which the House had
adopted the ieso)ution of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Root,] it was only for the purpose of making
j explanatory remarks in relation to his own views.
| He thought that the vote ought to be reconsidered,
| with a view lo allow gentlemen on both sides to do
J this. The practice which prevailed here to a con-
siderable extent, of offering resolutions and compel-
ling gentlemen to vote upon them, under the press-
ure of the previous question, often subjected them
to much misrepresentation and to many unjust im-
putations before their constituents and the country;
especially when, as in this case, the resolution was
a compound one, embracing two distinct propo-
sitions, about which members differed widely as
to which was the major and which the minor.
