1848,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
The resolution proposed to instruct the Com-
mittee on the Territories to report a bill organizing
territorial governments in New Mexico and Cali-
fornia, and excluding slavery therefrom. There
were members on this floor who considered the
question of organizing a territorial government
there as of more importance than anything else;
-whilst there were others who considered the ques-
tion of slavery, as connected with them, as para-
mount toeveryotherconsideration. Yet,according
to the decision made by the Speaker, the question
was indivisible. The House must take all or none.
Again: there were other gentlemen who thought
it inexpedient to attempt any legislation during the
present session of Congress upon the subject of
these territories. For his own part, he admitted
that he was one of the last class. These territo-
ries had been acquired not only since the present
Administration came into power, but they had
been acquired since the present Congress had been
•elected. If, therefore, the question was settled
during the present winter, the constituents of gen-
tlemen here would have had no opportunity to act
directly upon the question through their represent-
atives elected with relation to it, or to a President
elected after the question had been mooted. An
effort was made to legislate upon it during the last
session, and it failed. It was not unreasonable to
suppose that any attempt to legislate upon it during
the present session would terminate in asimilar way.
Since the question, however, had come up be-
fore the country, a Presidential election had been
•decided. Since an attempt had been made here to
take action upon the subject, this election had
taken place; and upon the result of that election,
this question, above and beyond all others, had
had a most controlling and all-pervading influence.
It would not be denied by any one, come from
what section of the country he might, that,the
•question of slavery, as connected with these/Ter-
ritories, absorbed every other. The old domestic
questions of bank, tariff, distribution, and so
forth, sank into insignificance beside it, and were
rarely ever referred to, especially by the opponents
of General Cass. The result disclosed the extraor-
dinary fact, that the two extremes of the Union,
upon this question of slavery, had met and united
upon the same Presidential ticket, and, as each
professed to believe, to subserve directly antago-
nistic and adverse purposes. But however widely
the friends of General Taylor might have differed
upon the question of slavery, the North and the
South, the East and the West, ail seemed to think
that he could settle the question, and had more
confidence in him than in either of the two other
•candidates who were before the country.
The party of which he (Mr. R.) professed to
be an humble member went before the country
with a candidate whose opinions and views had
been expressed in the most unequivocal manner.
He was in favor of what was termed non-inter-
ference. He was in favor of keeping the question
■of slavery, as connected with these Territories, out
of this Hall. This doctrine seemed to have been
•condemned by the result of the late election. He
would add, that so far as he was individually con-
cerned, his position had always been, that the doc-
trine of non-interference was the better doctrine.
If the party to which he belonged were to consult
the old Democratic platform—if they were to fol-
low the track which that party had pursued upon
all questions—or very generally, at least—such
would have been their course. Their object had
been to bring into these halls as few questions as
possible—to leave to the States themselves as many
questions as it was possible to leave to them; and',
still pursuing that path, their party—or, all events,
the candidate of that party—was willing to adhere
to it on this question of slavery.
It had, however, as be(Mr.R.) had stated, been
condemned, and it seemed that legislation must be
had; but itseemedalso that it must not be had under
this Administration. The question was taken out
oftheirhands. The people had devolved the duty
upon other hands; and under these circumstances,
with a dying Administration, and an expiring Con-
gress, he conceived it would be improper to step
in between the people and the next Administra-
tion, and undertake to settle the question before
General Taylor entered upon the duties of the ex-
ecutive office. Suppose it were one of the old
domestic questions in which the country had been
so much interested, and about which it had been
so much agitated—say, for example, the bank or
the tariff question—place either of. these questions |
in a parallel condition with this, and he would ask, j
would it be proper, with a Democratic Admmistra- ;
tion, just defeated, to undertake to settle it? He i
thought not. And such also Was his opinion of b
this question. I
He was perfectly well aware that the two ends |j
of the Union which supported General Taylor on
this particular question of slavery, differed widely
from each other; yet on one question they all
agreed; that was to say, they had with one ac-
cord agreed—if in anything—upon this point, that
this Government had the power to legislate on this
question of slavery here, and that it ought to ex- |j
ercise that power. He believed, too, that the
southem division of the Confederacy which sup-
ported General Taylor had taken the lead, if pos-
sible, in contending that the Government had the
power, and that it was expedient to exercise it.
So far as they of the North who had opposed le-
gislation on this question were concerned—he spoke
at least for himself—he had opposed it on the
ground of expediency alone. He had never op-
posed it on constitutional grounds. The southern
friends of General Taylor seemed unwilling, how-
ever, to abide by this doctrine They were as
zealous for legislation as the Wilmot-proviso men
of the North. He spoke from the record; he
drew his authority from the book. He spoke
from the speeches of these gentlemen, here and
elsewhere.
In proof of this assertion, he would take leave
to turn the attention of gentlemen to the bill
which came to this House from the Senate, at the
last session, known as the compromise bill of Mr.
Clayton. That bill proposed to leave the question
of slavery where the Constitution of the United
States and international law had left it. If under
their operation the slaveholders of the South could
have taken slaves into these Territories, the bill
did not propose to cut them off; but if slaveholders
would have been prohibited by these laws from
doing so, then the bill did not propose to confer
upon them any constitutional right to do so.
The bill passed the Senate by a large major-
ity; and, as a party, the Democratic party of the
country were willing to abide by this constitutional
doctrine, lead where it might. It was a doctrine
older than this question; and it would have been
anti-Democratic and anti-Republican, nay, more,
it would have evinced a willingness to trample on
constitutional rights to have contended for more.
Yet, when the bill came to this House, a distin-
guished gentleman from Georgia and a decided
friend of General Taylor, [Mr. Stephens,] moved
that it be laid 011 the table, and it was accord-
ingly laid 011 the table, seven other southern
members .voting with that gentleman. The gen-
tleman subsequently obtained the floor, and ex-
plained his reasons for his motion and his vote.
They were, that under the operation of the Con-
stitution and of international law, his constituents
would not be permitted, under the bill, to take
their slaves into these Territories. He went into
an elaborate argument to show that slavery was
a local institution; tbat the Constitution had no-
where established it; that slavery had already been
abolished in New Mexico and California, and that
the passage of the bill would have continued the
prohibition, unless altered by competent authority.
The gentleman quoted writers upon constitutional
law, and the decisions of the Supreme Court, and, i
as he (Mr. R.) thought, very ably made out his ;
case. And he had closed his speech with these |:
propositions:
The first is, that by the bill the whole subject of jj
slavery in California and New Mexico, without
any legislation on the part of Congress or the Ter-
ritorial Governments, one way or the other, is ;
refered to the Judiciary, to determine whether it j:
can legally exist there or not. ;i
2d. That the Constitution of the United States '
fully recognizes and amply protects the institution
of slavery where it exists by the laws of the State
or place; but it does not establish it anywhere i,
where, by the laws of the place, it is prohibited. I
3d. That California and New Mexico being Ter- j
ritories acquired by conquest, all the laws which >
were in force at the time of the conquest, not in- j
consistent with the Constitution of the United j.
States, or the stipulation of the treaty of peace, or u
which were purely of a political character, are, ac- !
cording to well-settled principles and the adjudica-
tion of our own courts, still in force. ! 1
4th. That as slavery did not exist there at the
time of the conquest, but had been prohibited by
express law, the Supreme Court of the United
States, to whom the matter was to be referred in
the last resort, could not be expected, from the
principles of numerous decisions already made, to
decide otherwise than that slavery cannot be pro-
tected there, until the existing law abolishing it be
altered by competent authority.
5th. And, lastly, that these positions being in-
controvertible, the bill offered, as it was, as a com-
promise, and a final settlement of the question,
amounted to nothing but a total abandonment and
surrender of the right of extending the institutions
of the South to these Territories.
In that speech the gentleman had further said,
that before he would even vote to carry into effect
the treaty, by making the necessary appropria-
tions, he would have some legislative guarantee for
the protection of slave property in those Territo-
ries; he, had said that that bill was as effectual a
prohibition against slavery as the Wilmot proviso
itself, and even that it was worse.
Another distinguished gentleman, in the other
end of the Capitol, [Mr. Badger,] a Senator from
North Carolina, upon the same question, had made
a like argument, if possible in stronger language,
in which he had said:
" But it is conceded 011 all hands that African slavey, as
rccognjzed in ccrfam States of" the L'riion, was not an insti-
tution recognized in these- Mexican Territories.
"Now, I hoJd, upon this concession, the law in Mexico
not having recognized slavery as it exists with us, such sla-
very stands prohibited in Mexico until it slialJ be allowed by
law. Nothing, I apprehend, is clearer, than tl^at by the ac-
quisition of a tei ntory, whether it forms a part or the whole
of a foreign nation—whether subdued by arms or ceded by
treaty—no Jaws are repealed except those which are incon-
sistent with the relations which the subjugated people bear
to their new sovereign; that such acquisition implies only a
change of dominion and allegiance, a transfer of legislative
authority and Executive control; and that al! law?, not
necessarily inconsistent therewith, remain in full force until
j the new sovereign shall modify, alter, or abolish them."
[On this subject he then quoted Vattel, and Chief
; Justice Marshall.]
| Again, he said:
j « Now, sir, it is agreed by all the writers on national law,
j by all judges who have treated upon this subject, that slavery
i owes its existence to positive law—to municipal law; that
; independently of law authorizing it, it does not exist any-
i where; from which it necessarily follows, that whether Af-
! rican slavery be expressly prohibited in these Territones or
I not, it does not exist, unless by their law it be allowed,
1 which no one pretends. Whether it shall be introduced or
: exclusion continued, depends, in my judgment, upon the
1 will of Congress. It nothing be done by Congress, it re-
mains excluded ; and their power over the subject is com-
plete and perfect.3'
It seemed, then, that the South itself, so far at
least as these gentlemen represented her, was un-
willing to leave this question to the operation of the
Constitution of the United States; that she demand-
ed a legislative guarantee from Congress for the
; extension of slavery. She had advised the country
i that she intended to bring it here, and if she did,
, that she expected but one kind of action, so far as
> the northern Democracy were concerned.
i The candidate of the honorable gentleman from
I Georgia, to whom he had alluded, and of the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina, had been tri-
! umphant: whether he would encourage the kind of
; legislation which the gentlemen favored, was not
I for him to say. It was reasonable, conceding the
i importance which the gentleman from Georgia at-
■ tached to the subject, and his activity and zeal in
favor of General Taylor, that he thought this
would be the case.
He would now turn to the other division of the
Federal Union. It had everywhere been contended
in the North, by the friends of Geneial Taylor,
that this Government ought to legislate upon the
subject of slavery in the Territories. It had been
made the principal objection to General Cass, that
he was opposed to such legislation. Everywhere
they had said that the question ought to be brought
to Congress; that they would trust General Taylor
on the subject; that he would approve anything
which Congress might do on this question%
Thus we had witnessed the remarkable fact, that
gentlemen entertaining such opposite sentiments
had so far cooperated, and zealously and efficiently
cooperated too, as to bring this question into these
Halls. The friends of General Taylor at the North
said it must come here; the friends of General Tay-
lor at the South said it must come here. What
course, then, remained for the northern Democ-
racy—those who had taken the ground of non-
interference ? They could not, if they would—and,
