56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18,
now was on ordering it to be engrossed for a third
reading. As a matter of course, he presumed that
question was debatable. Had not the ground
been yielded by the very fact of putting the bill
upon the question of engrossment ?
The SPEAKER. The twenty-sixth rule of the
House is in the following words:
" All the States and Territories shall be called for resolu-
tions on each alternate Monday during each session of Con-
gress ; and, it'necessary to secure this object on said days,
ali resolutions that shall give rise to debate shall lie over Tor
discussion under the rules ofthe House already established ;
and the whole of s-aid days shall be appropriated to resolu-
tions, until all the States and Territories are called th rongh."
The SPEAKER continued: The Chair thinks that
the spirit of the rule requires that everything which
gives rise to debate, except a motion to reconsider,
should go over.
Mr. tflDDINGS. Is it in order to move the
previous question on the question of-engrossment?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. G1DDINGS. Then I move it.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that the biH
be laid on the table, and asked the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. T. said that, with the permission of the
House, he would like to say one word. He had
heard of no call for such a measure.
Some calls to order.
The SPEAKER said, the question before the
House was on the motion to lay the bill on the
table, and that question \Vas not debatable.
Mr. CHAPMAN, of Maryland, rose to move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia. He supposed, he said, that
the motion to lay the bill on the table took prece-
dence.
The SPEAKER said, that the motion to lay on
the table took precedence, and so also did the mo-
tion for the previous question.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
And the question "Shall this bill be laid on the
table?" was taken, and resulted—yeas 106, nays
79—as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow,
Bajly, Beale, Bedinger, Butts-, liovvhn, Boyd, Bojdon,
Brady, Bridges, iirodhead, William G. Brown, Chailes
Brown, AlbertG. Brown, Buckner, Burt, Cabell, Chapman,
Cha*e, Beverly L. Clarke, Howell Cobb, Williamson K.. W.
Cobb, Cocke, Crisfield, Crozier, Daniel, Garneit Duncan,
Dunn, Eckert, Edwards, Alexander Evans, Faran, Fickhn,
Floumoy, French, Fulton, Gaines, Gayle, Gentiy, Goggui,
Green, Hammons, Haralson, Haimanson, Hams, Hill, Isaac
12. Holmes, George S. Houston, Inge, Charles J. lagersoll,
Joseph R. Xngerooll, Ivcrson, Andrew Johnson, Robeit W.
Johnson, George W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kennon, Thos.
Butler King,La S6re,Leffler, Ligon, Lincoln, Lord, Lump-
kin, McClernand, McDowell, McKay, McLarie, Jon Mann,
Meade, Milh'r, Morehead, iVioriia, Morse, Outlaw, Pendle-
ton, Phelps, Ptkbuiy, Freston, Richardson, Iiichey, ltobin-
sou, Sheppnd, Truman rimith, Stanton, Stephens, Strong,
Taj lot, Thibodeaux, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Richard
W. Thompson, John B. Thompson, Robert A. Thompson,
Tompkins, Toombs, Venable, Vinton, Wallace, Witk,
Wiley, Williams, and Woodward—iOo.
NAYc5—Alessis. Abbotr, A-dimun, Bmsham, Blaekmar,
Bhmchard, Canby, Cathcart, Clapp, Franklin Claik, Coila-
rncr, Conger, Cranston, Ciowell, Dickey, Pixon, Daniel
Duncan, Nathan Evans, F.uielly, Fisher, Frcedley, Fnes,
Giddings, Gott, Greeley, Gregory, Gnrmell, Hale, Nathan K.
Hall, Henley, Henry, Elias B. Holmes, Hnbbaid, Hudson,
Hunt, Jenkins, Jamex H. Johnson, Kellogg, Daniel F. King,
Lahm, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence, McClel-
land, Mcllvaine, Horace Mann, March, Marvin, Mullin,
Nelson, Nes, Newell, Palfrey, Peaslee, Peck, t'ettit, Pol-
lock, Putnam, Reynolds, Roekhili, Julius Rockwell, Root,
Jlumscy, St. John, Sherril), Silvester, Slingerland, Smait,
Robeit Smith, Starkweather, Strohm/J'allmadge, Thurston,
Tuck, Turner, Van Dyke, Warren, Wemworth, White,
"Wilmot, and Wilson—79.
So the bill was laid on the table.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
were given as follows:
By Mr. PALFREY: A bill to extend to the per-
sonal liberty of American freemen the protection
of trial by jury.
By Mr. N. K. HALL: A bill making a dona-
tion of public lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories, to he by them appropriated to the encour-
agement and improvement of the agriculture of
such States and Territories.
By Mr, MILLER,: A bill extending the pro-
visions of the 9th section of the act entitled "An
act to raise for a limited time an additional military
force, and for other purposes," approved February
11, 1847, to lh§ commissioned officers below the
lank of brigadier general who served in the late
war with Mexico. j
By Mr. LAHM: A bill giving to the clerks of j
paymasters in the army mileage for traveling per-1
formed in discharging the duties of their office. j;
By Mr. HARMANSON: A bill authorizing
new selections of land, in lieu of worthless school
sections, or sections of inferior quality, and for
other purposes.
By Mr. LA SERE: A bill for the relief of the
assignees under Baron de Ferrit.
By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania: A bill
granting to the State of Pennsylvania a portion of
the public lands, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of the Pennsylvania railroad, the
Pittsburg and Connellsville railroad,and the Penn-
sylvania and Ohio railroad.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Under previous notices, bills were introduced as
follows, viz :
By Mr. MILLER : A bill extending the pro-
visions of the ninth section of the act entitled "An
act to raise, for a limited time, an additional mili-
tary force, and for other purposes,'' approved
February 11, 1847, to the commissioned officers
below the rank of brigadier general, who served
in the late war with with Mexico; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. PHELPS : A bill to pay to the State of
Missouri the two per cent, upou the proceeds of
the sales of public lands which have been sold
within the hmita of said State, and which have
been reserved for the purpose of constructing a
road leading to said State; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: A bill granting to
the States of Illinois and Indiana the right of way
and a donation of public lands for marking a rail-
road to connect the falls of the Ohio river opposite
to Louisville, in Kentucky, with the Mississippi
river, by the way of New Albany, in Indiana, and
Mount Carmel, on the Wabash river, to Alton, in
Illinois; which bill was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. DICKINSON : A bill granting lands
to the State of Ohio for constructing a road from
Lower Sandusky to the Greenville Treaty line,
agreeably to the treaty of Brownstown of 1808;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
By Mr. DUNN. A bill granting the right of
way over the public lands in the States of Indiana
and Illinois to the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad
Company, and a portion of the public lands within
said States of Indiana and Illinois to said States
respectively, to be by them appropriated in the
construction and completion of a railroad to be
constructed by saiu company; which bill was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
In pursuance of previous notice, Mr. LEFFLER
obtained leave, and introduced a bill to grant cer-
tain alternate sections of the public lands to the
State of Iowa, to aid said State in the construction
of a railroad from Dubuque, via Iowa City, to
Keokuc, in said State; which was lead a first and
second time, and referred to the Commniee on
Public Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
On motion of Mr. CUMMINS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot causing to be
located and constructed a military road from Westport, on '
the western bolder of the State of Missouu, or fiom some
other suitable point on the western border of the said State,
by the nearest and best loute, to some suitable point on the
Bay of San Francisco, m the Territory ot Upper California. I
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR, !
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Samuel Reed, of !
Pike county, in the State of Ohio, be withdrawn from the i
files of this House, and referred to the Committee on Claims, i
On motion of Mr. VINTON, !
Ordered, That leave be given to withdraw the papers in !
the case of Captain John Oldham. \
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, !
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be instruct- 1
ed to inquire into the expediency ot providing for the location
of military bounty land wait ants, in forty, eighty, or one
hundred and sixty acre tracts, at the option ot the person
wishing to locate the same.
On motion of Mr. RICHARDSON, 1
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com- '
mumcate to this House order No. 172, issued at the mouth :
ot the Rio Grande, m Texas, on the 7th July, 1848, bv com- i
mand of Major General John E. Wool. !
Mr. WENTWORTH offered the following
resolution, which, after ineffectual efforts by him i:
to obtain a vote, went over under the rule, (debate \
arising thereon,) as follows: !
Resolved, That the Committee on tile Judiciary be instruct- !
cd to inquire into the expediency of pasting a Jaw, provi- i
ding for the abolition of slavery, and the prohibition of its
extension, wherever Congress has the power so to do, and
thus relieving this Government from all responsibility for
the existence of that institution, and also from ali agitation
concerning it.
Mr. FICKLIN offered the following preamble
and resolution, which was read; and debate arising
thereon, it was laid over under the rale:
Whereas, the guarantee to the new States, that they shall
come into the Union on an equal footing with the original
thirteen States, is not complied with so long as the Federal
Government exercises the right of disposing of the public
lands in the new States:
And whereas the right of disposing ofthe soil ofthe public
lands within their limit* is one of the highest and most
essential attributes of State sovereignty : Thciefore be it
Resolved by the House of Representatives, That the Com-
mittee on Public Lands be instructed to inquire into the
expediency ofrepoiurig a bill ceding to each one of the new
States all of the public lands within their respective limits,
exccpt such as may be reserved under the Constitution for
pubhc purposes.
On motion of Mr. GAYLE,
Ordered, That the Committee of the Whole House be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill (No. 28)
from the Senate, entitled :t An act for the relief of Thomas
Rhodes, and that it be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and PosrRoads.
Mr.VINTON introduced a seriesofresolutions,
referring the several portions of the President's
Annual Message to the appropriate committees.
He moved that the resolutions be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed. He gave notice that he
would to-morrow ask that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up the President's Message for ref-
erence, when he should offer the resolutions which
he now brought forward.
Mr.MEADE inquired ofthe Speaker, if it would
be in ordor now lo move an amendment to the
resolutions? He wished to amend them, so as to
refer that portion of the Message which related to
the Territories to a select committee, instead of to
the Committee on Territories.
The SPEAKER replied, that itjwas not now in
orded to amend the resolutions, but that they would
be open to amendment in committee.
Mr. MEADE appealed to Mr. Vinton to ac-
cept his amendment.
Mr. VINTON said the gentleman could move
it in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. MEADE. Then the gentleman refuses to
accept my amendment.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BOWLIN,
Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed to
take into consideration and repoit upon the several memo-
rials ofthe State Legislatures of Aikansas and Missouri,
relative to the draining and reclaiming of the swamp or
submerged lands of said States, and that they repoit by bill
or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. GRINNELL,
Re-solved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
Jaws relating to prize money that all shares or amounts due
to the commanders, officers, and crews of vessels shall ba
placed in chaige of the Secretary of ths Navy, to be paid to
the persons to whom due.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
insti nccetl to inquire into the expediency of placnm soldiers'
certificates issued under the actot Febiuaiv 15, 1847, on ihe
same basis with treasury notes, as per act of January 28,
1817, and, if they deem proper, report a bill for that pur-
pose.
In pursuance of notice, Mr. JOHN A. ROCK-
WELL introduced a joint resolution to authorize
the survey of certain routes for a canal or railroad
between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans; which
resolution was read a first and second time, and
l referred to a select committee.
I On motion of Mr. JACOB THOMPSON,
j Resolved, That the Select Committee raised for the pur-
I pose 01 reporting upon the memorials of the States of Ai-
;,kan;ns and Missouri, upon the subject of swamp or sub-
l merged lands, also consider and icportupon the memorial
j or the Lfgi-iature ot Mississippi, arid petitions ot the citi
! zens of said Mate, on the same subject.
I On motion of Mr. E. B. HOLMES,
I Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of erecting fortifica-
tions, and establishing a military depdt at or near the mouth
oi the Genesee river, in the State of New York.
On motion of Mr. JENKINS,
Resolved, That Nancy G. Van Rensselaer, widow of the
late Colonel Ifenry Van Rensselaer, have leave to withdraw
her petition and papers (piaymg for a pension) from the
tiles of this House.
