1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
On motion of Mr. STARKWEATHER,
Resolved, That leave be granted to withdraw the papers
on the files of this House in the ease of Minard Hardeni, in
order that the same may be placed before the Postmaster
Geueial.
Mr. TALLMADGE offered the following reso-
lution, which was read and laid upon the table:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to have prepared, for the use of this House, a statement
showing the manner in which every public debt of the Uni-
ted States, from the time of the Continental Congress up to
the present year, has been contracted; the amount of each,
from whom obtained, under what Jaw authorized, the man-
ner and time of payment, and the amount, if any, now due
on each, together with the amount of unclaimed dividends,
both of principal and interest.
On motion of Mr. N. K. HALL,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War transmit to this
House a copy of the report and plan of the board of engi-
neers appointed, under the Bureau,of Topographical En-
gineers, to examine and report upon the different plans for
the improvement of the harbor of Buffalo, New York.
On motion of Mr. N. K. HALL,
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the papers in
the case of E. F. Gilbert, on file in the office of the Clerk
of the House.
On motion of Mr. WHITE,
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay to the widow,
or her order, of the late Hon. John M. Holly, the expense
of removing the remains of her late husband to the place of
his former residence, m the State of New York, providing
the said expense shall not exceed the sum of three hundred
dollars.
Mr. GREELEY offered the followingresolution,
which was read, and laid on the table:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be re-
quited to inquire into and report the expediency and feasi-
biiitv of temporarily employing the whole or a portion of our
national vessels, now on the Pacific station, in the trans-
portation, at moderate rates, of American citizens and their
effects from Panama, and the Mexican posts on the Pacific,
to San Franci&co, in California.
On motion of Mr. CHARLES BROWN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of printing &),000 extra copies
of Colonel Fremont's last report to the Senate, with the
accompanying maps, and of having the same bound up with
the report of Colonel Abert, already ordered to be printed
by this House.
On motion of Mr. ECKERT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire what proportion of the imports into the United
State* is made by foreigners and on foreign account, and
what proportion by c itizens of the United States. And also
what frauds, if any, are committed against the revenues of
oui Government, under the present ad valorem duties; sta-
ting what proportion of these frauds are committed by for-
eign, and what by American importers; and report to this
House.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN introduced a joint
resolution (No. —) to furnish the Official Register
or Blue Book to the State libraries of the several
States; which was read twice.
And the question being stated, Shall the resolu-
tion be engrossed and read a third time*
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend the same
by striking out the words " State libraries," where
they occur in the resolution, and insert in lieu
thereof the words " Secretary of State in the sev-
eral States."
Pending the amendment, the resolution giving
rise to debate, was laid over under the rule.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal of
memorial and voucheis of Benedict I. Heard.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Columbia
beinstiucted to inquire into the practicability and expedi-
ency of -o improving the Tiber, flowing at the foot of tlie
Capitol Hill, as to prevent the floods coming down the same
from injuring the public grounds, and destroying the naviga-
tion of the Washington canal, and proving mjuiious to the
health of the city.
Mr. BOTTS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, (if not incompatible
with the public interests,) under what law, or provision of
the Constitution, or by what other authority, the Secretary
of the Treasury of the United States did, by his sanction
and approval, during the war with Mexico,establish a tariff
of duties in the ports of the Mexican Republic ; and that he
alfo communicate to this House by what legal, constitu-
tional, oi other authority, he undertook to appropriate the
revenue thus derived, to the supportof the army in Mexico,
without the sanction of the tax-laying and appropriating
power of Congress, as established by the Constitution of the
United States.
The said resolution was read; and, the rule re-
quiring the same to lie one day upon the table
being suspended, the resolution was considered,
and agreed to.
Mr. MEADE offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State cause to he trans-
mitted to this House the correspondence of George W.
Gordon, late, and Gorham Parks, present consul of the Uni-
ted States at Rio de Janeiro, with the Department of State,
on the subject of the African slave trade; also, any unpub-
lished correspondence on the same subject by the Hon.
Henry A. Wise, our late minister to Brazil.
On motion of Mr. ATKINSON,
Resolved, That leave be given to Thomas Chaney to with-
draw his petition and other papers, now on file in the Clerk's
office of this House.
On motion of Mr. BEDINGER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of selling so much
of the public land at Harper's Ferry, Virginia, as may not
be required for the use of the United States armory at that
place.
On motion of Mr. GREGORY,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means take
into consideration the propriety of reporting a bill for redu-
cing the size of the one cent coin, and to authorize the
coining of a three cent piece, both to be composed of copper
and some other precious metal.
On motion of Mr. VAN DYKE,
ilesoZve<£,-That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route between Plainfield and Baskenridge ;
and also between New Germantown and German Valley, in
the State of New Jersey.
On motion of Mr/NEWELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
for the better protection of life and property from shipwreck
along^the Atlantic coast of Long Island, between Plum
Inlet and East Hampton, and that they report by bill or
otherwise.
On motion of Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennt>
Resolved, That the Committeee on,Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of granting to the State of Pennsylvania
one million acres of the public lands belonging to the United
States, to he appropriated as follows: 500,000 acres for the
construction of the Pennsylvania railroad, 300,000 for the
construction of the Pittsburg and Connellsville railroad,
and 200,000 for the Pennsylvania and Ohio railroad, to be
expended within the State of Pennsylvania. And that said
committee do further inquire into the expediency of making
a just and equitable division of the public lands amongst the
several States of this Union; and that said committee re-
port by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Rules be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of so amending the rules of the
House as to provide that no member shall have the right to
call the previousquestion on any proportion, resolution, or
bill, submitted to the House, until the same shall have been
distinctly stated from the Chair, or by the Clerk.
On motion of Mr. FRENCH, the petition and
papers of Martha Flood, of Bath county, Ken-
tucky, on the files of the House, were referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
On motion of Mr. COCKE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of making fur-
ther provisions by law for the relief of widows and orphans
of deceased officers and soldiers of the army of the United
States, and that they have leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. BUT-
LER on the JXth instant, was taken up, read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
is hereby, required tofurnish this House with astatement of
the amount of iron imported under the tariff act of 1846, and
amount of revenue received on the same, specifying par-
ticularly the amount of each kind of iron imported, and the
duties paid on each kind: also, a similar statement of the
amount of iron of all kinds imported annually under the
tariff act of 184*2, and the amount of revenue received on
such importations.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. PUTNAM: The petition of Alanson Pool, of
Murry, New York, praying for a pension and for bounty
land. Also, the petition of J. W. Nye, relating to his claim
for Macadamizing the Pennsylvania avenue.
By Mr. BLANCHARD: The petition of sundry inhabit-
ants cf Centre county, Pennsylvania, that provision be
made by law, that newspapers may be carried in the mails
free of postage within the county printed, and to the distance
of thirty miles from the place where such papers are printed:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and PostRoads.
By Mr. SLINGRELAND: The petition of John Hancock
and 27 citizens of Albany, New York, praying for the pas-
sage of a law efOabhs-hing a cheap and unifoun postage:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
By Mr. BEAJLE: The petition ofCharles Russell, praying
a pension for disability incurred whilst a soldier in the late
Mexican war: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. • ,
By Mr. NES: A petition of citizens of Adams county,
Pennsylvania, prayihg Congress that the provision in the act
of Congress of March 3,1847, requiring three cents postage
to be pre-paid on all newspapers, not marked from the office
of publication, may be repealed : referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. CLAPP: The petition of St. John Smith and 201
merchants of Portland, praying Congress to authorize the
purchase of the Granite Exchange Building of that city for a
cu«tom-hou«e: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of Uriah Kingman, for
arrears of pension: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Phebe Fitz, for a pension. Also, the
petition of Charles Wingate and 17 others, for a mail route
from Exeter to Pittsfield, in the State of New Hampshire.
Presented December 14.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 19, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report of the Secretary of Stale, communicating,
agreeably to law, an abstract of returns of Amer-
ican seamen registered in the several ports of the
United States during the year ending September
30, 1848; which was read.
The following is the recapitulation of the num-
ber of seamen, as far as returned:
states.
citizens.
Native.
Natural-
ized.
Total.
1,134
12
1,146
New Hampshire  
69
3
72
3,724
58
3,782
304
3
307
44
-
44
1,428
_
1,428
21
_
21
464
15
479
District of Columbia...........
6
_
6
426
426
41
41
85
_
85
399
_
399
14
1
15
6,159
92
8,251
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of John A.
Regan, proposing to drain the inundated public
lands in the valley of the Mississippi, on certain
conditions; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Thomas
Lenard, asking compensation for forage furnished
for the use of mounted volunteers in the Mexican
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition ofTal-
cott Reed, a revolutionary soldier, praying to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of Mary Wilkinson, widow of John Wil-
kinson, late a sailing master on board a private
armed schooner, "Nonsuch," asking to be restored
to the pension roll and for arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition ofWra.
H. Burns, master's mate United States navy,
asking compensation for services rendered in the
line of his duty; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr.WESTCOTT presented the petition of Asa
Lift, praying for a law to change the name of a
vessel, and to issue a new register for the same;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition of Hiram
Smith, register of the land office at Champagnolle,
Arkansas, setting forth certain claims for compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BREESE presented the petition of the
Mount Carmel Company, praying for a grant of
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. ^
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of James
L. Lellard, and the legal heirs and representatives
of Joseph Simpson, praying for bounty land and
commutation pay; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the petition and pa-
pers in the ;case of Jones, were withdrawn
from the files, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
BILLS, ETC., PRESENTED ON LEAVE.
Mr. BREESE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution to
amend the act of 1837, to provide for the payment
of horses lost while in the service of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BADGER, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
