1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
and knowing of the payment; the clerk having
ultimately, died, and being unable to make good
the money to the Government. The question, there-
fore, presented to the consideration of Congress by
this bill is, whether it can possibly be the duty,
or even the moral right of this Government, to
enforce the repayment of this money after it has
once already been honestly and fully paid, and
thereby put the individual to great loss and incon-
venience in consequence of gross neglect on the
part of one of its officers ? I hope the committee
will find it convenient to give immediate attention
to the subject, and I now move that the papers
which I send to the Clerk's table be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
the Judieary.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I introduced a bill
yesterday for the remission of duties on an equa-
torial telescope contracted for in London by order
of the trustees of the University of Alabama.
Since that time I have found in the appropriation
bill of the last session of Congress a clause which,
I think, amply provides for the case presented by
the bill which I introduced. I would move, there-
fore, that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD ACROSS THE ISTHMUS.
Mr. BENTON. Before any regular business
is taken up, I beg leave to state to the Senate, that,
at the request of some Senators on my left, I have
obtained the contract made between the New Gra-
nadian Government and the company which held
the grant originally. That contract is now pro-
duced for the information of the Senate. I have
it here in Spanish. It is a document of consider-
able length—too much so to be useful to read here.
The only way to make it useful to the Senate .will
be to have it translated and printed. 1 therefore
move that the paper be translated under the direc-
tion of the Secretary, and printed.
Mr. CAMERON. If'I understand this busi-
ness, there certainly must be a contract In addition
to the one now presented. I refer to the one that,
it has been stated, was made by the Granadian
Government with the French, upon which the
present one before us is based. I would amend
the motion of the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, by moving that the contract originally made
with the Piench, together with Genera! Herran's
letter, be also printed.
Mr. KING. I would ask if the contract to which
the honorable Senator alludes is before the Senate?
Mr. CAMERON. 1 am not able to answer that
question; but if the gentleman will permit me, I will
explain. I asked yesterday, as a matter of inform- j
ation, if the contract entered into between theGov- j
ernment of New Granada and the first company to
whom the right of way was granted could be pro-
duced, which contractus I understand, was aban-
doned. I wished to have also the contract of the
Messrs. Aspinwall and Co. with the Granadian
Government, and the letter of Mr. Herran pro-
duced along with it. It is necessary to a proper
understanding of the subject that we should be
made acquainted with the'terms of both contracts.
Mr. KING. It is certainly necessary that we
should have all the requisite information pertaining
to this subject; but we cannot order a paper to be
printed that is not in our possession; and that, too,
when we do not know in whose hands it is placed.
Whenever the Senate shall obtain it, no doubt it
will be printed.
Mr. POOTE. I should have supposed that the I
distinct intimations which have been thrown out I
by va>ious Senators, in hearing of the avowed
friends of the measure under consideration, as to ;
tie importance of bringing before the Senate, for
our inspection, and, if we so decide, for the pur-
pose of being printed, the original contract so often
leferred to, and upon which this measure is founded
might before this have caused the production of this
document. Why it is withheld from our view I
cannot divine, unless some of the rumors afloat in
regard to its provisions be true. For one, I am
unwilling, (and I desire to be understood as being
perfectly serious on this point,) I am wholly un-
willing to vote for the measure so urgently pressed
upon us, unless I am permitted- beforehand to
inspect and scrutinize the original contract.
Mr, WES ICOTT. I do not see any necessity
°r ^ '"'reduction contract. It has been
s a.ej here m the petition—and that statement has
been certified to in the letter read to the Senate
yesterday—that this French contract has been
transferred to these parties. The arrangement
which may have been made between these parties
is one with which we, as a Congress, have nothing
to do. We have no right to legislate with refer-
ence to an arrangement of this character. The
only questions we have a right to put concerning
this matter are, whether these parties have the ex-
clusive road, and whether they have the power and
ability to perform the services they have engaged
to perform upon certain conditions.
Mr. FOOTE. I simply rise for the purpose of
saying, for the benefit of my friend, the honorable
Senator from Florida, that, to my mind, it is ob-
viously important that we should perfectly under-
stand the true character and specific stipulations
of the contract between Messrs. Aspinwall & Co.
with the Government of New Granada before we
act upon the Bill %vhich is based upon it. I have
no decided and settled opinion touching the expe-
diency of the measure proposed for our adoption.
Certainly I do feel a lively interest for the great
object expected to be attained; and.I am not with-
out a proper sympathy, also, I trust, for the enter-
prising projectors of the scheme before us. Suiely
I intend to present no opposition to this measure,
in advance of a more formal and explicit exposition
of it on the part of those who are presumed best to
understand it. But I am desirous of having it dis-
tinctly understood, that if certain rumors which
have reached me as to the provisions of this '
contract shall not be met and negatived by the con- ;
tract itself, submitted seasonably for our inspec- ;
tion, .1 shall be very painfully constrained to vote
against the bill. Pernaps I ought to go further, I
and say, that it has been intimated to me that there
are clauses in.this same contract which cannot be
carried into execution without serious detriment to
certain substantial interests of a portion of the cit-
izens of this Republic. I do not feel authorized,
at present, to use language of a plainer import, nor
is it necessary, at this stage of the proceeding. It
certainly must be now evident to the Senator from
Florida, and others, that the original contract should
be brought before us, in order to avoid the com-
mission of some serious blunder, and the possible
production of much mischief to great public in-
terests. j
Mr. ALLEN. I may as well state at once what
will be my position on this subject. We were told
yesterday by my friend from Illinois [Mr. Breese]
that there will be a rival proposition brought into
the Senate on this subject. That remark implied
that he would be in favor of one of these proposi- ;
tions. And for fear, sir, that I may labor under ]
the suspicion of entertaining the same opinion, I !
desire to say that 1 shall oppose any form of prop- i
osition, come from what quarter it may, which I
has for its object to confer oil a select body of men I
a monopoly of the transit of commerce of the two j
hemispheres across the Isthmus of Panama. If!
the gentlemen whose names are in this bill, or any :
other gentlemen in the United States, have agreed j
with the Government of New Granada for the I
right to construct a road across the Isthmus of |
Panama, let them make it. They need no legisla- i
tion of ours to enable them to make it; and the I
only question with me is, why come they here? ,
We have acquired by treaty, in behalf of our Gov- 1
ernment and our whole people, the'right of transit, '
which implies, notwithstanding the remarks of'
yesterday, the right to make the means of transit
across the Isthmus of Panama. This is a vast
right. Viewed as a national right, it is a privilege
worth more to the people of the United States than ;
the privilege of passing over an equal distance any- ;'
where else on the surface of the globe; and I would ;
as soon think of granting to a company a monop- i,
oly of the navigation of the globe as a monopoly I
of the transit commerce of the Isthmus of Panama
—just as soon.
This bill proposes that the Government of the
United States shall, in advance, contract with this
company to pay them for the tiansportation of';
troops, arms, munitions of war, and the mails, !<
across the Isthmus on their railroad. Sir, this
transportation of the few troops of the Govern-
ment, and the few persons employed as agents of
the Government, will bear no more proportion to
the transportation of the property of the people of
the United States across the Isthmus than the Isth-
mus itself bears-to the continent of North America.
Our interest, as a Government, is the smallest con-
j cern in all the transaction. The whole of our trans-
I portations across that Isthmus, as a Government,
j will not perhaps amount to ten thousand dollars'
i worth of freight yearly, whilst our transportation, as
j a; nation, will amount to, perhaps, the value of a
! hundred millions annually, within, perhaps, ten or
| fifteen yeav3 from this time. In this view of it,
i looking upon this matter as affecting so largely
I and lastingly the interests of this great people, I
| shall not vote for a bill which deprives them of the
j full enjoyment of this great privilege, by conferring
j it on any select body of men on earth. I will not
establish a Barbary power to levy tribute upon the
commerce of the two hemispheres passing over
the Isthmus of Panama. We want that for all;
and the only way to secure it, is to keep it out of
the hands of monopolists, and keep this right of
way under the control of our Government, so that
the whole people, if they choose, may construct
roads and canals across, and use them as they
please. I have thought proper, sir, to make this
explanation, lest I should be misunderstood in the
vote which I shall give upon the motion to print
this paper.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the honorable Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Allen] permit me to propound a ques-
tion to him, ananswerto which, it strikes me, may
, become important in connection with what has
just now fallen from him? Has the Senator from
Ohio matured any plan, other than the one before
!| us, Of connecting the Pacific and Atlantic seas,
either by railway or otherwise ?
i Mr. ALLEN rose to reply; but he gave way to
| Mr. BENTON, who said: The application of
; the Senator from Pennsylvania is one perfectly
i natural. I would say, however, that the original
: contract is the same in substance with that which
I I have- offered. I believe that some additional
! compensation is exacted from these New York
j gentlemen; but the original contract and all its
j privileges are there—the same that expired in the
J hands of .the original holders. It has been pre-
! sented according to my promise yesterday, and
| ordered to be translated and printed. The Secre-
| tary, with the promptitude that is characteristic of
him, is now searching for atranslator. This paper
will show the whole contract.
Mr. DOWNS. If I recollect aright, the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, in presenting the com-
munication which has been ordered to be printed,
stated that this company was invested with the
; privileges granted to a former company, and that
the former contract contained the stipulations em-
braced in the new contract.
' Mr. BENTON, (in his seat.) Yes, sir.
; Mr. DOWNS. If that be so, it seems to me
| that we can form no opinion of the present char-
: ter, unless we see the new contract. Unless we
, see-them both, we shall not know what provisions
; have been modified. I think, therefore, the object
I in calling for this paper will be entirely disap-
pointed unless the last contract be also furnished.
While I am up, I will state that I differ entirely
from the honorable Senator from Ohio as to the
nature of this application. He seems to speak of
it as a charter to be granted by Congress, which,
if the bill should pass, might result in a monopoly
that would be injurious to the people of the United
States. I do not view it m that light at all. The
Government of the United States is not the sov-
ereign of the territory over which this contract
extends, and has no right to establish monopolies
there. The only right we have has been estab-
lished by treaty with New Granada, to the effect
that whatever road may be constructed there, the
United States 3hall have the same right of trans-
portation over it as other nations, We have
nothing to do with monopolies, I understand that
the only object which makes it desirable to obtain
this contract at the present time, is to facilitate the
emigration to California. They ask of the United
States to give them this contract, in order to en-
courage and assist them in an object, which is
acknowledged to be of great importance. There
is no monopoly in this. The question is, whether
we shall or shall not have this work done as soon
as possible—a work which is to be so highly pro-
motive of the public interests.
I should like to see this contract adopted; but at
the same time I entirely concur with the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] and would like to
know the nature of the conditions of the charter.
There may be provisions in that chartcr of which
we may not approve. It may contain a power to
