1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
the exclusive right—and that the Government of
New Granada retains no right to grant the privi-
lege to any others, or to authorize this Govern-
ment to make it. If there is any monopoly,
therefore, it is a monopoly already invested in
Messrs. Aspinwall, Stephens & Co. If there be
any monopoly, they have it already; and it is one
-which we cannot control. These individuals, pos-
sessing this charter and these privileges, and being
prepared to go on and construct the road, come to
us and say, if we have a monopoly, we propose
to relieve you from that monopoly; if you are
apprehensive that we will charge you too much,
we will make a contract.with you now in regard
to the rate at which your freight shall be carried.
The proposition which they make to you is one
by which they propose to relieve you from the
monopoly which they possess, by offering to make
a contract with you. And what is the contract
which they propose to make? They propose to
contract with you, by which your transportation
shall be secured by the payment of a certain
amount. If the amount proposed be considered
too great, let it be reduced. I was sorry to see
my colleague yesterday assuming that we were to
pay six millions of dollars. We have not yet
determined what amount we are willing to pay.
They are proposing to carry such freight as shall
be agreed on, at such rate of charge as shall be
agreed upon.
Again: it is assumed that the contract is to be
for twenty years; whereas the bill is a proposi-
tion to make a contract for a period of years not
exceeding twenty, leaving it discretionary wilh
this Government whether it shall continue for one
year, for live, for fifteen, or for twenty years. It
is not a proposition for the continuance of the
contract for twenty years absolutely, and I appre-
hend that it is a fair subject for discussion with us
whether or not the sum proposed as the limit
beyond which we are not to go is too high, and
whether we should reduce it; whether or not the
period is too long, and, if so, whether or not
we should not fix a shorter time. It will become
a question for us to determine whether we should
fix upon a short period or a long one. It is
certainly evident that the amount of transporta-
tion that we shall have occasion for will increase
every year. , i
In a few years more we shall have a large empire !
upon the Pacific, and it is reasonable to suppose that
we shall have occasion for five or ten times as much
transportation as we have now; and if >ve now
make a contract to last for twenty years, it may be
that we shall secuie an enormous amount of trans-
portation at a very little cost—at a price far below
what it would be furnished for under the new con-
tract. But these are subjects for discussion upon
which I am not yet prepared to express an opinion. ,
My only object is to direct attention to the fact that j
the price is'not fixed by this bill, but is reserved,_!
to be determined by Congress and the Secretary of
the Navy, or whatever officer of the Government !
may be authorized to form thecontract;that the time j
for the continuance of the contract is not fixed, but !
reserved for the determination of the same parties;
that we are granting no power to make a road, but,
on the contrary, that the power is already granted
by New Granada; that our refusing the application
that is now made to us will not take from these
individuals the privilege of constructing the road,
for it is already secured to them. It is not in our
power to take it away, nor is it in the power of
New Granada to take it away from them. If it be
an odious monopoly, then it seems to me to be a
reason why we should remove that monopoly from
ourselves while we have it in our power to do so.
But I apprehend it is not so odious a monopoly,
for the reason that our treaty with New Granada
puts American citizens, in regard to the right of
wav, upon an equality with her own citizens; and
I apprehend that that Government would be cau-
tious how it granted a monopoly that would operate
against her own citizens to foreigners, who seek
nothing but how to make as much money as pos-
sible out of the enterprise 111 which they are about
to engage. It seems to me, therefore, that we
ou"htnoi to prejudge this measure before we have
examined all the facts of the case. I have made
these remarks for the purpose of inviting attention
to the subject while the charter and the other docu-
ments connected with it are being procured, m
order that we may be prepared to discuss the
matter and arrive at a proper conclusion.
Mr. POOTE. Mr. President, I have no desire
to detain the Senate any longer; but, notwithstand-
ing the general impatience to get rid of this sub-
ject, which I see manifested, I feel bound to say
to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] that
he seems to me to have entirely forgotten the fact
that it is provided in this bill that the Secretary of
the Navy shall be directed to make a contract with
this company. Directed, sir—most imperious lan-
guage. «■
Mr. DOUGLAS. I intended to remark, that I
thought the word " directed" should be stricken
out of the bill.
Mr. FOOTE. That word being retained, the
effect certainly will be to throw the Government
into the hands of this company, who, acting of
course that selfish part which such corporations
are sure to act, would charge the maximum
amount, or three-fourths of what we pay for the
transportation of the mails across the Atlantic.
This would certainly amount, as stated yesterday
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Breese,] to
some six millions of dollars, paid to this company
for the transportation of certain articles along this
railway, which is to cost, by estimation, only two
millions five hundred thousand dollars, leaving
this company greater profits than were ever made
by any company in the world.
It is a fact, sir, that it is deliberately proposed to
pay the sum of six millions of dollars to this com-
pany—and I do not doubt the respectability or the
worth and intelligence of those who compose it,
one of whom has a high reputation in the literary
world—for the transportation of munitions of war,
naval stores, and other supplies of the Govern-
ment, by this railway, which is to cost that com-
pany only two millions and some hundred thou-
sand dollars, by estimation. And yet, so far as
has been intimated by the friends of this bill, this
company is not to be limited in the least in its
charges upon our citizens who may desire to travel
upon this railway—and many of them, doubtless,
will desire to visit California and Oregon hereaf-
ter—or who may desire to have their effects trans-
ported, either for the purpose of carrying on mer-
cantile operations, or for the purpose of establish-
ing themselves as residents in these fair regions.
No limitation, so far as we have heard from the
friends of this measure, is to be imposed, except—
what? Why, sir, that this company is not to
charge the citizens of the United States more than
they charge the citizens of New Granada. So far
as we are at present informed, the citizens of New
Granada will have but very little use for this rail-
way at all; and if it should turn out that some
contract or arrangement should hereafter be made
between this company and the Government of New
Granada, in relation to this affair, which may
prove satisfactory to that Government and people,
this company may obtain authority to establish
such rates as will enable them to charge for the
whole period of ninety-nine years whatever they
please upon the citizens of the United States. For
one—I say it in advance—I shall not be in favor
of this measure, unless this company will submit
to a reasonable tariff of rates.
We have all doubtless had experience in such
matters; for it is a fact well known in the history
of the different States, that wherever a company
obtains the privilege of establishing a road of any
kind without a tariff of rates being in the first in-
stance imposed, competition being completely pre-
cluded, the companies take it upon themselves to
charge such enormous rates as they may judge to
be consistent with their own interests. Their own
interest alone will be their guide. Before this Gov-
vernment, then, supplies to this company the means
, of establishing this railway, I trust they will be
; required to agree upon such a tariff of rates as will
i save our citizens in all time to come from that op-
i pression and injustice which must otherwise, in
: my judgment, inevitably accrue from this transac-
I tion.
One more remark, and I have done. We have
1 as a Government, the right of way across the
; Isthmus of Panama. And now the Government
I of New Granada have entered into a contract with
i this company which empowers it to establish a
! railway from the Atlantic to the Pacific. That is
not our right of way, but it is the privilege, sim-
j ply, of establishing the means of communication
i between the two oceans, given by that Govern-
! ment to this particular company. Our right <>f
I way still exists under the treaty. But what will
become of it, I ask, under the contract now pro-
posed ? It will be argued, 1 doubt not, hereafter,
ingeniously and plausibly argued, that the sanction
which we shall have given to the proposition has
entirely extinguished the right of way which ac-
crued to us under the treaty. We have the right
of way at present, and that right of way, notwith-
standing all the reasons so eloquently stated by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] we are
bound to retain and preserve for ourselves and our
posterity.
Suppose, sir, this railway established, and what
becomes of our right? If not positively and sol-
emnly transferred, it will be extinguished by what
may turn out, after all, to be the unwitting action
of the Congress of the United States upon the
measure now before us. I conceive, sir, that it is
our duty to preserve the right of way across the
isthmus, and to adopt only such legislation upon
this subject as may secure it to us and to our citi-
zens in all time to come, free from all obstructions
whatsoever.
It may be, sir, that the company who propose
to establish this road may occupy the only ground
suitable for such a purpose. In this case, in what
a predicament should we find ourselves! We
should find that our right of way had completely
evaporated. The company has a railway there
which occupies the only ground suitable for the
construction of such a road; our right of way still
remains, but it can only be enjoyed by submitting
to the terms which will be imposed upon U3 by
this company, which will make our right of way
a nullity.
1 conceive that it is our highest duty—so ably
argued by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,]—-
to keep this right of way open forever. We ought
not to permit any company to impose the least bar
or obstruction to the full enjoyment of this right,
not only on the part of our Government, but also
on the part of our citizens.
1 think that the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] has made a very great mistake, one of
which it is not usual, certainly, for that Senator
to make. He seems to suppose that we shall have
continual and increasing need of this railway during
all that period of twenty years, for the purpose of
sending; munitions of war to our Pacific settle-
ments. I differ with him essentially. In my judg-
ment, when our frontier on the Pacific shall become
supplied with the means of defence, the growing
population of that country will make it wholly
unnecessary for us to use this railway for any
such purpose.
The grandeur of this scheme seems to have cap-
tivated the mind of the honorable Senator, [Mr.
Douglas.] The immense advantages which are
almost certain to arise from it seem wholly to have
absorbed the attention of the distinguished gentle-
man, and he does not seem to reflect that all these
results will not accrue to our citizens at large.
But I did not rise to discuss this proposition at
length. I have merely risen for the purpose of
suggesting the difficulties which pressed upon my
mind at the time this proposition was laid before
the Senate, and which have continued to press
upon my mind with increasing force during the
discussion upon it. These difficulties have been
ably set forth by some of the distinguished Sena-
tors who have opposed the bill in its present shape,
and they have not been removed by the arguments
i of its friends. If any reply has been made to the
, clear and cogent objections urged yesterday by the
i Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] it must
| have been while I was absent from this Cham-
. ber.
j The question being taken on the motion to
translate and print the paper presented by Mr.
; Benton, it was agreed to.
' A message, in writing, was here received from
the President of the United States.
, A message was also received from the House of
' Representatives, announcing that they had passed
1 the Senate bill for the relief of the heirs of Jean F.
: Perry, Josiah Blakely,Nicholas Jarant,and Robert
j Morrison.
; RECIPROCAL TRADE WITH CANADA.
[ Mr. DIX, in pursuance of the notice which he
! gave to the Senate on yesterday, moved that the
' Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill to
' admit certain articles the growth or production of
! Canada into the United States free of duty, on con-
' dition that the like articles of the growth or pro-
