64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 19.
or wrong. What had taken place had taken place,
and could not be altered. He had voted the other
day against the resolution of his colleague on the
other side of the House, [Mr. Eckert,] for the
resuscitation of the tariff of 1842. He had no
hesitation at all in saying that he would not return
to a system deemed so odious, and which would
necessarily destroy itself in a very short period of
time. The tariff of 1842 was sent forth to the
world bearing the marks of its own condemnation
and that of some of its friends upon it. It had
carried within its own bosom the seeds of its
eventual destruction: $ve had seen, in the process
of time, that they had sprung up, and its destruc-
tion consummated. Its principles that were bad-
obnoxious, were its system of minimums. They
violated everything like reason, common sense,
and, he might say, common honesty. Why, cot-
ton cloths which it cost one, two, or three cents
per yard to manufacture, were called worth twenty
cents, and a duty, as if worth that sum, levied. It
discriminated against the poor and in favor of the
rich, taxing cheap articles that were mere imita-
tions must heavily, and laying but a light hand
upon articles of luxury of tht richest kind.
There were objections to the tariff of 1842. The
seeds of decay were deeply implanted within its
bosom at the moment it came into existence. He
had been opposed to that bill, and exceedingly
anxious for a compromise that might give us some-
thing better. There had once been a certain com-
mittee organized for the purpose of compromising
the tariff bill. He was one of that committee: he
had proposed to his friend from North Carolina,
the then chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. McKay,] that he should give them
the tariff bill which he had reported in 1844, and
he (Mr. T.) would have voted for it. No, sir,
they would not agree to this. New lights had
been shed upon the world. Men had become
wiser, perhaps better; they thought they had at
least—perhaps they were. This was refused,
although it had been proposed by what was called
the free-trade portion of the country. He was
desirous of compromise. He wanted something
reasonable and something permanent.
Now, sir, what followed? The tariff of 1846.
Sir, (said he,) I opposed this measure, earnestly
and with all my might. It was a radical change—a
new principle—one that I thought wrong, and
which, in many particulars, I still think wrong. And
now, sir, I go for a modification of it; a change to
suit the wants and interests of the country. Iam not
wedded to dates—the bill of the 30th August, 1842
—nor to the identical one of August, some date, of
1846. I subscribe to the principle of progress and
reform. What might have been right in 1842,
may have become wrongin 1846and 1848. Empires
have fallen down; dynasties become extinct; pol-
icy had changed; revolution in everything had
taken place, altering the commerce, the trade, and
manufacturesof almost every country in the world.
A change in some—in many things, became, was
necessary, to us. Wisdom would, and he thought
did, dictate that we should change our systems
only so far as the changes in times required them.
This was his doctrine. Notwithstanding his objec-
tions to the tariff of 1846, and that of most of his
colleagues, the tariff of 1846 was passed. The
objection to the new system was great. T-he doc-
trine of a tariff for revenue, discriminating for
protection, seemed to be universally held. This
was a doctrine that all seemed to go for: protec-
tion as an incident to revenue. This is all we
wanted, he said. But the act of 1846 discrimi-
nated against protection. It operated badly, when
most needed for protection as well as revenue.
Look at its operation: take, for example, iron.
And he instanced this article, as he was most
familiar with it. He put it as an example. We
will suppose, at the time of the passage of that
act, that pig metal was selling for $30 per ton;
the thirty per cent, on that would be a duty of $9.
This w.as a high duty—more than was wanted;
but to theexample: When the price of iron abroad
came down to $18 per ton, thirty per cent, was
$5 40 duty; a loss of $3 60 cents revenue, as well
as $12 cheaper by way of competition. But if it
came down to $9—and he believed it had at one
time—then the duty was $2 70 per ton, and a re-
duction of $21 per ton in the price, to facilitate
competition. Thus, sir, you lost $6 30 revenue
per ton, and $21 protection, if you choose It
discriminated against labor when products were ■
abundant abroad, and cheap. We thus become
losers of revenue, without a shadow of a shade of
protection.
Now, sir, what is the remedy for all this ? It is
plain. Specific duties—moderate specific duties
—moderate, not inconsistent with revenue. Take
iron again as an example: fix a price for it, say
$20 or $25 per ton; calculate it at $20, if you
please; say thirty per cent, on this valuation; this
would be six dollars. Now, sir, when it would be-
come abundant abroad, and should come in at nine
dollars, (the valuation per ton,) you would still get
your six dollars on the ton; and the more that
should come in, (the evidence of superabundance,
and want of marketabroad,) the more revenue there
would accrue to the country. Let this be the sys-
tem in regard to the great articles of manufacture and
produce of the country. Specific duties would give
stability. Our affairs would not be made to fluc-
tuate, nor our revenue either.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired, if his col-
league did not consider specific duties necessary
on liquors, wines, and brandies?
Mr. THOMPSON said he did not know—he
could not answer—he did not deal in these articles.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. You will, if you con-
sider the interest of the country. «
Mr. THOMPSON said he could not charge his
colleague, for whom he had the highest regard,
with any want of consistency, not in the least.
But it seemed to him to be within his recollection,
that his colleague, at the last session of Congress,
proposed a reduction of duties on liquors to fifteen
per cent.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I proposed it—for there
ought, no doubt, to be a reduction, but it ought to
be a reduction to specific duties; they are a good
deal better than yuur ad valorems.
Mr. THOMPSON said he was opposed to ad
valorems as universally applied. He thought it a
mistaken policy in every point of sight. He was
in favor of reasonable specific duties, but opposed
to minimums.
Mr. GREELEY begged the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to tell him how he could have spe-
cific duties and not minimums?
Mr. THOMPSON. There was a difference
between them, he thought—so thought the framers
of the tariff act of 1842. They fixed by law an
artificial value, without any regard to its real value,
and assessed a duty equal to its whole value in
some cases, without any regard to supply, demand,
market, or anything else.
Voices. You are wrong.
Mr. THOMPSON. 1 am not wrong, I think.
The act of 1842 contained specific duties—and
minimums, not as a consequence of specific duties,
but as a consequence of the ad valorem system.
Without critically inquiring into that branch of
the matter, he had not taken the terms as convert-
ible. At all events, these minimums, to a greater
extent than anything else, overthrew the tariff of
1842.
Mr. THOMPSON proceeded. He wanted spe-
cific duties, moderate arid reasonable. Those
fluctuations that contingencies produced abroad,
he wanted to avoid; and he only wanted this when
any part of our industry was of the kind to be in-
juriously affected by foreign revulsions. Let us
have a system, uniform, that will not run up prices
to-day, and depress them to-morrow, by the acci-
dency of want of demand in other countries. The
Democratic doctrine was a tariff for revenue, with
incidental protection; and it can be arrived at by
no other process than by the imposition of specific
duties. He, for one, asked no " protection for
protection." This, he conceived and believed, was
exploded. And he was glad it was so. But these
extreme and radical changes he was opposed to.
Their suddenness is objectionable. That the change
from specific duties to ad valorems—and very radi-
cal at that—have effected, to some extent, the politics
of the State he had the honor in part to represent,
he did not doubt; but to what extent, he was un-
willing to say. Many agencies were at work to
defeat the Democracy of the old Keystone. This
was one of them, and contributed, to some extent,
to produce the result.
Mr. Chairman (said he) I was opposed to the
tariff act of 1846 in its then shape. 1 preferred
amending the act of 1842. I now desire most i
earnestly a modification of the act of 1846. I care I
not about the increase of duties; it is their form I I
wish to altar. The interests of my State (said he)1
require (and he spoke only of them from his being
better acquainted with them) stability—the sta-
bility to be acquired from specific duties. He was
opposed to the repeal of the act of 1846. He most
earnestly opposed going back to the exploded sys-
tem of 1842. Sir, if reenacted, it would only be-
come the object of the most untiring warfare. No
reliance could be placed in its stability. It would
be the nucleus around which, in opposition, thou-
sands and thousands would constantly accumu-
late, until it would be'overthrown and destroyed.
It would be the element in every Presidential con-
test, and become a mere political question, in dis-
regard of ail the principles, whether of revenue or
protection, upon which it might be based.
Amend, sir, this bill. He appealed to his friends
over the way. They now had the power. Now
amend—reform—do not destroy. The tariff ques-
tion had some effect in Pennsylvania at the late
election. Let not the hope of keeping that State
dissatisfied, and thus keeping her out of Demo-
cratic traces, prevent your amending the system.
You are expected to do it—not give her the act
of 1842—that would be broken down as soon as
it should come into existence—but reform the
present system. Sir, we ask for stability—mod-
erate duties, but in a form consistent with rev-
enue, discriminating, within this principle, in favor
of our interests. The gentlemen on the other side
of the House are in power now, and will be, at
least in the House and in the Executive depart-
ment, for some time to come. Let me advise them
to give us reasonable measures. Amend, and not
destroy. No subject, he supposed, ever occupied
the mind of man of greater practical difficulty than
the financial system of this country. It must fre-
quently be revised and altered,and our great error
has been in overthrowing, and not amending es-
tablished systems, slowly and cautiously
Mr. FRIES begged to ask the gentleman a ques-
tion. Were not the prices of iron higher now than
they were in 1846 ?
[Several voices: "No."]
Mr. THOMPSON said no, they were not; and
gave a statement showing considerable difference
at this time. As to the passage of the act of 1846,
Mr. T. said he could not now say whether the
other side of the House, who opposed it now,
were to blame for its passage or not—not now, he
said, but he would have something to say about it
at some future time. [A laugh.]
There is a resort sometimes to a smile, when an
answer is not at hand, (said Mr.T.)and ithas been
said that some men can laugh who cannot always
reason. It was enough for him to remark now,
that a Whig Senator m the other branch voting
for the act of 1846, carried it, or his vote had the
effect of doing so.
"But we shall see," he said, what the gentle-
men on the other side will do with this question—
whether they will reform or destroy systems. It
is with them, and the responsibility rests with
them. I invoke the spirit of moderation as the
only medium of stability, or the means by which
it may be arrived at. He said he had no great
choice as to the committee to which this subject
should go, so that reform should be the result.
Mr. VINTON said he had not risen for the pur-
pose of entering intoanydiscussion upon the policy
of the tariff, much less of discussing the question
of its influence upon the revenue, the commerce,
the capital, and the industry of the country, with
which that suhject was necessarily and inseparably
connected. He had risen only to say a word in
explanation of the reason which had induced him
to give to this subject the direction proposed by
the resolution which he had offered.
As the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry]
had truly remarked, the tariff of '42 emanated
from the Committee of Ways and Means. The
tariff of '46—the existing law of the land—came
also from the same committee. During the present
session of Congress, the House, by a very decided
vote, had committed the same subject to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. He presumed that
that committee was not ambitious of it; but in
drawing the resolution, not only from the history
of what had been done heretofore, but from the
direction which the House had given to the sub-
ject at the present session, he understood it to be
the decisive intention of the House that it should
be committed to the Committee of Ways and
Means, if, however, it was the wish of the House
that the Committee on Manufactures should have
