THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Cokgress, 2d Session.
FRIDA'DECEMBER 22, 1849.
New Series No. 5.
charge of it, he presumed the necessary inference I
to be, as a matter of course, that the Committee j
of Ways and Means should be discharged from .
its consideration, under the resolution which had
been adopted, and that it should go to the other j
committee. j
Mr. BURT rose and intimated his desire to put !
an inquiry to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vik- i
ton]. |
Mr. VINTON having yielded the floor for the I
purpose— j
Mr. BURT proceeded to inquire, whether the j
Committee on Manufactures since it originated in J
the year 1819, had ever reported any bill connected I
with the revenue of the country? j
Mr. VINTON, in reply, said that his inipres- {
sion was, that the tariff of 1824 (as it was called,) j
which was reported at the first session of which ;
he was a member of this House, had come from i
the Committee on Manufactures, the chairman of [
which was Mr. Mallory, of Vermont. j
Mr. BURT. I think that is the only bill. I
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose, and was under- j
stood to suggest that the tariff of 1828 had, he j
thought, come from the same committee. j
Mr. VINTON said, such probably might be I
the fact; but, at all events, for the last eight or ten {
years—he might safely say for the last ten years—
by common consentthe subject had been referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means. As his friend
from South Carolina had said, the subject was much
broader than a mere question of manufactures; it i
embraced a duty upon every agricultural product, !
upon all grains and grasses, upon everything that !
came out of the ocean. In fact, it embraced the |
labor of the country in almost every form in which
it was employed. The question, therefore, was !
much wider and broader than the mere process of
what should come from the hands of the manufac- |
turer. i
Mr. GREEN said, that he was in favor of the j
proposition of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. !
Cobb.] It seemed to him (Mr. G.) that the com- |
mitiee to which the subject should appropriately I
be referred was the Committee of Ways and I
Means; but lfany othercommittee was to beadded, j
if any other committee was to have charge of the ;
malter, if it was to undergo supervision and in- !
vestigation by any other body, it must be by virtue ij
of the incidental effect which the revenue laws have i
upon some particular branch of industry. No i
member would go so far as to contend that Con- I
gress had, in the abstract, a right to legislate for i
the promotion of the manufacturing interest, as a .
substantive branch of power. The interest that
any gentleman would contend for would be, that i
Congress had power over the revenue, and that j
as that might affect the business of the country, |
Congress probably might appropriately investigate j
the effect which its exercise would have upon it.
So with the tariff: if the imposition of duties i
would affect the manufacturing interest, as it must, ,
he had no. objection that the Committee on Manu- 1
factnrcs should investigate the question, and say
how far that branch of the industry of the country
would be afTectcd by the revenue laws—how far
it had been affected by the tariff of 1846—how far
by! the tariff of 1842. But as this was purely an :
incidental right, and not a substantive branch of
power, and as it was manifest that the tariff duty
must affect other branches of industry, was it not
their duty to propose that other committees having
charge of these other branches, should inquire
how far they had been affected by the operation
of these laws? If theobject was to take from the
Committee of Ways and Means the investigation
of the subject, he was opposed to it. If the Com-
mittee on'Manufactures came in merely as an ad-
junct to show the effect of these laws upon the
manufacturing interests, he was content to consider
it as having equal claims with any other—no more,
no less. Nine-tenths of the people were engaged
in other branches of business than manufactures.
Should Congress investigate the interests of the
manufacturer, and leave others uninvestigated?
He denied that Congress had any right to legis-
late, as a substantive branch of power, for any
one class of industry. But in raising revenue, in '
laying duties upon imported articles, or in framing j
any other system of taxation, it was their duty to jj
investigate the incidental effect which was pro- ^
duced on the great body of the people. Would ,i
this House confine their investigation exclusively ■;
to manufactures? The same duty which devolved ,j
upon them in respect to manufactures, was im- j|
posed upon them also in respect to agriculture and i j
commerce. i!
He would not go into an argument upon the tariff (|
in one form or another. He agreed with the gen- b
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thompson,] that ji
in the adjustment of the details of a tariff, it was ij
impossible for any class of men so to frame the ij
law that it would be equitable and just in its oper- ij
ation in all time to come. The changes which j:
were constantly taking place in the business and 'j
the commerce of the country, the improvements jj
and innovations which were constantly springing j|
up under the enterprising spirit of our people must .!
call for corresponding change. But Congress j
could at least settle the principle upon which that j
legislation should rest. They could not say how ij
far it should go as to this or that particular article, |,
but the principle might be fixed: and that was |!
precisely what Congress should do. ;■
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thomp- jj
sos] was mistaken in saying that the people of the ||
United States had decide'd against the tariff of '46. jj
The most violent advocates of the tariff in the op- ''
position party had said, we are satisfied with the j!
tafiff of '46; we make it no test in this election; and i|
if Pennsylvania alone had permitted her vote to be j;
influenced by that question, still it was to be re- j|
membered that she, though calling herself the i]
Keystone State, was not the Union. ji
It was not true that the tariff of 184G was the :
cause of the defeat of General Cass. It might be .
that his advocacy of that measure operated injuri- I
onsly upon him in Pennsylvania. But suppose it |
did: Was not the gentleman himself a supporter ij
of General Cass? and was not he also a suppoiter jj
of the protective principle? How was this to be ji
reconciled ? The gentleman was in favor of protec- !
tion. He came out in favor of the abandonment j
of ad valorem duties, and of the substitution of ,
specific duties. Yet the vote in Pennsylvania had ;
been given against General Cass, because he was j
in favor of the tariff of 1846. One of the two things ■,
was wrong; either the gentleman, in voting for ,,
General Cass, was not acting in conformity with ;i
the views of the great body of his constituents, or (
he was not acting so on this question here. j'
Mr. G. would here reply to one objection which "
had been urged against the tariff of 1846. The jj
gentleman objected to the minimum principle, be- .
cause it was unjust; it assumed a value to the article i,
which it did not intrinsically bear—which it did not j:
! bear in the market. Now, he (Mr. G) would ask ;i
! whether the practical effect of the two principles—
j the minimum and the specific—was not precisely ;
| the same? For example: the minimum principle
j taxed an article without reference to its value. The
! specific principle also taxed it the same amount •
without reference to its cost. So it would seem, ;
! according to the gentleman's argument, that the:
: minimum principle was all wrong in relation to ,
i cotton goods, hut all right in relation to iron-
i Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and asked leave
I to exolain. '
1 Mr GREEN having yielded the floor— •
i Mr. INGERSOLL said that the difference be-
i tween the lowest price and what was called the
;j minimum duty was this—that one was an assumed
. price, known to every one to be false: the other
! was the actual value. Nothing could be more
! ""allr"' GREEN continued. He said he under-
1 stood 'the matter perfectly well. It was not a new
■ t one to him. Did iron now bear the value of r
i If so, the gentleman is satisfied with a duty ot
1 ^7 50, which is equivalent to an ad valorem uuty
i of 30 per cent. But if iron should decline to $lo,
i then the gentleman desires the same specific duty
! of $7 50, which is equivalent to an ad valorem
i! duty of 50 per cent. And so on in the same pro-
portion with all other prices. Now, the minimum
principle, which the gentleman very properly con-
demns, has precisely the same effect. A duty of
30 per cent, on iron, -assumingit to have cost $25,
whether it cost but §15 or less, is a uniform duty of
$7 50, and is what is called the minimum principle;
but a specific duty of $7 50, without regard to the
cost or value, is the same in effect. And yet the
gentleman condemns the one, and approves the
other. All specific duties amount to an introduc-
tion, by disguise, and under a different name, of
the odious minimum, which have justly received
the condemnation of the people—the tax-payers;
and but for that fact, we should, in all probability,
hear no arguments in favor of specific duties.
It might be that some modification of the law of
1846 was required; but, from the commencement
to the conclusion, the principle for which he con-
tended was that of ad valorem duties. Let Con-
gress shape its legislation so as to defeat, detect,
and punish frauds; but let it not hold out a false
principle of taxation to the people to mislead and
deceive them. The iron of Pennsylvania was en-
titled to some degree of incidental protection, as
much so as any other interest of the country, and
no more. The sugar of the gentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Hak-manson] was to be lowered to the
same principle.
Now, so far as the individual and personal in-
terests of his (Mr. G.'s) constituents were con-
cerned, he was' willing to settle the principle, and
to act upon that principle so long as he should
retain a seat here—of assessing revenue upon the
principle of ad valorem duties. He would apply
the same principle of taxation to all; but he was
not to be understood as saying that he would sup-
port a horizontal tariff. It was not right that the
same duties should be levied on all articles. But
whilst Congress was exercising this revenue
power, it should so exercise it as that the imposi-
tions and burdens should be disseminated over the
whole body of the people, without reference to
any particular class, calling, or locality.
He regarded all taxation, whether direct or indi-
rect, as an evil and a burden to the people; but it
was, to some extent, a necessary evil, as Govern-
ment must have revenue to defray its expenses
and keep its machinery in motion. To raise that
revenue, he was satisfied with the imposition of
duties on imported articles for consumption; and,
as such duties must of necessity afford some pro-
tection, as an incident to their revenue quality, he
was in favor of so adjusting the duties as to afford
the same incidental benefit to all classes of the
community—not to the manufacturers only, but to
the farmers, the mechanics,laborers, and all others.
Why not, then, make the same inquiry, and have
the same investigation, with reference to agricul-
ture and commerce, as proposed for manufactures ?
And whv not also make a similar inquiry with the
view of equalizing the burdens of taxation ? We
ought to equalize the burdens imposed upon the
people for the support of Government among ail
1 classes of the community, in proportion to their
■ ability to pav; and we ought, with the same care,
i to equalize 'the incidental benefits which might
result from such taxation.
For these reasons he was in favor of the amend-
ment of the gentlaman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb;]
that if the operation of the revenue laws was to
be investigated as they bore on manufactures, it
should also be investigated with respect to agri-
culture and commerce.
Mr. GREELEY said, he was very sure thatir-
thev could have a fair understanding of each other
on this question, this committee could come to a
satisfactory conclusion. For his part, he would
just as soon have this subject referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, as to the Committee on
Manufactures. He repudiated the idea that there
was any diversity, any discordance of interests
between agriculture and manufactures; and he re-
garded it as most unfortunate, that two committees
- had been appointed on this subject. There ought
to be one common grand committee of this House
1 to look to the industrial interests of the country—
, a committee on industry, who should look to the
