1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6t
every gentleman within the sound of his voice—the
Hon. Mr. Baldwin, subsequently a Judge of the
Supreme Court of the United States, who was so
long a distinguished member of this House from
the State of'Pennsylvania, and a member of the
Committee on Commerce; and the name of the
chairman of that Committee on Commerce, Hon.
Mr. Newton, of Va., who was so long a member
of this House, that he was styled emphatically
" the father of the House," having been a member
of it, and at the head of the Committee on Com-
merce and Manufactures for 20 years? Yet Judge
Baldwin, though not at the head of that commit-
tee, placed himself at the head of the great subject
of protection, and, as a member of the committee,
yearafter year, reported bills with a viewto protec-
tion, and year after year furnished reports, which
were not exceeded, perhaps, in ability and masterly
argument even by the great report of Alexander
Hamilton on this subject—reports most replete
with argument in favor of protection. These re-
ports, long and able, were on the files of this
House. Well, after he had thus labored and worn
himself out, year after year, Judge Baldwin was
one day complaining of his misfortunes to the then
distinguished Speaker of this House, (Mr. Clay,)
that he had so long labored, and laboied in vain,
that lie did not know but he must give up the
whole subject of protection. "Why,'' said that
-distinguished Speaker to him, (in conversation,)
" I have hit upon a plan which will relieve you.
There must be a new committee created in this
House—a Committee on Manufactures,—and you,
Mr. Baldwin, must be its chairman." And so he
was. A Committee on Manufactures was estab-
lished, and Judge Baldwin was made chairman of
it; and here again he produced those reports upon
protection which had been cited as text-books from
that day to this, and would be when the subject
■again came up for discussion. Judge Baldwin
ceased to be a member of this House, he (Mr. M.)
believed, simply because he had been laboring
under an illness which prostrated him for a series
of years. His successor, Mr. Todd, was elected,
and he was placed on the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
He (Mr. M.) did not see the gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, now in his seat; but he wished to correct
the suggestion which had been made by him,
wheu speaking of the tariff of 1824, that it was re-
ported by Mr. Mallory. The fact was otherwise:
Mr. Todd, who succeeded Judge Baldwin from
the State of Pennsylvania, reported the tariff bill
of 1824, which was discussed almost for the entire
session. But although he reported that bill, he
tlid not accompany it with any report upon the
subject of protection. Why? Those reports
which had been furnished to this House, and those
on its files and among its printed documents, which
had been made by Judge Baldwin, were deemed
amply sufficient, so far as regarded the settling for-
ever the great constitutional question.. He said,
therefore, that that bill was reported by Mr. Todd
from the Committee on Manufactures. He (Mr.
M.) happened to be a member of that committee
at that time, and therefore the gentleman from |
Ohio, he hoped, would excuse him for setting him \
right upon this matter of history. j
Mr. M. proceeded to state that the great bill of '
protection of lf'-M was considered as hawng taken j
especial care of the iron interests of Pennsylvania,
but nnt of the great wool growing interests of
New England; and hence it became necessary that
the tai'iiF should be revised with a view to that in- j
terest. And it was not necessary for him to say,
that when any alteration was proposed to be made
in the tariff system, the whole subject had to be
gone into. In 1^-8, the other great bill of protec-
tion was brought forward by Mr. Mallory. That ,
gentleman had previously been a member of the !
committee; but he was then chairman of the Com- :
miileeon Manufactures,and he it was who reported
the gieat bill of protection ot 1838._ That law re- ,
mamed in force until the passage ol the bill known
as the compromise bill, which looked forward to a
continued reduction of duties, to a diminution litlle 1
by little, until it brought the country into a pre-
dicament from which it could scarcely see any
mode of escape. Then it was that the Committee
on Manufactures again took up the subject, and
labored and labored upon it. They labored in
vain. They were resisted at eveiy point; until,,j
ultimately, to save the country and pre\ent an ad- "
joucmnent of Congress without anything being
done, the Committee of Ways and Means—of
which a distinguished gentleman from New York,
recently elected to a more elevated station, (Mr.
Fillmore,) was chairman—relieved the country
from its embarrassment, by bringing in a bill based
upon that which had already been .introduced by
the Committee on Manufactures.
What, then, was the true state of the case ? Du-
ring the whole history of protection in this House,
no othercommittee had ever taken up, examined, |
and reported on this subject. The first reports ema- :
nated from the Committee on Commerce and Man- J
ufactures. When a new Committee of Manufac- j
tures was created, (of which Mr. Baldwin was
chairman,) that committee had charge of the sub-
ject, and had furnished many able reports. And j
again, at a subsequent period, able reports had j
been made for and against the principle. The !
Committee on Manufactures was framed upon the
revenue principle. A majority of the committee
were in favor of that principle. Mr. M. alluded to
majority and minority reports which had p been
made by the committee—one m favor of free trade,
40 pages long—the other m favor of protection,
50 or 60 pages—(one of the ablest arguments ever
made in favor of the protective policy.)
He alluded to these facts, to show what he be-
lieved to be the case—that there never had been a
committee in this House that had taken up and
reported upon the doctrine of protection, except
the Committee on Manufactuits; and he drew
thence the inference, that the argument contained
in the President's Message should be referred to
that committee. And he quoted the opinion ex-
pressed by General Jackson, in his first message,
in relation to the right and duty of the Govern-
ment to protect the country from the injurious
commercial regulations of foreign Powers. jj
The interests of commerce were great.—so also !i
were the interests of agriculture. But the subject !,
of manufactures had been separated from that of j I
commerce, because it requued the labors of a I
| separate and distinct committee. And now the |,
' amendment to the amendment proposed to go ,!
back—not only to send the subject to the Commit- 'i
tees of Commerce and Manufactures, but also to
add the Committee on Agriculture. It was true, ;j
he repeated, that the interests of commerce and jl
agriculture were great interests. But did it follow, j1
when a subject was referred to the Committee on
Commerce and Manufactures, that the committee ;
must necessarily confine its views to considera- 'j
tions affecting only this or that particular branch |;
of industry or business? Surely not. Mr. M. ;j
very briefly enforced this- view of the case, by '
leference to the interests of the agriculturists, and ij
the mode by which they could best be promoted. jj
• He did not propose to discuss the question of
protection. He thought he had said enough to ij
show that if the House did not now refer the sub- :
ject to the Committee on Manufactures, it would 1
depart from that which had been its uniform
usage since this interesting question had first been
discussed. To that committee, where the duty
properly belonged, he hoped it would be refeired. ,
Mr. FISHER proposed, he said, to make a few !
remarks on this question, if the committee would j
give him us attention for a short time. The sub- ..
ject was one of conceded importance to all parts
of the couutry. Mile section ol country wineii lie
i e presented was devoted principally to agriculture. ,,
It had been truly said, that all tne mteiests Oi the
United States were alike allied and connected to- ;
aether by the tarili system. In his opinion, the ,
subiect should be referred especially to the Com-
nutteeof Ways and Means, which, as he thought,
was the proper committee to make a lepoi t.
Atld here, in the commencement, he wished to
submit a few remarks in relation to the^ dihercnt
views entertained by different^ sections of country
upon this que.-tion oi the taritt. _ _
It seemed to him that very erroneous opinions
existed in the minds of those who were in fa\or ol
free trade—in other words, of those who were op-
posed to the protective policy. It was contended
; that the consumer paid the duty—that it was com-
. putedin the price of the article—and that, theietoie,
^ the consumer hod to pay it. And this was one ol ^
1 the principal objections urged in opposition to the
protective policy, and m favor oi fiee-iradc. j.>ow,
if it could be shown that this position was not cor-
rect, ihfxt the consumer did not pay the duty, oi
course it followed, tis a necessary consequence,
ji that this argument ceased to have §ny force or
ji validity. It fell to the ground.
:j He knew only of three objections which had
jj been urged in opposition to the protective policy
jj by the tree-trade party. If these objections could
be shown, as he believed they could, to be unsound
;; and fallacious, then, as a matter of course, objec-
|j tions to the system could no longer be urged.
|i The first objection was, that the system was un-
| constitutional. In answer to this position, he
I would reply, that it was "enough for us to know
j that such a policy had been introduced at the or-
I ganization of- our Government, under the first ad-
t ministration, and that there never had been a time
j (excepting only that which had elapsed since the
| enactment of the tariff law of 1846) in which the
I authority of this Government to establish a pro-
I tective policyhad not been recognized. The prin-
ciple had been acknowledged in every tariff.
| ^ Another objection was, that which he had no-
| ticed at the outset of his remarks, namely, that
the consumer paid the duty; and hence ali the ar-.
guments of the free-trade party were directed to
that point. They attempted to prejudice the minds
of the people against the rich. They said that it was
the imposition of a tax on the poor for the benefit
of the rich. Now, that not being true, of course
thisobjectiontothe protective policy was removed.
The duty was a tax upon the foreign importer—
to be paid by whom? Who were the taxed party,
and to whom was the tax to be paidr The free-
trade party assumed (and it was nothing more
than an assumption) that the tax was paid by the
consumer to the manufacturer; when the fact was,
that the duty was paid by the foreign importer or
manufacturer to the Government of this coun-
try. They said it was a bounty paid—by
whom? By the consumer to the manufacturer;
when, in truth, it was a bounty paid by the foreign
importer to the Government of the country for
the privilege of selling his commodities in our
market. There was but one method by which
the consumer of our country could be taxed.
If the free-trade parly could prove that the duty
was added to the price of the commodity, and
that the consumer had it to pay, he (Mr. F.) would
yield the argument. But until this was done, he
must be in favor of the policy of protection. If
it was true that the duty was added to the price of
the article, (and thePresident, and the Secretary of
the Treasury, in all his reports, had assumed but
not proved it,) then the imposition fell practically
upon the people of the country. If this was true,
it could be proved. Let him briefly pursue the
argument.
Mr. F. here gave way to—
Mr. STANTON, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion having prevailed,
The committee rose, and reported progress.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memoiiala were presented
undor the luie, and referred :
By Mt. RiTCHEY: Thrt petition of John Clark and *241
oliu'i cit.zenn of Washington and Athens counties, Ohio,
pia\in« the establishment oi a. mail route from Constitution,
in "Washington eountc, O'Sio. to Federal ton. in Athens coun-
ty : leferrtd to the Committee 011 the Post Office anJ Fust
Rons}*.
B. M'. MAN.\T, of Massachusetts : The petition of Martin
Lincoln, 01 Ma.—achuseit^. and 1)5 otaers ; of John Patten,
or -Maine, and 41 2 oilier; of Charles Geber, ot Maine,
and 70 others; and ot Christopher Conu-toek, ot Rhode
Inland, and !?4 others,—several!} in behait oi cheap postage.
AI-o a memorial oi the watly meeting ot anu-slaveiv
FneiuK lu-kt at New po;t. ladi ma, praying tor the abohtn h
of rda\(.r\ in tne D-.stuct of CoStanbid, its non-extension to
th'"> 'iVri itoi! "?, c.
By Mr. CHAPMAN : The petition ofC. P. McCoikle, for
(hlit'U'm'i' oi" pav between captain1!? clerk and puiserou
b<->uul tin* Umu-d States schounei Petrel, in 1646 and 1847.
the petition of Matilda W. Draw, for a pension.  
B\ WILLIAM T. LAWftEiYCE: The petition ot inhab-
itants o't trie route, for the establishment of a post route
between Ithae i, m Tompkins co.infy, and Bath, in *leuben
i-oii!;t\. in the tfute ot New York: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Po<t Oihce and Post Uoads.
Bv Mi. PENDLETON: The petition of DangerfMd
Fuuiitlein\. nrauMglora law directing a fair and equitable
aduMnient'oT In* accounts a> purser ot the United Stales
na\\,ioi i'\,)emutuiea made m California, b) order ot his
ABEO IT: The petition of Thomas II. Cutter
and"others, citizens of Nev.bur.vport, Massachusetts pray-
in" lor a reduction and uniform rates ot postage throughout
the Cniud States: rofoircd to the Commuter on the Po t
Oiiice and Post Roads. Also, the petition ot John ttai>h and
mhe^ utizens oi Massachusetts prayimr that the law m«y
be so amended .i* to increase the per diem pay and mileage
of jurors sur\ nig in tne coin's ot tho L nited States.
