74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
workshops; and thus divide the labor of our coun- t|
try. The produce which they consumed would I!
become a constituent part of the soods; and thus
our produce could be taken to China and sold,
not in the crude state, but in the shape of cotton •!
goods. j|
Suppose we were to say to the iron manufac- jj
turers of Pennsylvania, It is to your advantage to j;
take your coal arid iron ore, without manufactur- lj
ing it, to Europe, and then let it be brought back [|
and sold here, and let them manufacture it there, jj
Would that be proper? Surely not. Just so it jl
would be in relation to agricultural products. We j1
could not take them, with advantage, to foreign j'
countries. We must build up a home market, p
That, would not destroy our foreign market. We
knew that to be so. Precisely so with the cotton j]
planters. If they went against the protective sys- ,■
tern, they would destroy their home market for ;!
cotton; and thus be in the same condition with [J
the farmer, that is, they would only have the for- i,
eign market. Hence, we should be placed at the ,
mercy of the foreign maiket alone. There would |i
be no competition. Therefore, it could not be to u
the advantage of the agriculturists to destroy our
own manufactures.
He was aware that the West labored under the
disadvantage of having its markets in the East.
Much more disadvantageous would it be if that
market had to be sought in Europe. It would be I
to the advantage of Ohio to build up manufactures j
in that State, and a regular system of protection j
would accomplish that object; and whatever would j
give a market for the farmer's produce, would be j
an advantage to the farmer. This could be accom- |
phshed only by building up manufactures. i
He had now said about all that he cared to say !
at this time. He would not have said even so '
much, but that he did riot suppose that there was i
any probability that he might, for some time to i
come, obtain the floor again, lie had just thrown \
out these few arguments and ideas, in order that, |
if gentlemen could lefute them, they should do so. ,
He would like to hear them. He would like gen- |
tlemen on the opposite side of the question to i
substantiate, if they could, the proposition which J
had been put forth by the President of the United i
States and the Secretary of the Treasury. The j
President, in the course of his argument, main- j
tamed that the duty was added to the price of the j
goods, and that the consumer had to" pay it. In j
addition to this, it was seen that the Secretary of I
the Treasury contended that the protective policy j
prohibited foreign importations, and that hence it |
would drive ns to diiect taxation. If these two !
positions could be brought together and reconciled, j
he (Mr. F.) would like to sec it done. j
But it appeared to him that the Secretary of the ;
Treasury was arguing strangely, for if he (Mr. F.) !
understood his leport, it certainly went entirely m j
favor of the doctrine of free trade. It was for no j
tariff whatsoever; if he did not mean that, his ar- j
guments were as much in opposition to a revenue i
tariff as to the protective policy. The Secretary, '
as Mr. F. understood, went m for entire free trade i
and duect taxation. If the opponents of the pro- i
tee.uve policy were consistent upon this subject, [
and believed that the consumer in our country'had
the duty to pay, why had they not changed the !
whole policy of the Government, so as not to !
compel him to pay it- Why had they not taken :
off ail duties on foreign imports and laid them \
upon exports to foreign countries, because, accord- !
ing to their doctrine, the foreign consumer woild
have to pay them? Why would gentlemen com- .
pel the home consumer to pay the expenses of our :
Government instead of the foreign consumer?
Mr. F. having concluded, the Chairman gave !
the floor to b !■
Mr. LAHM, who proceeded to remark, that he !!
had not obtained the flo'or for the purpose of
making a spcech on the tariff, and that if it had
not been for a few positions which had been ad-
vanced by his colleague, [Mr. Fisher,] he (Mr. 11
L.) should not have sought the floor at all, for he !'
admitted that he was as little acquainted with the 1
tariff as with any other political subject. But it !
seemed to him that there were some self-evident ;
truths and positions that must be apparent to any i!
individual who had given the subject any consid- 1
erauon whatever. '
In the first place, he would come for a moment or '
two-to the question immediately before the House; '>
that was to say, as to the reference of that pait of ,:l
the President's message which related to the tariffs
of 1842 amH84S. It was proposed to strike out
of the original resolution the words " tariffs of
1842 and 1846," and substitute in their place a
reference of the whole subject to the Committee
on Manufactures.
Now, he would ask gentlemen on the other side
of the House, what was the object of the institu-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means? It
seemed to him that the piovince of that committee
was to provido means to carry on the affairs of the
Government. Such, in his judgment, was the
legitimate object for which that committee had
been created. It was a committee which had been
in existence ever since the organization of the
Government, because the necessity of its existence
had been apparent ever since that time.
But according to the argument of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Marvin.] the Committee
on Manufactures had been raised at a subsequent
period. It seemed that it had been raised to grat-
ify the objects of ceitain politicians who could not
carry out the measure of protection by referring
j the subject to the Committee of Ways and Means;
and that with a view to accomplish their ends, an
additional committee was to be appointed—a Com-
mittee on Manufactures.
What was the object of a tariff? Why did we
; pass revenue laws at all ? To raise means to pay
! the expenses of the Government, and to defray its
[ debts, if any debts it had. And if laws for tiiese
! purposes were to be passed, the Committee of
! Ways and Means was the proper committee to
; have charge of the subject. Why, then, he would
! ask, should not the whole subject be referred to
that committee?
! But the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gree-
i i.f.y] had told them, very plainly, what the object
of the contemplated reference was. He had said,
■ that an mdictmcnt had gone forth to the country
: from the President of the United States and the
1 Secretary of the Treasury, against that party
; which had recently succeeded m the Presidential
election. He (Mr. L.) knew before it was thus
! openly avowed, what the objcct of gentlemen on
| that side of the House was. He knew that they
I felt the force of the message of the President, and
! of the report of the Secretary of the Treasury. He
! knew that they felt the truth of the position, that
I the declarations of gentlemen, made when the
i Democratic party was about to repeal the tariff
I act of 1842, had not been made good; that the
| predictions made by Mr. Webster and other
i gentlemen on that side of the question, that a le-
1 vuision would overtake the business and rum the
affairs of the country, had not been realized. Gen-
tlemen knew that something must go to the coun-
try from them, to counteract with their political
j friends the aiguments of the message of the Pres-
; ident, and of the repoit of the Secretary of the
Treasury. They had therefore mowed that to be
■ their object. The business of the House, and the
| interests of the country, it seemed, must all yield
[ to their political wishes and considerations. The
i gentlemen who desired a select committee should
; have asked at once for a select committee, to be
! chosen from their own friends, and that the sub-
(ject might be referred to that committee with ex-
! press instructions to report to the country an
; argument m opposition to that of the President
j and of the Secretary of the Treasury. This would
i have been laying the matter open at once—this
would have been walking boldly up to it—this
would have been giving a full sweep and fair play.
For his own pait, if gentlemen di&ued to have a
committee composed of their own friends, he was
willing to give it them. Let them have it, and let
them make their report to the country. Any re-
port they could make in reply to the message,
would only prove its truth—would only demon-
strate the force of its reasoning, the correctness of
us conclusions, and the wisdom of the policy
which had been adopted by the Administration m
relation to this great and important subject. He
feared no report that could be sent abroad. He
wished the country to see all that could be said on
both sides, for and against the policy—to compaie
them, and to draw conclusions accordingly. But I
he submitted to the House, whether the whole 1
object of the gentleman from New York had not '
been satisfied? whether his colleague from Ohio, •
[Mr. Fisher,] had not stepped in this morning, i
and accomplished all that the gentleman from Ne5w
York proposed to accomplish by a committee?
The gentleman had made a full and elaborate reply
to the President and the Secretary of the Treasury.
That speech would go abroad to the country; it
would go abroad as an argument emanating fiom
one of the champions of a protective tariff in thia
House; as an argument in reply to the President,
as the sentinels of that side of the House, on the
great questn n of the tariff. He suggested, there-
fore, to the gentleman from New York, whether his
whole purpose had not now been accomplished,
and whether he was not willing to abandon his
proposi tion.
He would here remark, that he had never,
either publicly or privately, committed himself to
the tariff of 1842 or to the tariff of 1846. When
he was a candidate for a seat in this Hall, he had
refused to commit himself to either of these laws,
because he had believed then, as he believed now,
that some modifications might perhaps be re-
quired in the tariff of 1846. But he had no hesi-
tation in saying that he had always been of the
opinion, that the tariff of 1846 was infinitely su-
perior to the tariff of 1842.
Something had been satd by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thompson] yesterday, in re-
gard to the ad valorem system; and here let him
remark, that he (Mr. L.) was in favor of the ad
valorem system, and of discriminations under that
sys'.em. He was in favor of raising revenue by
duties on imports,just sufficient to defray the ex-
penses of the Government, economically adminis-
tered; and in raising that amount of revenue, he
would discriminate, not as the tariff of 1842 did,
in favor of the luxuries and against the necessa-
ries of life; but he would discriminate in favor of
the necessaries of life—those articles which were
consumed alike by the rich and by the poor, by the
whole community; and against the luxunes of life—
those articles which were consumed only by the
aristocracy of the country. That was the dis-
crimination which he favored. Again: he would
levy low duties upon such foreign articles as we
needed, and such as we could not produce; while he
would levy high duties upon such as we did not
need, and such as we might produce.
His colleague had this morning taken a position
that the imposition of duties upon foreign import-
ations did not increase the price to the consumer.
He had illustrated his position by supposing that
a hat was imported and sold for §3, when no duty
was imposed; and had said, if a duty of $1 was
levied, the price of the article would be increased.
Now, it seemed to him this was surrendering the
position that the gentleman had taken—that the
imposition of the duty did not increase the price
of the article. He had asked his colleague who
paid the additional dollar; and he had received
the reply that he did not understand the question.
He presumed he did not as well as the gentleman;
but he thought it was at least evident, that if a hat
was imported and sold for $3, without a duty, and
when a duty of was imposed the price was
raised to $4, that the additional dollar would be
paid by the consumer.
But the gentleman seeing the difficulties in which
he had involved himself, assumed another position,
and said, the imposition of the duty would not
increase the price, because it would prohibit the
importation. Well, this would result m direct
taxation. If the duty was laid so high as that
there were no importations of the article, of course
we should get no revenue, and should be obliged
to resort to direct taxation fur the support of the
Government. Well, to get nd of this difficulty,
the gentleman had said that it would still be im-
posed, but the foreign manufacturer wouli have
to pay the duty, and (m the ca^e of the hat) would
go home with $2 m his pocket instead of $3. What
did that position amount tor Simply to this: that
the object and end of tariff protection was no more
nor le.ss than to decrease the profits of the foreign
manufacturer, and,at the same time, not affect the
American manufacturer.
The gentleman had argued, that although we
levied a protective tariff, and (as he contended)
took the duty out of the pockets of the foreign
manufdctuier, it would not affect the sale of our
products in the foreign markets. But suppose
other countries took the same view, and levied a
piotective tariff upon our exportations to them:
according to the gentleman's argument, the duties
thus levied would come out of our pockets, and,
of course, would tend to prohibit our exportations.
But take the article of coffee. Under the tariff
