1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
77
■were old and might be suspicious, he decided that
the bill should not become a law.
But there was another subject far more import-
ant, transcending, in its effects upon the interests
of the country, almost every other, on which the
Executive had thought proper to interpose his ar-
bitrary will against the action of Congress. He
alluded to the appropriations made from time to
time for the improvement of the great channels of
commerce in this country, both internal and exter-
nal. Congress, at almost every session, had passed
bills appropriating a portion of the public revenue
to improve the navigation of the great lakes, rivers,
and harbors on the seaboard. The appropriations
which had passed this Congress and the last Con-
gress for this purpose were precisely of the same
character as those which had been passed by every
preceding Congress for more than twenty-five
years. Bills of the same character as those which
had been defeated by the present Executive had
received the sanction of ail his predecessors, in-
cluding General Jackson and Mr. Van Buren; but
he had assumed to go a long way beyond all the
political abstractionists of his school, and reject
appropriations of every description for the im-
piovement of our internal commerce. The bill
which he had vetoed two years ago, at the session
of 1846, was confined to unfinished works, which
had been commenced under the* sanction of his
predecessors. He would remind the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] that the candi-
date of the Baltimore Convention was pledged to :
this same system, to carry out the same hostility
to internal improvements, and he thought the
people had decided also that they would not have j
a President who would thwart and defeat their
wishes, and prevent the free action of Congress on
this subject, as our present Executive had done. It
would really seem as if the Executive could find no
constitutional power to expend money upon any
beneficial work of improvement within the limits of
the United States. After going beyond our bound-
aries, after passing over to Mexico, and going
down to the Isthmus of Panama, his constitutional
objections were immediately dissipated. We had
a Constitution under his construction of it whose
power seemed to increase the very moment it was
made to operate beyond the sphere for which it
was originally created. The President saw no dif-
ficulty in securing the right of making railroads,
canals, and internal improvements of all kinds,
but he insisted that they must be somewhere with-
out the? country. Where it was proposed to im-
prove our great rivers, the harbors on the lakes
and seaboard, and the navigation of the maritime
waters, altogether within our Federal jurisdiction,
he stopped Congress short, year after year, and
defeated the action of the people through their
representatives.
But he had not intended to go into a full discus-
sion of any of these matters. He had thought it
proper to allude to them, on account of the efforts
which had been made, not only now, but upon
former occasions, to convey the idea that the peo-
ple of this country, in the exercise of their own
high power and privilege of electing their Chief
Magistrate, and deciding what policy should pre-
vail in the administration of the Government, had
been carried away by mere blind freak and pas-
sion, without having any settled purpose. If gen-
tlemen on the other side had any such idea, he
could assure them, as much as they admired the
people of this country—and they professed to be
the especial admirers of the people—that they had
entirely mistaken the popular character.
The American people knew full well what it was
they desired, and what it was they were doing,
when they had accomplished that great change of
rulers which was about to restore this Government
to its original purity, and to carry us back to the
better days of the Republic. They had decided
to put an end to Executive encroachments and Ex-
ecutive corruption. They had decided to put an
end to all those theories which had operated so
oppressively upon the industry of the country—
to the free-trade policy, and the sub-treasury, by
which the circulating medium of the country was
actually excluded from all the operations of the
treasury. They had determined that this great
indispensable power, so important to all the pro-
ducing sections of our country—the appropriation
of the public moneys for the facilitating and pro-
motion of commerce, for removing the obstruc-
tions which impeded our navigation—should no
longer be restrained in its exercise. They had
determined, at the same time, to put an end to the
Executive usurpation of the war power; to put an
end to conquest—to the false, dazzling, delusive
career of glory which had been opened before our
people, by those who were ready and eager upon
all occasions to engage in " inevitable" war, as if
that was the only way by which we were to work
out our "manifest destiny." All these things had
entered as elements into the canvass. He believed,
that with reference to them all, we should see a
new order of things. He anticipated, from that
honest, incorruptible patriot who had been elected
by the free suffrages of the people, a hearty co-
operation, a ready conformity, to the will and
wishes of the people upon all these great ques- j
tions; that he would carry out the true intent and
design of the Constitution under which we live—
that the laws shall be made by the people, through
their representatives in Congress, and shall be ad-
ministered in good faith by the Executive depart-
ment of the Government.
He wished to refer, for a single moment, to the
instance which was alluded to in this very message,
from which the President attempted to show the
propriety of the exercise of the veto power. He
(the President) was not satisfied with touching
upon questions which had been before the country
during his Administration; but he had gone out of ,
the way to consider a question which, for some
years past, if not " obsolete," had been entirely
removed from public discussions, and had occupied
no considerable share of public attention—he al-
luded to the question of a United States bank. He
believed it had not been proposed by any party :
to establish a national bank since the present Ex-
ecutive came into power, and he supposed it was
not at all probable he would be called, before the
expiration of his term of office, to give his assent
to any such measure. Yet he (the President)
could not satisfy himself in this farewell legacy to
the country without going out of his way to amuse
Congress and the people with a labored argument
against the constitutionality of a bank of the Uni-
ted States, taking care, at the same time, to impute
to all those who differed with him the most un- i
worthy motives. He entered into an argument j
which, a few years ago, would have been very !
fitting in Tammany Hall; butgven in the discus- ;
sions of party clubs m this country the subject •
had passed out of view; yet it was revived with i
all the freshness of novelty by this retiring Presi- ;
dent, who referred to Washington, who signed the 1
first bill to charter a national bank, and to Madi- ]
son, who signed the bank bill of 1816. These |
Presidents, he told us, had serious doubts in their j
own minds as to the constitutionality of a bank; i
indeed, he said that Washington, m his individual j
opinions,doubted the existence of this powerm the i
Government; that his original opinion was against
it; and that he went so far as to engage Mr. Madi- ;
son to frame a message respecting the bill, which j
was originally sent to him. Well, he (Mr. H.) 1
thought, if the President had studied the philoso- j
phyof-his own precedent, he would have seen
that it furnished the strongest argument which
could be adduced in favor of a spirit of deference
on the part of the Executive to the Legislative
branch of the Government. General Washington
had doubts; his individual opinions might be, as
they probably were, rather against the existence of ;
this power; yet he decided, as every wise and patri-
otic man would do, that svhile there were doubts
in his mind, the will of the people, through their j
legislative organs, should prevail; and he sane- |
tioned the bill. That was the wise decision to '
which General Washington and Mr. Madison '
arrived: they yielded their own constitutional
scruples in deference to the will of the people, de- ^
clared through their representatives. He (Mr.
H.) believed that we had elected another President
1 now, (and he hoped we should elect such during
all time,) who would be animated by the same ;
elevated, patriotic spirit. He trusted we should
see no more of this race of self-sufficient, all- ;
sufficient Presidents, who considered themselves
wiser and better qualified to judge what was for
the benefit of the people than their own repre-
sentatives.
Before taking his seat, he had a single word to
say upon the immediate subject under discussion.
He did not consider it very material to which of
the two committees this portion of the message
should be referred. It was hardly probable that a
revision of our present tariff system would be car-
ried into effect at the present session of Congress;
but he believed it would be one of the first, if not
the very first act which would be passed by the
new Congress. The most that could be done, per-
haps, at this session, was to refer the subject to a
committee where"it would be thoroughly investi-
gated, and from whom a proper report would be
presented, showing the operation and effect of the
tariff policy now in force. The tariff of 1846 should
be thoroughly discussed and examined at this ses-
sion of Congress. The sophistries and fallacies
which were contained in this message of the Pres-
ident, and which were so well calculated to delude
the people who had not the opportunity to investi-
gate it thoroughly for themselves, should be ex-
posed by a committee of this House; and he
thought it would be eminently proper to place this
subject before a committee who, at the proper
time, should make a full, candid, fair report, pre-
senting the entire merits of this subject, meeting
the views of the President in a proper spirit, and
placing the question on those grounds where,soon-
er or later, it must stand. He doubted very much
whether the Committee of Ways and Means, in
the great multitude of their engagements, and un-
der the heavy labors which had already been de-
volved upon them, would have the time to insti-
tute the necessary investigation, and make the
elaborate report which the subject required.
He was therefore in favor of sending that portion
of the message to the Committee on Manufactures.
He did not know for what other purpose the Com-
mittee on Manufactures was organized: unless this
subject, so far as its bearing on industry was con-
cerned, should be referred to them, it struck him
that the House might as well dispense altogether
with this committee. By a rule of the House, the
Committee on Manufactures was one of the stand-
ing committees of this House, but it had no duty
to perform except this or some similar subject were
specifically referred to them. He thought the
present a suitable occasion to send the question to
a committee who would investigate it, and present
a full and satisfactory report, which should be laid
before the country, and should counteract the ex-
isting erroneous influences upon public opinion,
giving to all men the necessary means of forming
a correct and deliberate opinion on the subject.
Mr. BROWN,of Mississippi,obtained the floor,
and yielded,
And, on motion of Mr. McCLERNAND, the
committee rose.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. STROHM : The petition of Henry Builman and
i John Borgsirom, discharged recruits, prajing that bounty
: land and extra pay may be allowed to them, and all others
similarly situated": referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions. AHo, the petition of Jacob Waresch,Jate
of the marine corp*, praying that bounty land and extra pay
may he granted to him and all others similarly situated : re-
j ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also,
j the petition of Lorenzo Poelzei, a discharged soldier, pray-
I ing (or a pension on account ot 1m disability to labor : re-
i ferred to the Committee on Invahd Pensions.
: By Mr. A. JOHNSON The petition and othei papers of
' Mr. John Kenbaugh,ot Green county, Tennessee, asking
i Congress to place hitn on the roll of invalid pen>ioners:
referred to the Committee on Invahd Pensions. Also, the
apphcationjjof Mr. Nathaniel Wills,, of Washington couniy,
^ Tennessee, to be placcd on the roil of invahd pensioners:
referred to the Committee on Invahd Pensions.
By Mr. BOWLIN: The petition ot Peter A. Came?,
praying to he indemnified for losses sustained by him whilst
' a sutler in the army, in consequence of irregular orders of
! the War Department, and to be protected in his office of
forage and wagon-master: referred to the Committee on
Claims-.
Bv Mr HARMAXSON :_The petitions of M. Mclntyre and
| R. Benjamin.
The following Committees were on Tuesday
announced by the Speaker:
Committee on Rules.
Mr. Truman Smith, Mr. Julius Rockwell,
! Mr. Caleb B. Smith, Mr. Geo. S. Houston,
Mr. Howell Cobb, Mr. Jenkins,
Mr. Chapman, Mr. Brady.
Mr. Cabell,
Committee on the Publication of the Journals of the
House.
j Mr. McLane, Mr. Wallace,
| Mr. Toombs, Mr. Collamer,
Mr. Ashmun,
