82
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
being claimed either by the creditors or heirs of the
original party? It has lain nearly seventy years,
and no claim has been made during that long pe-
riod.' And now, since 1844, some one has taken
out letters of administration, after a lapse of fifty
years, and comes up here and .demands this old
balance. These letters, sir, have been taken out
for the express purpose of securing; this_ balance.
The clerk has given information of its existen.ee to
some one, who has hatched up this claim, and
Senators are now calling upon us to pay this bal-
ance to somebody who has no right to it whatever.
I contend that the party before us has no right,
either as creditor, heir, or administrator, to come
before us and ask us to pay this money to him. If
there was a balance due to '(he original party, I
think, from the lapse of time that has rolled away
without any claim being made for it, that he had
no creditors or heirs. At all events, since the
claim has been neglected for more than sixty years,
I think it is not worth while for us to recognize it
at this time.
The bill was then reported to the Senate without
amendment; and the question being put upon or-
dering the bill to a third reading, it was decided in
• the negative.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Charles W'aldron.
Mr. YULEE moved 4to amend the bill by the
addition of a clause authorizing the adjustment of
all claims of the same character, upon satisfactory
evidence of their validity being presented.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, I appre-
hend that the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from Florida [Mr. Yui.be] draws too wide
a margin, and leaves room for a great deal of im-
position. I would prefer that this bill should lie
over or pass on its own merits; and it seems to me
that we should adopt, as a general principle, that
which is embodied in the amendment.
Mr. YULEE. The report seems to me to be a
very full and distinct one. I supposed, as it was
being read, that no member of the Senate present
coulu fy.il to be convinced of the correctness with
which the committee has acted.
The intention of the amendment is simply this:
that where a quartermaster of the United States
has purchased from a citizen supplies for the public
use, and has failed to account for the disposition
made of the supplies thus purchased, the citizen
of whom the purchase was made shall not be called
to account for that disposition. Nothing can be
plainer lhaii that. An officer of the United States
Furchases my corn, and gives me a certificate that
have sold and dcliveied it to him, for the use of
the army; I apply at the department for payment,
and I am told that the officer has not accounted to
the Government, and because lie has not thus ac-
counted, the Government refuses to pay for my
corn, although I can prove that I have actually
delivered il to tile proper officer. Nothing cart be
more plam or more simple than that the citizen who
sells should be secured against the possibility of the
proper officers not accounting to the United Stales.
The Government may secure itself aga.nst the
"action of its own officers. It seems to me to be
such a plain and self-evident principle that no delay
ought to ensue before it is adopted.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, the objec-
tion 5 have to this amendment is a direct and
practical one. Here is a special bill, reported for
. a special case, and the Senator from Florida [Mr.
Yiii.ee] proposes, by his amendment, to ingraft a
general principle upon this special bill. Now, sir,
that, in my judgment, is very dangerous and un-
safe legisiaiion. It" tlusprinciple should be adopt-
ed, and extended to all "cases, let us make it in the
manner ill which a general law is ysually made,
and not bring a bill befoie Congress fo'r a special
purpose, and legislating for a special case, and
then ingraft upon it a general principle, which is
to have authority in all time hereafter.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Dickinson] is not aware of all the
facts in this case. This is a bill from the House.
When the bill was before the House, the Claims
. Committee there examined it thoroughly, and
made an able report, which is among the papers.
The House committee's report, I can properly
state,-(as I believe I drew the report of the Senate
committee,) exhibits the case much more fully
and ably than that which has just been read. It
shows, in a stri'iing manner, the impropriety of
disallowing claims .for subsistence stores sold to a
quartermaster in the United States service, unless
the citizen who sells them to him can prove that
he purchased no more than the troops were enti-
tled to; that the officer had dealt them out in legal
quantities according to- the regulations, and had
rendered his accounts fully and fairly. I concede,
in all cases of well-founded suspicion of collusion
between the vender of the stores and the officer pur-
chasing them, the accounting officers should prop-
erly suspend their allowance, and send the parties
to Congress. But the notion that a citizen, who
sells flour, or corn, or pork, or beef, to a quarter-
master in service, for a fair price, and honestly, and
without any collusion, mus^first ascertain whether
the officer has already purchased the quantum, al-
lowed by law, and must then see that he deals it
out to the troops legally, and then render his vouch-
ers and accounts properly, and if any of the arti-
cles have been destroyed by the enemy, lost at
sea, or burnt on land, or sea-damaged and con- j
demned, he masi furnish the proof of it, and, in fact,
to make the citizen vender a surety to the amount
of his sale for the officer's good conduct, is per-
fectly preposterous. It is not only absurd, but it
is abhorrent fo justice, and ft is a most miserable
policy. Why> sir, no citizen who has any pru-
dence, under such rule, will sell to a quartermaster
any corn, or beef, or pork, under two or three
prices. It would lead to collusive speculations.
Honest sales, at just prices, and from patriotic
motives, would be discouraged, however great the
straits of the service. This rule was denounced by
the House committee, and also by the Senate com-
mittee, and I have no doubt the Senate will agree
with them. I have heard of no Senator who sus-
tains the rule. I admit, as I said' before, that in
cases of suspected collusion, the seller should be
held to strict proof; and it is safe, 'where doubts
exist, founded on evidence, to send the parties to
i Congress; but the United States are responsible,
' and not the individual citizen, for the misfeasance
j or nonfeasance of" its own officer, who purchases
| articles of such citizen under color of his official
station. I have no feeling as to this bill. Though
j the bill states the articles were sold in Florida, the
j claimant resides in Maine, I believe. [Mr. BRAD-
BURY: Ohio.] But 1 have no patience with the
I rule enforced in it by the accounting officers, and
I think the bill ought to pass to nullify it.
Mr. DICKINSON. My attention has not been
called particularly to this bill, and therefore I have
not spoken m opposition to it, but against extend-
ing it to a principle, as proposed by the amendment
jj of tile Senator from Florida at my right, [Mr.
j Yl-lee.]
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I was a
l member of the Committee of Claims which re-
' ported this bill, and concurrcd with the committee
m the result at which they arrived, that the bill
ought to be passed; but.I did not concur in some
1 of the reasons for the result arrived at by the com-
mittee, as the honorable Senator from Florida
[Mr. Westcott] will recollect. I did not concur
in the condemnation of the accounting officers in
'< regard to the principle which they have adopted.
On the contrary, it has appeared to me that the ac-
counting officers have adopted precisely the correct
j! principle. I understand it to be this: that where a
:i quartermaster who is authorized to contract for
I supplies for the army does not account for provis-
ji ions purchased, showing that' they went for the
h use of the army, or has purchased an over-supply,
1 they refuse to allow the account. I apprehend
they are correct in so doing. They have their
regulations. These regulations are well under-
;i stood by officers of the army. They are regula-
tions calculated to protect the treasury, dnd they
. are regulations under which the army can be, or-
dinarily,. supplied.
Now, when there are applications that do not
come within these rules; for instance, where the
quaitermaster has purchased a larger quantity than
he should, or has purchased provisions for the
army and squandered them, I think it is proper
| that the vender should be turned over to Congress,
and that the matter should be investigated, not at
the department, but investigated elsewhere, that
there may be public exposure of the officer who
' thus violates his duty. I think, then, that it.is a
safe and wise rule which they have adopted.
1 So much in regard to the rule. Hence the ac-
■ counting officers were correct in saying, "We!
- cannot allow the payment in this case. His claim
may be just. It is true that the quartermaster has
certified that he received the provisions, but he
has not brought himself within the rules by which
we are authorized to allow it. jLct the matter be
investigated by Congress."
Then the question is presented for our consider-
ation, "Vyhat will we do? Here is the proper offi-
cer of the United States army, who states that he
has purchased of the petitioner provisions for the"
army, and he has never received payment for them
at the department, and that, under the rules which
they have established, they cannot allow the pay-
ment. There is no question in regard to the pur-
chase. There is no question in regard to the fact
that the claimant has sold provisions to an officer
who was authorized to make a purchase. Hence,
I think, that in this case we should allow the claim
of the petitioner, which is trifling in amount. The
principle is correct, and Congress should allow the
claim.
I am opposed to the amendment offered by the
honorable Senator from Florida, [Mr. Yulee,]
that this should be made a general principle, and
that the department should be instructed m all
cases of this kind to make the allowance. I think
that all such claims should cotne before Congress
and be examined, and for that reason I oppose the
amendment. If that amendment be withdrawn or
voted down, I should be pleased at the passage of
this bill, and would give it my hearty support.
Mr. YULEE. I would suggest that the bill be
passed over, and before it is called up again I will
prepare a general bill with appropriate restric-
tions.
Mr. Yulee then withdrew his amendment, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 2], 1848.
Another member appeared and took his seat,
viz: from the State of New Y.ork, Mr. Robert L.
i Rose.
j Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print-
| ing, reported the following resolutions:
! Resolved, That the Clerk of the House cause to be re-
! turned to the public printer the copies of the Report of Lieu-
tenant Abeit, Lieutenant Cook, and the Journal of Captain
I Johnson, respectively, now m the foidin,<i-ioom, in order
; that tlii'-y may not be detached from the document ordered
! to be printed by this House.
j Re^Ave;!, That Executive document No. 41, as ordered
! to(be printed by the House, bpms* the Report ot Lieutenant
■ Colonel Emoty, Lieutenant Cook, and the Journal of Cap-
I tain Johnson, be bound togethei in one volume, and that
i the Committee on Account-? be, and thev are hereby, autho-
< rized to contract for Liie binding of the same.
Mr. McLANE desired to know whether that
resolution proposed to bind the report of Lieuten-
i ant Emory together with the other reports? If so,
he objected to the resolution.
: The SPEAKER said the resolution was in order,
i and the question was on its adoption.
1 Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, and other gentle-
j men called for the reading of the resolution; which
| was a ain read.
; Mr. McLANE said he hoped this House would
; not adopt the resolution. The three or four re-
| ports named therein, if bound together, would con-
| slitute a book of some 600 or 700 pages; and bound
, in the manner in which the Patent Office report
' had been, gentlemen could understand at once that
! the book would go to pieces almost in transportation
| in the mail, but it would certainly go to pieces be-
' fore it could be read by any of our fellow-citizens
! to whom it should be sent. The report of Lieu-
5 tenant Emory was a report of a totally different
i character from any of the others. It was a scien-
! tific work; a work full of the most abstruse, scien-
i tific calculations and observations. Honorable
; gentlemen would find it their pleasure to distribute
i this work to a different class of citizens from those
to whom they would send the geographical report
: of Captain Johnson. The report of Captain John-
' son was an interesting memoir of his march fol-
lowing the army; that of Captain Cook was of a
military character; that of Lieutenant Emory was
1 the report of a topographical officer, especially as-
> signed to his duty as such. Nov;, he submitted
; whether this House would send forth this report
; to the country, mixed up with some half dozen
; geographical'memoirs? Would they, furthermore,
| send it out bound in this loose manner, constitu-
i ting a volume of some 600 or TOO pages? It
: would fall to pieces before it reached their constitu-
