1848.
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
eints. For his part, he should deeply regret any
euch action.
Mr. COGGER, said the history of the matter
was simply this : The reports of Lieutenants Em-
ory, Abert, and Cook, and the journal of Captain*
Johnson, were all sent m together to this House
from the War Department, and were ordered to
be printed by this House as one and the same doc-
ument. If they did not treat of one and the sam<5
subject, their subjects were at least so similar in
their nature as to make it very proper, in the esti-
mation of this House, as well as of the Committee
on Printing, to have them so printed. It was suf-
ficient to say, that according to the order of this
House, they had been printed together as one doc-
ument. A resolution had been adopted by this
House at the last session, authorizing the Clerk of
this House to contract for the binding of that doc-
ument. Without any other direction or order of
this House, the Clerk of the House had taken it
upon himself to cause the reports of Lieutenants !
Abert and Cook and the journal of Captain John- [
son, to be detached from the report of Lieutenant j
Emory, and sent into the document room, to be j
laid upon the desks of members. This action, in !
the estimation of the Committee otj Printing, was i
opposed not only to the direction and order of the
House, as made in the adoption of the report of
the Committee on Printing authorizing the print-
ing of 10,008 extra copies of this work, but was
also opposed to the order of this House, in the
adoption of the resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, authorizing the binding of
this document. For himself, he saw no warrant
for the Clerk having ordered the reports he'had
named to be detached from the report of Lieuten-
' ant Emory, and placed upon the desks for distri-
bution. The House had authorized the printing
and binding of these reports as one document.
He had before him the reports of Lieutenants
Abert, Cook, and Captain Johnson, which made
but a small portion of the work as ordered printed;
and the document*(as stitched together by the
direction of-the Clerk of the House) commenced
with page 423. He undertook to say that the
Clerk would have as much authority to detach and
print separately a part of the President's annual
message and accompanying documents. For him-
self, he regarded this as a matter of some import-
ance, and it was no objection m his mind, that the
document, when bound together, made a large
volume. Altogether, it only comprised six hun-
dred and fourteen pages—a document not too large
to be bound up in one and the same volume.
Mr. EROWN, of Pennsylvania, said, the gentle-
man from New York had informed this House that
the document would contain only 614 pages; but he
had neglected to tell them thatthere were two very
large maps accompanying, which would be very
cumbersome if the work was bound in one volume.
He was satisfied if it was bound altogether, and
in the quality of binding proposed, it would not
hold together at all; but by taking the reports as
stitched together undei the order of the Clerk—
by taking the reports of Lieutenants Abert and
Cook; and the journal of Captain Johnson, and
binding with them the map of Lieutenant Fremont,
it would make a very respectable voiume; and the
report of Lieutenant Emory, with-a map, would
also be a very sizable volume. He was satisfied
they should be bound in two volumes, and that
there should be added thereto the last report and
the map of Colonel Fremont.
He moved to amend the resolution, as tallows:
Strike out all after the word " resolved," and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
" That the report of Lieutenant Kmorj, with the aocom-
panj mi? maps, he bound m one volume, ami that The it poi
of Lieutenant Abert, of Lieutenant Cook, and Captain JoiMi- j
son. together with a like number ot the last report of Lieu-
tenant Colonel i-'iemont, with the accompanjinsj maps or-
deied by tin* Senate, be bound together in one. volume aN.o;
ami The Committee on Accounts be, and thev are heiehy.
anthonzed aud instructed to contract lor the binding ioi the
same.51
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said, that if the
House determined to bind the reports of Major
Emory, and of Lieutenant Abert, Lieutenant Col-
onel Cook, and Captain Johnson, m one volume,
it would have to order the binding to be done in a
much firmer and stronger manner than- that in
which the report of Major Emory was now exe-
cuted; that binding, from the very small sum paid,
was very badly done, in fact only pasted, and the
books were now dropping to pieeea; if, therefore,
the volume were swelled to six hundred pages by
the addition of the other reports and of the very
extensive maps published with document No. 4', it
would be absolutely necessary to order the binding
to be strongly executed. He thought that it would
be better to have the reports in two separate vol-
umes: this, to be sure, would disarrange thepaging,
but it would secure the books from destruction;
for if bound together in the style in which the
binding was generally executed here, the reports
would very soon effect their own separation.
Major Emory's work treated of the route to
New Mexico, and from Santa Fe, by way of the
Gila, to the Pacific; it embraced a large body of
astronomical observations, and treated, beside, of
the geology and botany of the country through
which the army of the west had passed; the lati-
tudes and longitudes of a number of important
positions had been ascertained with accuracy by
the method of lunar distances, and by chrono-
metric observations; and the book was, beside, one
of great interest.
The work of Lieutenant Abert treated of New
Mexico alone; the reports of Lieutenant Colonel
Cook and of Captain Johnson, of the route to
California, where the latter was unfortunately
killed in the battle of San Pasqual. These works
might therefore be properly bound together, or
separately, as the House pleased;'but if bound
together, Mr. E. remarked that the binding must
be ordered to be more strongly executed than had
generally been done. All these reports were highly
instructive, and gentlemen might be less properly
occupied than in their perusal.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, said he agreed
with those gentlemen who had expressed the opin-
ion that these reports should be bound separately
for distribution. The gentleman who had reported
the resolution from the Committee on Printing had
referred to the resolution which had been reported
from the Committee on Accounts, and which had
been adopted, under which Lieutenant Emory's re-
port was ordered to be bound up separately. He
read the order directing the printing, which pro-
vided that " 10,000 copies of each of said reports
be printed for the use of the House." The gen-
tleman from New York had said that these reports
had been ordered to be printed together. He (Mr
K.) had never so understood it, and he believed
the Com-mittee on Accounts, who reported the
resolution for binding, only understood that Lieu-
tenant Emory's report was to be bound; and,under
the direction of the Committee on Accounts, the
Clerk had ordered the* binding of Lieutenant
Emory's report, which was a large volume of
itself, containing maps and plates to a considerable
extent. It had not been the intention of the com-
mittee to order the binding of anything except
Lieutenant Emory's report. He desired that these
reports, which were separate and distinct reports,
which had been submitted by the War Department
as such, should be bound up or stitched in distinct
and separate document^, so that they might be
distributed throughout the country in a manner
more general and extensive than they could be if
they were bound up in one document. Besides,
! he wished the House to understand that these re-
| ports could not be bound up in one volume without
\ a good deal of delay.
i Mr. CONGER said there was a resolution pro-
! viding for the printins of a number of extra copies , JqWS-
| of Lieutenant F.Gmont's report, which had been ;! A(W Barr1 jjeale,Bcd-nger, Bo-
) referred to the Committee on Printing, and which j, jjot}g) Bojd, Bovdon, Bruijres. WiUiaat G. fitoun,
1 was still before that committee, for consideration, j; ch*rie* Kiown. Albeit GJBrovvn, B-.'^ner,Burt,Chapman,
; He hoped, therefore, that the House would not   . ~
, ; adopt the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Brown.]
< * He read the letter of the Secretary of War eov-
them
PETITIONS* ...
Petitions (the States being cailed for that pur-
pose) werept^sen^ed by Messrs. Eckert, Thomp-
son of Virginia, Morris, Morse of Louisiana,
Ficxltn* and others.
The State of Maryland being called in itsorder-^
Mr. EVANS rose and said, that be had' beef*
requested by the messengers whofrad borne to thjs
seat of the General Government the electoral votes
of the several States for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, to present a -petition,
Mr. E. was proceeding to make a remark, to tiie
effect (as the reporter understood, though hearing
very imperfectly) that if he thought there was
anything disrespectful in the petition, he should
not have offered it  ' '
"When the SPEAKER interposed and said, that
it was not in order to submit any remarks, except
by unanimous consent.
[Several calls for information as to what the pe-
tition was.]
Mr. EVANS said he would move that the peti-
tion be laid upon the table and printed.
He was proceedingtoexplam that the messengers
held a meeting here last night 
The reading of the petition was called for.
The Clerk proceeded to read it. U was signed
: by three gentlemen, and sets forth the satisfaction
| which they experienced that the law for the reduc-
j tlon of the mileage of messengers bearing electoral
j votes had been tested by experience; congratulating
Congress on the success of this example of re-
trenchment and reform, and recommending its
extension to Congress, &c., &c.
The memorial had not been read through, when
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the further reading be dispensed with.
[Ciies of <£ Let it be read."]
The reading having been concluded, and the
names read—
The SPEAX1ER stated that the question would
be on laying the petition on the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved that it be referred
to the Committee on Mileage.
The SPEAKER said that the motion to lay on
the table would be first in order.
And the question being taken, the petition was
laid on the tabic.
The question was then taken on the motion to
print, and it was rejected.
SLAVE TRADE IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. GOTT offered the following resolution, and
demanded the previous question thereon:
" Whereas the traffic now prosecuted in this metropolis of
the Republic in human beings, as chattels,,1s contrary to
natural justice and the fundamental principle? of our politi-
cal system, and is notoriously a reproach to our eoantry
throughout Christendom, and a serious tunderaiice*to the
progress of republican liberty among iho nations of the
earth : Therefetc,
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia he instructed to report a hill, as soon as practicable, pro-
hibiting tiie slave trade in said District.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. HARALSON moved that it be laid on the
table.
Mr. WENTWORTH and Mr. -GOTT de-
manded the yeas and nays, which weie ordered.
And the resolution^ having been again read—
The question on t£e motion of Mr. Haralson
was taken, and resulted—yeas 81, Lays 80, as fol-
erlng the reports in question, and trentin_
(he considered) as one document*, and he said that
when the House ordered these reports printed, it
was with the understanding that they were to
make one entire'document, and the Committee on
Printing so understood the matter. Ge.ulemen
would "also recollect, from a subsequent report
made from the Committee on Printing, that they
had been thus printed. It was now the province
of the House to decide whether they should thus
be bound also, or whether the report of Lieuten-
ant Emory should be detached from the other te-
ports, and bound separately.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to; and the
was adopted.
Chase, Franklin Clark, Beveilv L.Clarke, Howell Cobb,
Williamson 11. W. Cobo. Cocke, Cnstieiil, Ciozier, Daniel,
Douut'U, Garuett Duncan. Dunn, Alexander Evans Feather -
s-ton, Fi< Mm. Flournov. Fieneh, Fulton, Gan.es Gentry,
Gn-T ia, Gifviu Willed P. Hal!, Haralson, Haiman-ion, Har-
ris Hi!'.. George S. Houston. John W. Houston, Ciiarhs J.
; jjyrpisoU. Joseph K. In^er-ulJ, fvpr^on, Jameson. Andrew
John-on, Goo W. Jones, John W.Jones, Kenr«on,La SSre,
' Levin, Li^on, Lincoln, Lumpkin, McDowell, McLane,
: Miliar. Morehead, Morse, Outiaw, Peyton, Pil&bur>, Fies-
' ton Pa^vyer, Shepperd, Simpson, Stanton,v Stephens,
1 THb^dean*, Thomas Richard W. Thompson, Tompkins,
■ Too-jib=, Tenable, Wallace, Wiley, Williams, and v\ ood-
! W^aYBelcher, Bingham, Biackmar, Blanchaid,
i Brad" B"llo \ Canbv. Collamer, Conner, Cranston, Crow-
: <>\\ O'timRMns. Duiinur, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon. Daniel
i Duncan, EhwmK Embiee, Nathan Evan^Fauvru Fa.rrlly,
< Fisher Trie's. Giuihtisj-, Gott, Gieele\, fsd'hau K. Hall,
; Jain.-- G. Hampton,Henley, Henry. EhasB. Holme.., Hub-
1 tail Hmi-mi. Hunt, James H. Jolm-uu. IvcHo^s. Dame! P.
! Km' Xiihni, Wiiifim T Lawrence, t;iriney l.aivipnce,
Lc'f-'r Lord, jbynde, Mellvaine. Hoiaee Mann, Marsli,
esolution, as amended, fi Mir"™, Morns, Newell. Nieoll, Pdlney, Pens-lee, Peck,
ti Puttit, rolieek, P-utnam, Reynolds, iUuh^Eobtnaon, Julius
