84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21 ?
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Eose, Hoot, Kumsey, St.
John, Silvester, Slinserland, Smart, Starkweather, Charles
E. Stuart, Strobm, Strong, Tallmadge, James Thompson,
William Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Vitn Dyke, Vinton,
Warren, Wentwortb, White, Wilniot, and Wilson—85.
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be laid oh the table.
The question,then recurring on the demand for
the previous question—
Mr. VINTON rose to inquire of the Chair
whether the resolution was open to amendment?
The SPEAKER said it would be open to amend-
ment if the previous question should not be sec-
onded.
And the question being then taken by tellers
(Messrs. Root and Venable acting in that ca-
pacity) on the .demand for the previous question,
the vote stood: Ayes 85, noes 49.
So there was a second.
And the question then being, "Shall the main
question be now put?"—
Mr. FiiATHERSTON asked the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
Mr. HARALSON said, as this resolution pre-
sents an important question—more so, perhaps,
than might be supposed by some—he would move
that there be a cail of the House.
The SPEAKER said, that that motion was not
in order after the previous question had been sec-
onded.
And the question, "Shall the main question be
now taken ? was then put, and decided in the
affirmative—Teas 113, nays 63, a3 follQws:
YJSAS—Me«sis.Abbott, Ashmun, Beale, Beriinser, Belch-
er, Bingham. Blaekmar, Blanehard, Bowlin, Boyd, William
-G. Biovvn, Albert G. Browu, Burt, Can by, Cathcart, Chase,.
Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, Williamson 11. W.Cobb,
Oollamei, Conger, Cranston, Crowell, Cummins, Dickey,
Dickinson, Dixon, Daniel Duncan, Edward*, Nathan Evans,
Faran, Farreliy, Ficklui, Fisher, Fries. Giddrngs, Gott, Gree-
ley, Gregory, GnnneJJ, Hale, Nathan K. flail, Mammons,
Harman-.o , Harm, lle lrv, Henry, Eiias B. Holme*, G.
S. [ioust in, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Inge, Jameson, An-
drew Johnson, James H Johnson, George W.Jones, Kel-
logg, Kennon, Darnel P. King, Lahm, La ^ere, William T.
.Lawrence, Sidney Lawrunce, Ugon, Lord, Lynde, McClel-
land, Mellvaine, McLane, Job Mann, Horace Mann, Marsh,
Maivin, Meade, Morris, Moise, Mulhn, Newell, Falfrev,
PeaMee, Peck, Petlit, Pollock, Putnam, Reynolds, Xtobiii-
son, Borkhill, Julius Rockwell, Rose, Root, Rumsey, Saw-
yer, Siivesier, Simpson, Shngerland, Smart, Stanton, Stark-
weather, Strohm, James Thompson, Wiilnun Thompson.
Thurston, Tuck, Venable, Wallace, Warren, Wentworth,
White, Wiley, Williams, Wilson, and Woodward—313.
NAYS--Messrs. Adams, Barringer, Bocock, Botts,
Boydou, Brady. Bridue-s Buckner, Butler, Chapman, Cocke,
Crisfield, Crozser, Daniel, Dnnnell, Dunn, Embree, Alex-
ander Evans", Fe^ther^ton, Flournoy, Freedley, French,
Fulton, Games, Gentry, Gogjriu, Green, WiUard P. Hall,
Jame- C. Hampton, Hill, John W. Houston, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, John W. Jone^,. T.
Butler Kmj.', Leffler.-Lineoln, Lumpkin, Mc demand, Mc-
Dowell, Miller, i\Iorehead, Nicoll, Outlaw, Pendleton,
Peyton. PiUbury, Proton, JRichey, John A. Rockwell, Shop-
pcrd, Truman Smith, Stephens. Charles' E. Stuart, Strong,
Thihod'Mnx. Thomas. Richard W. Thompson, Tompkins,
Tooml >, V.in l)vk<", and Vinton—63.
So the House decided that the main question
should be now taken;
Which main question was on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, and Mr. "VEN-
ABLE called for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered. 1 '
Mr. DONNELL inquired of the Chair, if it
would now he m order to move that there be a
call of the House ?
The SPEAKER answered in the negative.
And the omm question, "Shall the resolution be
adopted?" was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—Yeas 98, nays §8, as follows:
YEAS—Abbott, Ashmun, B( leher, Bingham,
Blaekmar, Blanehard, Butler, Canby, Cathcart, Collamer
Conger, Cranston, Crowell, Cummins, Barling, Dickey'
Dickinson, Dixon, Daniel Duncan, Edwards, Einbree, Na-
than T'raris, Fan-in, Farrelly, Fisher, Fieedley, Fries,
Giddtns,'s. Gott, Greeley, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale, Nathan
K. Hfaii, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton. Henley,
Henry, Elias B. Holmes, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph
R. Ingoivii!, Frvin, James H. Johnson, Kellogg, Daniel P.
Nicoll, P.ditey, Pt;aslee, Peck, Pettn. Pollock, Putnam,
Reynold*, Richey, Robinson, Rockhiil, Julius Rockwell, J.
A. Rockwell, Roj*e, Root,Rumsey, St.John, Bhernll, Silves-
ter, SlinaerJand, Robert Smith, Starkweather, C. E Stuart,
Strohm, Tallmadke, James Thompson. William Thompson,
Thursmn, Tuck, Turner, Van Dyke,Vinton, Warren, Went-
worth, Whn , and Wilson—9S.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Baninger, Bea!e, Bedinaer, Bo-
cock, Botu, Bowhn, Boyd, Boydon, Bridge*, William G
Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown,"Buckner, Burt'
Chapman. Chase, Franklin Clark, Beverly L Clarke Howell
Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cocke. Ciisfield, Crozier
Daniel, Donnell, Dunn, Alexander Evans, Featherston'
Fieklin, Fioumoy, French, Fulton, Gaines, Gentry, Gog*in'
Green, WiliardP. Hall, Hammons, Haralson, Harman«on,
Harris, Hill, George S. Houston, John W. Hog&ton, Inge,
Charles J. Ingersoll, Tverson, Jameson, Andrew Johnson,
G. W. Jones, J. W. Jones, Kennon, Thomas Butler King,
La S3 re, Lisson, Lincoln, Lumpkin, MeCiernand, McDow-
ell, McLane, Meade, Miller, Morehead", Morse,.Outlaw,
PendletonxPeyton, Pilsburv, Preston, Sawyer, Shepperd,
Simpson, Smart, Stanton, Stephens, Strong, Thibodeaux,
Thomas, R. W. Thompson, Tompkins, Toombs, Vena&Te,
Wallace, Wiley, Williams, and Woodward—88.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PB-IES rose, and desired to inquire whether
there was not a rule of the House which required
every member present to vote? And he stated that
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. T. Smith,]
arrd the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Caleb B.
Smith,] were present when the roll was called, and
had not voted on the resolution which had just
been adopted. I
The SPEAKER said that there was such a rule,
hat was understood to add that there was no power
to enforce it, except by a vote of censure.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, rose to a privi-
leged question. J
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, rose and said that
ifhis name was called, he was ready to vote.
The SPEAKER send it was too late to vote, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. STUART now moved that the act by which
the resolution of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Gott] had been adopted, be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote in
the affirmative?
Mr. STUART said that he had so voted. He
proceeded to remark that he had made the motion
to reconsider from motives which he thought could
not be impugned by any gentleman on this floor.
And upon that question he begged briefly yet dis-
tinctly* to state the views which had hitherto con-
trolled, and which would continue to control, his
action upon this subject.
Mr. COLLAMER rose to a question of order
He desired to inquire of the Chair whether this
motion was now debatable?
The SPEAKER said, Clearly so.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it "debatable to-day,
without going over one day ?
The SPEAKER was understood to say that he
did not remember a case in point; but it seemed
to him to be a violation of the spirit of the rule to
debate a motion to reconsider a vote on a resolu-
tion when debate on the resolution itself would not
be in order. The Chair felt dispossd to rule,
therefore, that the motipn to reconsider should go
over until to-morrow morning, because it involved
the general merits of the resolution. If no objec-
tion was made, the gentleman would now proceed
with his remarks.
Objections were made in several quarters.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said he believed that
this question had been decided some days ago, on
a motion made by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Robinson,] to reconsider a vote upon a reso-
lution under the same circumstances.
The SPEAKER suggested that that* had been
passed over.
Mr. COBB said, it was true that a motion to re-
consider had been held to be debatable on the day
on which it had been submitted; and that, in the
case to which he had just referred, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Robinson] had taken the floor
to address the House, and that the House had, on
his motion, adjourned, so that he might speak the
next day. The motion had been made the same
day.
The SPEAKER suggested that the States had
then been called through for resolutions, and that
the motion had been made after the general busi-
ness of the House had been gone through with.
Mr. ROBINSON. I made the motion to recon-
sider upon the spot.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, wasunderstood to
suggest that the question of order had not then
been raised.
The SPEAKER said", it had not.
Mr. COBB said, he had not understood (he
! Chair as having decided the question to-day; and
J he referred to it now in order that it might be de-
j cided. He would not say that the question had
| not heretofore been distinctly made. But hitherto
| a motion to reconsider had been considered deba-
table on the same day on which the original reso-
lution had been adopted, if the motion had been
made on the same day. It was, he thought, ri«-ht
that it should be so. This iron rule compelling
members to vote at once, without consideration or
debate, had been enforced more than once upoa
this House; and he thought that a motion to re-
consider should be held debatable on the day on
which it was made, so as, in some degree, to relieve
the House from the effect of that rule.
After an inquiry by Mr. COLLAMER—
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, said that he be-
'lieved no objection had been made to his proceed-
s-
Objections were made.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said that He
had a suggestion to make, by which the necessity
of any further motion might be superseded in e
very easy manner. He proposed that every south-
ern member should withdraw from the Hall, and
leave the debate altogether.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired whether the
Speaker had decided the question of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the motion to reconsider is not debatable to-day.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I appeal from the decision.
So the Chair stated the*question to be, " Shall the
opinion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House
The yeas and nays were asked, and refused.
Some misunderstanding arose on this point. Th®
result was that tellers (Messrs. Venable and Pen-
dleton) were appointed.
The SPEAKER now said, in respect to the de-
cision which had been made, that he believed he
had uniformly decided that motions to reconsider
always followed in some degree the character of
the business to which they belonged. For exam-
pier by the rules of the House, Fridays and Sat-
urdays were s$t apart for the consideration of
private bills. If a motion to reconsider a private
bill were made on a public dayy the Chair had de-
cided that it would go over until private bill day.
Precisely in the same way with public business: if
a motion had been made to reconsider a public bill
on private bill day, the Chair had decided that the
, rule which gave preference to private business over-
ruled the motion to reconsider, and that the tlouse
must proceed with private business.
There was an express rule of the House which
provided that the Chair should call for petitions,
reports, and then resolutions, by States, and that
no resolution should be debated on the day on
which it was offered. If, therefore, a motion to
reconsider a vote by which the House had passed
a resolution, should be decided'to be debatable on
the day on which it was offered, the effect would
obviously be to interrupt every call of the States
for resolutions, and to evade the rule which de-
clared that they should not be debated.
In this view of the matter, the Chair dccided
that the motion to reconsider was not debatable
I to day; but that it must lie over^subject to debate,
j until to-morrow, as the original resolution would
| have done, if the previous question had not been
I called for.
I The question was then taken, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?
and was decided in the affirmative: Ayes 136, noes
not counted.
So it was decided that the decision of the Chair
should stand as the judgment of the House.
And, accordingly, the motion to reconsider was
laid over until to-morrow.
[But to-morrow being private bill day, the
Speaker, at a subsequent stage of the day's pro-
ceedings, stated that private business would, by
the rules, have the preference; but that it would
be for a majority of the House to decide whether
they would proceed with that order of business,
or take up the motion to reconsider.]
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
| for certain fortifications of the United States, for
| the year ending 30th of June, 3850; which was
I read twice, and committed to the Committee of the
: Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
j be printed.
i Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
! Office and Post Roads, reported the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
communicate to this House any report or letter in pos-
session from the First Assistant Postmaster General, or any
ottier officer of his department, in regard to a system of le-
duced postages.
Mr. LYNDE, from the Committee on Revedu-
