1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
tionary Claims, -made an adverse report upon the
petition of the legal representatives of Samuel
Beach; which was laid upon the table5 and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. KING* of Massachusetts,
from the same committee,
Ordered, That the'"Committee on Revolutionary Claims
fee discharged from the further consideration of the petition
of Catherine O'Neal, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut,
Ordered, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs he dis-
<*harged from the furtlier 'consideration of the mPinonal'of.
Joshua P. Powers, and that it be leferred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the Committee on
Patents, reported a bill for the relief of James
Harley, -accompanied by a report, in writing;
which was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and the bill and report or-
dered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
In pursuance of previous notice, bills were in-
troduced as follows: *
By Mr. COLLAMER: A bill for the relief of
certain settlers on the sixteenth section in town-
ship twenty-one north, range eleven east, Oua-
chita land district, Louisiana-, which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
-Lands.
■ By Mr. LAHM: A bill giving to clerks of pay-
masters in the army mileage for travel performed
m the discharge of their official duties during the
kite war with Mexico; which was read twice,and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
By Mr. HARMANSON-: A bill authorising 1
new selections of land in Itea of worthless school
sections, or sections of inferior quality, and for
other purposes; which was read twice,and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
NOTICES OP BILLS,
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
were given—
By Mr. GREGORY: A bill to prescribe the
terms of the sessions of Congress.
By Mr. WICK: A bill for the relief of Slaugh-
ton A. Fletcher.
By Mr. FEATHERSTON: A bill for the reiief
of John P. Montgomery and other soldiers in the
iate war with Mexico.
By Mr. BRIDGES: A joint resolution to con-
strue the several acts of Congress heretofore passed
for the relief of revolutionary soldiers, so as to
embrace teamsters, and other persons employed
in transporting baggage and supplies for the rev-
olutionary army.
Mr. PALFREY gave notice of his intention to
move the following amendment to the rules and
orders of the tlouse: To rule 25th, after the words
" he shall resume the next call-where he left off,"
insert as folio ws: And after the expiration of thirty
days from the reference of any subject to any com-
mittee, it shall be in order for any member or
members(of said committee to present a report or
reports upon said subject, in his or their own be-
half, whenever said committee shall be called upon
for reports: provided the majority of said com-
mittee shall have failed to offer a' report upon said
subjett.
RESOLUTIONS. :
On motion of Mr. LUMPKIN", j
Ordered, Tliat leave be granted to withdmv the papers j
relating to the claim of William Y. Hansell, \V. H. Under-
wood, and til* legal iqiresenlatives oi Samuel Rockwell,
and that tlie.v be leferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, j
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce be instructed 1
to inqiiiie as to the expediency of making an appropriation
for the improvement of Mjstie harhor, in the State of Con-
necticut, with liberty to report by bill 01 otherwise.
On motion of Mr. WHITE,
Resolved, That the Committee 011 Patents inquire into
the causes of delay at the Patent Office in examining the ;
applications of persons applying for patents, and the reasons
why the liu-iness of that department, under the additional ,
exami ners, has not been sufficiently efficient to answer the
demands of the^pu^jlic. !
On motion of Mr. HALL, of New York,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means in-
quire into the expediency of reporting a hill or joint resolu-
tion providing for the annual examination, by a committee
of Congress/of all the accounts, vouchers, and warrants
paid af the treasury of the United States during the prece-
ding fiscal year, with the view of ascertaining whether such
warrants, and the expenditures for which they were made,
were authorized by law, and whether the necessary proofs ■
to authorise the allowance of Mich account# were turnished
to the accounting officers before the drawing of &uch war-
rants.
Mr. GREELEY offered the following resolu-
tion, which was read and laid on the, table one
day, under the rule :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
hereby is, requested to communicate to this House, if such
communication be not in his judgment incompatible with
the public interes-t, the considerations of equity or public
pohcy which justify the assessment, bythe tariff of 1846, on
woollen blankets, flannels, baizes, &c., and on hempen
cables, cordage, and several other descriptions of imported
manufactures, of rates of duty fiv6 to ten per cent, lower
than are charged on the principal raw material from which
they are respectively fabricated; and if the same be not
Uhtifird as -aforeeafd, what action of Congress in relation
hereto is deemed by him desirable.
On motion of Mr, NEWELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation
to place buoys at the mouth of Toms river, and at Barnegat
Inlet, on the coast of New Jersey; and that they report by
bill or otherwise,
Mr. GOGGIN offered the following preamble
and resolution, which were read and agreed to:
Whcieas it was resolved, on the :29th of October, 1781, by
the United States of America in Congress assembled, to
erect at York, in Virginia, a marble column, "inscribed with
a succinct nairative of the surrender of Earl Cornwailis to
his Excellency -General Washington, commander-in-chief
of the combined aituies of America and France:
Resolved, therefore, That a committee of one member
from each State be appointed by the Speaker, to inquire
what steps (if any) have been taken to carry out the objects
of said lesolutions; and if the same have not been fully
accomplished, to tepoit to this House some practicable plan
or scheme tor effecting the object aforesaid, with all such
matters in relation thereto, as maybe deemed'proper by said
committee.
Mr. FLGURNOY moved the following resolu-
tion-:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of retroced-
mg to the State ot Maryland ail that portion of the District
of Columbia not occupied by the public builduigsaud public
grounds.
Mr. FLOURNOY moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider.
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to report a bill providing payment for the loss of
hoise^ by our troops engaged in the Mexican wai, under
such limitations and instructions .as they may deem proper
and expedient.
On motion of Mr. DONNELL,
Resolved, That the heirs of Captain John Slaughter have
leave to withdraw then papers from the Cleik's otfice, and
that their petition, with the accompanying papeis, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BOTTS introduced the following resolu-
tion, which lies over one day, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be dnected to furnish
to this House, a full and complete statement of the amount
of stores, arms, munitions ot war, and other property con-
nected with the Quartermaster'*, Commissary's, Ordnance,
and other department*, that have been soid during the ex-
istence and since the teimmation ot the war with Mexico;
together with the names of the purchasers and those who
conducted the sales, the amount of money realized by such
sales, and the disposition that has been made ot the same.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, by unanimous consent, j,
introduced a joint resolution to authorize the ap-jj
pointment of a geologist, to accompany the army j;
and navy officers who have been appointed,to ex- jj
amine, the coasts of California and Oregon; which [i
: was read. #
i The resolution having been read the first time—' | j
! Mr. KING said that this commission was very i|
I soon to go to California and Oregon, and it was jj
I very important that a geologist should accompany I,
,them. It was requested by the officers, and   jj
! The SPEAKER interposed, and stated that de-
: bate was not in order. , '!
i The resolution having been read a second time—
Mr. KING asked that it be put upon its pas-
! sase. j.
"The SPEAKER said the question would be on
' its third reading arid passage, if no motion to refer j
i was made. s • •.
; Mr. McCLELLAND moved to refer it to the
! Committee on Public Lands.
i Mr. KING appealed to the gentleman not to
: insist upon the reference, but allow it to be passed j
• now. 1
i Mr. McCLELLAN.D would ask the gentleman
j a question: "Whether it was not in the contempla-
! don of Congress to pass some law in regard to all
| the surveys in California?
I Mr. KING was about to reply, when—
j The SPEAKER interposed and said, if debate
j arose upon the resolution, it must take its place
;< upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. McCLELLAND (under an earnest renewal
of the request from Mr. Kmc) withdrew the mo-
tion to refer.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, however, ofejetfted
to the third reading now; and * , '
The resolution took its place on the Speakers
table. _ ^ —
On motion of Mr. EVANS, of Ohio,
Resolved, That the papers of Henry Haines, relative tofrifi
application for a.pension, be taken from the files, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pens-ions,
On motion of Mr. MORRIS,
Resolved, That the papers, in the application of Joseph
Ross for a pension, be taken from the files of this Houso,
and referred to the Commissioner of Pensions.
On motion of Mr. LA §ERE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the condition of the fund appropri-
ated on the 2d of Marc)), 1847, for the relief of srek and
disabled soldiers discharged from the service of the United
Slates, and into the propriety arid expediency of using the
Hospital erected near New Orleans, in furtherance of the
object of said appropriation, as an asylum foi disabled sol-
dieis who have been, or may be, discharged from the military
service, and of applying any unexpended-balance of the
before-mentioned appropriation to the maintenance of the
proposed asylum.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON,
Resolved,Thnt the Committee on the Judiciarvbe instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of amending the laws
providing for the naturalization of foreigners, as to autho-
rise the clerks of the proper courts to administer the oath,
and issue the final certificate of naturalization, under the
seals of such courts, during the vacation of the same.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military A flairs be iu-
structed to inquire into the expediency of giving three
months'extra pay to all non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, and privates, of the late war with Mexico, who have
received or are entitled to bounty laud.
On motion of Mr. WENT WORTH,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of erecting a suitable building for a custom-
house, Government warehouse, and a United Stat^i court
room, m the city ef Chicago.
Mr, McCLERNAND moved the following res-
olution:
Resolved. That the present traffic in the public lands
should cease, and that they should be disposed of to occu-
pants and cultivators on proper conditions, at such a price
as will nearly indemnify the cost of tiieir purchase, manage-
ment, and sale.
Mr. McCLERNAND moved the previous ques^
tion—not seconded.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, moved to lay it
on the table;
Which motion was decided in the affirmative,
by yeas and nays—yeas 104, nays 60—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, G. Adams, Barringer, Bayly,
Beale, Belcher, Blackmar, Bocock, Botts, Bovdon, Brady,
Bridge-, Wiijiam G. Brown, Buckncr, Butler, Canby, Chap-
man, Howell Cobb, Cocke, Collamei, Conger, Cranston,
Cnsfield. Crowell, Crosier, Daniel, Dixon, Donnell, Daniel
Duncan, Eckcrt, Edwards, Alexander fivans. Nathan Evans,
Farrelly, FiVber, Flournoy, FreedJev, French, Fulton,Games,
Gayle.Goggin, Gott, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale, Nathan K.
Hall, Hammons, Moses Hampton, Harris, Henry, John W 
Houston, Hubbard, Hudson. Hunt, Inge, frvin, Iverson,
James H. Johnson, Kellogg, Thomas Butler King, Daniel P.
King, William T. Lawrence, Levin, Ligon,Lofd, Lumpkin,
McDowell, Mcihaine, Job Mann, Mar-b, Marvin, Meade,
Miller, Morehead, Mulhn, NicoIL Outlaw. Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Pollock,Preston, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell,
Rumsey, Shepperd, Silvester, Shngei'and. Truman Smith,
Stephen.-, Stiolun, Stiong, TaVlor", Thomas. Richard W.
Thompson, Robert A.Thompson, Van D\ ke.Venable, Vin-
ton. Wallace, Warren, White,Wilson, and Woodward—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Bedinger, Bingham, Bowlm, Albert G.
Biown, Cathcart, Chape," Franklin Clark, Wiliiam>on R.
W. Cobb, Cummins, Darling, Kmbree, Faian, 1-Yatherston,
Fickiin, Fries, Gidding-, Green, U.eHcw Henley, Hill,
George S. Horn-ton, Charles J. Ingersoll, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W Johnson, George W. Jones Kcimon, Lahm, Sid-
ney Lawrence, Leitiei, Lincoln, Lymie, McClelland, Mc-
Clernand, Me Lane, Morns, New ell, Palfrey. Peaslee.Petrie,
Toombs, Turner, Wentworth, Wick, and Wiley—60.
And then the House adjourned.
j IN SENATE.
1 Friday, December 23, 1848.
' Mr DICKINSON presented the petition of
Ephraim F. Gilbert, of New York, praying for a
settlement of certain claims against the United
! States; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims. . .
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition <>f ^atlian
Weston, asking for additional pay, which was
!' referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
!l Mr. UNDERWOOD presented ihe petition of
!' Charles J. Burgess, asking for bounty land and
