m
tM congressional globe.
Dec, 22,
extra pay for services; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs
Qn motion of Mr. PHELPS, the petition of
Thomas Fillebrown was ordered to be taken from
the files and referred to the^Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the petition
of Archibald Williams and Charles Griffin $as
ordered to be taken from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On mbtion of Mr. METCALFE, the petition of
Sally Ross was withdrawn from the files of the
Senate.
BILL ON LEAVE. •
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, pursuant to no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
granting to the State of Louisiana acres of
land for internal improvement; which was read a
first and second time* and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Claims, reported House bill for the relief of J. B.
Smith and Simeon Darden, witk an amendment,
and asked the immediate consideration of the bill;
which was agreed to.
The bill gives $100 for the apprehension of a
' mail robber; and the amendment strikes out the
interest on th'at sum.
The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whole-, the amendment was agreed to; and the
bill, as amended, was reported to the Senate, and
read a third time and passed.
CHAIRMAN OF MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BENTON moved that he be excused from
serving as chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and, on motion of
Mr. OJX, Mr. Davis of Mississippi was ap-
pointed as chairman of said committee.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the Senate pro- ;
ceeded to consider the hill for ascertaining claims
and titles of land within the Territory of Califor-
nia and New Mexico, to grant donation lights,
and to provide for the survey of the lands therein,.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the further consid-
eration of the bill w§is postponed till Tuesday next,
and made the special order for that day.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the e.xpuiiene.) <uid propri-
ety of the ietroeess>ion of said JDistuci to the State of Mary-
land.
Mr. BREESE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved; That the Committee on the Po.-t Ofiice and Post
Road© Ue instructed to inquire into the expediency ot estab-
lishing* mail loute from Hcnnejuu, m Putnam county, Illi-
nois, to Magnolia, in the same county and State,
Mr. CLARKE introduced the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to inquire whether there has been any alteration m
our consular system hi ihe Chinese and Turkish empnesjand
also, whether any consul ofitie United Slates, or the commer-
cial house wnh which he is connected, has been, or is en-
gaged in any trade, in violation of the laws of said empires;
with power to send for persons and papers,and report by"
bill orothenvi>-e.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, submitted the
following resolution; which lies over under the
rule: I
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re- i
quested to furnish the Senate with a copy of an olllcial de- j
spatch from Mr Wheaton to the Secretary of State, dated at
.Berlin, the 17th December, 1645. concerning a communica-
tion betw een the Atlantic and i'aeihe Oceans, and the Medi-
teiranean Sea, with s<ucii map or maps as accompanied the
same.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT,
Ordered, That* the Secretary of the Senate cause each of
Ihe newspapeis that have contracted to publish the debates
of the Senate, to be lut:n>bcd with a cop^ ot the document
printed for lite use ot the Senate.
On motion",
it adjourn to
reached the Senate. He did not see the chairman
of the committee in his seat, hut he hoped some
member of the committee was present who might
be able to give the information he asked for.'
No answer was made to the interrogatory.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Reuben Perry and Thomas Ligon; which was
reported to the Senate without amendment.
The bill was then ordered to ft third leading,
and was read a third tims and passed.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
for the relief of John P. Baldwin; when—
Mr. WESTCOTT moved that its further con-
sideration be postponed until to-morrow; which
motion was agieed to.
Mr. COR WIN. „ Mr. President, there was a
motion made yesterday to transfer the bill for the
relief of Cadwalader Wallace to the'general calen-
dar. I move that the Senate now reconsider the
vote taken on that subject.
' The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. CORWIN. The bill now stands on the
warrants had proceeded to make their locations ort
that good land without law. These locations were
afterwards legalized. They have continued from
1790, and have been going on even down to the
present time. In 1802 a law was passed—indeed
previous to that time a law was passed by Con-
gress—authorizing the survey and sale of the Con-
gress lands in the State of Ohio. The public lands
in the Northwestern Territory were called Congress
lands, to distinguish them from the military lands.
Now, in opening the surveys of these Congress
Jands, it was necessary to ascertain the boundary
between them and this Virginia reservation. To
that end, in the year 1802, the Executive Govern-
ment here authorized a surveyor by the name of
Ludlow, well known in this country, to run a
direct line distinguishing the boundary of this
reservation.
In discharging the duties of this corn mission, Mr.
Ludlow first ascertained the source of the Little
Miami river, and from thence he undertook to rim
a straight line to what was by him supposed to be
the source of the Sciott) river, which line, if it
had been accomplished, would have been the true
boundary. He proceeded, however, only abouS
calendar as a proposition lying on the table. I jj forty miles, for, upon reaching the Indian country,
move that the bill be taken up for consideration.
The motion prevailed.
Mr. COR.WIN. 1 merely wish, at this time, to
call the attention of the Senate to this bill. 1 do
not propose to take up the subject for final action
to-day, for I am aware, that when the Senate shall
come to look into it, there is likely to be found, m
; he was stopped by a tribe of Indians who would
| not allow him to proceed, and, consequently, he
i never found the souice of the Scioto. However,
j Mr. Ludlow returned his survey, thus half finished,
! as furnishing the boundary of the reservation, to
j the Surveyor General's office, and upon the basis
of this survey the Government proceeded to au-
ccrtain quarters, some opposition to its passage; |i thorize the survey and sale of Congress lands in
especially if it should be taken .up and pressed to j} that region. Afterwards, it was found out that
its passage without a full and fair consideration of || this line went too far to the eastward; and, if carried
the subject, and of the report of the committee out, would strike the Seroto river a considerable
made at the last session, which discloses, to some ! distance below its source. Of course, this line "
extent, the ground on which the bill proceeds. I ' could not be the true boundary. But the reserva-
move now, Mr. President, to make this_ bill the |i tion of the country between these two rivers being
special order for Thursday next, which I believe
is the day set ap4rt for the consideration of private
bills.
Mr. KING. Why then make it aspecial order?
Mr. COIIWIN. Before the question is taken
upon this motion I beg leave to refer the Senate
to one or two general propositions which, deter-
mined affirmatively, will insure the passage of the
bill. But if the Senate take an adverse view of
the matter, it will have to undergo, perhaps, an
elaborate discussion before the Senate will Be able
to decide upon it.
This is a claim for seventy-five thousand dollars,
founded upon a land claim in the survey of what
is called the Virginia military lauds, or the Vir-
ginia reservation, in the State of Ohio. JNow, 1
; hope that such Senators as are desirous of giving
| an intelligent vote upon this bill, (as all doubtless
j are,) will lake the trouble to look into the report
! which has been made upon the subject, and ac-
l quaint themselves with the facts upon which this
| claim is predicated. I will refer to but one or two I
j facts at present, which involve considerations such !
■ as I think ought to influence every mmd. 1
We ail know, in the year 1784 the State of Vir- j
gtnia, in compliance with a resolution passed by i
Congress at the time, transferred her right to the f
whole Northwestern Territory to the United States.
a. matter of compact between the United Statesand
I Virginia, it is obvious that neither party, without
1 the consent of the other, could settle what should
; be the true boundary. Congress, therefore, in the
! year 1804, passed a law proposing that this line
of Ludlow's should be extended, in the direction
already taken, to the Scioto river; and if within two
years from the passage of this act Virginia shoulti
consent, it should be held and recognized as the
boundary of the Virginia military reservation—
thus recognizing on the part of Virginia her concur-
rent right to establish tliis line. But Virginia gave
i no consent.
! I will here remark that on a subsequent occasion,
j a judicial decision was had upon the conflicting
claims arising out of this state of things, arid the
j question being brought before the Supreme Court,
it was held and decided in two cas® that neither
I of these parties—the United States or the State
! of Virginia'—could settle this boundary without the
i consent of the other. Some time afterwards, in
! 1812, a proposition was made in Congress, and a
joint resolution or act passed, authorizing the ap-
pointment of three commissioners on the part of
the United States, to act with such commissioners
as might be appointed on the part of the State of
Virginia, to ascertain and mark this boundary.
This proposition was accepted by Virginia; but
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns
meet on Tuesday next.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.
Mr. ALLEN rose to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Printing when it wa3 expected that
the Senate would be able to get any of the reports
of the departments from the public printer? It
was now the close of the third week of the session,
and not a cony of cither of these reports had
I should state, however, that, about the year 1789, j the commissioners on the part of the General Gov-
tUr, Un~ v~'1, ■] em-merit and those on the part of Virginia could
I not agree upon the principle upon which the bound-
\ ary should be settled, and Consequently they made
| no joint report. But the commissioners on the
i part of the Genera! Government employed a sur-
i veyor, by the name of Roberts, to run a line from
the source of the Little Miami to the source of the
' Scioto, which line the Supreme Court, in the two
! cases to which I have adverted, decided to be the
true boundary, Congress in the mean time had
l surveyed and sold lands by the Ludlow line, which
t the Supreme Court had decided to be within the
! Virginia leservation. So matters stood until Mr.
j Cadwalader Wallace, the holder of certain mili-
; tary warrants located between these lines, brought
an action against landholders under the General
1 Government for the possession of his claim under
j his warrants. This gentleman (Mr. Wallace) was
; a surveyor in that country, and held a large num-
| ber of military warrants located upon lands lying
1 between the two lines of Roberts and Ludlow, and
! which the Supreme Court had decided to be within
' the Virginia reservation. But as Congress had
the State of Virginia proposed to give to her mili
tary officers and soldiers a certain amount of bounty
land. There were two sorts of troops included in
this grant—what was called the Continental estab-
lishment and the Virginia State line. They set
apart lands in the State of Kentucky, which be-
longed to them, for the satisfaction, at first, of
these claims. Subsequently it was found out that
there was not good land enough reserved in Ken-
tucky to satisfy these claims; and, at the time
jj when this deed of cession was made, in 3784, it
was- prescribed in that deed that all the countiy
between the Little Miami and Scioto riVcrs, in the
State of Ohio should be reserved for the satisfac-
tion of the bounty land claims due to officers and
soldiers of the Virginia State line and the Con-
tinental establishment if the lands reserved in
Kentucky should prove insufficient. In the year
1790, as any one' may see by reference to the Uni-
ted States laws, Congress passed an act recognizing
the fact that the good lands reserved in Kentucky
had failed to satisfy these claims, and authorizing
the holders of warrants to locate them on the reser-
yation in Ohio, between these two rivers. Prior |l sold these lan*ds7the authorises here"at'Wa7hing-
to that time, however, some of the holders of these jj ton refused to give Wallace a title to them. The
