00
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
the bill ought to pass. It is true, we do not know
what may be the value of these lands hereafter;
but we know this, that the lands proposed to be
ceded, the everglades, are now totally worthless to
the United States. The fact mentioned by" the
gentleman from Florida, that a large portion of the
land has been surveyed, and that out of more than
a million of acres not more than one hundred and
thirty-six have been sold, is sufficient to prove
that they are totally worthless. Now, when this
fact is ascertained, I think that, in regard to the
lands in Florida, as in regard to those in every
other State, the Government of the United States
ought not to hesitate a moment. It is a feeling
"which is very prevalent in all the new States, that
the holding over for a great length of time of the
public domain in those new States, is a diminution
of the power and resources of those States.
'The question has sometimeskeen raised whether
the Government of the United States could hold
the public land unsold in this way at all. Of its
power to do so I have no doubt, but all admit that
it is an interference with the authority and re-
sources of a State to hold large bodies of public
land within it which are not available either for the
putposesof the General Government, or for the
use of the State. Now, here is a very large por-
tion of territory, not less than one-eighth of the
State of Florida, that is totally worthless both to
that State and the General Government. The
State thinks that she can make these lands avail-
able; that she can, instead of permitting them to
remain a desert, where a human being can scarcely
penetrate either by land or by water, make them
available. I think, then, it is one of those cases
in which, the fact which I have stated being satis-
factorily ascertained, there ought to be no hesitation
in ceding the land to the Suite even without con-
ditions. But the gentleman from Kentucky thinks
that a better-system might be adopted, and that (I
believe his amendment embraces this proposition)
the improvement should be made by the United
States Government, and that it is important as a
part of the system that the most that can be made
from the lands should be made by the Government
of the United States, and that the proceeds should
be distributed among the several States. These
are his ideas, if I rightly understood the gentle-
man's remarks. Now, 1 cannot concur in opiniou
with him. Apart from the general principle that
the United States Government has no right to
make improvements such as these, it would be un-
equal and unjust to make such improvements at
the common expense.
In Louisiana one-third of the waste lands have
been reclaimed at her own expense. It is certainly
neither fair nor just nor equal towards the State of
Louisiana, where the value of her lands have been
immensely increased by her own resources, that
that incteased value should be made a common
fund to be distributed among the States. A large
portion of the alluvial land in the State of Missis-
sippi has been reclaimed by individuals. Are we
to take those improvements, or their value, and
make it a common fund to be distributedi 1 thmk
not. I do not think it would be just or reason-
able, and I trust it wiil never be attempted to be
carried into effect. When such attempt is made,
if I should have the honor of having a seat here,
I shall certainly insist that Louisiana and the other
States where those improvements have been made
shall first be reimbursed. But a more equitable,
reasonable, and propor course is, in accordance
with the proposition contained in this bill, and one
submitted by a Senator from Arkansas at the last
session, (which I hope will come up again,) to
make something of these lands if you can, and to
provide that they shall remain no longer than is
absolutely necessary in a condition m which they
are utterly unprofitable to the State or to the Gen-
eral Government. If the Senator from Kentucky
continues to press his motion, I shall feel it my
duty to vote against the amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. ' I will only remark that
I did not allude to my policy in reference to the
distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands as having an immediate bearing upon
this bill or upon the adoption or rejection of my
amendment. I stated the policy, to be sure, to
which I was attached, to show that I wanted to
get rid of the system of the administration of the
public lands which now prevails. But this amend-
ment of mine does not propose now to distribute
the proceeds of the public lands. If my amend-
ment be adopted it does not touch that question.
AJ1 that it proposes to accomplish is to get certain
information which I think we do not now possess.
All that my amendment seeks to do is to employ
the officers of the topographical corps in obtaining
for us the information that we desire; that is all;
and the simple question upon the amendment is,
whether the Senate prefers by a little delay to get
more information, or to give away at once seven
million eight hundred thousand acres of land.
Mr. WiiSTCOTT. Seven million eight hun-
dred thousand acres of land and water! Four
million three hundred thousand acres of it is alto-
gether valueless.
' Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office, in his report to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, states as follows:
" TJiat the greater part of the peninsula below this line,
between townships thirty-six and thirty-seven, and which
it is pioposed by the bill now belbre the Committee on the
Public Latvts of the Senate (which bill has been submitted
to me by Messrs. Westeott and Cabell, of said State) to be
cfded to the State of Florida, being unsurveyed, and thtre
not being any nautical surveys ot tile western eoast below
Tampa in tins office, an apptoximate estimate only can be
made ot the area of the peninsula and keys, including the
lauds and interior waters south of said hne, and excluding
the islands and keys south and east of Cape Sable. It is
supposed, hnwevei, that such area mav be staled at about
seven millions eight hunored thousand aeies of land and
water. Ot this aggregate area it is estimated that there is
always covered with water about four millions three hun-
dred thousand acres. This estimate includes the rivers,
lagoons, sounds, and Okeechobee and other lakes south of
said hue that it is not proposed to dram and cannot be
drained. It include.*-, also, the swamps and ail those por-
tions ot countiy comprising parts of the legion called the
everglades, tile greater part of which it is not supposed can
be reclaimed."
Mr WESTCOTT. It has never been contem-
plated to attempt reclaiming the lagoons. It is
supposed, however, that the everglades may be
drained.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. When I speak of seven
millions eight hundred thousand acres as being
the quantity of land to be given to the State, 1 do
not mean to convey the idea that every foot of that
land can he drained and made useful. A great
portion of the lagoons and lakes, I admit, can
never be drained, but that is the whole amount
ceded by the provisions of this bill—waterland,
swamp, and all. Well, the question comes up
between the provisions of the bill and the amend-
ment. Will you wait for more information? Will
you employ the Topographical Bureau to get that
information > or are gentlemen satisfied now to
make this large grant upon the information they
have? If they are, let them do so. All that 1 can
say is, that notwithstanding the confidence of the
gentleman from Florida in those offie'ers who may
be employed by the State, he must excuse me if I
have more confidence in the officers of the Topo- ,
graphical Corps than I have in any gentlemen i
who may be selected for the occasion. This being -
a short session, if the bill be passed with the j
amendment which I propose, it cannot, I presume, !
delay our progress very much. We will be in
possession of the requisite information by the time :
of the next meeting of Congress. But let this bill '
pass as it now stands, and it cannot but be evident
that it will be the entering wedge for other grants ■
of a similar kind. My honorable friend from j
Louisiana will assuredly come forward with an !
application, and I shall certainly vote for his bill j
as readily as for this one, that all may stand upon J)
equal ground. I will assure my honorable friend jj
fiom Florida that I shall not be opposed to ceding
lands of this description to the States in which
they lie; but let us first have a report from the j'
Topographical Bureau. I believe there are within ij
the Yacco Points hundreds of thousands of acres j|
that might be drained. I lay down the proposi- |l
tion, however, that if Congress will do nothing in jj
reference to the improvement of these lands, it is ij
the duty of the Government to surrender them to ji
the States rather than leave them in their present !j
condition. All that I 'ask is, that legislation be !|
deferred until the report comes in, and 1 have no j
doubt it will be of such a character as to induce !:
Congress either to undertake the woik or to cede !j
the land to the State without any longer hesita- j}
tion. - | j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. As regards the j|
suggestion made by the Senator from Kentucky, \\
that the United States should retain these lands j!
and endeavor to render them saleable; as the sub- ;;
ject is connected in some degree with the present ij
condition of a part of the public lands in Louisiana jj
and other States, I wish to m^ke a single remark.
As far as regards this Government attempting to
improve those lands, I consider it utteily out of
the question. There has not been n. single instance
since the formation of the Government, of the Uni-
ted States adopting a measure of that kind. I recol-
lecta proposition being made on behalf ofLouisiana
some ten or twelve years ago, and strong argu-
ments used to induce Congress to cut a canal for
the purpose of reclaiming some of the lands in that
Suite, and it was made manifest that it would have
reclaimed'avfcry large extent of country, and would
have brought a large sum into the treasury of the
the United States. The proposition was hooted
at; and a very distinguished member of- the Gov-
ernment was the first to oppose it. The United
States Government never has listened, and never
will listen, to a scheme for the purpose of accom-
plishing: a work of internal improvement. #
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will my honorable friend
allow me to make a single remark ? It is this: If
you will look into the reports made by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, upon applications by
which it is proposed to obtain a cession of land
for the purpose of constructing raihoads in Illinois
and in other States, you will find that in all those
reports the principle upon which the cession is
sought to be justified is, that it would render the
lands still retained by the Government so much the
more valuable. Now, if the Government can give
to a State or a company a portion of the public
domain, in order to render that which is reserved
the more valuable, I ask my friend why may not
the Government accomplish the same object di-
rectly, by opening a canal or otherwise draining
the land, for the purpose of making the whole so
much the more valuable? That is the principle
lunning through all these cases.
Mr. JOHNSON. The works to which the hon-
orable Senator alludes are works performed by the
States,-'not by the General Government. It is true
that making these donations for these purposes
will have the effect of rendering the remainder of
the larads more valuable, but that was not the ob-
ject. The object was to enable the State to perform
a great work—a work important ;not only to the
State itself, but to the whole nation. This is the
purpose for which these grants were made.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the Senator pardon
me? The principle upon which the grants, were
made was, as I have stated, with reference to one
side of the House. If I understand the matter
correctly, the Democratic members put it upon the
ground that it tended to make the remaining lands
so much the more valuable, while the other party
contended for the making of the improvement
directly by the General Government; and my argu-
ment was to show thatif a portion might be granted
for the purpose of making the remainder more val-
uable. the General Government might, by under-
taking the work, make the whole valuable.
Mr. JOHNSON. A question of that sort arose
after the acquisition of Louisiana; and in a discus-
sion it was contended by an honorable Senator
from Virginia and others that it was incompatible
with the interests of the other States. There were
complaints from different States against the United
States for retaining the public lands in its posses-
sion when they might have been disposed of ad-
vantageously. I have not gone to that, extent,
though representing a southern State. I have been
willing to give a sufficient time for their dis*
posai, but there should^be a Ihryt to that time. I
should be glad to know~what length of time would
be necessary. It is forty-five years now since
Louisiana was acquired. Some portions of the
State have been oveiilowed from the Mississippi.
To reclaim these lands a large outlay in the con-
struction of levees and otherwise would be re-
quired. Some of them never have been reclaimed.
Congress have been appealed to, year after year,
to make the necessary works to reclaim them, or
else to cede them to the States. But they have
uniformly refused to do either. Proposition after
proposition has been made to this Government to
take measures for rendering these lands available,
but such propositions have always been rejected.
It is utterly out of the question, then, I conceive,
that the Government of the United States should
ever think of adopting a system of internal im-
provement within the limits of the Slates; and I
concur entirely with the Senator from Florida,
that if they should attempt to do it, it can
never be effected as well by the General Gov-
