1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would have it modified, so that the Clerk of this
House should take these books and send them to
the places of residence of gentlemen who were to
receive them; and let them have an end of voting
away, over and over again, the same,books. He
was convinced that these books had been taken by
members, bought from them for a very few dol-
lars by the booksellers in the city, and furnished
by them again, to supply the new orders of the
House.
Mr. HUNT? begged that the gentleman would
not make a charge of that kind without bringing
forward some satisfactory evidence to sustain
N Mr. WENTWORTH said he had given his
authority and his evidence.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, said he could
give a fact bearing upon the question. He had
received a letter at home from some of the book-
sellers in the city, offering for these State papers a
sum which was a good deal less than one-third the
sum charged by them when furnished -by them to
the House under its order.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he wished newmem-
bers to understand that he was not embaYrassmg
their proposition at all. He was not going to op-
pose it, and they need not be alarmed. He had
got the books himself, and he was ready to vote
them for gentlemen who had not received them;
but there should bean end of this "system some-
where, and he was honestly of opinion that if the
books no w distributed could be sent outof the city
and kept out, future orders (if the House should
make any) could not be supplied, and hundreds
'and thousands of dollars would be saved to the
Government.
Mr. McLANE wished the opportunity to say
that he was opposed to the report of the commit-
tee and to the lesolution, and hoped they would
be laid on the table. He thought the Clerk of the
Hous^, in the exercise of his own sound discre-
tion, \Vould be under obligation to see that books
were not purchased from former members.
Mr. WENTWORTH (continuing) said there
were older heads'in the matter in this District than
any gentleman on this floor. The House had
guarded the resolution every year, and he hefieved
sometwo or three years since they had a committee
to investigate this subject; but it had ended in
nothing. The books were given to members; when
they went away, it was optional for them to 'take
them or sell them.. There was no" doubt but the
books had been sold; but when they voted these
books to members of Congress, for the benefit of
their districts, their schools, their libraries, &c.,
(for such were" the usual pretexts brought up to
"justify the vote,) they should "go there—they should
be taken from here; and, he believed, if members
of Congress should take the books home which
they would get under this resolution, there would
never any more be found in the District.
[Great sensation, and cries of " Name them. ]
He wished the Clerk to draw up an amendment
which he would offeis providing that the Clerk
should see that these books were taken to the
respective residences of the members of Congress
receiving them. It might cost a little for transport-
ation, but it would save the Government thousands
of dollars.
Mr. McLANE said he was opposed to the adop-
tion of the report and of the resolution. He did j
not mean to indulge in speculations as to the course
of honorable gentlemen in relation to this matter !
who had been members of preceding Congresses. '
There could be no doubt at all that this Congress,
when they had adopted the resolution at the last
session providing for these books, intended m good
faith to receive all the books which were at the
command of the Clerk; and that no gentleman
supposed he would receive the books which some
other member had received and sold. Now, if he
understood this report and resolution, it was sub-
stantially to enable the Clerk of the House to ob-
tain-, by indirection, the books which had been fur-
nished to members of preceding Congresses, and
by them sold, and which had found their way into
' the hands of booksellers in this city. This was
undoubtedly the substantial effect of this resolu-
tion. He was opposed to it. If it was not passed,
he supposed he should receive, as a lnetnbei of
this Congress, all the books ordered by the reso-
lution of the last session which the Clerk could
obtain in good faith without reprinting, without
^purchasing from former members. These books,
he supposed, were now ready for delivery.- And
he supposed that those books which tne Clerk
could not obtain without a violation of his duty,
he would not receive. He hoped the House would j
either lay the report and resolution on the table,
and leave the Clerk, on his own responsibility and
character as a public officer, to execute the original
resolution, or that they would refer this whole
subject to a committee of this House; Now, as a
member of this House, he was unwilling, after the
statement of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wentworth,J to receive these additional books,
in the face of the communication of the Clerk of this
House that he could not obtain them except by
contract with the booksellers, and of the statement
made by a member of this House, that the book- :
sellers got them from members. He was disinclined ,
to receive them. He did not want the gentleman
from Illinois to designate the names of members
who had sold their books; he should not be called
on to do so. It was enough for him (Mr. McL.)
to know tha- it was within the knowledge of the
gentleman that that was the mode and manner in
which the booksellers got these books.
He repeated that they, as mem bers of this House,
knew that the Clerk was ready to deliver all that
could be obtained in good faith; and he submitted
that they should adopt no additional resolution to
enable the Clerk of the House to obtain, by indi-
rection, what no gentleman on this floor would ob- ;
tain by direction. |
He moved to lay the report and resolution on j
the table. He however withdrew the motion at |
the request of—
Mr. BOTTS, who, remarking that he had no [
desire to occupy the attention of the House for
one moment, said he had offered this resolutfon at
the last session of Congress, to furnish members
of the House with books; and he simply desired
to state the circumstances under which he had
moved it. Having been a member here several
sessions before, he had himself received all these
books, and he had them now in his library at ;
home. That resolution had been drawn up from j
the Journal of some preceding session, and was, ;
he believed, a verbatim copy of some previous res- i
olution of this character; and it had been brought 1
to him at his desk, and he had been earnestly so- [
licited, by a number of gentlemen who had not ;
received these books, as an older member of the j
House, and as one who had received these books, 1
to present this resolution. Being disposed to ex- \
tend to gentlemen the same liberality [as on a j
former occasion had been extended to him, he !
had presented the resolution, without any knowl-
edge as to the mode by which these books had ;
been obtained; and he was rather disposed to thmk j
that some of these gentlemen who had been so j
urgent in requesting him to offer the resolution
voted against it on the yeas and nays. LA laugh.]
That was their look-out, however.
He had simply desired to state the circumstan-
ces under which he had offered the resolution at
the last session, to acquit himself from any parti-
cipation lit any such arrangement as was stated to
have existed, and to state, at the same time, that the
books which he had received, he had at home in j
his library. _
In compliance with his piedge to Mr. McLiANE,
he concluded by renewing the motion to lay on
the table. .
Mr. McLANE, at the earnest request of Mr.
Cocke, and on pledge of its renewal, again with-
' drew the motion to lay on the table. , . . .
i Mr. COCKE stud, he thought it was high time
| for the House of Representatives to tut a then*
i attention to this system of purchasing books for
i members of Congiess. He thought that the great-
! est frauds and tlie most outrageous transactions
! had been carried on under this system, of which
! the House had no conception at all. He thought
I it was wrong, and grossly wrong, and the less the
I matter was stirred by the House, the better, he
i had no doubt, it would be lor gentlemen on this
' floor bet'oie their constituents. The people knew
:! nothing about this matter, about what had been
: the secret working of this system heretofore. He
>i would pledge himself, if this House would give him
;i a committee, to examine into the proceedings and
bring to light the histoiy of this system ot pur-
ij chasing books. What had been tiie tacts.' Did
'! not the Clerk of the House tell them that the edi-
■! tions of these books had been exhausted that the
1! publishers of them had not had copies for years,
and that [they had only sold them to Congress?
How, then, did the booksellers get them into their
possession ? How could they, except by purchas-
ing them from gentlemen who had heretofore been
members of this House? What had been the his-
tory of the matter heretofore? Why, the House
of Representatives had passed resolutionsgiving—
Mr. TURNER here interposed and begged to
inquire of the gentleman from Tennessee whether
he himself had got. these books?
JHr. COCKE would respond to the gentleman
with great pleasure. He had received these books,
and they were at his residence.
He wanted the country to see the manner in
which the system had worked. How had it been ?
Why, gentlemen who were entitled to receive these
books under the resolutions which had oeen passed
from time to time, would go down to the bookseller
in the city of Washington, who had, or who pro-
fessed to have these books for sale,(and it frequently
happened that they had none of them,) and instead
of actually getting the books, would receive from
the bookseller $150 or $200, and execute a receipt
in satisfaction of his claim for books under the reso-
lution of the House; the bookseller would present
this receipt to the Clerk of the House, and receive
some $700 or $800, without a book being produced
or received. Why, it would be far belter at once
to give the member who desired to engage in this
speculation his $150 or $200; and the Government
would save the §500 or $600 which the bookseller
put into his pocket by it.
He was opposed to the whole system; and if
the country could know the manner m which it
worked, no member would dare go before his con-
stituents and support it.
He would pledge himself before this House, if
the House would just institute a committee, to
expose and bring this whole matter to light.
[Some gentlemen suggested that there had been
a committee raised during the last Congress on
this question.]
It was true (said Mr. C.) that a committee was
raised during the last Congress, with power to
send for persons and papers, and inquire whether
members of preceding Congresses had sold their
books, and as to the manner in which they were
furnished to the House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, (in his seat.)' What
was the report of that committee?
Mr. COCKE. They never reported at all.
Mr. COBB said he did not know whether that
committee made a report; but the result of their
investigation, he believed, was to furnish them-
selves with books. [Laughter.]
Mr. COCKE replied, that the result of their in-
vestigation was, that it was best to say as little as
possible—to keep the whole thing from the country.
In conclusion, in compliance with his pledge, he
moved to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. TURNER hoped the gentleman would
withdraw the motion, as he wished to say a few
words.
Mr. COCKE declined to do so, not feeling him-
self at liberty, having been enabled to speak him-
self only by the courtesy of Mr. Botts, and that
under pledge to renew the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the*yeas
and nays on the motion to lay on the table; which
i were refused, only six gentlemen rising to order
i,them.
The question was then taken without a division,
and the House refused to lay the report and reso-
lution on the table.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Embref.—
Mr GIDDINGS said he wished to detain the
House but a moment. He had received these
books as a member of a former Congress; they
were now at his home, and 'at the service of hia
constituents; and he hesitated not to say, l)e would
as soon sell his own fair fame as to dispose of these
books. No man could take them from his con-
! stituents. They had been received by him as a
' trustee, for the benefit of those whom he repre-
sented; they were held by him as such. From all
parts of his district his constituents came to get
information from them. Now, so far from laying
this subject on the table, he was prepared at once
to vote to go to the expense of printing new edi-
tions, if necessary, of,all these works, to be dis-
tributed among the people of the United States.
He believed it was a far higher duty to send out
this information to the people than it was to enter
