100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
an Indiscriminate allowance of cfaims of this kind
would be highly improper; but we have here a case
which is not without the support of precedent,
and which is sustained by abundant testimony rn
regard to the fact of the service having been ren-
dered.
Mr. NILES. I think the main point to be de-
termined is, whether we will recognize the service
and make it regular. One thing is certain, .which
is, that the service was recognized by General
Hull. The individual was not regularly in the
service of the United States, and the whole matter
turns upon the point as to whether we will over-
look the informality, and regard the service as reg-
ular. It is clearly contrary to usage for a com-
manding general to call citizens into his service as
aids. But there is another fact in this case which
should not be overlooked. General Hull was not
an officer in the regular army at the time when
this gentleman was appointed as his aid—he was
acting as Governor of Michigan. Now, it appears to
me that his position as Governor of that Territory
might authorise him to call in the service of an aid
who was not a commissioned officer in the regular
army. Well, if this be so, there can be no diffi-
culty; but, at all events, I think it certainly de-
serves consideration whether it would be just
towards at) individual who had been called into the
service, and who had continued to serve for a con-
siderable length of time, that he should be treated
as a stmneer, and that his claim should be dis-
allowed. Would it not be more proper to visit the
punishment upon the officer through whose means
the individual was brought into the service? The
officer is the party who should be held amenable
for interfering with the rights of the officers under
him when appointing his staff.
To refuse this claim, it seems to me, would be
rather severe upon a man who in a time of need
had nobly volunteered his services, and had served
in a distinguished position, his offer of service
having been accepted by an officer of the army,
and he having been employed for a whole year.
To he told now we know nothing about you, is,
to say the least of it, rather harsh. Upon the
whole, I am inclined to vote for the bill.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The allowance to be paid
to Mr. Wallace as aid-de-camp to the Governor
of the Territory is not without precedent. At the
last session of Congress, a bill was brought in to
remunerate Chailes L. Hill for services rendered
as aid to the Governor of Florida. The Military
Committee reported in favor of the bill. And there
have been instances in which such claims have
been allowed by the department without the inter-
vention of Congress, where it is clearly ascertained
that the service has been rendered, though not
strictly regular, on the ground that the service was
absolutely necessary. As legards the payment
for the horse, for that I cannot vote.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The case to which
the honoiablc Senator fioni Florida refers rests
upon very peculiar ground. The claim was not
for his services as aid, but as inspector genera! and
mustering officer for the troops. And I would
observe to the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
that in such coses as these we should always make
a discrimination. There can be no claim for ser-
vices on the part of any volunteer aid, because, as
has been stated by the Senator from Alabama, a
commanding officer has no right to select his aids
from those who are not commissioned officers of
the army. If an individual serves as a volunteer,
he must do it for the honor of the position; he can-
not expect to be paid. If paid, it is out of grati-
tude for services rendered, without an obligation
to render them, and cannot be demanded as a right.
And if Congress decide that any particular person
shall be paid for such services, it must be after a
full examination of what such services were, and
upon a just discrimination in regard to them. The
pay department of the army cannot exercise any
discretion in the matter. It is altogether outside
of the regular business of that department.
I will state simply—as I do not intend to detain
the Senate, and as the matter has been examined
by the Military Committee—that, as an individual
member of this body, I was not in favor of the
claim in either case—that of Florida, or the present
one. In regard to the claim for the horse, although
the law does, as the Senator from Kentucky sup-
poses, authorize the payment for horses killed in
battle, I have never heard of horses, or any other
property, being paid for, which had been surren-
dered to the enemy by the volition of the individual
himself to whom such property belonged.
If General Hull had been fighting against a
semi-barbarous foe, we might easily believe that
the troops would be plundered of their property;
but we all know the usages of war too well to be-
lieve that in this case the private property of indi-
viduals was taken away from them. If the Sena-
tor from Kentucky will make it apparent that his
property was rendered amenable to seizure by the
British troops by the action of his commander
solely, then I will admit that a case is made out,
and that, if you recognize the man as having been
in service, he should be paid for the horse so lost.
But J put the Senator on his guard that he must
j first fully establish these facts.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I am
happy that f am able to obviate both the objec-
tions of the honorable Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] and those of the honorable Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. King.] f think I may he
permitted to say that I have had a little experience
in relation to surrenders to combined armies of
British and Indians, and consequently that I pos-
sess some little knowledge of such matters. I
know, from personal experience, that when such
unfortunate and lamentable events occur, the In-
dians are tolerated in seizing the property of the
officers of the captured army, and are allowed to
convert it to their own use.
Here, then, is the proof called for by the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.] The proof is
this: the last that was seen of the petitioner's
horse, an Indian was upon its back—an Indian
had it in possession.
We all know that in the battles fought upon
our northwestern frontier during the last war with
Great Britain, whenever our armies surrendered to
a combined force of British and their allies the
Indians, the rules of civilized warfare, to which
the honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] has referred, were not respected, but that,
on the contrary, they were uniformly set at defi-
ance; and, as before stated, we have in this case
the proof, clear and indubitable, to show that this
gentleman's horse was taken by the Indians.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Seeing an Indian
on the horse, or in possession of the horse, is not
the proof I called for.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If I understand the gen-
tleman, the proof required is this, viz: that the
rules of civilized warfare were not respected, and
that the petitioner lost his horse in consequence of
this disrespect, and not by reason of any fault of
his own. All I can say in relation to the first
point is, that, from personal knowledge, I know
the rules of civilized warfare were not respected
on such occasions. We have need of no other
proof on this point than our country's history
furnishes, or that which the memories of hun-
dreds who passed through those bloody scenes
can furnish.
As to the second point, we have here cumulative
testimony amounting to incontrovertible proof,
that the petitioner was separated from his horse,
that the horse was forcibly taken from him, and
that the last that was seen of the horse it was in
the possession of an Indian, and that immediately
after the surrender of the army.
If this does not prove circumstantially that the
petitioner was deprived of his horse, that he was
not permitted to retain the control of the animal,
then it does not come up to the requirements of
my friend over the way, [Mr. Da\is;] but it seems
! to me that, on every principle of deduction, this
; proof comes up to the icquiiements of the law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If the honoiable
Senator from Kentucky will allow me, I will put
him on his guard in relation to these matters.
There is a very great distinction between an
officer losing his horse m the moment of battle 
whether surrender follow or not—and that of his
horse being taken from him in violation of the rules
of war. If the officer abandons his horse, if the
horse runs away and js taken by an Indian, the
j loss is chargeable to the loser's own neglect. If,
I however, the honorable Senator shows that this
officer was entitled to serve on horseback, and was
dismounted at the surrender of Hull's army, and
his horse taken from him, regardless of the rights
of private property, his claim should be granted,
otherwise, it should not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think lean come up
to the gentleman's requirements. Sir, the evi-
dence is, first, that the army was surrendered1.
Then the evidence is, that, after this surrender, the
horse was seen in the possession of an Indian.
Well, now, can the gentleman infer that the horse
escaped,and thatthe Indian caughthim byaccident?
That he escaped, through some accident, from the
officer, and that the Indian caught him afterwards,
is not the inference. The inference is, that the
horse, as well as the officer, was surrendered to
the enemy, and that the enemy tolerated this In-
dian in taking the horse, in violation of the rules
which the gentleman prescribes. This is my de-
ductton.
Sir, another case, and I have done with this pro-
tracted argument. I am requested to state, in an-
swer to some suggestions on the other side, that
Hull was actually a general of the Am-eriean army
at the time of his surrender, and not the mere
! governor of a Territory.
j Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. He was a military
i governor merely.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. He was a general, and
acting in that capacity.
w Now, sir, here is another case, furnishing another
precedent in favor of the passage of this bill. I
informed my friend from Alabama [Mr. King]
that I had not read the hundredth part of the cases
establishing such piecedents; but since the argu-
ment commenced I have turned to this case, one
of the very many which this book contains.
[The honorable Senator held in his hand a vol-
ume of the acts passed by Congress, from which
he read, as follows:
" Be it ordered, That the Secretary of the Treasury pay
out of any money >n the Treasury, not otheivvise appio-
prmted, to Samuel Chestnut, the sum ot eighty-five dollars,
(.5"S5j) for loss of Ji horse, while in set vice, by reason of Ins
if:sag dismounted by oider of Governor Shelby, at Porta&e'
liver, wlisb on ars expedition to Canada.]
Now, sir, here is a soldier dismounted by the
order of the Governor of a State, said governor not
being in the service of the United States by any
commission; for Governor Shelby never was com-
missioned by this Government. He orders the
soldier to dismount; he separates him from his
horse; the horse is lost, and the Government pays
for it. Here is, if you please, a volunteer aid in
your service, and the general commanding surren-
ders that individual's horse to the enemy, compels
him to part with it, and you refuse to pay it. I
have done with the case.
The bill was then reported to the Senate without
amendment; when the question being on ordering
it to be engrossed for a third reading, on a division,
no quorum voted.
Mr. HALE demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordeied.
A motion for adjournment was made and nega-
tived.
The yeas and nays being then taken upon the
engrossment of the bill, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, C'arke,
Chiyion, Corwin, Dodge ot Wisconsin, Douglas, Downs,
Felch, Fitzgerald, Hale, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana,
Metcalfe, Niles, Phelps, Ru>k, Sebastian, Stutgeon, Tur-
ney. Underwood, Upham, Walker, aud Western*—-26.
NAYS—Mesi-rs. Allen, Atherton, Breese, Davis of Mis-
sissippi, Dickinson, Dix, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, John&on of
Georgia, and King—10.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
thud reading; and the bill was then read a third
time, by unanimous consent, and passed.
On motion of Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness ;.and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 27, 1848.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of John P.
Brown, asking compensation for extra services as
i, charge d'affaires at the Sublime Porte; which
; was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
•! tions.
i Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of citizens
, of Guernsey county, Ohio, asking that newspapers
should be permitted to pass free of postage within
, thirty miles of the place of publication; which was
j referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
: Post Roads.
Mr. A. desired particularly to call the attention
jj of the committee to this subject. It was a ques-
;! tion ofgreat importance to every part of the country,
'' and to the newspaper press in particular. Unless
