1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
the committee should act on the subject shortly,
he might himself bring the matter before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Sashel
Woods, praying for mining privileges in Califor-
nia; which was referred to theCommitlee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented the
petition of the heirs of Wiliiam Flanigan, and
William Parsons, deceased, for indemnification
for losses sustained in building a frigate; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr.WESTCOTT presented the petition of John
P. Duval, praying compensation for extra services
as acting Governor of Florida; which was referred
.to the Committee on Territories.
On motion of Mr. BADGER, the petition of
Guier & McLaughlin was taken from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. j
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the papers in the :
case of the petition of the executors of Henry King '
were taken from the files, and referred to the Com- j
mittee on Revolutionary Claims. j
On motion of Mr. CORWIN, the papers in the :
case of Moses Shepherd were taken from the Sec- i
retary's office, and placed on the files. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol- j
lowing resolution: , ;
Resolrcd, That tile President of the United States be rc- j
quested to cause to be communicated to the Senate, tile :
expenditures fol the purvey of tile coast, from the time of j
its commencement, in 1807, to the period when the work
was discontinued, and the results obtained; the expendi-
tures from the period when the work was resumed m 1834,
to ltf-11, and the results obtained; the. expenditures and re-
sulk smee 1844, up to the present time, under the present
superintendent.
At a subsequent stage of the session,
On motion of Mr. KING, the vote on the adop-
tion of this resolution was reconsidered; and, with
the consent of the mover of the resolution, it was
so modified as to be a call on the Secretary of the
Treasury; and, in its modified form, was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to repeal the act of last session
reducing the mileage of messengers.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice that he
would to-morrow, or some subsequent dav, ask
leave to introduce a bill to establish a land office
in the State of Iowa.
Mr. JON ES gave notice that he would to-mor-
row ask leave to introduce a bill.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. BENTON, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish an
additional land district in the State of Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to cause the
northern boundary of the State of Iowa to be run
and marked; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. DODGE asked and obtained leave to mtro- }
duce a bill foi the relief of Elisha Hampton; which j
was read a first and second time, and refeired to i
the Committee on the Public Lands. i
WASHIXUTOX AND ALEXANDRIA BOATS. \
Mr. BENTON, on leave, introduced a bill in 1
addition to an act entitled " An act to incorporate
the Washington and Alexandria Steamboat Com-
pany. "
The bill having been read a first and second time,
Mr. BENTON asked that the Senate would
proceed to the consideration of the bill at this time,
ft was important that there should be immediate
action on the bill, as the term of the existing charter
had nearly expired.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
taken up for consideration as in Committee of the
Whole, was reported without amendment; and,
the question being on its third reading'
Mr. FITZPATRICK wished some explanation
of the bill, lie was opposed to monopolies; and
befoie he could cast his vote, he desired to be more
fully informed on the subject.
Mr. BENTON briefly replied, that the act char-
tering this company had been in existence twenty
years, and was nearly run out. 1 o stop the boats,
would be a great inconvenience to the public of the
District.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said circumstances
had changed since the charter was granted. Alex-
andria had since become a part of Virginia; and
to renew the charter now, would be an invasion of
State rights. He was also opposed to it on the
ground of monopoly. Alexandria might now ob-
tain a charter from the State of Virginia.
Mr. KING suggested the propriety of referring
the bill to a committee before any further action
be taken upon it.
Mr. NILES asked if the company had exclu-
sive privileges of navigation. He supposed not.
Mr. BENTON. Certainly not.
Objection being made to the third reading of the
bill at this time, it was passed over.
PRIVATE CLAMS.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution for the relief
of Major R. M. Baker, of the ordnance corps; and
the bill was considered and read a third time and
passed.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill for the relief of T. W.
Chinn and others; and the bill was considered and
passed.
COMMUNICATION BETWEEN ATLANTIC AND
PACIFIC.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Johnson,
of Maryland, on the 22d instant:
Resolved, That the president of the United States be re-
quested to furnish the Senate with a copy of an othcial
despatch from Mr. Wheatun to the Secretary of State, dated
at Derhn, the 7th Di cember, 1815, concerning a communi-
cation between the Atlanuc and lMcific Oceans and ihe
Meditei ranean Sea, with such map or maps as accompanied
the same.
Mr. JOHNSON stated, that since the resolution
was submitted, a communication had been received
obviating the necessity of its adoption; and he
moved, therefore, that it be laid upon the table;
which motion was agreed to.
CLAIMS ON CHEROKEE INDIANS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Cameron
on the 10th of August last:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municatc to the Seriate any information that may be willmi
the knowledge of the department in relereme to claims
made against the Cheiokees who are parties to the treaty of
August 6, 1846, especially against that portion ol the nation
called old settlers, or Western Cherokees, tor services, or
any other aid and assistance rendered (lie said Cheiokeesin
the prosecution of their claim, which resulted in the, treaty
afteiwards. It such claims are based on wntten oontiacts,
he is requested to state whether the eontiaets were made
by the duly authorized representatives of the C/irrokees m
their national or asare^ate capacity, for the benefit ot those
who are made recipients hy the treaty in all moneys arising
out of the settlement of their claims. And also whether,
within the knowledge ot the department, such contracts
have been fully and faithfully complied with, as far as prac-
ticable, hy ihe other palties named in then). And that he
will communicate the evidence upon winch lie base.- his
opinion, with any paper in the possession ot thedcpe.rtment
«howin  the evtent of the services rendered, and the chai-
actcr of the claims thus made against the mnnejs ntucli
may be awaided under the treaty of A igu^tB, 1846.
Mr. KING stated that the Senator from Penn-
sylvania was absent, and moved that the further
consideration of the resolution be postponed until
to-morrow; which motion was agreed to.
GOVERNMENT LAND PURCHASE.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill to autho- .
rize the Secretary of the Treasury, with the ap- .
probation of the Attorney General, to purchase !or i
the United States the interest of Babe Peyton in :
the tiactofland on which the light-house stands,
at the Southwest Pass, at the Mississippi river.
Mr. JOHNSON said: Mr. President, the object
of this bill is, to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to purchase from the holder his interest
in a certain ttact of land near the mouth of the
Mississippi river, in the State of Louisiana, on
which there has been erected a light-house, i his
tract of land was settled originally by a man of the
name of Fitzgerald, who obtained, under the act
of Congress, a pieemption right to it. tie paiu
for the land and settled it. After he had estab-
, lished his claim and obtained his certificate ot
1 ownership, the Secretary of the Treasury, being
informed that this tract was the only site near the
; Balize calculated for the erection of a light-house,
undertook to reserv^it from public sale, and to set
aside the certificate which had been granted to
Fitzgerald. Thereupon a suit was instituted by
Fitzgerald in the circuit court of the State of Lou-
isiana, and a decision was given establishing his
claim to the land. The case was subsequently
carried to the Supreme Court, and this decision of
the circuit court was there sustained. Afterwards,
the title of Fitzgerald was purchased by two indi-
viduals, a Mr. Carter and a Mr. Peyton. The
United States having a claim against one of these
purchasers, (Mr. Carter,) his interest in the land
was seized upon by the Government, and two
appraisers appointed to value it, in conformity
to the laws of the State of Louisiana. These
appraisers disagreeing—one estimating the value
of his interest at $22,500, and the other at $15,000
—another appraiser or umpire was by law appoint-
ed, and gave Ifis decision in favor of the lowest
estimate. The value of his interest in the land
being thus ascertained, according to the laws of
Louisiana, to be §15,000, it was bid off at public
sale by the Government at that price. The Gov-
ernment being thus possessed of Carter's interest,
and having already a light-house erected upon the
land, this bill proposes now to purchase, the in-
terest of Peyton, the joint partner of Carter in the
purchase from Fitzgerald.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I would ask
the Senator from Louisiana what it was that the
Government gave Carter for his interest?
Mr. JOHNSON. Fifteen thousand dollars in
cash; and now this bill authorizes the Secretary of
theTieasury to purchase Peyton's interest—giving
him the same amount that was given to Carter,and
no more, provided the Attorney General, on ex-
amination, shall be satisfied as to the character of
the title. But there can be no doubt as to the title,
its validity having been sustained by a decision of
the Supreme Court.
Mr. DAVIS. How many acres are there in the
tract?
Mr. JOHNSON. One hundred and sixty acres
—lying near the mouth of the Bahze,and the only
high" land suitable for the site of alight-house within
several miles.
Mr. DAVIS. What do you want with a hun-
dred and sixty acres of land for a light-house?
Mr. JOHNSON. The Government wants it;
and the light-house being already upon the land in
which Peyton holds a joint interest, it isnecessary
that the Government should purchase his interest
in order to control the work. The bill comes to
us recommended by two different committees, who
have thoroughly examined the case; the report ac-
cninpany ing'it is so lengthy, that unless some Sen-
ator desires^it, I will not ask for the reading.
Mr. BALDWIN was understood to inquire
whether the land could not be divided, so that the
portion owned by the Government, with the im-
provements, may be retained?
Mr. JOHNSON. The light-house cannot be
divided!
Mr. DAVIS. I do not, with my present views
of the subject, feel disposed to vote for this bill.
It seems to me a pretty extravagant price to pay-
thirty thousand dollars for the site of alight-house;
and I do not exactly see why we should require a
hundred and sixty acres of land for that purpose.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would remark that the great
value of the land consists in its peculiarly favorable
position, and it cannot be divided. According to
the laws of Louisiana, a tract of land held by two
persons, if either of the parties desire the sale, or
the sale becomes imperatively necessary, cannot
properly be divided, and the law provides that it
shall be sold. The bill does not make it abso-
lutely binding upon the Government to give $1d,000
for Peyton's interest in the land. It only autho-
rizes the Secretary to offer that amount.
Mr NILES. There is no evidence before us
that this land is worth anything like §15,000 for
the site of a light-house. In order, therefore, to
give time for a more particular examination of the
subject, I think the consideration of the bill hail
better be postponed.
Mr JOHNSON. This lull was postponed from
time to time during the whole of last sess,or, be-
cause it was considered a public, bill In addition
to what I have already stated with reference to the
appraisement and value of this land, I would fur-
ther remark, that the Government made a propo-
i sition to Mr. Peyton to purchase his interest, and
!! appointed two persons in this city to value it. Ons
