1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
land. That num lias been placed as a limitation
upon the bili on the ground that the Government
p iid fifteen thousand dollars for the other moiety—
the moiety purchased from Mr. Carter.
! do not pretend to say, sir, that this property
is worth five thousand, much less fifteen thousand
dollars. I only infer, from the information that I
have received, that it will eventually become of
great value, if I am rightly informed, this land
is situated on a high land, on that part of the Mis-
sissippi which must render it forever valuable; and
more especially m reference to the public uses
which it is likely the Government will, sooner or
later, demand it for.
If it be true, sir, that the Government intends to
dispense with this land, as has been intimated by
Senators over the way, [Messrs. Dix and Bright,]
it is not worth while for us to consume time in
deliberating and legislating upon the subject. If
the hill were sulTeied to lie over a short time, I
presume that all the information in relation to the
matter necessary to an enlightened legislation upon
it, could be easily obtained. This, perhaps, would
be the better course.
I have only taken this occasion to throw out
these reniaiks for the purpose of dispelling the pre-
judices against the bill which the observations of
the honorable Senators might have raised in the
minds of others.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
the inquiry made by my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] seems to imply just what I suppose
everybody conjectured before; that is, that this
land, in all probability, acquires its value, real or
imaginary, from some supposed emergency for the
occupation of it by the United States; and if I can
gather anything from my friend's remarks, it is
that certain individuals have stepped in with this
view, this hope, this expectation, and purchased
these lands. And the gentleman [Mr. Bell] says, }
is it not reasonable, is it not right and just and
proper, that the purchasers shouid receive some !
equivalent for fair and just expectations of this |
description founded on the public exigency ? "Well, !
sir, if a man supposes that I have a great need and ;
want of a piece of property, and steps in and pur- j
chases that property in order to see what he can
get out of me by the speculation, I will stop and
consider a while, when the question whether I will
buy or not conies up, and it must take a pretty
ur ent case to induce me to give four, five, six,
eight, or ten times as much as the property is
vvoi th, under such circumstances.
And, sir, the rule that I would apply m individ-
ual transactions, I would also apply in the transac-
tions of the Government. The parties, who are
the owners of this land, stepped in here and pui-
chaicd it because Government may be supposed
to have some occasion for the use of this pioperty,
because Government may want it as a site foi a
lio-ht-house, fort, or road, or for some other use,
and they hoped out of that consideration to make
some money. Why, sir, it will require a case of
pretty strong necessity—a case of the most urgent i
necessity, to make me vote for o. bill which pro- |
proses to pay more than this property is worth. |
Well, sir, what is this land worth.' We seem 10 ;
have no reliable evidence touching this point be- :
fore us. The honorable Senator from New York |
[Mr. t)i\-l or the honorable Senator from Indiana, ,
[Mr! Bright,] 1 do not know which—at all events
the reoiaik was made by some one on the othei
side of the House—says that alter reserving foui-
tecn acres of this land—the whole ot whion
amounted to one huml.ed and s.xty acres-one
undivided moiety of the residue sola for a t.iou-
sand dollars, or thereabouts. It" this ue so, it is an
answer to all that mv friend from Tennessee [Air.
liv-Li.l has urged. "This land was put into the
maiket, and there is the price of an undivided
moictv. It- was sold for the meager sum of omy
one thousand dollars or less. _ i
1 do not know what the motive was tnat guided
that sale. I lake the fact as it was stated ant! I
hooe tl.eic was no dishonesty about it. If tha. oe
so unon what princ.pic-uoless we■adopt the
v lews'oI' the Senator h o,n Tennessee, [Mi. Llll.J
—ran we justify ourselves m paying tmrty thou-
sand dollars for the site of a light-house. 1 liat
sale was really unnnpoitant. no matter v.hat Mo-
tive induced if. no matter what price was paid foi
the land. Pirhaps the nonoraole Senator is coi-
reetthat, if this be a joint property, Me tinted
States tho owner of one-half and some other pAity
the owner of the other half, they could not proba-
bly make such a partition of the land as has been
suggested when tliey come to sell it. But I do not
hold that fact at all important; and all the informa-
tion we have concerning the value of the property
goes to show that the estimate of this individual
is far too high—is far beyond its real value.
Again, sir, it is said that there is a limit in the
bill—that the Seeietary of the Treasury is not
authorized to pay more than fifteen thousand dol-
lars for the land. We all know, sir, very well
how these limitations operate. We have wit-
nessed their operations time and again. The re-
sult invariably is, that if the party of whom the
purchase is to be made refuses to sell his property
for less than the amount named as the outward i,
limit of the bill, that amount has to be paid. The 'j
vender is sure to tell the party instructed, whether j1
the Attorney General, the Seeietary of the Treas- jj
ury, or any other officer of the Government, that t|
Congress would never have passed such a law I
unless they had been willing that the maximum !
amount should be paid; and the contracting officer |!
gives the ultimate amount, and he gives it simply j
because Congress has authorized him so to do, arid !
because the vender will not accept anything less. |
Therefore, if you pass this bill, you must consider i'
yourselves as proposing to give fifteen thousand
dollars for the interest of tnis individual m this j I
property.
Well, now, sir, if it be satisfactorily shown to ;
me that this property is worth fifteen thousand !
dollars, and that the United States are in want of
this moiety of the one hundred and sixty acies of
land owned by this individual, for the purpose of
erecting on it a light-house, or for any other pur-
pose, 1 will vote for the bill. I will experience u
no difficulty in giving it my sanction and support. j
But what 1 desire is to see some satisfactory evi- :
dence.iii the first place, that there is an emergency :
for it; and, in the second place, that it is worth
the money.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. Mr. President, j
I feel very confident that the Senatoi fiomSew i
York [Mr. Dix] is mistaken m saying that a por-
tion ot this land has been sold by the Government
of the United States, for I am very confident that
thc-Government could not select fourteen acres out
of the whole estate and sell it.
Mr. DIX. Sir, I did not state that fourteen ,
acies had been sold by the Government. I only I
stated my understanding of the matter, based on
what I heard at the last session of Congress. This
bill has been taken up out of its place. I was not ■,
aware that it was under consideration till a friend
called my attention to the fact. I stated that I had
some memoranda concerning it that I could not :
now lay my hand on. I may have been mistaken
in regard to the statement that an undivided half ;
had been sold for less than a thousand dollars. It
was either a moiety of this land, or a lot adjoining,
concerning which there was some dispute. ;
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, this bill was ;
not taken up out of its order. Some days ago it •'
was made the special order for to-day. |
Mr. DIX. 1 was mistaken, then. I was not ,
aware that the bill had been made the special |
order. , . .
Alr. JOHNSON. According to tne laws ot ,
Louisiana, where property is held jointly by two
oarties, if either party wishes a partition, or wisnes
to have the property sold, he must institute a ;
suit for that purpose. Then, if the laud cannot
be divided to the satisfaction of both parties, tne ;
comt shall older the sale of the whole land, and
divide the proceeds justly oetween the paittes.
Tins is one of those tracts of land that could not
be divided. i presume the hunt-house vvas inline
centre of the laud, and it could not be diviueu so
as to give the Government the hght-iiousc, wmc.i
occupied probably uie best part of it. Ami even
if it could have been divided, the government
should have brought a suit, in continuity to the
laws of Louisiana, praying tor adiwstou ot tile
land, or that it shouid Lie soul joiohy. J- Uit*
law of Louisiana, a.id that was the course pti'^ucu
when Carter's mteiest in the land was suia. a he
Government instituted a suit, obtauic.. a judgment
' .vamst Mr. Carter, and seized lus hall of the land.
Appraisers were appointed—the Uovernraem ap-
i, pointing one and Mr. Carter the other., iae ap-
'• praiseis could not agree. One estimated uo va.ee
1 of the land at twenty-two thousaau nve l.unaua
!; dollars, and the other estimated it at Mteen thou-
1 sand dollars. When two appraisers cannot agree'
i the court appoints an umpire. The umpire was
! appointed, and he decided the value of Carter's
I portion of the land to be fifteen thousand'dollars.
j The land was put up at auction, and the Govern-
,j ment purchased Carter's interest in it for fifteen
i thousand dollars.
Gentlemen say that fifteen thousand dollars
; would be too high a price to pay for the residue
| of this land—that it may not be worth two thou-
| sand dollars. Why, sir, it would be difficult to get
j any piece of land in that vicinity for less than a
' hundred dollars per acre, and there are very few
owning land on the Mississippi, for a hundred
miles above, who would sell it at that price. But,
sir, this land, independent of the light-house, will
be exceedingly valuable. It is the highest point
of land in that vicinity. It is situated at the mouth
of the Mississippi, and there will ere long be-a
town there: there is a little village there now. It
is the highest and most eligible spot of land near
the Balize, rendering it not only a most valuable
tract of land for the site of a light-house, but for
a town. I know, sir, that the land must be valu-
able without the light-house entering into the con-
sideiation at all. But, sir, the United States have
taken possession of it. They hold it, and it cannot
be divided.
Again: gentlemen have said that the United
States have no use for this land. Well, sir, I
stated at first that a very lengthy report had been
made, in which all the facts of the case are set
forth, and that I would be very happy to have it
read if any gentleman desired to hear it, but no
one asked for its reading.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would ask the honorable
Senator, if he will allow me, whether this land is
anything more than a sand bank which has been
thrown up by the action of the waves?
Mr. JOHNSON. All the lands in that region
are the result of alluvial deposites, made gradually,
perhaps in the course of a hundred years, or more.
I do not know that there is any diffeience between
this land and other lands on the Mississippi, for
two hundred miles up. They have all been made
gradually, by depositee of 'alluvium. As I stated
before, this is the only high land near the mouth
of the Mississippi, and will be immensely valu-
able, if not for a light-house, for a town. There is
a village there now, and I presume that, had it not
been for this occupation of the land by the United
States, there would have been a large town there
before this time.
Mr. FiTZPATRICK. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to interrupt him for a moment? I
wish to ask if the Government has ever intimated
a wish to purchase this land for the purpose of
erecting a light-house thereon ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I would lefer the gentleman
to the report, wherein he will find everything
bearing upon the subject fully and clearly set forth.
The Government has use for the land. I will
now read from that part of the report which, after
stating that the case had been tried in the United
States circuit court for that district, and dccided in
favor of Carter and Peyton, was carried by appeal
to the Supreme Couit of the United States, goes
oa to say 
Mr. CLAYTON. When was the report made?
\1>-. JOHNSON. Two years ago, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. By whom was it made?
: Mr. JOHNSON. It was reported by Mr. Jar-
! na«m, chairman of the Committee on Pi ivate Land
Claims. I will read from the report, as I was
about to do when the honorable Senator from
Delaware [Mr.Clayton] propounded his inquiry:
"Tu.it court, in January, IS 11, affirmed tile judgment of
the eiieuit eour£,.ina then, by nave to tne deiendants in erio r
a Mi or. m ni' Luisi'mie ot' vir. Gilpin, tne AuorneyGen-
e.: a n.i^-es-ion wl.ion nullum is to distuib. A patent
t-;>n'u iiive them no more.' Fro'n tVii, '""'">'^^2
J-42. Use t.tle oi Carter and Pel ton was a
e-wsponlie-ee was kept up betwi tn™hf „ hv the
„n llepaitment, in lotion to tn,o price f he
r;nt"d states. No iurieomcnt could b<5 <?rt< cte.i, ana uie
r-,.vtei was Mjliimued to the aihitr.itum ted awaid of James
v'cnlL. i-'n-t Cam,.trailer of Uie 'jW-a■>', and tiu Hon.
iVice w. Uuti.-r— tne nr.-t eao^en ;■* Ireasutj Dep.irt-
mu.t, and t..e latter by t-'arto. and Fvjt.in."
So that it apoears from the document that toe
Government have been in corrcspoi.cience tor the
nurchdse of th.s land for several voire, and at one
time appointed the Comptroller o, tne Treasury to
puichase Carter s interest t„ tl.crie ..pds; and he
Comptroller estimated the \.uue 0: t..at interest at
fifteen thousand doHar*. If anything has occurred
