104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
very recently, I am uninformed of it. Th6 docu-
ment shows that the Government made application
tor the purchase of this land,and the only difficulty
appears to be in arranging the price to be paid for
it, and in its division.' The land could not be
divided. To be sure, they might sell their interest
in it, either wholly or in part, subject to a future
division. But the Government has no right to
divide this land, and say, " I will have this partic-
ular'spot." They have no such power at all. The
law of Louisiana prescribes the manner in which
it shall be done, if done at all. It must be sold, or
divided by persons appointed for that purpose by
the court. And, as I have remarked before, it
could*not be divided by the Government, and a
portion of it sold by them, as has been intimated.
I will conclude by remaining that the bill merely
authorizes the Government to purchase, aftei due
examination of the whole subject by appropriate
and competent officers, Mr. Peyton's interest in
this land, at a sum not exceeding fifteen thousand
dollars, and forasmuch loss, of couise, as can be
agreed upon.
JVIr. CLAYTON. I trust that/the Senator who
has this bill in charge will not pi ess it to a vote
to-day. I would greatly prefer that the proposi-
tion of the Senator from INew York should prevail,
in order that we may have a little more time to
consider of the propriety of passing the bill. But
if I am forced to vote upon the bill now, I shall
found my vote upon one single consideration—upon
one single fact, if that fact can be ascertained, and
that is, if the site proposed for this light-house is
really indispensable for the purposes of navigation
at that place. If this be so—wid gentlemen of the
southern States can inform us upon this ^oint—I
see no difficulty in voting for the bill. The true
purpose of the bill does not seem to be understood.
It is not a bill peiemptorily oidcnng the purchase
of a site. It is a bill authonzing the Attorney
General, in the first place, to asceitatn the fact of
the desirableness of the situation; and, after being
thoroughly satisfied in regard to that point, then
to agree upon terms of puiehase; thai is to say,
provided the cost shall not exceed the sum of fif-
teen thousand dollars. It is not declared that fif-
teen thousand dollars shall be paid absolutely, for
we do not know that that is the value of the prop-
erty; we do not commit ourselves to any valuation
or to the specification of the sum which shall be
paid further than this: we say we will give no more
than fifteen thousand dollars. The Attorney Gen-
eral will be bound undoubtedly to make the best
bargain he can. The only question, then, with
me, as I have said, is, is this site absolutely neces-
sary for the navigation and commerce of the United
States ? One of the Senators from Louisiana is
clear upon this subject. His opinion seems to be
in accordance with the opinions of the committee
from which this bill was originally reported. They
say, in one of the clauses of their icport, " thai ihe
•purchase of the right of Mr. B. Fey ton in this
* section of land is indispensable to the commerce
'and navigation and substantial inteiests of the
4 United States." Such, too, was the opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury at that time; and I
do not know that any other Secretary of the Treas-
ury has ever given a contrary opinion.
How, sir, if this be true—if the site is really
indispensable for the commerce and navigation of
the united States at the mouth of such a river as
the Mississippi, why I am piepared to vote the
sum of fifteen thousand dollars, or one hundred
thousand dollars, if need be, to procuie it. I do
not intend, however, to give a vote that will enable
anybody to extort money from this Government.
I do not think that any such thing is intended by
this bill; if it be, we have a complete check upon
such a scheme through the intervention of ourown
officer.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts ob-
serves, that he would deal in a matter of this kind
as he would in a matter appertaining to private
life. So would 1. But if a person should happen
to purchase a tract of land urcctly in front of my
mansion, through which it would be necessary fur
me to have a road, and even if that purchase
should be made for the purpose of extot ting money
from me, I do not know upon what principle I
could force a road through another individual's
ground. I should have to obtain it by purchase,
if it cost me treble its real value. We are some-
times compelled to give more for a thing than its
intrinsic value. As I said before, the only ques-
tion with me in this case is, is this site necessary?
The gentleman from Louisiana who sits furthest
from me can, I have no doubt, afford us informa-
tion in regard to this point. I have not yet had
the pleasure of hearing him make any lemarks
upon the subject. He and other southern gentle-
men are better informed upon the subject, prob-
ably, than we are who live at so great a distance.
Mr. DOWNS. Although this bill was reported
from a committee of which I am a member, 1 have
not paid particular attention to it. 1 have no other
information than that which the other members of
the committee possess—I mean such as appeared |
h from the papers that were laid before the commit- ■
jl tee. I understand there is a light-house upon a part |
!1 of the landin question that is still in use; and 1 take 1
j: it for granted, therefore, that a light-house is rieces-
ji sary. But how far a light-house may be consid-
jj erect indispensable to the navigation of the Mis-
i' sissippi, I am not prepared to *ay; but that it is
i[ necessary, I think is manifest from the circum-
stance that one has been kept up for a long time,
i[ and still is in use, at that place. 1 have no par-
il ticular information on the subject.
!! Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. I will simply
;! remark that an appropriation was madesome yeai s
i| ago for the purpose of erecting a light-house; the
old site being considered an improper position, it
was deemed necessary to have a new one, and
this, I believe, was universally acquiesced in. An
appropriation at all events was made by Congress
for the purpose, and the Treasury Department was
authorized to contract for the building and to select
the spot. A spot was selected and a light-house
built; and that one is necessary, there can be no
doubt. Thete is not a spot on the globe wheie
j' one is more required. There has been a light-
f house there ever since the first settlement of the
'| country , but, as 1 have said, the old one fell down,
j1 and the Secietary of the Navy has selected this
spot as the site of the new one.
l\ Mr. BRADBURY. There is one consideration, j
j which I think should be taken into view in acting :
;i upon this question, and that is, whether the Urn- :
|i ted States cannot now, from the interest which it :
i| has in the property, secure to itself all the land :
which is necessary for the site of the proposed ;
light-house. The United States Government is 1
the owner of one-half of the lot of one hundied and 1
sixty acres, unless they may have disposed of;
some portion of it. Being the owner of one-half .
of it, then, I apprehend, as but a small portion of
it land is neccs&ary for the construction of a light- !
;! house, there will be no manner of difficulty in
I, securing, by division, a portion sufficient to erect i
!j a light-house upon, or m securing that portion
■ upon which the light-house now stands, if one is
'I erected that is woith preserving.
'j it is impossible for me to conceive that, owning j
one-half of the tract, so called, the Government .
i; cannot secure to itself a spot suitable for the erec- I
I tion of a light-house. It is said that it ought to !
i stand on higher giound, but the difference in ex- j
I pense of building between the different sites will ,
1 be very little, it appears to me; and it will be
: much better for the Government to build upon the ,
cheaper spot, even though they should be obliged
to build the light-house higher. !
It is said that the Government has parted with j
its undivided interest. I know not how that may '
be; but if it be true, it is undoubtedly a proof that !
|; the Government think they have moie than suifi-,
j, cient for their purpose. 1 should regard it as con- :
i! elusive proof that the Government have sufficient
!' space for the purpose of building their light-house, j
II 1 do not understand that this grows out of any
ji application that has been made on the part of the
j! Government. The Senator from Louisiana lias
not stated that the application proceeds from the,
- Government for authority to make this purchase.
';.And it does seem to me it would be time enough
jl for us to make provision for the purchase and pay- i
;j ment of fifteen thousand dollars fur this tiact of
i, land, on which to erect a light-house, when the
'j Government comes forward and signifies its desire
I that we should do so. Why should we undertake ,
J to anticipate the wants of the Government? Un-
! doubtcdly the officers of the Government aie suf- '
: ficiently awake to the wants and interests of the i
i country, and will make all needful inquiry as to '
j the requirements of commerce and navigation. It 1
| is not for us to anticipate them. \<
The honorable Senator, I think; speaks of this
I as a claim. What! the owner of an undivided jj
j interest coming forward and claiming that the Gov-
j ernment shall purchase his interest! TheGovern-
i merit has a right to say we will divide; it will he
i as well for us, peihaps, that there should be a di-
i vision; and if we then have need of land, the Sec-
i retary of the Treasury will ascertain how much
I is requisite; and when the application comes from
j that quarter, with the specification of how much
! we want, we shall be in a better situation to act
] upon the subject.
! Mr. BELL. One word further. I have not
| examined the report, and am not aware, perhaps,
I of all the facts of the case; and I will premise what
! I have now to say, by suggesting to the honorable
; Senator from Louisiana, who has charge of the
j bill, that it would be impiudent to press the bill
I now, after the suggestions that have been made
i that the Government no longer want the site, and
| that they have parted with a portion of what they
I had. Many Senators might be unwilling to vote
; for the bill under such circumstances. It would
be better, therefore, I think, that the bill should
lie over. But I beg leave to remark, in order that
i no injustice may be done in reference to this claim,
■ whatever it may be worth, that the Senator from
, Massachusetts avoided answering the query that I
j put in regard to the limit of value that is fixed by
I the bill; and the honorable Senator proceeded to
; say, that, taking it for granted that the site pro-
! posed to be procured is ncccssary, he would act for
! the Government as he would for an individual, and
) would consider well before he would submit to any
! exaction. He would consider diligently whether
| the site was actually wanted by the Government.
, That is exactly my argument. If it is not con-
I sidered indispensable, then we ought not to buy
! it at all. I will go with the Senator, and not suh-
■ mit to this extortion, if it be extortion to make the
I demand. But I would press upon the Senator the
. inquiry whether, if, having erected a light-house in
its own wiong, it is worthy of the Government to
i proceed upon a technicality—if it could be done—
j whether it would be worthy of the Government to
' give one tenant the full value, or whatever he asks,
and then to make the remainder worthless, and by
i some adroit management to get the spot laid otT
i to itself? I ask whether this would be worthy of
i the Government, unless the demand were unrea-
! sonable?
j As I have already stated, I know nothing of the
| facts of the case. I know nothing of thecircum-
| stances that have transpired since the Government
became the joint owner of the tract. If I mistake
not, it was contended,on the part of the officers of
the Government, that the Government had a prior
right to this property; that they could exclude set-
tlers and preemption claimants; and I am strongly
of the opinion that if the Government could dis-
pense with the property it would be done. But I
consider it would be unworthy conduct on the part
of the Government, whatever it would be on the
part of individuals, because it might have the power
to get possession of a spot of land on which to
build a light-house, to do it in disregaid of the
rights of individuals.
But the Senator from Maine has suggested that
this is not a claim set up by the Government, but
that it is an individual claim; that the Government
is in a state of composure in regard to it. That
! may be so, so far as their having the use of the
i property, and the possession of it; but I presume
• that the rights of an individual claimant are not to
! be wholly disregarded, and that when he applies
! to Congress to remedy a private injury, an indi-
' vidual grief, that the Government occupies ai Intra-
I rily his property, and refuses to compensate him
i for it, he has a right to be heard. I cannot con-
ceive that there is the slightest impropriety in ask-
ing for redress in such a case. It is the only
1 remedy the individual has. I hope the Senator
t fiom Louisiana will allow the bill to lie over. For
my own part, I shall not vote for the bill if it be
made to appear that the proposed site is not im-
| portant for the safe navigation of the Mississippi
at that place.
i Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee undeistood me as
implying that the owner of any property was seek-
ing to build up his interest at the expense of the
Government, he greatly misunderstood me. The
position assumed by my friend from Tennessee is
this; Shall the Government, after having given
increased value to property, be required, when it
becomes necessary to purchase that property, to
