1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
pay for it according to its increased value? I can
assure the gentleman that when a matter of that
kind is submitted to a court and jury, the occasion
which the Government has for the property is
never taken into theiaccount; it never enters into
their consideration; and no court has ever, within
my knowledge, instructed a jury, where property
was required for public use, either for railroads,
canals, light-houses, or for any other purpose,
that in consequence of the urgency of the demand
the value is enhanced. Not at all: its value is esti-
mated upon very different considerations. But,
says the gentleman, you have a strong arm, and you
enter unceremoniously upon the property of your
cotenant; you take possession and hold it. Why,
1 see no evidence ofHhis. The Government, in
anticipation of a want at an early day, erected a
light-house, and I suppose they still have posses-
sion of it; but we have no evidence that the Gov-
ernment is keeping the cotenant out. He has a
right to enter upon the property and do as he
pleases with his undivided moiety. It is a well
settled principle of law that each of the cotenants
lias the right to enter into and enjoy the property,
and that one cotenant has no right to shut another
out. Now, I do not understand that this individ-
ual is coming here with a complaint that the Gov-
ernment has shut him out. Iliey have taken this
little position, it is true, and have applied it to the
exigencies of the Government. They have prob-
ably exclusive possession of it. Well, now, the
party has a right to meet the question as he sees
fit, and have it equitably adjusted. I do not com-
plain of this. What 1 object to is, the paying an
extravagant price which cannot be justified by the
circumstances of the case. 1 wish to act upon
evidence as to its value.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. I have no desire
to press this bill to a final vote at this time. I am
quite willing that it should be deferred for the
present.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR THE COAST SURVEY.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate of the United States:
I communicate, herewith, in compliance with the request
contained in ihe resolution or ihe Senate of Hie 19lh instant,
a report of the Secretary of the Tieasuiy, with the aceoin-
liainins statement, prepared by the Register of the Treasury,
which exhibit'the annual amount appiopruted on account ot
the coast survey, from the commencement ol said survey.
JAMES K.POLK.
Washington, Decenihcr 27, 1848.
The following is the statement referred to in the
above message:
Statement of the annual amount appropriated on account of
the coast survey, jrom the commencement of said survey,
rendered in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
December 19, 1848:
Dates of appropriations. Amount.
1807, February 10 §50,000 00
1S1-2. February 26, reappropridtion 49,2m 25
1810; April 16, reappropiiation 20,7^0 57
1833 March   00
1834^ June 27  ^ 000 00
183.3, February 13   <,0,000 00
1836, May 9 •■•"MX nn
1837, March   W'° ('2
1838 Julv 7     • • • 90.000 00
1839' March   90,010 00
1840 MAV 8 1^0,000 00
March   ^
lg4o' Mav IS 100,000 00
Mil March    101.000 00
1M June 17  8J,000 00
W March   100,000 00
1846 August 10 I1,1'""""0
18 P AI itch   ® '
"ISisj August' 12.   165.000 00
1,605,725 39
Deduct amount* carried to the surplus fund, viz •
In 180') 
]n     .>/
In 18   H>*1G 75
In ley  2,5«6 00
in   98.407 57
$1,309,317 8-3
DANIEL GRAHAM, Regutcr.
Trevspry Department,
Register's Officc, December 22, 1848.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Campbell, their Gleik,
announcing' that the Speaker of said House hau
signed several enrolled bills, and had sent them to
the Senate for the signature of their President.
The bills were signed by the President pro fe?n.,
and were directed to be transmitted to the Presi-
dent of the United States for his signature.
Mr. FELCH moved that the prior orders of the
day be postponed in order to take up the bill grant-
ing to the State of Michigan the right of way and j
a donation of public land for the construction of
ship canal around the falls of St. Mary, in said :
State, for the purpose of making it the special order '
for Wednesday next. '
Mr. DICKINSON hoped there would be no
more special orders made at this time.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Felcii, when no quorum voted. j
After a brief conversation, Mr. FELCH with- :
drew his motion for the present,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. !j
Wednesday, December 27, 1848.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. :
Mr. HENLEY asked and obtained leave to give I
notice that he should, at a future day, move for \\
leave to introduce a joint resolution in relation to '•
the mileage of persons appointed by the electors of •'
the severdi States to deliver the votes for President .
and Vice President, to the President of the Senate. !
Mr. DIXON asked and obtained leave to give j'
notice of a motion to introduce a bill to abolish the 'j
franking privilege. |
Mr. GOGGIN said he rose to ask to be excused
from serving on the Select Committee raised yes- ;;
terday, on his motion, upon the subject of a me- j-
morial of the surrender of Cornwalhs to General j;
Washington, at Yorktown. His reason for doing
so was, that as it related to an event which hap- !
pened in the district of his colleague, [Mr. Bayly,]
and as the terms of the resolution admitted of but '!
one member from each State, he preferred that his
colleague should occupy the post of chairman 6f ;1
that committee, and hoped he might be appointed ij
in lieu of himself. He had moved the resolution jt
of inquiry as one of a national character, and not :j
as pettaimng to any particular State or district; jj
and he only felt desirous of seeing some action on !|
the subject, his own attention having been called !j
to it by the proceedings of the Historical Society |:
of Virginia, in the course of the remarks of its i1
distinguished president, Mr. W. C. Rives. ,|
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Goggin was !
excused from service on the committee
The SPEAKER announced, that if the consid-
eration of the pending motion to reconsider was
not insisted on, the Chair would proceed to call
the States for petitions.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, asked the
House to take up the motion made by him some ;i
days since, to reconsider the vote by which the |!
House agreed to the resolution in regard to the h
binding of Emory's, Abert's, Johnson's, and Fre- 'j
mom's (last) reports. li
The SPEAKER said, there were two or three ;i
motions to reconsider which had priority, in the ;j
order of business, over the motion of the geft- :j
tleman from Pennsylvania. The gentleman's mo- ;j
tion could only be taken up at this ume by general ;
consent. ;
Mr. WHITE moved that the House resolve ^
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state ot :-
the Union.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker which
motion to reconsider was first in order t
• The SPEAKER replied, the motion of the gen- '
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution relative to '
the slave trade m the district of Columbia was
adopted.
Mr. KAUFMAN insisted, then, on the order of
business.
! Mr. WHITE also insisted on his motion; but '
it was understood to be ruled by the Speaker to
• yield to the motion to reconsider.
SLAVE TRADE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the motion ot Mr. Stuart, made
several days since, to reconsidei the vote by which
the following resolution (oileicd by Air. Gott)
was adopted, \iz :
j Whereas the trutfve now prosecuted in thi* metropolis of
i the Republic in human beings as chattels is contiai.v to
natural justice and the 1'uudainemal principles ot our polin-
! eal svs?tem, ami is notouously a reproach to' oui country
i throughout Christendom, and a serious hinaerance to the
; progress of republican liberty among the nations of the
. earth: Therefore,
| Resolved, That the Commiifec for the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to report a bill, as soon as practicable, pro-
hibiting the sl-ive trade in said District.
, Mr. STUART was entitled to the floor, and
j proceeded to address the House. He said that
; some time had elapsed since he had had the honor
i of moving to reconsider the resolution which-had
| been adopted by the House; and if there had been
at that time any improper excitement growing out
of the subject of that resolution, ample time had
passed for the minds of gentlemen in this House
to become perfectly calm. He proposed to state,
as briefly as he could, but yet with peifect dis-
tinctness, the uews which he entertained upon
! this exciting subject. In so doing, he should
! speak plainly, but at the same time he should not
1 undertake to censure the course of any gentleman
; here, or to dictate what course he ought to pursue,
j He should state facts; he should state wherein, iri
| his judgment, the opponents of this measure had
! not dope m this House what they ought to hate
done. It was well known, that at the North, as
well as at the South, a difference of opinion was
entertained by different gentlemen on this subject.
Every vote, however, which had been taken in
this House since he had had the honor of being a
member, had been taken without opportunity for
explanation, upon the motion of some member
from the South, either to lay on the tab:e, or to
apply the previous question; both of which, he
submitted, were wrong in principle, wrong to-
waids gentlemen at the North, who were not dis-
posed to cany measures on this subject to the ex-
treme. The history of this very resolution under
consideration would show that gentlemen from the
South, on his side of the House, who were opposed
to this resolution, had voted to sustain the previous
question. The records of this House showed that
these same gentlemen voted in the affirmative, by
yeas and nays, on the question whether the main
question should be now put; thus cutting off every
opportunity for explanation; thus preventing gen-
tlemen from the North who desired to vote against
the resolution, from having an opportunity to do
so without a misconstruction of their vote.
He had said, he deemed this course wrong in
principle, and unjust to gentlemen of the North
who were opposed to the adoption of the resolu-
tion in its present form. The subject of slavery
in the District of Columbia was one which had
occupied the attention of every statesman and
every lover of his country for a very considerable
number of years past. He had brought to bear
upon the subject the limited abilities which he
possessed. He had come to certain conclusions,
which he begged here to state, which would con-
tiol his action hereafter, and would have controlled
it heretofore, if he had had an opportunity for
explanation. He should not undertake to speak
for the people of the North; he claimed no such
authority; he was invested with no such right; but
he should undertake to speak what he believed to
be the opinions of a vast majority of the people
whom he had the honor to represent.
It was known that at the North there was a
portion—a very small portion, however—of the
people who avowed themselves in favor of the dis-
solution of this Union, unless slavery could be
abolished m the Distnct of Columbia. There was
a portion of the people of the South who, he had
been forced to believe, were not unfavorable to
j such a fatal result, unless they could maintain the
' balance of power in this Republic. That portion,
he thought, was small also. There were a few
i individuals of another class of people at the North,
' of no merit, seeking to acquire eminence by agi-
tating this exciting subject, but seeking in vain.
There was a similar class at the South, exercising
equal energy, and with no better success. But the
great body of the people, both North and South,
' ni his humble judgment, were disposed to make
every proper sacrifice; to do everything that was
consistent with the rights and the interests of the
whole country, in order so to adjust this question,
• as to save and perpetuate our institutions.
To this latter class, humble as were his preten-
sions, he claimed to belong. In reference to the
, District of Columbia, therefore, his opinions were
' these: That the abolition of slavery should depend
|j entirely upon the will of the people resident in the
1 District. Many of them had been thrown into this
i, District without their own consent, by the action
j| of the States of Maryland and Virginia on the one
