1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
or motions to lay on the table ? He begged to say
that the histoiy of the last few years in this coun-
try hcitl absolved every northern man from every
political tie connected with this institution, and had
left him fully at liberty to act according to the dic-
tates of his own conscience. He had stated dis-
tinctly the position he occupied; he would under-
take to act upon the abolition of slavery in this
District only upon the presentation of petitions
from the people residing therein; but the subject of
traffic in slaves was a very different question.
It had been frequently urged upon this floor that
Confess had no power to prohibit the extension
of slavery into the Territories of New Mexico and
California. Was this so? Gentlemen from the
South, with a unanimity not exhibited on any
other question, had voted at the last session for a
law which excluded slavery m these Teiritones
north of thirty-six degrees thirty minutes. Now,
he was unwilling to believe that gentlemen of such
distinguished ability, great experience, and un-
questionable probity, having sworn to support the
Constitution of the United States, would evei con-
sent to vote for a law which m their hearts they
believed to be unconstitutional. And if Congress
possessed the Dower to exclude slavery north of
that line, it was'difficult to see why they might not
also exclude it throughout the Territories.
What, then, was the great cause of alarm? Why
was the tocsin sounded? Why were meetings
held? Why was the South banded together as
one man ? It was said that the North was attempt-
ing to encroach upon the rights of the South by
passing laws which the Constitution of the United
States'would not sanction. What great evil, he
would ask, could grow out of the enactment of a
law which was unconstitutional? The South had
but to raise the question before the Judiciary, and
the law would be pronounced unconstitutional, and
would become a dead letter upon the statute book.
But if the Congress of the United States refused to
pass laws which were constitutional, and 111 con-
sequence of which refusal, property and 'lves
were sacrificed, that portion of the country wiiich
was thus suffering was without a remedy. We
were told by the South, not that this mcasuie was
unconstitutional in itself, but that it was^ an enter-
iii°- wed°-e to interference with their institutions in
the States, by which they were to be robbed of
their property, and their safety and their lues
were to be hazarded. Every single year the same
gentlemen who raised this complaint, by letusihg
to pass laws which tcere constitutional, caused the
utter destruction of our property upon the jakec,
and consigned our seamuiaud oar citizens to wa-
tery craves. Yet (continued Air. S.) ii'e ne\er
talk of a dissolution of the Union. H e never con-
sider the propriety of secession. A e have stood
here boldly confronting those who ha\e the power
to save us. We have brought bacjt. the great
champion of the South to the position which he
occupied in 1816 ; and having reclaimed the gieat
apostle of strict construction, we hope that the
time is not far distant when every disciple of his
will come up to the true faith also.
In casting your eye, Mr. Speaker, to thatfiguie
on the left, [pointing to the portrait of i,8tayette,J
■your mind is thrown back in history to the day
when he left his home—the home of his youth,
and the luxuries of France—came to this country,
and entered the Continental army, battling foi f.ee-
dom. On your n^ht you see uie portnut of the
Father of his Country. You can ii nag, no him making
every sacrifice that mortal man ever maue;ai>d foi
whai object? Foi what did our revomtionary
fathers contend? It was that for which Kttuck
Hemy declared in the Mouse of burgesses 111
Vntrinia—Liberty or Death.
What a commentary would it be upon the edoits
of these distinguished patriots, resulting m the iree-
dom of the colonies and the Union of these btates,
if a poition of their descendants should secede
from, or dissolve that Union, for the puipose of
exitiidi-)"- and perpetuating human slavery. 1
Sih not to see, and hope i never may sce.tuo ap-
proach of that day. Time, the gieat remedy foi
all excitements, will ailbrd opportunities to mtio-
duce some measure on some basis which shall calm
the agitation of the countiy.
For myself, I wish to see the question trans-
ferred to that party which has used it so
lently in the noithern States during the hietic.
Uon to bring themselves into power Let.u^ee
whether the interests of the feouth 01 th a.
to be best protected under their influence and their !i whether, if the motion of the gentleman from lili-
administration. They are about to assume the nois [Mr. Wf.ntwob.th] to lay the motion to re-
reins of Government. To them I am ready to consider on the table should be rejected, the whole
transfer all power and authority; and if they can
carry out the discordant doctrines, in the name of
which they acquired that power, most happy will
subject would be again open to debate?
The SPEAKER said that the question would
then immediately come up on the motion of the
it be for them, whatever may be its effects upon !, gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] to postpone
the country. For myself, 1 expect to see them :j for two weeks.
shattered in pieces by the very weapon which
elevated them.
In conclusion, Mr. S. remarked, that he was in
favor of reconsidering the vote on the resolution,
for the reasons which he had stated, and in the
hope that it would be amended in accordance with
the opinions he had expressed. Should the House,
however, refuse that, he should then vote for the
Mr. McLANE inquired of the Speaker whether,
if a motion should be made to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
motion should prevail, debate would not arise on
the reference of the President's message >
The SPEAKER said there was a special order
of the day, which would have priority.
Mr. McLANE. Will -not a motion to go into
resolution as it was. He was greatly'obliged to ij committee supersede any special order?
the House for the attention it had shown. He
hoped he had said nothing offensive to any gentle-
man present, or to any portion of this Union; and
would now resign the floor to other and abler ;
hands. !
Mr. VINTON rose and said, it would be rccol- ■
lected that this day had been specially set apart j
for the consideration of the deficiency bill, and also j|
for the Mexican treaty bill, it was important that n
the first bill should be acted upon as speedily as I.
possible, fie had risen for the purpose_ of pro-
posing that the subject now under consideration ;
should be postponed until some day certain—some
day when there would be a fuller House, or that it :
should, by common consent, be passed over in-
formally, as might be most acceptable to the , . _ ™ ,
House, with a view to move that they go intoCom- ;
mittee of the Whole on the state ot the Union, it |j Ro()| 'Kuinseyi st, j0l1n! Roheit Smith, Srarkwratlie
general consent should not be obtained to pass J1-- — •     ™r~—
over the subject informally, he would then move
that its further consideration shoiild be postponed ,
until this day week.
The SPEAKER. To make it the special order5 ,
Mr. G0GG1N suggested that (he day designated I
by the chairman of the Committee ot Ways and
Means [Mr. Vision] had already been specially ;
set apart for the consideration of the post office .
bill. I
Mr. VINTON. Then I will say this day two ,
weeks.
Mr. WENTWORTH, with a view, he said, to
dispose of the subject entirely, moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table, if any j
other gentleman wished to speak on the subject, he j
could introduce a resolution. ,
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, inquired of the Speaker, I
whether the motion to lay on the table had the pie- i
cedence of the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, •
[Mr. Vixtom.] j
The bPEAKER replied in the affirmative, i
Mr. SMITH said he would be glad if the gen- .
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] would i
withdraw his motion. ■
Mr. WENTWORTH said the gentleman could '
introduce another resolution at some otner time, ,
and could then make his remarks. |
Mr. SMITH appealed to the courtesy of toe :
gentleman from Illinois to withdraw his motion, to ;
allow hun (Mr. S.) to say one word.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he must insist upon
his motion, and would ask the yeas unu nays
upon it. .,111
The SPEAKER saiu the motion vouin then be
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
! Mr. SMITH still piesseU his request upon Mr.
j Wentworth, remarking that that gentleman had
I himself olten asked similar courtesies, winch had
' not been refused. He (Mr. S.) felt that he occu-
pied a somewhat peculiar position on this subject,
and he wished the opportunity to say a single w ord
The SPEAKER. The special order is in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
motion to lay the motion to leconsidei on the table.
Mr. McLANE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was not now in order.
The question " Shall the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table?" was then taken and decided in
the negative—yeas 58, nays 107—as follows:
YE\S—Me-sra. A*hmun, lJirmham, Blackmar, Cathcart,
Coiijjt'i, Cran-ton, Urowell, Cummins, Ih<-ke\ , Dickinson,
Dixon, Nafh in Fainn, Fisher, Trie*. Guiding?, Gott,
Groeloy, Nathan K. Hall, Henley, Hemy, Hubbard. Hudson,
Hunt, Jame* H. Johnson, Kellogtt, Daniel P. King, Labm,
Sidney .Lawrence, McClelland, Houice Mann, Maivm,
  'T " " " " - ' - Peck, l"eirie,
veil, Rose,
     aiher, Jass.
Thompson, Thurston, f uck, Turner, VVarren, Wentworth,
Wilmof, and Wilson—.">8.
NAYS—Messis. Adams, Baninger, Bayly, Bedinger, Bo-
cock, Bowhn, Boyd, Boj don, Biadv, Bridges, VV. G. Brown,
C. Biown, A. G. Brown, Burt, Butlei, Can by, Chase, Ciapp,
Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, Cimgman, Williamson
It. W. Cold), Cocke, Crozicr, During, Donnell, Dunn, Ed-
ward**. Eiubreo, Alexander Evans, Fanellv, Featherston,
Fickhn, Floumoy, French, Fulton, Gaines. Gentty, Goggin,
Green, Grmnctl, Hale, Willard I'. Hall, Hamnions, James
G. Hampton. IJarmdiison, Hill. Elia& B. Holme*, George S.
Houston, John W. Hon-ion, Inge, Charles J. In^e^oll,
Joseph R. Inger^o!!, Trvin, Jameson, Andtew Johnson, Geo.
W.j'one*, John W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Thomas
liitller Knv, La S6re, Lefrier, Lincoln. Lord, M'-Olernand,
McDowell, McLano, Job Mann, Marsh, Millei, Morehead,
Morr-c, Pe\ton, PiWnny, Pollock, Preston, Kiehard-on,
lliehev, llouMtt, Sawyer, Schenck, Shopi n<l, Sdvester,
Smart", Cal«>h l . Smith, Truman fcJmith, Stanton, Stephens,
Chatles E. Stuart, rttionjj, Tallmadye, Taj lor, Thibodeaux,
Tlioioa«, Richard W. Thompson, John I>. Thompfeun, Rob-
o?l A. Thompson, Tompkm4-,'J'oomb=, Van Dyke, Vcnablo,
Vinton. Wallace, White, Williams, and Woodward—107.
So the House decided that the motion to recon-
sider should not be laid on the table.
The question recurring; on the motion of Mr.
Vi.vton to postpone for two weeks the further
consideration of the motion to reconsider—
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, said, before the ques-
tion was taken, he wished to ask leave to have read
at the Clerk's table an amendment which he pro-
posed to offer as a substitute for the resolution, in
case the vote upon its adoption were reconsidered.
Mr. YIINTON said, after the proposition of the
gentleman had been read, he would move the pre-
vious ouestion on the motion to postpone.
The'SPEAKRR reminded the gentleman that
the previous question, if sustained, v/ould cutoff
' the motion to postpone, and bung the House to a
dncct vote on the mam question.
The proposition of Mr. Smith was then read,
■ as follows: , ,
| Renlceh That the Committee on the Di-0 tet oi Colum-
> bia be in-tiucted to inquire, what halation necessary to
: prevent tla; introduction of slaves liorn any ot the States ot
1 tin- Utuoa into the District, toi ?ale here or elsewhere, and
! that tiu'V report by lull ot otheiwi«e.
The SPliAKKR announced the question before
lnMrPWE\T WORTH said he could not with- '/ the House to be upon the motion to postpone the
The o-entleman could make his ! further consideration of the motion to lecofibidci,
& ' ' ' for two weeks. . ,
Mr. G1DD1ATGS. Can it be postponed with-
, out a susner.sioti of the rules?
i The SPEAKER replied that it could.
; Mr. GIDDlXGrS. Does nut a postponement of
this motion to teconsider amount to a suspension
'of the rules? ,
! The SPEAKER'S reply was not heard.
'' Mr. G1DD1NGS wished further to inquire, if
' the question were postponed, and it should not be
'' taken up on the day to which it was postponcu,
I1 what would become of it'
, The SPEAKER replied that it might be caded
;i up by any member upon that day.
draw the motion. „
explanation on some future day, by moving another
resolution. Whenever he did so, lie (Air. W.)
would afford the gentleman all the aid that was m
his power toward the accomplishment of his ob-
*'e°Mr. SMITH said he would renew the motion
if the gentleman from Illinois would withdraw it.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he could not, with-
out placing himself in a false position. _
Mr. SMITH. I will renew the motion.
Mr! WENTWORTH insisted. ,
And some conversation followed on a point o
order,
M
r. McCLERiNAND inquired of the Speaker
