108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
Mr. GIDDINGS. Suppose the House is not
in session on the day to which the subject is post-
poned, or from any other reason it is not called up
that day: will it not go over to the end of the ses-
sion '
The SPEAKER replied that it would not. If
the House postponed it two weeks, the considera-
tion of the subject might be called up that day, or
any day thereafter, by any member.
The question was then taken by count—the yeas
and nays having been asked and refused—and
agreed to: Ayes 76, noes 49.
So the further consideration of the motion to re-
consider was postponed to two weeks from to-day.
Mr. VINTON renewed his motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
THE MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. SAWYER rose, he said, to a question of
privilege. He supposed it would be a question of
privilege, inasmuch as it involved the honesty, the
honor, and the integrity of members of this Hoase,
and of himself among the number. He referred
to a publication made in the Tribune of the 22d
instant, relative to the mileage of the members of
this House. Inasmuch as he thought a good deal
of 3ns character as an honest man, he did not want
the gentlemen upon this floor, especially a mem-
ber of this House, to charge him with doing that
which was decidedly wrong in itself; for, among
other members, he was charged with taking an
unreasonable and excessive amount of mileage as a
member of this House, and, as he understood, in a
dishonestand fraudulentmanner. His position was
probably a little worse, as represented, than that of
any member on this floor, fie was put in con-
trast, in this publication, with one of his colleagues,
[Mr. Schenck.] The charge against that gentle-
man was, that lie had taken some two dollars of
excess, [a laugh,] and he was cluuged with having
taken two hundred and sixty-odd dollars of excess,
[renewed laughter;] when the facts were these:
lie lived in the neighborhood of his colleague, and
probably some sixty or seventy miles further from
the seat of Government, and the only possible
way for him to get to Washington city, was
through the town where his colleague lived. The
charge on the bill of indictment, preferred by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Greeley,] in Kis
paper, was, that his mileage was legally for four
hundred and ninety-eight miles,and his colleague's
(Mr. ScuENCK'b] for seven hundred arid seventy-
seven miles, while he (Mr. Sawyer) was charged
with having taken mileage for eight hundred and
fifty miles, and his colleague for seven hundred and
eighty miles. The gentleman from New York
excused his colleague as having taken but #2 40
excess of mileage, while he charged him with
having taken $281 60 excess. Now, one of two
things must be true: either the gentleman himself
did not examine and make his statements accu-
rately, or else he had designedly placed him (Mr.
Sawyer) in an unenviable and false position.
Mr. SCHENCK interrupted, and assured his
colleague that there had been no collusion between
him (Mr. Schenck) and the gentleman from New
York. [A laugh.]
Mr. SAWYER said he charged no collusion,
but he asked his colleague to state to the House
whether what he had now stated was not true—
that he (Mr. Sawyer) lived some sixty-five or
seventy miles further from the seat of Govern-
ment than his colleague did; and whether he did
not have to go through his colleague's place of
residence, in going to and returning from the city
of Washington?
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to reply in
the affirmative.
Mr. SAWYER repeated that the gentleman
from New York represented him as having charged
a large excess, and that his colleague iiad charged
only a very small one, with the evident intention
of placing him before his constituents in the light
of having acted falsely and fraudulently in this
matter.
Mr. PETTIT (in his seat) said the gentleman
need not be disturbed, for nobody who read the
paper [the Tribune] believed it.
Mr. SAWYER said he had drawn the atten-
tion of the House to this publication for this
reason, although he considered it a very small
business, to make the best of it, and a species of i
demagoguism of which he could never consent to |
be guilty while he occupied a seat on this floor, I
or while he made any pretensions to stand as an
honorable man among his constituents; yet this
article did him gross injustice, as he presumed it
did to other gentlemen. For what reason was
this done in his own case especially? He believed
it was for the purpose of lowering him in the esti-
mation of his people, in such a manner as neither
the gentleman from New York nor anybody else
could do by fair and honorable means.
The SPEAKER interposed and said, it must be
quite obvious to the House, that if one gentleman
was allowed to proceed on this subject, as a ques-
tion of privilege, all the members of the House
might, with the same propriety, claim the same
right. [Laughter, and cries of "Suspend the rules,
and let the whole House make their personal ex-
planations."]
The SPEAKER propounded the question,
whether the House would entertain this subject
as a question of privilege? which being taken, was
decided in the affirmative.
So the House decided that it was a question Oi
privilege; and
Mr. SAWYER proceeded. He wished now to
call the attention of the House to another point in
this matter. He would inform the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Greeley,] that the Tiibune,
with all its attacks upon him, past, present, or
prospective, would not deter him fiom the fearless
discharge of his duty, both here and elsewhere.
He would call the attention of the House to the
following paragraph, under the editorial head, in
the article in the Tribune, in which this statement
in reference to mileage was made:
"Twenty years ago, the member from North-
eastern Ohio charged 341 miles in his distance to
Washington, coming hither on horseback, and
recemng p'2T2 tfo for the session. His successor
in the picscnt Congress can come here much
quicker, and ceiiainly as cheap; but he charges
d50 miles, and receives ^(jdO for mileage! It is
but just to add, thai be lives 40 miles further
away."
He did not know whether the editor of the Tri-
bune referred to him in this paragraph, but he was
inclined to think he did. It was true, he had spo-
ken of the member from Northeastern Ohio, and
he came from the northwestern part of the State;
but he might have been mistaken on this point.
He supposed the reference was to him, as the ex-
act number of miles for which his predecessor had
charged was stated.
Mr. GREELEY (in his seat) said that part of
the articic referred to Mr. Giddings.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (in his seat.) I claim that,
Mr. Sawyer.
Mr. SAWYER accepted the correction, and
recurring to the contrast which he said was made
in the article between himself and his colleague,
[Mr. Schenck,] unfavorable to him—asked, in
case the design of the writer had been to act fairly
in the matter, why he had not taken the trouble to
ascertain the facts? The publication made was of
such a character as to affect the personal relations
of every gentleman on this floor; and the gentle-
man from New York well knew, before this pub-
lication, that there was great excitement and feel-
ing on this subject, arid had evidently desired to
: fan the flame, and add fuel to the fire. In so doing,
i he had done manifest injustice to him, (Mr. S.,)
| however he might have affected other gentlemen,
1 and he had thought proper to call attention to it,
i that he might vindicate himself befoie the House
and the country; and that neither a publication
i which did him so gross injustice, nor its author,
j should escape that public rebuke which they de-
! served.
[ Mr. SCHENCK said he understood his col-
, league as complaining that he had been charged
j with receiving a greater excess than he (Mr.
: Schenck) had done—with receiving upwards of
! §200 excess, while lie (Mr. Schenck) was charged
1 to have received only $2 40.
! Mr. SAWYER assented.
I Air. SCIIENCK. Well, to relieve my colleague
| from the dilemma, I will swap with him. [Laugh-
ter.] °
Mr. SAWYER having concluded—
The SPEAKER again propounded the question
on the motion of Mr. Vinton to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the !
Union. j
Mr. TURNER rose to a question of privilege.
It related somewhat, he said, to the same matter
as that upon which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sawyer] had been addressing the Huu*e; but as
the gentleman who wrote this aitiele had been ex-
ceedingly liberal with him, (Mr. T.,) and had set
him down as receiving a very respectable sum, he
was disposed to pass it over, not feeling that his
constituents would regard him as any more of a
thief in consequence of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Greeley] having 
[The SPEA KER interposed, but with what re-
j mark the reporter could not hear. Its import may
be inferred from what follows.J
Mr. TURNER (continuing) said, he would then
refer to the editor of the Tribune. He (Mr. T.)
had been charged with grand larceny, together with
several others; but he had risen moie for the pur-
pose of calling attention to the slander upon the
honorable Speaker of this House, who, in the
same paper, had been charged with pefty larceny
—receiving only the sum of fourteen dollars and
fifty cents.
Mr. HENLEY here rose, and expressed his
desire to make a few remarks, by way of explana-
tion.
Mr. Turner having yielded the floor for the
purpose—
Mr. HENLEY said, he had felt it to be his duty
to say a few words, because, dining the first two
sessions of which he had been a member of this
House, he had been a member of the Committee
on Mileage. He felt it due to gentlemen whose
chaiacter seemed to have been assailed, to make a
statement, which he was enabled to make upon
i this subject of mileage.
; He had not read the article in the Tribune; he
| had heard of it. lie did not know that it chared
: fraud on those members who had received what
1 was set down as an excess of mileage. If it had
charged fraud, he was prepared to say that it had
done great injustice. If it intended to charge mem-
' beis with leceiving more mileage than the law
! allowed, it also did great injustice—an injustice
! which he should think neither the editor of the
| Tribune nor its correspondent 
Mr. GENTRY here rose, and asked Mr. Hen-
ley to yield the floor, to allow him (Mr- G.) to
make an explanation.
The SPEAKER said, the floor had been yielded
by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Turner] to
I the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Henley.]
j Mr. Turner having assented—
j Mr. Henley yielded the floor to
j Mr. GENTRY, who said, thatas he understood
| the facts, the law of Congress, and the rule of the
j House, no member charged mileage at all. A law
| of Congress determined the mileage of each mem-
ber under the law. He could not see that the
honor or honesty of any member was involved.
Mr. HENLEY resumed. It was his intention,
he said, to have come to the point suggested by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Gentry.]
The question of the mileage of the members was
referred to a committee He believed it was the
fact, that no membei of this Hou^e had ever made
11 any charge of any particular number of miles. He
jj believed—in fact, he knew from his own expe-
| rience—that it was impracticable for almost any
i i member to state the exact number of miles that he
], traveled. It would have been exceedingly ditfi-
,, cult for him (Mr. H.) to have done so; and such,
m he presumed, must be the case with almost all
jj other members. The Committee on Mileage, at
;! the time he was a member of it, addressed a cir-
cular to every member, asking him to state, as
nearly as he could, the number of miles he had
actually traveled. Most of the circulars were an-
! swered. Many of the members stated, that they
ji did not know the distance they traveled, and left
!j it to the committee to make out such a number of
j' miles as they might consider them entitled to bo
jj paid for. The committee, after the most careful
i, examination, made out a li&t of mileage, with very
I little reference to charges made—if any were made
!| —by these gentlemen.
The law of Con gress authorized members to
I! receive eight dollars for every twenty miles of
• travel going to and returning from the capital,
; upon the most usually-traveled route. He pre-
l sumed that the gentleman who wrote this article
I did not mean to charge that gentlemen had re-
; ceived compensation to which they were not enti-
I tied by law. He presumed that the object of the
! gentleman was to show that the law itself was not
i right. The committee would say—he as u former
