110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 27,
busses in the city of New York, between all
points; they had no other channel of communica-
tion except the mighty lakes or the rivers of the
West; he could not get here in any other way.
The law on the subject of mileage authorized the
members to charge upon the most direct usually-
traveled route. Now, he ventured the assertion,
that there was not an individual in his district who
ever came to this city, or to any of the northeast-
ern cities, who did not come by the way of the
lakes or the rivers.
Further: this chargc was made in this article
directly upon the members. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Henley] had principally anticipated
what he had intended to say on this point, viz:
that the whole subject of allowance of mileage
was, by the rules, referred to a committee of this
House, who decided the amount to which each
member was entitled. The members themselves
did not charge. No man, perhaps, had ever
charged his mileage. He knew how it had been
in his own case, lie had furnished the committee
Mitchell's " Traveler's Guide;5' had told them
that he had not made the computation, but he be-
lieved the distance he traveled (by the nearest
usually-traveled route) was over two thousand
nnles; and the committee had made their calcula-
tion upon the authority of Mitchell's " Traveler's
Guide." Was there any other mode by which
the Committee on Mileage could arrive at the truth
in regard to the matter?
Mr. G11EEN said he was a member of the Com-
mittee on Mileage, and as the chairman was not
present, he felt callcd upon, with the leave of the
gentleman from Illinois, to state the process by
which that committee made their estimates of what
each member ;vas entitled to.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said the gentle-
man could procced only by general consent.
No objection being made—
Mr. GREEN said, the Committee on Mileage
had their duty pointed out by a lule of this Iiouse.
That duty was, " to ascertain and report the dis-
tance to the Sergeant-at-arms for which each
member should receive pay."
In oidcr to ascertain the number of miles for
which the members should receive pay, they must
first look at the law. That provided that members
of Congress should receive a certain amount—$8
for every twenty miles travel upon the usually-
traveled routes. This was the law which con-
trolled the matter. There were, then, two ques-
tions of fact to be determined: first, what was the
usual route? and second, what was the distance to
be traveled by pursuing that usual route? The
House would i caddy perceive, that in order to as-
certain these two questions of fact, evidence must
be before the committee. Whence was tins evi-
dence to romc ? It had been the custom for the
committee, he believed, time out of mind, to call j
upon the members themselves for evidence as to ;
their own case; if this was the only evidence be-
fore the committee, they were governed by it ex- |
clusively; but if there was other evidence, they j
compared the one with the other, and drew such 1
conclusions as seemed warranted by all the evi- ,
dence before the committee. If the " usually-trav- j
eied" route was the post route, they ascertained
the distance, by obtaining the certificate of the
Postmaster General; if the member's residence was
a distance •from where any post route run upon
which he could travel, they ascertained, from the
member himself or from other sources, that dis-
tance, and added it to the ccrtifh-d distance of the
Postmaster General. If the route was not a post
route, but a great public highway, they had to
rely upon general information as to the distances,
and they frequently refeired foi aid to publications
of an authentic character. But there were carets m
which the committee relied exclusively upon the
evidence of the member; and while gentlemen
sought to exculpate theim-elves from the charge,
and throw the whole responsibility upon the com-
mittee, he begged to make this remark: so far as
the committee were responsible foi having passed
upon and allowed unjust claims, let the responsi-
bility be thrown upon them; if they had done i
wrong in not subpoenaing witnesses, &c., let them 1
bear that wiong. In some cases they might have [
been too liberal; if so, let them bear the resuonsi- i
bihty.
He did not understand that the editor of the 1
Tribune had charged fraud upon the member of !
the House, in illegally drawing from the treasury [
the amounts of mileage which they received; but
i he understood his design to be, to show the neces-
j sity of a change in the law. He did not charge,
| as he (Mr. G.) understood, that the law had been
| improperly executed; if he did, he certainly was
| grossly mistaken; if he undertook to say that th6
j law did not justify and make it the duty of the
j Committee on Mileage to make the allowances
j which were made, he certainly construed the law
| very differently from the manner in which he (Mr.
! Green) construed it, and in which the Commit-
! tee on Mileage construed it.
| Mr. VINTON rose to a point of order; and
I insisted, that although this was a question of priv-
! ilege so far as the member was concerned, and al-
i though it was entitled to be heard in preference to
I any other, still a resolution or a proposition should
I be submitted to the House before it could be de~
j bated. There was no proposition—no question
j before the House; and he made the point of order,
' that the debate could not proceed until a motion
I or a proposition was submitted to the House for
: their consideration.
i The SPEAKER said he was of the opinion that
1 the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Turner] might
i be called to submit some proposition. It had been
! usual, however, when a member rose to a question
! of privilege,- to allow him to state his case, make
I his argument, and submit his proposition at the
! close of his remarks.
Mr. TURNER, (resuming) said he had a prop-
I osition ready; but he wished first, as the gentleman
j from Missouri had explained the action of the com-
: mittee, and put something of a different construc-
j tion upon the article in the paper from that which
j he (Mr. T.) had been led to give it, to read a further
| extract or two from that article, to show what was
i its character. It wotdd be seen that the editor of
this paper had had an immense amount of trouble
i —he had laid awake nights, and written by moon-
I light, he supposed—for the purpose of laying this
, whole matter before the world. He said m the
; commencement:
j u The lolhmmg Uaniseiipts of the mileage, or compensa-
; tion of members ot the prevent Coiinii'^ tot traveling lo
■ and Irom YVa-dnnnton l>y iea*-ou ot tin-ir attendance at
the last session, lias been obtained and piepared loi The
j Tiibunc, not Ktthoul cO)i&uhr>dle delay > n-1 liijicully. The
S f-clieduk- uf the Ilou^e was open to u«, and^no objection
I made to its use; but the Secictary of the Senate r< fused to
, peimit a tidii&enpt ot the nnlea/e ot' that il!Uttiio!i> body
, to be taken, croi on the j cquisitiott Of a ■member of the House ;
j and we weie con^tianu d to apply to the tfecietan of the
, Trca: uiy, rcrUjyivi' that it «.as n-tuthd <n> the bu^is oj aAiun
in the Iljitse; and then out lepuitet w.i-s tossed about fioiu
■ hur< an to bui. au of tiie Tieasnry bmldifiL's tor -ome time
! befoie he could obtain a sight ot' the document in question.
, Hut we have it at last."
| " Eve a on the requisition of a member of the House!31
, Ay, some " honoiable" gentleman had been en- ,
gaged in this! Some gentleman with a " piefix" |
to his name. And he was " constrained to apply
' to the Secretaiy of the Treasury, certifying that ,
1 il vw irantid at the basis of action in the House." '
Had the House asked the Secretary of the Treas- ;
ury for any information on this matter ? Did they
want any " basis" ot the kind? or had the reporter
or editor ot the Tribune taken upon himself the i
arduous and difficult duty? He stated that he had '
been obliged first to go to the CIcik of the House, 1
then to the Seigeant-at-arnih, then to the Secretary
of the Senate, then to the Suuetai y of the Treasury,
for the purpose of obtaining this information as
the basis of some action of this Hoube. He must
be a patriotic man, indeed !
|, He wished now to rend another extract, to show
'! that this editor was exceedingly patriotic, that he 1
, did not wish to injirte any live man, especially a !
i member of Congress. Perhaps he v.*as under the :
; influence of the sublime doctrines of Eournensm,
; that would destioy all the forms of society; that
. would mix up men, women, and children, Indians,
negroes, mulattoes, and whites, in one conglome- :
^ rated mass; that would break down all laws, and
all the salutary restraints of >soeicty as at piesent
I organized; perhaps motives of this kind actuated
i the individual who penned these lines; he (Mr. T.)
; would not charge him by any means with wishing to '
i injure the character of any member in this House,
; especially of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. [
j Morse;] but he wouid read another paragraph
, from the same article:
i "We have heard it affirmed that one at lea-tot the Lou- !■
iMan.i members ei.aiges iroin l;us r.Mdt*ue« down the i(ed !
. liver to fhe M.-m s-ppi. down tin- Mi -i--H'pi r<  iV'tvO- ■■
lean-, rV h e t; ■/; uk) that n.n e /,<.s !, „ ( ,
lied river to the Ohio, and so up to VVnueiuiL', and ov Bai- i;
: timote to Washington, {Should not tlai be correctedt
Mr. MORSE satd he represented the Red river
district, but he did not travel a foot upon the Red
river, either going up or down; nor did he charge
for any such travel.
Mr. TURNER said, of course the gentleman
who represented the Red river district must be
involved, and he left it for the gentleman to settle
that matter.
He did not know (he said) but he was engaged
in a very small business. A gentleman near him
suggested that the writer of this article would
not be believed anyhow; that therefore it was no
slander. But his constituents, living two or three
thousand miles distant, might not be aware of the
facts, and therefore it was that he had deemed it
necessary to repel the slanderous charges and im-
putations of fraud, so far as they concerned him.
He did not feel disposed to pursue this matter,
so far as words were concerned. He had risen
paiticul&rly to piopose some action of the House
in regard to this matter, because one of two things
was apparent to the American people: either that
every member on this floor was an arrant thief,
and (addressing the Speaker) yourself among the
number—for you are charged with the petty lar-
ceny of $14 50—or that the writer of that article
had basely, falsely, knowingly, willfully, under-
taken to cast a slander upon this House, in the
face of the American people and the civilized,
world.
Mr. T. concluded by offering the following re-
solution;
Revived, That the Committee on Mileage be instructed
to inrjiiiie into, and to rt-poit to tins House whether, riu.ing
thPjpresent Congress, any greatei amount of mileage lias
bf!f*n drawn troin the hear-iny by any one or more of the
memhcio of this House than lie was entitled to b\ law ; and
if so, by whom drawn, and to what amount. "Ai>o, tli.it
said comuuttce report tothi^IIou.-e by what inie the mileage
1 m every ease is computed, by whom thy claim lor it is
! allowed, and upon what evidence allowed
| ResokeJ, scccndly. That a publication made m the New
] Yoik Tnbnne. on the   day of Deeembet, J*lb, in wlneli
i tlr nnler^e of the mtinlvi- jV :*et forth and commenti d on,
! he relet n d to the -a4me committee, with ni>ti uetion- to in-
j qime into, and teport whether s>ai(i publication does not
; amouut, m Milvt-tnce, to an allegation of traud against rnoit
! ot the members, of thus Hou?e in tlie matter ot'ihcir mileage ;
- audit, in the judgment of the committee, it does amount to
i an allegation ot fraud, then to inquire and lepoit if that
; alleg tno.i i  true or fais-e.
I llcwlverf, That saici committee have power to send for
j persons and papeis.
The resolution having been read—
i Mr. T. demanded the previous question, but
, subsequently withdrew the motion,
j Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, renewed it.
: Mr. GREELEY gave notice that when this rcs-
• olution was disposed of, he should rise to a pnv-
i lleged question.
, Mr. THOMPSON", of Indiana, moved that the
! resolution be laid on the table.
| The yeas and nays were asked and oidercd;
and,being Uken, were—yeas 28, nays 1'2S—as foi-
' lows:
YEAS—Mf-^ssis Abbott, A<-hnmn. T>o\don, Cauln, Crnt-
j-ton, Dickey, (jumett Ouiicnn, Nathan Evan>. i'arn.n,
l'k-diei, Gaines, fliddiujiis. Hale, [Iad-on, Hunt, Morale ad.
Mulhn, Paltrey, Koot, helumik, Stephe.is, Tmhodt .iux^
Kiehard VY. Thoinp-.on, Thmsiun, 'i'uomb-;, V in Dvke,
Wain-ti. and White—
NA\ S5—Adam.;, Baumser, Bunow, Bayly, Hing-
h;mi, HowJm, Co>d, flindy, Bridges, William G. J'iowti,
Cfuiifes Blown, Albeit (i. Bioun, Unit, Butler. Catin ait,
( lia-e, (Jiapp. Fianklm Cl.nk, lieveilv L (daike, Cling.nan,
Wiilianibon R. W. Coob. Cocke, Coll xmer, Conner. Cioweli,
t^rozipr, Co mm ins, D u hag, I )ieni nsou, i )i\<>n, Duer, Dhnn,
K'l\\'ai«i>, Iiiinbiec, Alexander Evan-?, Faian, Kcatlier-ton,
t'iCkha, i'Mournoy, Ficneh, Fmos, Fnlton. (ioc^in. ftott.
Greea, Grteh y, Giinoeil, Wijla-d p. Ilail, Nathan K. Hallj
! 11 amnion-, James G riampron, tiwon, Rcnim . 11 enrj,
Ildl. Elm* B. Holmes, Geo)?;'; Hou«.hai, John W Hoj?-
to'i, Hubbatd, Inge, Cinuhs J. inger-di, Iivni, Iverson,
Jameson, Andrew Johnson, .famed 11. Jnhujon, VV.
X/hn \V. Joees, K.miiti in, Killor;, Kenno.i. T. B.
King, D 1'. Ivir,.', Ljuiin. Li S£.<, f3. L iwien-'e. L'ncohi,
AicCirlJ.tnd, McCa r-iaud, Me.iow,.;;, \icLane. Job M.mri,
flo'nce Mueii. .Mar-h. M <r\u!,Mill<T.''\|.>iJi-, M New-
ell, P. a* ce. P.'ttH , I'e tilt, Pe\f.-n, PiUbiir\. Pollock, Pies-
ton, Kichev. Robinson. Kuc^nill. Junu- Rockwcll, Unman,
ro5e. ,-t. j.dm, ,m\vvu, sh, pju-d,
bnnut, Cni-Ni i!. Smith. '!\u n-m fimith, St'mto.i, Sr.irk-
father, (JharJc. n. ^tmrt, Strong, Tallmadjrc, Taylot,
I lioinas. J.uim s Tiioisi;i-(i'i, Joliri B. Tnomp^oa, liola rt A.
I hompc'un, ToinpkiiH, 'i oriu r, Vcimidt, Vinton, Wallace,
A f iit   oi lb, Wjimol. and VVii-ow—
So the House decided that the resolution should
not be Idici on the table.
And the question recurring on the demand for
the previous question—
Mr. FiUJftS mquued of the Speaker whether
the 'jueatiun was .susceptible of division ?
i'ne ssaid that the question could
be taken separately on each resolution.
