1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
A number of members here requested Mr. Evans
to withdraw the demand fur the previous question.
Mr. EVANS declined to withdraw the motion,
and desired to state the reason why he did so.
The reason was, that the gentleman from New York i
[Mr. Greeley] had spoken to an audience to j
which the members of this House could not speak, j
If the gentleman wished to assail any member of j
this House, let him do so here. I
The SPEAKERinterposed, and was imperfectly ;
heard, but was understood to say that it was out j
of order to refer personally to gentlemen on this :
floor. " j
Mr. EVANS said he would refer to the editor \
of the Tribune, and he insisted that the gentleman i
was not entitled to reply. j
[Loud crics from all parts of the House, " Let i
him speak," with mingling dissents.] j
The question was then taken on the demand for j
the previous question, j
But the House refused to second it. 1
Mr. GREELEY, after alluding (in a manner not i
heard by the reporter) to the comments that had j
been made upon the article in the Tribune relative ,
to the Subject of mileage, and the abuses which \
had notoriously been practised relative to it, said •
he had heard no gentleman quote one word in that j
article imputing an illegal charge to any member !
of this House, imputing anything but a legal, j
proper charge. The whole ground ot the argu- ,
mcnt was this: Ought not the law to be changed? J
Ought not the mileage to be settled by the nearest i
route, instead of what was called the usually-trav- |
eled route, which authorized a gentleman conYing j
from the centre of Ohio to go around by Sandusky, ,
Albany, New York, Philadelphia, and Baltimore, i
and to charge mileage upon that route. He did i
not object to any gentleman's taking that course if
he saw fit; but was that the route upon which the
mileage ought to be computed? j
Mr. TURNER interposed, and inquired if the j
gentleman wrote that article? J
Mr. GREELEY replied, that the introduction '
to the article on mileage was written by himselt;
the transcript from the books of this House and
from the accounts of the Senate was made by a ,
reporter, at his direction. That reporter, who
was formerly a clerk in the Post Oifice Depart-
ment, (Mr. Douglass Howard,) had taken the
latest book in the department, which contained
the distances of the several post offices in the
country from Washington; and from that book he
had got—honestly, he knew, though it might not
have been entirely accuidte in an instance or '
two—the official list of the distances of the several ■
post offices from this city. In every case, the
post office of the member, whether of the Senate
or the House, had been looked out, his distance
as charged set down, then the post office book re-
ferred to; and the actual, honest distance by the
shortest route set down opposite, and then the
computation made how much the charge was an
excess, not of legal mileage, but of what would be
legal, if the mileage was computed by the nearest
mail route. j
Mr. KING, of Georgia, desired, at this point of I
the gentleman's remarks, to say a word; tiie gen- j
tleman said that the members charged; now, he j
(Mr. K.) desired to say, with reference to him- j
self, that from the first, he had always refused to
give any information to the Committee on Mile-
age with respect to the mileage to which he would ■
be entitled. He had told them it was their special
duty to settle the matter; that he would have noth-
ing to do with it. He therefore had charged
nothing.
Mr. GREELEY (continuing) said, he thought
oil this showed the necessity of a new rule on the
subject, for here they saw members slinking oft',
sin inking from the responsibility, and throwing it
from one place to another. Nobody made up tlie
account, u'ut somehow an excess ofs.xty or seven-
ty thousand dollars was charged 111 the accounts
fur mileage, and was paid from the treasury.
Mr. IvlNG interrupted, and asked if he meant
to charge him (Mr. K.) with slinking? Was
that the"gentleman's remark:
Mr. GREELEY replied, that lie only said that
l>y some means or other, this excess of mileage
was charged, and was paid by the treasury, *his
money ought to be saved. The same rule ought
to be applied to members of Congress that was
applied to other persons.
Mr. KING desired to ask the gentleman from
New York if he had correctly understood his lan-
guage, for he bad heaid him indistinctly? He
(Mr. K.) had made the positive statement that he
had never had anything to do with reference to
the charge of his mileage, and he had understood
the gentleman from New York to speak of slink-
ing from responsibility. He desired to know if
the gentleman applied that term to him?
Mr. GREELEY said he had sfpplied it to no
member.
Mr. KING asked, why make use of this term,
then?
Mr. GREELEY'S reply to this interrogatory
was lost in the confusion which prevailed 111 con-
sequence of members leaving their seats and
coming forward to the area in the centre.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
requested gentlemen to take their seats.
Mr. GREELEY proceeded. There was no inti-
mation m the article thatany member had made out j
his own account, but somehow or other the accounts
had been so made up as to make a total excess of 1
some £>60,000 or §70,000, chargeable upon the treas- j
ury. The general facts had been stated, to show !
that the law ought to be different, and there were
several cases cited to show how the law worked j'
badly; for instance, from one district in Ohio, the
member formerly charged for four hundred miles, |
when he came on his own horse all the way; but :
now the member from the samedistuct received !
mileage for some 800 or 900 nnles. Now, ought
that to be so? The whole argument turned on
this; now, the distances were traveled much tasiei
than formerly, and yet more, in many cases much
more, mileage was charged. The gentleman from
Ohio who commenced tins discussion, had made 1
the point that there was some defect, some miscal- i
culation in the estimate of distances. He could
not help it; they had taken the post office books,
and relied oil them, and if any member of the press :
had picked out a few members of this House, and j
held up their charges for mileage, it would Have '
been considered invidious. j
Mr. TURNER called the attention of the mem-
ber from New York to the fact, that the Postmas-
ter General himself had thrown aside that post
office book, in consequence of its incorrectness. I
He asked the gentleman if he did not know that
fact ? '
Mr. GREELEY replied, that the article itself
stated that the depaitment did not chaige mileage
upon that book. Every possible excuse and mm- t
gallon had been given in the article; bat he ap- ,
pealed to the House—they were the masters of the |
law—why would they not change it, and make it j
more just and equal ? j
Mr. SAWYER wished to be allowed to ask the
gentleman from New York a question. His com-
plaint was, that the article had done him injustice,
' by setting him down as some 300 nnles nearer
the seat of Government than his colleague [Mr.
Schenck] was, although his colleague had stated
■ before the House, that he [Mr. Sawyek] lesided
some GO or 70 miles further.
| Now, ho wanted to know why the gentleman
had made this calculation against him, and in favor
of his colleague? !
Mr. GREELEY replied, that he begged to !
assure the gentleman from Ohio that lie^ did not
think he had ever been in his thougnts from the
day he had come heie until the piesentday; but
he had taken the figures from the post oriice book,
as transcribed by a former cleik 111 the Post Office ,
Department. ;
Mr. SAWYER said, if the gentleman had been
as particular when he made out the statement as ■
he was now, he (Mr. S.) would have been saved
this trouble. But the article, whether intention-
ally or not, had done him injustice, and therefoie
he had felt bound to call the attention of the House
to the fact.
Some conversation (which was too indistinctly
heard to be minutely reported) here took place be-
tween Mr. GREELEY and Mr. 1 URNEll, witn
refeience to the shortest distance ot^the latter gen-
tleman's residence from the seat of Government;
Mr. TURNER stating, that by an air line the dis-
tance was greater than it had been pat down in the
newspaper article in question, and repeating that
the only modes of conveyance from his residence
; were by the lakes or by the rivers; and Alt.
; GREELEY stating that Geneial Dodge, of Iowa,
j who had just taken his seat m tne Senate, had
I come by another and more direct route; to which
Mr. TURNER replied that General Dodge resided
three hundred miles below him, and consequently
he could take jthe southern route, while he (Mr.
T.) could not.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, said: May I ask
the gentleman from New York a single question?
I wish to know what is meant by the " nearest
mail route:" whether by it is meant the nearest
route by which the mails of the United States are
actually transported from this city to the place of
the residence of a member. If so, and if this is to
be the standard by which the mileage of a member
is to be ascertained and graduated, as seems to
be contemplated by the honorable gentleman, then
injustice has been done to me in the publication
alluded to; because the route by which my mileage
is charged, is the only route by which the mails
are conveyed from this place to the place of my
residence in Delaware, and which is full two hun-
dred mjles, I believe. It is the only route by which
the mails are sent from the city of Washington to
that place, and it is the identical route by which
I.travel when coming to and returning from this
city. I would also inform the gentleman, that it
is not only the "usual route" traveled between
the two points, which is the route very properly
provided for in the law as the distance for which
mileage is to be allowed, but it is the route inva-
riably traveled by all who have occasion to visit
the capital from that place. There may be some
shorter route between the two points, but of this
I know nothing; all 1 can say is, that it is not the
route by which the mails are transmitted between
the two places, nor is it the route that is ever trav-
eled by the public passing to and from the same
points; and yet I stand charged, with other gentle-
men, in the article referred to, with an excess of
mileage over and above what the law ought to allow
by some other route.
Mr. GREELEY said, it,must be obvious that no
gentleman could go around inquiring into the mail
routes, and guessing whether the distance of the
residence of each member ought to be computed
as great as it was put down m the post office book.
AH that he could do, was to direct the official list
to be taken; he had made no alterations in it.
He had felt it his duty to call the attention of
the House and of the country to these abuses
which existed in reference to the allowance of
mileage to members of Congress. They were cer-
tainly gross abuses, and ought to bo corrected.
There was no imputation in the article upon any
member, that he had made illegal charges; but ar-
guments and facts had been brought forward 1,0
show the necessity of altering the law.
Mr. MILLER demanded the previous question,
which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Which main question was on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. LINCOLN called for a division of the ques-
tion, so that it should be taken on the resolutions
separately.
And it was accordingly ordered.
The question was then taken on the first reso-
lution, and it was adopted.
On the question of adopting the second resolution,
Mr. COBC, of Alabama, called for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and being taken, weie
—yeas 101, nays 43—as follows:
YTJJAS— VIessr.-. Allans, .A-hnniu, BijIj", Bingham,
tlowlm. Boyd. Bodies, dialled liimwi, Albert G. Blown,
JJuit, e'hase, Franklin Clark. Ueveily L. Clarke, Clinginan,
Willi am-on U W. e ebb, Cio/r-i, Cummins, Darling, Du li-
aison, I) !tiel Du scan, hunn, A'ex Evans. Nathan Evims,
I'eatlicitt-ni.Fieklin, FlOiiri:o>, Fulton, Goginn, Gott, Green,
tiiee'e\. Gunnel!, Hale, Willarii i*. Hall, Nathan K. Ilali,
[lunmon-, Haim un-on, Henley, Hill, Elias IJ. Holmes,
Genius IlniMun, Hnbhird, ! n lt ■'. Iversun. Jame.->6n, An-
<}ie\v Jolin.-nn, James H Johnson, George VV, Jones, John
W. Jones, Iv.Hitman, Kelloei;, Kemion, Thomas B. King,
Daniel P. Kins. Lahm, Lu S6,e, Sidney Lawrence, -Lord,
ILt'ieinand, .McDowell, .McLane, Job Mann, Horace Mauri,
Marvin, ">tiler, Morris, Morse. Aevvcll, t'easlee, Feck,
Petri", feviotl, Pilsburv, Folioek,i:'resto , Putnam, tiiehey,
Il'^kliill, 'Rose, Sawj'er. Silvester. Smart, Robeit Smith,
Stanton.' ;?truk\veallier, Charles E. Stuart, Slrontr. 1 a>Ior,
Thomas. James Thompson, John li. Thompson, 'J'huistnn,
TooipknV, Tin in r, Tenable, VYdlaee, Wentu'orth, Wick,
Wihnot, Wilson, and Wooriwaid—101.
NAYS—\ie-sr.-. Bairiiiger, Hauovv, Wackmar, Bojdon,
lliaih, Butler, Canli,, Cathc.ut, Clapp, Cocke, CoManier,
Conner, C.anston, Dicker, Oner, Gurnett Duncan. Edward-,
■ Kmhiee, Faian, Farrcllj, Fisher, Games, Guiding. James
G Hampton, Henr\, Hudson, Irvin, Lincoln. .MeCklkind,
Moiehend Miillin, Robinson, Joints; Rockwell, Roman,
Root, Rnmsey, Snepnerd, Stephen-, Ta'tluiadi;e, Til. k, \ ni-
ton, U art en, and White—13.
j So the second resolution was adopted.
