THE
GLOBE.
-t> -1 ?
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 30, X848.
New Series No. 8.
lated that the advance of money was for the pur- i,
pose of liquidaiing these claims. In brief, the
Government has received an absolute title to these ji
premises, and in consideration thereof assumed by i!
the treaty the immediate payment of specified f;
debts, leaving: other debts to be paid upon the final |i
return of the proceeds of the lands, ancl the'bal- j:
sncc of the proceeds, if any, to 50 to the Indians. \'
This, in my judgment, is the correct view, as pre- i!
Rented in the first treaty. |i
I will now refer to the second treaty; because, if ji
these claims are not to be allowed, it must be in
consequence of the provisions of the second treaty j|
restricting the operations of the first treaty; and if i;
such is to be the effect of this treaty, it then be- ji
comes simply an arrangement by which the United j!
States were to rid themselves of responsibilities i
assumed in the first treaty. It seems to me to be i
a question of somp importance whether this Gov- j-
erriment had the power, without the consent of !;
the claimants, to throw off this'responsibility. I j.
do not prfctend to be very familiar with treaties of j'
this kind, nor do I know what construction has !:
heretofore been given to a clause by which the ji
United States have assumed a payment to the cred- |
itor of the Indian tribe making the cession; but it |j
certainly would not have been competent for the '
Indians and the Commissioner of the United States j;
to eet together and make a new arrangement, by
■which the interests of%third persons^ secured by |
the first treaty, could be prejudiced; nor do I per- '
ceive how the United States, by a subsequent
arrangement, can throw off a responsibility which ;|
"they have incurred by treaty without the consent |j
<>( the party interested. ')
The manner of doing business by the Indian ji
traders, and others who credit the Indians, is well !:
known. They never l&ve the tribe until they are i
secured in their rights. They rely for payment
on the proceeds of the chase and amounts assumed M
hv Government on the cession of lands of the tribe, i
When, upon such cession, the Government by j'
treaty undertakes the payment of such claim, the !
creditor pursues it no further. This is sufficient '
for him. It is written in the treaty, antl is as I
secure as any other acknowledged indebtedness of .
the Government. !
Claims thus allowed on Indian treaties are also '
the subject of assignment by the individual to 1
whom it is to be paid.. The claim provided for
in this bill has been so assigned. Can the Gov-
ernment, by a second treaty abrogating the liabil-
ity assumed by the firs!, thus defeat the rights of
the innoceni assignee of the claim? To do so, |
would be rank injustice. It would be to permit ]
the Government to assume a debt in one instru- '
ment, and to repudiate it byanother, and that^with- i
out the consent of the person interested. ,j
In many of the Indian treaties the creditors of
the tribe are compensated for their claims by the 1!
reservation of lands for their benefit. If this,treaty ji
had given lands to the creditor instead of a promise li
to puv the debt due him, it would hardly be con- .!
tended tljat a second treaty, made without his con-
sent, could defeat his title. His right to the land
and his title in it would become perfect the mo- ;
ment the first treaty was ratified. Such titles hay'e ,
often become the subject of judicial investigation, 1
and have always been held good. A second treaty
could no more defeat the title than a second deed
could defeat a prior conveyance by an individual
frantor. The first treaty gives rights that cannot
e resumed without the consent of the party inter- :
ested. I do not see why the absolute undertaking '
of the Government to pay the debt of the creditor
is not equally conclusive, ft is a question whether ,
the Government have in fact undertaken by the ,j
second treaty to defeat the operation of the first !'
treaty upon these claims. ||
The third, article of this treaty provides that ;
nothing embraced in the fifth article should oblige
the United States to advance out of the treasury,
«i that lime, the entire amount appropriated for the j;
payment of the whole of these claims. It then j!
goes on to provide that the seventy-five thousand V
dollars appropriated by Government, instead of ij
being paid out according to the terms of the first i:
"8
treaty, §hall be disbursed by the President, who
shall select out of the nine classes of claims em-
braced- in the terms of the first treaty, such of them
as in his judgment ought to be entitled to preference,
the balance to be paid out of the proceeds of the
sales. Now, looking at this section of the treaty, it
seems to rne to be the design of the Government, ,
not to rid the treasury of the payment assumed j
by the first*treaty, but merely to defer the time of
discharging the claims by payment. Ample time
has already ejapsed for the Government to make
the payment of these claims even under the terms
of the second treaty. Eleven years have now
passed away since the arrangement was made for
these payments by'the first treaty.
If the construction of the second treaty is such
as not merely to defer the time eff paying these
claims, and it is valid in its operation upon them,
then it abrogates entirely in effect the obligations
of the first treaty.- Not only will this claim, but
the whole class to which it belongs, be defeated
altr^ether. The second treaty burdens the property
that has been granted with the payment of fifty
cents per acre upon all the lands ceded. This will
at least be one-half of the whole value of the
property. It also gives a preference to this and
some other new incumbrance over all the claims
mentioned in the first treaty. If this is the true
interpretation of the terms of this treaty, itis evident
that the arrangements made will wholly defeat the
payment of the claims assumed in the first tr'eaty.
If we assume that the Government by its own
acts has thus defeated the claims in the first treaty,
it was of course done without the consent of the
claimants. And how has the Government done
it? They have done it by delaying the time for
selling these lands—by asking a higher price for
them than could be obtained; thus keeping them
for years out of the market, and finally, by ap-
propriating the proceeds to other objects than, the
payment of the debts mentioned in the treaty by
which they were ceded. In the report of the com- ;
mittee it is remarked that in the case of a claim, i
standing upon the ground of that under considera- j
tion, if the United States have in any way inter- j
fered so as to delay the payment of the claims j
under the first treaty, that act is of itself a sufficient j
reason to induce Congress to make a proper com-1
pensation to such claimants.. Where by the act
of the Government the payment is altogether de- ;
feated, the case is still stronger. It is not, as it j
should never be, the object of Government to :
withhold that which is due to honest claimants.
This is, in my opinion, a correct view oftbe ques- j
tion. This is all I desire tosay on this matter. 1 ;j
thought it my duty to say thus much,after having ]l
made a brief examination of the treaties since the ij
discussion of the subject a few days since. _ j,
Mr. KING. I am sorry to see so little consid- ]j
eration given to a bill of this important character, ji
involving as it does so large an amount of money. ;;
For one, I should much prefer that it lie on the i;
table until Senators are prepared to judge correctly >,
of every argument appertaining to its merits. I i!
would be the last man to withhold from an honest .
claimant what is actually his due; yet with my j
present views of this case I cannot vote for the ,
bill. I would suggest to honorable Senators the r
propriety of examining the matter more closely,
promising that I will also look more particularly
into it. I move that its further consideration be ,
postponed until Tuesday next.
The further consideration of the bill was accord- ,
ingly postponed. j
PRIVATE CLAIMS. j
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of John P. Baldwin, owner
of the Soanish brig Gil Bias. ;
Mr. WESTCOTT. If I can secure the atten- j
tion of the Senate, 1 will explain in a fews words
the merits of this bill, which, as 1 think, fully de- ;
serves a favorable consideration at our hands. At
the last session of the Senate, when this bill was ;
called up, it was laid on the table upon^a motion
of my honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Claims, in order that the principle in this case,
supposed to be involved in the Center case, might
be discussed and decided in the final examination
of that bill. The'Center case was soon after dis-
cussed elaborately, and the Senate decided l y two
distinct votes in favor of.the principle upon which
the claim was based. I would, however, state
here, that this case should be viewed in a much
more favorable light than that of Center. This is
the case of an owner of a foreign vessel, theSpan-
ish brigGil Bias, wrecked on the coast of Florida;
the vessel being loaded with lead. Commodore
Dallas, who commanded the squadron upon that
coast during the Seminole war, hearing of the
wrcck of this vessel, despatched an officer of the
navy^ (whose testimony is here on file) to the brig,
with an order to have the vessel burrit, fearing
that the lead might fall into the possession of "the
j Indians. •
Mr. President, in my opinion this case has been
hastily reported upon, both by the Senate and
; House of Representatives, and J would therefore
; particularly invite the attention of the Senate to
j facts disclosed in those reports. In the House of
I Representatives the claim was reported against;
! but the committee there were satisfied, from the
i testimony adduced, that if this ofHder of the navy
; had not burnt the vessel—in conformity with Com-
modore Dallas's order—the Indians would have
burnt it, and therefore the vessel and cargo of
course would have been lost. In the Senate, the
committee under* whos^re view the case properly
came, upon one occasWi reported that the owqer
was not entitled to the claim, because the officer
burnt it unnecessarily, when there was no danger
at all to be apprehended from the Indians, and that
it was a case of private trespass, for which the
Government was not responsible. The last report
made by the committee of the Senate was recom-
mitted, and a second report was made, in which
the principle of the claim was sustained. The
principle involved in this case is as follows: A
foreign vessel i«? wrecked on our coast in a position
favorable to the Indians obtaining possession of
her cargo, which might be of great use to them
in their war with us. She is ordered to be de-
stroyed by c\ commodore of the United States
navy, on the coast of Florida, in order to prevent
her falling into their hands. ' With respect to the
value of the vessel, I would say that it has beeij
satisfactorily appraised by respectable merchants,
appointed to value her by the circuit court of
Florida, as is usual in such cases. Though the
reports presented by the different committees on
the subject are at variance—one asserting that
there was no danger of the vessel falling into the
hands of the Indians, and another declaring that
if it had, they would have destroyed it—I cannot
but think, allowing either statement to be true,
that'll would be doing great injustice (o withhold
the value of the property lost—twelve hundred
dollars—from the owner.
Mr. HALE, I would inquire of the honorable
Senator from Florida whether the Center ease be-
came a law at the last session?
Mr. WESTCOTT. I believe nqt.
Mr. BRADBURY. The bill passed the Senate.
Mr. HALE. If the bill passed, it must have
been hi a modified form. I know the bill was
before us for consideration on sevend occasions,
^ and thr.t various amendments were offered,
i Mr. WESTCOTT. Jf the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire will allow me, I would
remind him that I did not urge the Center case as
; a precedent. This case is a different one from that
' of Center; and i think, therefore, the honorable
i Senator from Kentucky misapprehended trie prm-
! ciple involved in it when he moved to iay it on the
* ts h * e. 1 c
Mr. HALE. I understood the Senator from
Florida, when he first addressed the Senate, as
advocating the passage of this bill, because of its
M " = .. _.:.u Center s
;mai
>assf
so tar as i am concerned—it pa
auvociuti.^ mo , •
beinsra parallel one with Center s- c
as a precedent. I would here remaik, m re erence
to the Center bill, that if it has passed t.ie Senate—
t <- ns 1 em concerned—it passed very much-as
of my honorable friend trnm KemucK) , U*"- oomnersauon to the muss
Ukdibwood,] a member of the Committee of " the bill granting compei..a.Son
