114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28,
for bringing on the Presidential votes passed; that
is, when a good many Senators^ knew nothing
about it. My impression is, that "the bill did not
pass the Senate, and I understand from the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, that whether it has
passed or not, it has not yet become a law, I
should be sorry to see this bill presented as analo-
gous'in principle to the case, of CenLer,.because if
it is thus presented I. shall be compelled to vote
against it. I think it would be as well if the Sen-
ator from Florida would allow the bill to lie over
until we can examine its merits more particularly.
Mr. WESTCOTT, (m his seat.)) I have no ob-
jections.
Mr. BADGER. "I wish to say, after what has
been remarked by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire in reference to the Center ease, that I enter-
tain an entirely different opinion from that which
he has expressed. I think that the principle upon
which that ,claim was-based, viz: that the Gov-
ernment should pay for property destroyed by any
of its military officers, for the purpose of prevent-
ing it from falling into the hands of the enemy, is
a measure of security necessary to efficiencyin the
military operations of the United States; and that
the Government has no moral right, when called
upon to pay fol- property thus destroyed, to reply
that if their agents had not destroyed it, it would
have fallen into the hands of the enemy and been
destroyed by them. I did not understand,, from ,
the remarks of the Senator from Florida, what was
the peculiarity that distinguished this from the
case of Center; lint would say, that if it. is a paral-
lel case with that of Center's, 1 am ready now, and
will be at any future time, to vote for the bill.
Mr. WESTCOTT. i stated explicitly, in my
former remarks, that this was a different case from
that of Center's, and I will now show wherein that
difference exists. This is not a,case (as was that
of Center's) in which tli#property of a citizen of
the United States is involved, but one in which the
property of a foreigner (a citizen of Spain) is con-
cerned. It is true, since the burning of the prop-
erty, an American citizen has purchased the claim
for restitution, of the Spaniard, who owned the
property.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator from Florida
pardon me for interrupting him a moment? I de-
sired one of the officers of the Senate to inquire
as to the final action of the Senate upon the Center
case, and he informs me that it passed at the last
session.-
Mr. WESTCOTT. Before proceeding with my
remarks, I ask that the report "may be read by the
Secretary
The report was read.
- Mr. KING. I would inquire whether the ap-
plicant in this case is an American?
Mr. WESTCOTT. He is an American citizen.
•Mr. KING. How comes it, then, that he is the
owner of a Spanish bug!
Mr. WESTCOTT. I will state for the informa-
tion of the gentleman the circumstances attending
the case. V/hen a vessel is wrecked upon that
coast, if the cargo, or any part, of it, can be saved
by the"wreckers, it is carried into Key West, and
sold at auction for the benefit of the underwriters,
and all-parties concerned; and if the vessel itself
can be savedj it is treated in the same way. In
this case, the vessel was sold by the marshal while
the matter was still in process of adjudication, to
this gentleman, who paid, I believe, twelve hun-
dred dollars for her. This was a shoi t time previous
to her being destroyed.
Mr. KING. There are several points to be ob-
served in reference to this case. In the first place,
itseems the vessel was never carried into port'. She
wac condemned white lying on the reef on the cbast
of Florida; and while remaining in this situation,
thus exposed to the action of the waves, and to be
depredated upon by the Indians or whites, itseems
the vessel was destroyed by order of an officer of
the United States. Have we any evidence to show
that this vessel ever could have been brought into
port? that she was not a total loss? Wreckers
are generally very expert in extracting property
from perilous positions, and- saving it from loss
where it is possible to be done, and they We a
direct interest in saving as much as can be saved
W here the vessel must necessarily be lost thev
saveall that they can of the cargo. ]S'ow, we should
be distinctly informed that such was the condition
of the vessel that it might have been saved, if it
had not been destroyed by order of the officer. We
ought also to be informed in respect to the cargo;
whether it was that description of property which
could have been saved; and whether, if exposed to
the water, it would not be destroyed. All these
things ought to have been clearly stated. If the
property had been owned by a Spanish subject,
we should have had an application,from the Span-
ish Government through their minister, and we
should have had a thorough investigation of the
subject undera commission,in order that the claim-
ant might be remunerated if entitled to remunera-
tion. Upon the whole, it seems to me to be very
doubtful, under every aspect of the case—exceed-
ingly doubtful—whether the Government ought to
be called on to make good the loS3; there is not by
any means sufficient testimonv to convince me that
the claim ought to be allowed.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The honorable Senator from
Alabama is not apprized of all the facts concerning
the mode pursued in relation to wrecks. As I
stated before, wher\ a vessel is wrecked in the
vicinity of Key West, she is taken into Key West
in all cases when she could immediately get off
the reef, and the cargo sold. With respect to con-
demnation, there is no such pioceeding in the ad-
miralty courts in regard to wrecked vessels. Nor
is such proceeding necessary. If the parties are
not able to pay the salvage, the vessel is sold.
Mr. KING. Who is it that fixes the. amount of
the salvage?
•Mr. WESTCOTT. The judge of the admiralty
court. But that is not the matter about which the
Senator makes the difficulty. He says he is not
satisfied that the vessel could have been saved,
that there is no proof that it could have been
saved. But there were several witnesses who testi-
fied distinctly and unequivocally that the vessel
was in such a position that she could have been
got off without difficulty, and that there was no
danger to be apprehended from the Indians at all;
and that but for the destruction of the vessel by
order of the naval officer, the owner could have
raised her and obtained the value by a sale of the
vessel. Other witnesses differ upon minor points,
though none as to the practicability of getting the
vessel off, or as to the danger of her being destroyed
by #the Indians. None of the witnesses say that
the pretended hostility of the Indians would have
occasioned any risk in getting the vessel off. The
question that is made here is with reference to the
situation and condition of the vessel, and the man-
ner and form in which the court decided in rela-
tion to the value of the vessel. The first proceed-
ing in such cases is by petition to the judge; he
appoints respectable and impartial men to appraise
the vessel upon oath, and they have here given a
true inventory. . In that inventory we find that
twelve hundred dollars was the valuation fixed,
upon by the appraisers. If Senators will advert
to it they will find that the hull of the vessel was
not included in the valuation*, but only such por-
tion as every one will see could readily have been
saved, such as the anchois, cables, sails,tfspars,
and rigging. This property could have been saved
without any difficulty. There are affidavits of
respectable witnesses to this effect; but if the Sen-
ator desires further time to look into the matter, I
am perfectly wilimg that it should be postponed.
Mr. PtlELPS. I hope the honorable Senator
will consent that this bill shall lie over.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Certainly I will do so.
Mr. PHELPS. It is by no means a new rase,
and I recollect on a former occasion making an
adverse report in a similar one. I am not now
prepared to vote upon it.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the act for the lelief of Hugh Riddle.
, The report of the committee which accompanied
the bill was read.
Mr. HALE. I know it is an ungracious task
to oppose a pension bill; but if the Senate is going
to sanction applications of this sort, I know not
where we are going to stop. Now, if the-report
of-the committee be true, this man has a right,
under the existing lav/, to receive the amount of
his claim; and if there is evidence enough to satisfy
the mitids of the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee and of the members of the committee, w"ho
ought certainly to have carefully weighed the evi-
dence, then, beyond all controversy, the Commis-
sioner of Pensions will weigh the same evidence,
and come to the same result. And I do think, that
so long as we have competent officers and compe-
tent laws for all such cases, it is a very dangerous
precedent for us to set about overruling and step-
ping out of the provisions of the law. If there be
any merit at all in the case, there is ample provis-
ion for it under existing laws, and the Commis-
sioner of Pensions can act without the intervention
of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. This bill has
passed the House of Representatives, where it was
reported upon by a committee in a very full, minute,
and satisfactory manner. It is a long time since
] I have read that report, but I remember that the
1 case was*satisfactorily established by the evidence
| set forth in the report.
: Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the honorable
! Senator whether, if the facts are as stated in this
I report, the existing laws do not give a remedy?
| Mr. JOHNSON. They do not; because there
; are certain rules established in the Pension Office
I by which the party applying is required to pro-
duce evidence of a particular description; that is,
■ he must produce the testimony of his commanding
j officer; and the office will receive no other. In
J this case, the commanding officer is dead. It has
! been proved by other testimony, to the satisfaction
| of the committee, that this is a case which ought
! to be provided for. As I have said, it is some time
since I have read the evidence, but I remember
that it was considered satisfactory at the time. I
certainly think we ought not to allow cases like
this to be set aside upon a mere technicality by the
Pension Office.
Mr. HALE. I apprehend it will be found that
there is no such rule as the Senator supposes en-
forced at the Pension Office. The Commissioner
of Pensions has, as every,tribunal ought to have,
some rules regulating the business of his office;
but when the particular kind of evidence that is
required in ordinary cases cannot be procured, the
Commissioner, I apprehend, is very far from say-
ing that he will not receive other evidence. I know;
from the business transactions that I have had witll
that office, that no such rigid adherence to an arbi-
trary rule is allowed to stand in the way of the
allowance of a just clatm. I know that the Com-
missioner of Pensions always takes the best evi-
dence that the case admits of. And I do hope that
the Senate will not, so long as we have so vigilant
and eiUcient an officer, interpose while the existing
law alfords ample remedy in all cases which have
any r«al merit. If there be any peculiar difficulty
in this case, I hope it will be explained, so that we
may. understand clearly what it is; and that we
shall not be answered by the assertion that there
are technical rules, the existence of which prevents
juslice from being done.
We are told that the Commissioner of Pensions
is vigilant; but he is not more so than he ought to
be. He allows ten claims for pensions where he
should scarcely allow one, such is his desue that
no injustice shall be done to any individual. Vigi-
lant as he is, he is not so vigilant as those whom
he has to contend with. I do not feel prepared to
vote^ipon this bill, and I think the Senate ought
not to act upon it without a repoit from the Com-
missioner of Pensions showing the grounds upon
which the application was rejected at the Pension
Office—showing wherein the evidence before him
operated against the claim. I thmk, withoutsome
information of this Jtind, it would be dangerous for
us to interfere. The pension list has been exceed-
ingly enlarged of late; applications are increasing;
and, if we go on at this rate investigaung claims
that have been pronounced upon by the proper
officers, we shall have our hands full for thirty
years to come.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. According to
the argument of tbe Senator from New Hampshire,
there is no necessity for Congress to act upon the
subject of pensions at all; for that tbe Commissioner
of Pensions has power to dispose of all cases.
Now, every case that has come before Congress
has first been presented at the Pension Office, and
been disallowed. And why have they been dis-
allowed ? Because they have strict rules, by which
the Commissioner of Pensions is bound, and from
the operation of which he cannot relieve himself m
any case. He often recommends cases, in which
he has not the power to act favorably, to the con-
sideration of Congress; and I have no doubt there
is a communication from him in relation to this
easel *
Mr. HALE. I should be glad to see it.
