1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
115
Mr. JOHNSON. I presume there is one-
Mr. HALE. Let it be read.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not know that this bill
would come up to-day, or I should have'been pre-
pared to furnish all the information that may be i
desired by the Senator from New Hampshire. The '
report that has been made in the case ought to be
sufficient to satisfy every Senator; it refers#mi-
nutely to all the evidence. X hope the Senator
will withdraw his opposition.
Mr. HALE. If there is a communication from
the Commissioner of Pensions, I hope that it wiil
be read. [The Secretary could find no sucjj paper.]
I understand that there'is no such communication
in this case.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not know positively
that there was a communication in this case, but
I stated that I presumed there was, for such com-
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the act to confirm Elizabeth Burriss, her heirs or
assigns, in their title to a tract of land.
Mr. KING observed that it ought to be taken
for granted when a case was reported upon unfa-
vorably, there was an end of it. Such had been
the general practice. In regard to the present case,
he did not think the Senate ought to sanction such
a claim at present. At all events, inasmuch as they
had authorized suit to be brought in reference to a !
portion of the same quarter section of land to deter-
mine the title, until the proceedings in that suit we^-e
concluded, it seemed to him that as prudent men
they ought to take no action on the subject, but
leave the matter to be decided by the court; and if
the decision should be adverse to the individual
claiming title, then it would become a question
how far they should exercise their liberality in he-
munication generally accompanies every case. I ji half of the present applicant; for-the claim m both
u
presume, therefore, there has been a communica-
tion made, though it be not now in the possession
of the Senate; but, at any rate, whether there is
any communication or not, there is proof sufficient
to show that this individual is entitled to a pen-
sion.
Mr. KING. Do I understand the Senator to
say there is no communication ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I-said I presumed there was,
but I have not looked through the papers in the
«ase,
Mr. KING. My friend from Louisiana, then,
had better let the bill lie over until we ascertain
whether there be any such communication.
Mr. JOHNSON. It appears to me that there
can be no necessity for further investigation of the
case. It has been examined by two committees, i
find reported upon very minutely and satisfacto- |
riiy. It is very easy for gentlemen to get up and
raise objections, but if we bontinually procrastinate
our business in this way it witt never be disposed
of. The bill has passed the House of Representa-
tives, apd the committee in that House, by whom
the case* was examined, pronounced it to be a very
meritorious case. The applicant was not only
wounded, but he was made an invalid for life. It
is'a very meritorious case.
Mr. KING. I cannot but admire the eagerness
.with which the honoiable Senator from Louisiana
advocates every case where a pension is sought to
be obtained. But, sir, i think my ftiend ought
not to charge other Senators either with a want of
proper liberality towards applicants, or with a
want of attention to such cases. If he, the chair-
man of the committee, is not a,ble to tell us whether
tmy communication from the Pension Ofnce has
been made in the case, how can he expect that we
should be in possession of the requisite knowl-
edge on the subject? Now, sir, this may be a very
meritorious claim; the applicant may have been a
very gallant soldier, and may have entitled himself j
to the bounty of the Government; but in all cases
of pensions we should be governed by certain rules,
unless where a specific reason is assigned for dis-
pensing with them. For myself, while I am per-
„ fectly ready and willing to vote a pension to every
soldier who has served his country faithfully in
cases where the bounty of the Government has Jj
been extended to others, yet I am not ready to ;;
vote for this bill without ascertaining why this in-
dividual, upon his application being made at the ;j
Pension Office, did not receive a pension. I want ;■
to know the reason why it was withheld from^1
him. . ;i
Mr. JOHNSON. If Senators are not satisfied n
with the evidence contained m the papers which ,
are produced, if would, I think, be hard to
satisfy them. However, I have no objection that '
it should lie over until to-morrow; but I certainly I
think it would be better to take the vote upon it at j
once. j j
♦ The question being taken, the bill was ordered ,
to a third reading; and, having been read a third ;
tirne, was passed.
The bill for the relief of Jesse B. Toller came up
for consideration; when -
Mr. BREESE moved that the bill be postponed j
indefinitely', giving as a reason, that a general law t
had already been passed embracing the case. j
The Senate then proceeded to consider the bill
tot the relief of David Penrod; when
Mr. BREESE observed that -this bill was also
embraced in the same general law; and he would
therefore move that it be indefinitely postponed.;
which motion was agreed to.
' cases rested upon the same ground. The proceed-
I ing upon this bill he regarded as altogether prema-
I ture. He had very little expectation, however,
that anything that he might urge would have any
weight.
Mr. DOWNS. The question in regard to this
grant was presented many years ago; and Con-
gress decided that in a case like this, where there
was bona fide proof of settlement, the grant should
be confirmed. And they did confirm such claims.
And I think that in a matter so small as this,
where the equity is so strong in favor of the indi-
vidual, it ought to prevail.
Since the report was made in the House of Rep-
resentatives in regard to this case, a similar claim
in relation to the same grant has been decided by
the court of Louisiana. The court held that the
grant was a good and valid one. A trial was had
by jury,and theydccided that the grant was a good
one. It is but a small matter, and the property
has been in the possession of the present claimants
for more than forty years.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not know,
that I understand the Senator from Louisiana. If
I do, he has stated the best reason in the world
why the bill should not pass. Here has been a
| judicial decision declaring that the grant is a good
one, and now it is proposed to take possession of
j another man's land and give it to this individual
, by act of the Congress of the United States. I un-
| derstand the Senator to say it is a valid grant.
! Mr. DOWNS. If the Senator will allow me, I
: will state what it was that I said. I said thecourt
i had decided that the title of another individual to 1
! another portion of the same grant was good. !
j Mr. DAVIS. I understood the gentleman, so. ;
! Perhaps I made the case a little stronger than I :
* ought; but is it not sufficient demonstration to us, J
| that when one portion has undergone judicial in- i
vestigation, ana the tide has been established to
be good, we ought to be cautious how we proceed?
Suppose the question should be raised in the courts
as to the title*to the very tract that is covered by
the bill on your table: is it not plain that the
United States, undertaking to convey the property,
and to give a good title to the individual, will be
bound to support that title? The bill ought to go j
no further than to concede all the inteiwst which jl
the United States has in the property, and no jj
more. !
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. That is all that I
it proposes. j
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask that the bill may be read. ;
The hill was read by the Secretary. i
Mr. DAVIS. We!!*, it turns out as I supposed, j
It is an absolute confirmation of the title to this j
individual. It is not a release of the title of the ;
United States, but an absolute title to the^tract of •
land, a concession of the whole of it. The bill j
ought to be amended so as tu concede nothing but
the interest which ti^ United States possesses. j
Mr. DOWNS. T have no objection to add a i
proviso to that effect. I thought it was so ex- j
pressed in the bill. 1
' Mr. JOHNSON. I was under the impression
that it only amounted to a relinquishment of tne :
title of the United States. If it be not so, the bill
should be amended.
The bill was amended by adding the words,, "s
far as the United States has title thereto."
The bill was read a third time and passed.
'The Senate proceeded to consider the bill for
the relief of James B. Davenport; which having
been read—
Mr. DOWNS. A memorial was presented at
the last session in relation to the same sectiCn of*
land, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims. This morning the committee have
reported, directing that Joshua Holden have au-
thority to enter the east halfof the southwest quar-
ter of the sixteenth section, &c. I move that the
bill be amended by adding this clause.
Mr. BREESE. It will be seen, by looking at .
the calendar, that this bill is reported from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, while the
subject embraced in the bill belongs exclusively to
the Committee on Public Lands. I should like to
hear the report read.
The report was read by the Secretary.
Mr. BREESE. 1 should like to have time to
look into this bill. I see it provides that the grant
of the sixteenth section shall not be valid until a
majority of the voters of the township shall express
their wishesin that behalf. This is a subject which
appropriately belongs to the Committee on Public
Lands, and it should have been submitted to that
committee.
Mr. DOWNS. If the Senator had expressed
such a desire last session, it would undoubtedly
have been complied with; butasithas been exam-
ined by the Committee on Private'Land Claims,
I think it is sufficient. Cases of a similar nature,
have been repeatedly referred to that committee,
and no objection has ever before been made. I cer-
tainly think it is somewhat strange that the gen-
tleman should raise, such an objection now. The
amendment which I propose makes no difference
in the principle of the bill; it only was intended to
obviate the necessity for a separate bill. Each of
the claimants has acquired title to a small portion
of that section of land, and has settled upon his -
respective portion in good faith, holding it upon
the condition that the inhabitants of the township
give him the right to hold it; and it seems to me
they should be allowed what they ask. This cass
hfe been long pending. A great many of these
cases were thrown over at the close of the last ses-
sion; we have now reached them, and I certainly
think they ought to be acted upon without further
delay. '
Mr.'BREESE. Neither the ability nor the
fidelity of the Committee on Private Land Claims
1 is at all' doubted. I have no disposition to ques-
! tion their ability to do justice to any subject; but
i that is not the question. There are certain classes
I of cases which ought always to have a similar
j reference; there are distinctions which should al-
i ways be preserved. Nor have I dissented from
the passage of the bill. I only ask thaLit may be
postponed until I have an opportunity to look
into it.
Mr. DOWNS. To that I have no objection.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
HOUSE BILLS.
The following bills from the House were sev-
erally read a third time and passed;
An act for the relief of Elisha Thompson;
All act for the relief of James P. Sexton;
An act for the relief of Simon Rodrigues.
The Senate then proceeded to consider.an act
for the relief of Marcus l'\ Johnson; and, without
disposing thereof, on motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 98, 1§48.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
The SPEAKER said that tjie (hit business in
order would be the call of the_ States and Terri-
tories for petitions, (commencing where the call
had last been suspended.)
Petitions were presented by Messrs. oTUARt' Ot
Michigan, Fries, Thompson of Pennsylvania,
Poii.ock, Butler, Greeley, Tcck, Hall of
New York, and Cliwomajt.
When the State of Illinois was cat.ed—
Mr RICHARDSON inquired of tr.e Speaker.
whether it would be in ordir to present a resolu-
tl°The SPEAKER said it would be in order when
the States were called.
Mr. RICHARDSON inquired wnethcr the
State0 would be called for resolutions to-ia.y?
% The SPEAKER said, that unless the regular
order of business was interrupted, the States would
! be called.
