1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
'lit
the school lands in the State of Florida," reported
the sarae hack to the House without amendment.
On motion of Mr. EVANS,
Ordered, That the said hill bu laid upon the table.
jVIr. CABELL moved that the vote by which
the foregoing bill was ordered to be laid on the
table be reconsidered; which motion to reconsider
was postponed for the present. .
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, from the Committee
on Public Lands, to whom was referred a resolu-
tion of the House of the instant, directing the
said -committee to inquire into the propriety of
establishing an additional land office in the State
of Missouri north of the Missouri river, made a
report thereon; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
willing to make-provision for it. His only objec
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, was proceeding briefly !
t to state what the action of Congress had been, •
j when—
| Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL suggested that it would
l be' agreeable to all parliamentary exaction, and ,
| contributory to the end desired by his colleague,
! [Mr. Dickey,] as well as by the gentleman on the :
j other side of the House, that the bill should be j
{ allowed to pass now; that a motion to reconsider '
j^should be entered: and if by to-morrow morning :
| it' should appear that the bill should not have
] been passed, the motion to reconsider "could be
; agreed to.
This suggestion having been assented to—
whether he has rpcived anyfnformation iJm .American
urf <k-
thereof,
(if
opinion inconsistent with the public interest) tofui-
MM) this Bouse with ali conf?po!idene« i;s retatnin thereto,"
I communicate neiewith a report oi the Secretary of State,
! toother with the accompanying corr^pondcnco upon jthe
■ subj-ct. JAMBS K. POLK.
; w ashixotok, December 27, 1843.
I .The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
I letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
! mittiyg a communication from the Commissioner
j of the General Land Office, enclosing the annual
j report of the Surveyor General, of Louisiana, and
| accompanying papers ; which letter, &c., were
| referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
: ordered to be printed.
-f Mr. GAYLE, by unanimous consent, obtained,
leave and introduced a bill granting to the State
Mr. THOMAS,from the Committee on Claims, ,| The bill, by general consent, was ordered to a 'j of Alabama the right of way and a donation of
iirhnm f ho t\P Cia/wrm ~\AT i1_* ,1  I  _ ± .1. **  J J  1    ,1 i  • i .  t* i   -i i /  i -i
so whom was referred the petition of George W.
Farmer, made an adverse report thereon; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
LOST HORSES. f
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
further to continue in force the acis for the pay-
ment of horses and oiher property lost in the mil-
itary service of the United Stales, reported the
same back to the House without amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL briefly explained that the
existing acts would expire on the 3d of March
next, and that the bill only proposed to continue
them in force as they now stood for five years
longer. He appealed to the House to allow a bill
so necessary as this to pass at once.
The bill having; been read through—
Mr. DICKEY said, Congress had passed an act
at the last session which made provision for the
payment o( horses lost, and which had no limita-
tion to its operation—which did not expire with the
close of the session: That act came from the
Committee on Military Affairs, and provided for
the payment of theTexan volunteers, and for other
purposes. Every class of claims for horses lost
was provided for in that bill; and he thought the
Committee on the Judiciary would find, upon ex-
amination, that there was a law now in force
continuing all the provisions of the act of 1837.
He did not see in his seat the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] who was a member
of the Committee on Military Affairs; but he knew
that gentleman's recollection would be perfect on
that subject—that there was a law now in force
which provided for every case, and whose opera-
tion was without limitation.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, said his friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] was right in saying
that a bill had passed at the last session of Con-
gress, providing for the payment of all horses lost
in the Mexican war. But that gentleman would
no doubt remember that that bill was an amend-
ment to the bill which had been passed two years
ago, and which expired on the 3d of March next.
Upon inquiry at the Third Auditor's office early
in the session, he had learned from the Third
Auditor that "that was the construction which- he
placed on the act; and owing to the fact of his
having receive^ that information from thai quarter,
he (Mr. H.) had introduced this bill at this ses-
sion, it being a bill which merely revived the acts
which were now in force. 'AlPthese acts expired
on the third of March next, according to the con-
struction of the proper department. He would
further remark, that this bill did not add anything
to the acts already existing; it merely continued
them in force just as they were.
Mr. INGERSOLL said he would remark, with
entire respect to his colleague, [Mr. Dickey,] that
the impression of the Committee on the Judiciary,
after examination, was exactly that which had
been stated by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Hall;] they thought that there would be a defect
in the law if the present bill should not bepassed.
If the gentleman thought that there was anything
' in it dangerous or supererogatory, he could take
exceptions to it.
- Mr. DICKEY said that he should prefer that the
bill should go over until time had been allowed for
its examination, and to see whether the cases con-
templated by it had not already been provided for
by l&w. He thought that the bill of the last-ses*
sion continued to provide, without limitation, for
every supposable case. If there were any case
not provided for by the bill of last year, he was
third reading at this time, and having been read j
;| a third time, was passed.
Jf On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, !
]j Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom i
}'• was referred the resolution of the House of the 11th instant, 1
j! directing said committee to inquire into the propriety of
i. recommending to the States of this Union so to amend the ;
fj Constitution as-to change the mode ofelectmcthe President j
j| and Vice President of the United States after the ye«tr 1850, j
j be discharged from the further consideration thereof, and
I that the said resolution he laid upon the table. j
I; On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, * i
'I Oidered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis- !
charged from the further consideration of the petition of I
citizens of Newhnryport, and others, citizens of Ma^saehu- !
sett*, piajing that the law tnay be so amended as to in- I
creaSe the per diem pay and mileage of jurors serving in ;
the courts of the United States, and that said petition be '
laid upon the tabie. j
ELECTION OF GOVERNMENT OFFICERS. j
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, J
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
public lands, for making a railroad from Mobile
to the mouth of the Ohio river, and for other pur-
poses: which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. ' -
Mr. VINTON now renewed his motion.
And the question was taken thereon, and de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union—Mr. Thomp-
son, of Indiana, in the chair. j
Mr. VINTON moved that the Committee pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill maKmg appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in appropriations
: for the service of the fiscal year ending on the 30th
I of June, 1849.
. The bill was read through.
. Mr. POLLOCK took the floor, with the remark
| that he had a word to say on the bill. ,
[n reply to a suggestion by the Chairman, not
charged fiom the fmther consideration of the resolution of ' distinctly heard—
, Mr. POLLOCK said that this bill made appro-
\ priations to supply certain deficiencies in appropri-
ations. It was his intention to vote for it. H&
the House of the 12th instant, directing gaid committee to
inquire mto*the expediency of pa^simr a'law for the election !
'[ of all officers of the United States Government directly by ;
!) the people, and that *aul resolution he laid upon the table. .
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the readin- of r dil? Pot P™po«e, by the part he mighUake on the
 cr„ suoiect to wmcn he intended to address his re-
the resolution. He understood that the gentleman
: from Pennsylvania [Mr. Incersoix] had moved
to lay the resolution on the table.
; The SPEAKER suggested to Mr. Ingersoll,
that the more parliamentary motipn would be to
i ask that the committee be discharged from the
: further consideration of the subject, and that the
! report be laid on the table.
j Mr. INGERSOLL said, that was the character
: of the motion he had intended to submit,
j TheSPEAKER, (addressingMr. Wextworth.)
;l And that motion in not debatable.
; Mr,'WENTWORTH said he would like to
] have the yeas and
marks, to'provoke any discussion which should
delay its passage. He hoped it might be passed
1 at the earliest practicable moment.
' Mr. VINTON rose to make u suggestion.
Mr. POLLOCK having yielded the floor for the
:! purppse—
Mr. VINTON said that there were several
]' amendments to be offered to the bill from the Com-
!, mittee of Ways and Means; -that before the gen-.
,j tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Pollock] entered
: into a debate, in which he probably would be
, followed by others, he (Mr. V.) hoped lie would
sa.u lie wouiu i.Ke ^ and-that
IS' and he II if J^emen « <0 open a genera! debate it
should be done afterwards. He had ho^ed that a
bill merely designed to supply deficiencies in ap-
propriations—and which, lie believed, was all
right—might have been disposed of without-de-
bate.
Mr. POLLOCK said he had no objection that
the amendments referred to by the chairman-of
the Committee of Ways and Aleans should be
reported.
The CJI AIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor?
Mr. POLLOCK said, (on consideration,) that
the amendments could be offered after he had sub-
mitted the few remarks he intended to make.
Mr. VINTON thereupon resumed his .seat; and
Mr. POLLOCM continued. Thebiii, he said,
involved appropriations of money; and as a mat-
ter of four4, the means by winch funds were to
be raised to meet these appropii&tion§ was legili- ■
mutely the subject-matter of debate. If money
1. it v/r.s legitimate- and
inquire tm what means
ught into tu
hoped the House would give them to him.
The SPEAKER said, the question would be on
discharging the committee from the further con-
sideration of the subject, and on laying the report
on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH sailed for tellers on the
veas- and nay's, but they were refused. And the
House refused also to order the yeas and nays.
; Thequestion was then taken,and the Committee I!
| on the Judiciary wefe discharged from the further '!
1 consideration of the subject, and the report was
I ordered to lie on the table. i
i HEIRS OF GENERAL KOSCIUSKO. :
! On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
' Ordered, Thnt the Comimt'ff on the Judiciary be dis-
' charged from the fuulier consideration of the memorial of
\ Yl;iiii-!:iu--. Wankowiez. ^rand nephew ofGeneial Tliadrteu>. ; t
! Kostiii^ko. praying tor the passa;n of a special aet of v.-nu?. 1
' providing for tlio removal of cases concerning the estate of ,
Genera!iKoseinskoi'iom the United States OnemtCnm! .or 1
j the district of Mai} land, and that tile said memoriai be laid ,
upon the table.
: DEFICIENCY IX APPROPRIATIONS,
i Mr. VINTON" rose and said, that the biil to
! supply deficiencies in appropiiations tor the Service
: of the fiscal year ending on the 30th of .Time,
i 1849, having been made the special order for yes-
i terday, he would move that the House resoive-tt-
j self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
[ the Union, for the purpose of proceeding to its
consideration.
| Mr. V., however, at the lequest of the Sneaker,
| waived his motion for the moment, to enauie
i The SPEAKER to present the following Exec- j
i utive communication:
! To the House of Representatives:
| I« eomphancfi with the resolution of the House of the
■ lltii instant, requesting the President to inform that bot.y 1
was to be ar:piopric\!cd, _
props/ for this Hou&e to i
that money was to be brought into the treasuiy.
He had not risen with the intention of entering
info a general discussion on tiie tariff question. If
the House had gone into committee for the ptir-
' --* the Presi-
have
    -efer-
He would have advocated and would vote
for the reference of so much of the message aa
re'ated to the finances of tne country to the Cosn-
mittte or" Ways and Means; behev.ns; that up to
this period m our history this had been regarded
as the appropriate committee. He had no objec-
tion to the reference to the Committee on Manu-
