118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28,
factures other than this—that the settled policy of
this Government seemed now to be to combine the,
principles of revenue and protection. The refer-
ence to the Committee on Munufactures would
seem to separate the question, whilst a reference
to the Committee of Ways and Means would
obviate that difficulty; and, in the last-named
committee, that consideration which its importance
demanded would be given to the subject, both as
to the question of revenue and the question of pro-
tection, which he believed was, and ought to be,
the fixed and settled policy of the Governmdht.
No gentleman on this floor was a more firm
advocate of the protective policy than he was. And
when he voted, as he should vote, for the reference
of that portion of the message to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and against the reference to
the Committee on Manufactures, it was not on
account of any opposition he might have to that
doctrine. On the contrary, if the question was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
the effect, as he had no doubt, would be, that a
report would be presented to the country, which
would investigate the subject in all its length and
breadth, and put it in such a form as to establish
the principles of those who advocate the protective
policy. There'^as a necessity for this reference.
There was a necessity that the subject should be
thoroughly examined by some committee or other.
When the act of 1846 was passed, the friends of the
law of 1843 opposed its passage for many reasons.
Among others, the ad valoreto principle, which had
been substituted in lieu of specific duties, was con-
sidered an innovation, not only upon the principles
which had heretofore controlled the legislation of
this country, but of all the civilized countries in
the world. Nq country could be found where a
system of ad valorem duties prevailed as it did in
our own. The friends of the law of 1842 were
not only opposed to this innovation, but they said
that the law of 1846 was a total abandonment of
the protective policy. It was so regarded at the
time of its passage. Experience had proved that
the fears then entertained were more than realized;
for while the revenue had been temporarily aug-
mented, it had been found that the other great
principle which had been surrendered m that bill
was utterly destroyed, and that, as-a consequence?
our manufactures had been prostrated with it.
They opposed it not only on the ground of the
abandonment of the protective principle, but be-
cause the mode ofrissessment discriminated against
the manufactures of the United States. The bill
would show that a higher rate of duty was assessed
on the raw material than upon manufactured arti-
cles; the difference of duty being but a premium
to tha foreign manufacturer to introduce his wares
and merchandise (foreign rivalry, as it was termed j
in the report of the Secretary of thcTieasury) into I
the United -States, and substitute them for the !
American manufactured aiticle. These discrimin-
ations had acted injuriously, and the result would
be, that unless the act was repealed, every branch
of industry must suffer.
He did not propose to enter upon an elaborate
argument to show how these ad valorem duties
necessarily destroyed the principle of protection.
Specific duties, fixed and permanent as they were,
operated, under all circumstances, to maintain the
industry of the country. But ad valorem duties,
fluctuating, changeable, fickle as the wind, failed to
give protection when protection most was needed,
as could be demonstrated in cases without number.
He must confess his surprise that his friend
and_co!feague ov^r the way [Mr. Thompson]
should a few days sincc, in the debate on the Pres-
b ident's message, have referred to the tariff of 3842
in the terms-wluch he had used. Why, that gen-
tleman and hitns?'f, shoulder to shoulder, had bat- j
tied on this, lloor in defence not only of the act of !
1842, but of protective policy embodied in it; j
and when the geisthnvo haa risen and denounced j
that
measuie as an o'lious one, containing within
itself the elements of i*s own destruction, he con
fess&d he was struck witn surprise. He knew not j
how to account for the change which had come i
over the spirit of the gentleman's dream; certainly !
there was nothing in "the recent events that had }
transpired in Pennsylvania that could change his '
sentiments on the protective policy. But political !;
associations often involved gentlemen in strtujo-e 1:
inconsistences, and it might be, that having attached
himself to the fortunes of a party, the gentleman
had felt constrained, in consistency with the course
of that party, in some degree to. violate the doc-
trines which he himself had laid down. The gen-
tleman"^ great and paramount objection to the tariff
of 1842 was to the minimum principle it con-
tained; yet, at the same time, he advocated the
modification of the tariff of 1846, by repeating the
ad valorem duties so far as related to the protection
of coai^and iron, and by substituting upon these
articles specific duties. The question had been
asked his colleague by gentlemen on this floor how
he would discriminate between the principles of min-
imum and specific duties—what was the difference?
It was a question which was very properly asked,
and his friend had certainly failed to give a very
definite or u very satisfactory answer. The differ-'
ence between minimum and specific duties was, in
fact, merely a difference in form, not in substance;
the one was an assessment upon a certain fixed
quantity;' the other was the assessment of a certain
ad valorem duty upon a determinate value, which
was assumed to be fixed: under the minimum prin-
ciple, twenty cents was taken to be the value of a
yard of cotton; a duty ot 30 per cent, levied upon
that value, made a duty of six cents unchanged
and unchangeable.
Mr. HOUMES, of South Carolina, interposed
and said, as he had not heard the bill, he desired
the gentleman to inform him to what part he was
referring—what section it was that treated of ad
valoti^i and specific duties ? [Laughter.]
Mr. POLLOCK admitted it was very difficult to
point out the precise section [renewed laughter] to
which his remarks were applicable; nevertheless,
he believed he was in order according to the usages
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and he hoped.to be excused while he con-
tinued the course of remark upon which he had
entered.
lie proceeded at length to examine and criticise
various portions of the annual report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and of the message of the
President, as far as it related to the state of the
finances, and to point out, in both, what he charged
| to be serious errors—especially in the statement of
the total amount of our importations during the
year ending 30th June, 3848. The Secretary, he
said, stated that total amount to be $127,490,012,
and that the revenue raised thereon was $31,500,000.
This was an increase, according to that officer's
own reports, in the revenue, of §8,000,000 over
the revenue received during the previous year,
while the increase of importations was but $11,-
000,000. An increase of $8,000,000 revenue, and I
of only $11,000,000 imports! He argued, from
the Secretary's own figures, that the revenue of
l>3l,f 00,000 was raised, not upon $127,000,000,
but upon ^141,024,844; and thus that the Secre-
! tary was m error §13,534,832 in stating the total ,
, amount of foreign productions consumed m the j
j count!y during the year, and per consequence in
I error when he stated the balance of trade for the
year to be in our favor &2,713,097, whereas his
own figures showed that it was $10,821,135 against
us.
He dealt largely in figures, in his demonstration
of the above and other points, and several times
gave way to Mr. McLane, who combated his po-
sitions, and vindicated the correctness of the Sec-
retary's report.
[We do not attempt, in this report, to enter into
the minute statistical statements of either gentle-
man, but feave them to be recorded in fulfin the
Appendix.]
Mr. P. then proceeded to argue, by acompari- i
son of the practical operation of the acts of 1842
and 1846, that, as a revenue measure—all things
being equal—the act of 1842, in principle and m
details, was preferable to the act of 1846, and that,
had it not been for extraordinary and exciting
circumstances connected with tr^de, the ruinous
effects of the latter would long since have been
demonstrated.
At this point in his remarks, he said he would
stop. He had not said all he intended to say,'but
would probably avail himself of some other occa-
sion to do so.
Mr. VINTON repeated, that he had entertained
the hope that a bill to supply deficiencies in appro-
priations for the current' year would not have given
rise to debate. It was important that it should be
when he (Mr. H.) desired to be informed what
part of the bill he was speaking to.
This subject of the tariff had been opened by
th.e gentleman from Pennsylvania. It was a very"
broad one, and if entered upon, would be debated
here—so far as could be conjectured—for weeks*.
There would be other occasions on which gentle-
merf, could debate the subject, and the report of.
the Secretary of the Treasury. It was already
before,the Committee of Ways and Means; and
to put a stop to this debate—which, if it proceeded
further, bid fair- to be a debate without limit-—lie
would, for the purpose of getting the bill through
with some amendments which ought to be acted
upon immediately, move that the committee rise,
with a view of enabling him to offer a resolution
in the House to stop debate.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON offered a resolution m the usual
terms, providing that all debate on the said bill
should cease, in Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, in five minutes after it should
again have been taken up, and that the committee
I should then proceed to vote on all amendments
pending or to be offered.
The resolution was adopted. .
And then, on motion of Mr. V., the House again
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Thompson, of Indiana,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
said bill.
Under the resolution which had been adoped in
the House, five minutes only remained for debate*
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, occupied
i these five minutes in a few remarks, mainly directed
to a reply to a position taken in debate on a former
day, that mjnimums and specific duties were the
'same thing. . Mr. T. declared this to be atnew
discovery. He contended that there was a vast
difference between the two—specific duties being
dlways assessed on the real value, whilst minimum
auties applied to any artificial rule.
The time allotted for debate having expired, the
committee proceeded to vote.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, offered the following amendments: In-
sert between lines 41 and 42, the following; which
was agreed to:
For the reappiopriation of this sum, (carried to the sur-
plus fund,) Itelne the purchase of aorieultural implements,
cattle, mechanic's' toots, for the Ottawas and Chippewas,
stipulated in the fourth clause ot the fourth article of the
treaty of 28th March, 1^36, $5,406 47.
Mr. VINTON moved to add after the foregoing
amendment, the following; which was agreed to:
For payment of services of blacksmith and striker, of the
Hioctawf!, rendered after the treaty provision 'had expired
by limitation, and befoie he was notified thereof; nnd for
coal furnished the-shop duriny the same time, *156 98.
For expense* of an agent m taking the censusof the North
Carolina Cherokee*, under the fourth section of the.actof
29th July, 18-18, $400.
For continuing the collecting and digesting of such statis-
tics and material* as ;n(ty illustrate the hiftory, the present
condition, and future piospects of the Indian tribes of the
United State?.,
For roappropi ration of this sum, (carried to the surplus
fund.) for pay, subsistence, and clothinj? of the compiny of
sappeu and miners and p'ontoniers, and for carr>in£r out the
other purposes of the act of May 35th, 1846, ,<*23,2o9 40.
Mr. VINTON moved to add after the foresoinff,
the following:
To enable the Clerk of the House to furnish to members
j of the House the books authorized by the resolution ot the
1 7th August, 1818,-,<£76,000.
Mr: VINTON, in explanation of this amend-
ment, said that this was an appropriation to carry
into effect a vote of the House of the last session
of Congress, nnd which had been the subject of
its consideration last week. The House had last
week decided that the books provided for in a reso-
lution should be purchased. The Committee of
Ways and Means had no alternative, if they had
any other disposition, but to report this amendment.
I he appropriation was based on the estimate
which the Clerk of the House made, as necessary
j to carry out the object of the resolution.
I .. Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to strike out
: tne words t£ seventy-six thousand*' dollars, and
j insert " seventy thousand" dollars.
i Mr. J. said, he had thi3 morning learned that
'-n.y-ix-pie-f
man from South Carolina [Mr. Holsjes] of the
gentleawn from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Pollock,]
j some of these books for sale in this city, and that
probably there werejio places where they could be
purchased, unless they might be purchased from
