1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I perceive that Senator is not now in his place, and
may not be prepared to offer his objections to the
hill'at this moment, I hope the genileman on the
opposite side of the Chamber [Mr. Westcott]
will not be disposed to press the consideration of
the bill. I hope it will be allowed to lie over till
some' day when the Senator from Rhode island
shall be in his "place.
Mr, WESTCOTT. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will not insist upon his motion, for this
reason: The Legislature of my State is now in
session, ami will probably adjourn in January;
and unless this bill-be passed to-day, I apprehend
it will be delayed too long in the House of Repre-
sentatives for the action of the Florida Legislature
during the present session. I am persuaded that
the bill will pass the other House without opposi-
tion; and if it can be passed here to-day, it may
be in time for the acceptance of the Stale. I regret
chat the Senators from Missouri and Illinois [Mr.
Benton arid Mr. Breese] are not in their places,
but I must press the consideration.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will make sc motion
that the consideration of the bill be postponed till
to-morrow; and I will add, that if th'is motion does
•not prevail, the Senator from Rhode Island must
be prevented from offering his opposition.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Is the Senator from Rhode
Island anywhere in the city ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not know where
he is.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The bill might pass over
for an hour or so, until the Senator shall appear.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I apprehend that the
S^uiate will adjotfrft shortly, and ft will be all the
same whether the bill lie over only for an hour or
till Tuesday.
Mr.WESTCOTT. Veryweli. I urge no further
objection.
So the consideration of the bill and amendment
was then postponed till Tuesday.
JOHN P. BALDWIN.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the bill
for the relief of John P. Baldwin; and the report
having been read—
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, this claim
belongs to % class of cases with the principle of
which I have never been satisfied since I have been
a member of Congress. I do not know, sir, that
until the present session of Congress, this principle
has ever been discussed. It may have been dis-
cussed at former sessions of Congress; but if so,
I am not apprized of the fact. It does appear to
me that if the new principle upon which this claim
lis based, after looking at it in all its various aspects,
is to be sanctioned and established by the authority
of Congress, it will lead to very dangerous results.
I rise now, therefore, in a few words, to enter my
last protest against it.
Now. sir, the simple principle involved in the
matter is this: that when an officer of the navy or
army of the United States orders the destruction of
property to prevent its falling into the hands of the
enemy, and the property is destroyed in accord-
ance with that order, the Government is morally
bound to pay for it. I deny, sir, that there is any
such principle, or that there ought to be such a
one existing. Now, suppose it be true that'if
the property was abandoned without being de-
stroyed, it would have fallen into the hands of the
enemy and by them been destroyed—suppose that
to be the case, what has the individual owner of
the property lost? Nothing, sir; not one cent.
What does the Government gain by the destruc-
tion of the property? Not a cent, sir. The only
gain the Government derives from the destruction
of the property is, the preventing of an enemy
from corning into possession of the propeity, and
appropriating it to his use. Sir, is that the prin-
ciple you intend to establish, that when property
is abandoned because of the approach of an ene-
my, it must be destroyed in order to prevent its
falling into the possession of that enemy, and that
the sufferers by such destruction are to be reim-
bursed for their losses? Is.that the principle, sir?
If so, let us look for a moment to the conse-
quences.
I ask the Senate this question: If the property
would inevitably have been destroyed by the ene-
my, in case it had been abandoned, what has the
individual owner of that property lost? , I aftkm
that he has lost nothing. In the case of Captain
Center you pass a bill claiming damages for prop-
I erty lost in a smatl place called Micanopy. The i j owners. This, sir, is a new nrincipfce, and was
troops quartered there, and all the inhabitants, ij never introduced until recently,' During the whole
I Abandoned t"® place. They could not carry all jj of the revolutionary war—to my knowledge, and.
i the property in the place away, and accordingly i' I was for four years a member of the Committee
, the property remaining was destroyed to prevent;; on Revolutionary Claims—there never was a claim
i its falling into the hands of the Indians; and a por- j| allowed in Congress for property destroyed ' to.
j Hon of it-being owned by Center, he comes here j: prevent,its falling into the hands of the enemy; =
| for reimbuisement for his loss. Let me illustrate ^ or, if there were such a claim allowed, £ suppose
| with this fact a moment. Suppose this property, i it must have passed—as it was said the other day '
| for want of means of transportation, had been left s' the apt reducing the mileage of the messengers
at Micanopy, and that, in the course of an hour j; bearing the Presidential votes was
alter its abandoament, the Indians enter the place / time when nobody was paying any attention to it.
and appropriate the property to their own use, : But in all these cases, if you settle the principle
would not the appropriation of the property by the y at all, it must Be on the ground that the enemy
Indians to their benefit have been equally as much J would have been benefited by the property if it
a loss to Center as to have it destroyed by the |j had not been destroyed. But I cannot see that
United States? Now, if this be true—and it is ii this circumstance can make any particular differ-
upon ^he truth of this hypothesis that all these bills |J ence, either with the owners of property or the
are based-—I say, if it be true that in any case the j- commander who might order its destruction,
property would have been destroyed, what, I again {| Formerly, the officers of the United States, for
ask, has the individual owner lost? When you acts of this description, were sued by the owners -
come to value and pay for property destroyed, of property destroyed by their order, and judg-
you should, of course, take into consideration the • ments being obtained against them, they came to<
circumstances connected with its injury and de- i| Congress for relief, where they might%how th ab-
straction; and now Ij>ut to any member present, [, their orders were given in the proper discharge of
their duty, and for the benefit of the country; but
that the circumstances were of such a character as.
that the judiciary of the country faere obliged to
hold them responsible for the property destroyed.
Under all these cases, formerly, the officers, not
the sufferers, applied to Congress for relief. Your
officers had to resist the judgment of the courts,
and throw themselves upon the liberality and good
sense of Congress for remuneration. But in these
modern times we have got clear of that practice.
what is any article of property worth in a frontier
town after the town has been abandoned and left
to the mercy of Indians? How much would any
sensible man give for property left in such a situ-
ation ? What would it bring in any market upon
earth? It would be worth nothing, sir, nothing.
But yet, in the allowance of fefois class of cases,
you compensate the individual for the full value of
his property, wl^en, taking the peculiar circum-
stances in which it was placed into consideration,
if you-should make it an individual transaction, jj Now it is only necessary for a petitioner to come
| no man living would have given a cent for the |j in here and say, my property has been destroyed
i property. i to prevent its falling into the hau<js of the enemy;
| Allow me for a moment to advert to the other jj some one of your officers ordered its destruction,
I idea which has been advanced in this discussion, j, and now the Government must pay me for it.
j It has been argued, that if the property had been i1 Let me illustrate this- by an example. Here is
l left without Toeing destroyed, it would have fallen |: a house on fire in the neighborhood of other houses-
into their possession, and would have enabled ii —they may be of wood or of brick—and there is
them to prosecute with more vigor their campaign, h no engine at hand to put out the fire; what is that
besides inflicting a greater amount of injury upon jj house worth? It is worth nothing; and men pull
this country. 1 will admit, sir, that good foraging |j it down to save the other property, near and re-
ground is always an advantage to the enemy, rich jj mote, if they have no engine to put out the fire
fields, well-filled barns, and good smokehouses, ; 
are means of usefulness in the prosecution of a i
military campaign not to be despised. But is this j
the principle, sir, that we are now about to estab-
i lish, that when a country is invaded the inhabitants i
| of that country may burn up their haystacks, kill
i their bullocks, destroy their houses, and make
way with all their property, and run off from the j
And what is the adjoining house worth? That
also is worth nothing; and why ? because its de-
struction is also inevitable; because it will certainly
be burnt with the house that is already being con-
sumed.
Well, sir, according to the principles of the com-
mon law, the house destroyed under these circum-
stances is not to be paid for. But there is fre-
defence of their country, and afterwards come to quently established a conventional rule on the part
i Congress and have the Government pay them for
; all the loss they have sustained by such destruc- i
! tion? But, say you, in this case the officer burnt j
1 it because he found he could not defend the prop- j
j erty against an invading enemy: this is the differ- J
j ence, and this constitutes the principle upon which •
you reimburse the sufferer, that if you had not
of all the people of a city or large town—a rule
which a single community establishes for itself**-
that, inasmuch as the destruction of the house'
under such circumstances-may have been a means
of the preservation of other property, the owner
should be compensated. But this is only a con-
ventional principle, not a rule of the common law.
s caused the property to be destroyed it would have I. Now, sir, it seems to me, that if this conventional
been used by the enemy advantageously against
us. This is a very cowardly principle, sir. It
invites the people of the country, in case of inva-
sion, to abandon their homes and destroy all their
| property, instead of manfully meeting and resisting
I the enemy; and when they have done that, they
j can call upon the Qovernment to reimburse them
; for their property upon the principle, that if they
: had not done so the enemy would have taken it
. into their possession, and made profit out of'it.
, /Upon that ground it is manifest that it makes no
material difference whether the destruction is occa-
sioned by the officer or by the act of the owner
I of the property—none whoever in that point of
! view; for payment for loss sustained will be made
! in either case. Where is the difference, let me
,! ask? Here is a military officer holding possession
: of a certain location of country, and giving pro-
'j tection to the inhabitants residing there and in the
immediate neighborhood. An enemy approaches,
I and the officer, fearing that he will not be afele to
! maintain his ground, retires from the place, march-
ing off with all the people at his heels. Now,
principle by which we pay for the destruction ot
j a house adjoining the flames, which would have
been inevitably consumed at any rate, because its
destruction was a means of preservation to other
property, were to be applied to such cases as that
now before the Senate, it seems to me it would be
1 establishing a principle that would pay for all the
property destroyed by an invading army, as well
as for all property destroyed to prevent Us falling
into the hands oif the enemy. 1 trust, therefore,
, that you will not extend the principle to this latter
description of cases. The reason why I think
! there should be a discrimination made between the
case which I have given and the cose before the
, Senate is this: in the one case the flames were #
' consuming the property, which fact is ascertained
; by positive proof, and reduced to such certainty
as to leave no doubt on the mind of anybody;
while in the other case, the property in question
having been scattered along over the whole coun-
; try, it is truly impossible to have the facts pre-
sented with sufficient clearness and certainty to
show precisely how the matter stands. In all these
ii does it make any difference whether the property ■ cases heretofore presented the testimony has been
Ij owned in the place is destroyed by the officer or entirely ex parte.
j| by the inhabitants, to prevent its failing into the j Sir, we have what we call freshets sometimes
;i hands of the enemy, a3 regards payment for that i; out in the West, which do much mischief to the
jj destroyed property? in either case, as I before inhabitants—freshets which overflow the river hot-
jj stated, if you establish this principle, the value of toms, and destroy the crops of corn and other
u the property destroyed must be returned to the grains, and-carry off stock; and sometimes there"
