124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
when this Glaim had first been made upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States. He was certain that
it had been made as early as the commencement of
the present Congress. It might have been here for
a number of yeags. He had ascertained that upon
some former occasion, ^and before some former
committee, an adverse report had been drawn, but
that it had not been submitted to the consideration
of Congress. Similar claims, he saw by the Jour-
nal, had been almosf uniformly referred to the
Committee on Claims. Such had been the course
of proceeding since* the year 1818. The present
petition had been referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. This, he presumed, was all right;
but the direction was not in accordance with what,
as exhibited in the Journals of preceding years,
had been given to such claims.
It was a little strange to look into the history of
this matter. During the war of the Revolution,
almost all the States of the Union tolerated slavey.
Slaves wece found, more or less, in all parts of the
country. Tftere were, to be sure, but few .in the
North as compared with the number in the South;
but still there were some in almost all the Colonies
when they went into the struggle; and that relation
continued during the existence of the struggle.
Although the presumption was strongthatduring
the war persons of this description were engaged
in the service of the United States, and suffered and
were destroyed in it, yet it did not appear that a
single application was made after the adoption of
the Constitution of the United States for any re-
muneration for loss of slaves. In fact, it did not
appear that claims of this kind began to be made
until the fourteenth Congress.
' What had been the early history of the Govern-
ment on this subject? The first case to which he
had turned his attention would be found in the
fourth volume of MS. reports, page 160, at the
first session of the fourteenth Congress. It was
the case of Lieutenant Montgomery, who took his
slave with him, Lieutenant M. being an officer in
the service. The slave was killed. Claim for
compensation was made. The committee, com-
posed of men from all sections of the country, said
in their report, that44 it was not conceived that the
'United States ought to be liable for the value of
4 the slave if he should be killed, or by any other
4 accident lost to the owner."
This was the first case he had been able to find.
Such had been the report of the committee in
that case, and (hat report had been sustained,
upon full consideration, by the House. This was
some time subsequent to the last war. That col-
ored persons were employed was unquestionable.
Many of them were killed, maimed, or otherwise
injured, yet he found no claim asking for compen-
sation prior to the fourteenth Congress.
The next case he would instance was that of
William P. Lawrence, a slave, who died of conta-
gious disease. The claim was disallowed, upon
the ground that Congress was not liable to pay for
slaves. (See MS. reports, vol. 4, page 186.)
These cases had been reported upon by the
Qommittee on Claims. Sometimes there had been
on that committee a majority of one from the
North, sometimes of one from the South; but in
the cases to which he had referred, so far as ap-
peared from the reports, the opinion was always
unanimous against the liability of Congress to pay
for this species of damage.
The third case was that of Basil Shaw, Cist sess.
loth Congress, MS. reports, vol. 4, page' 396)—-a
claim for a slave killed on the 8th of January, j
1815. The committee in that case declared that 1
" they were decidedly of the opinion that Congress \
were under no obligation whatever to remunerate !
the petitioner." No principle of legislation was
perhaps better settled than this, that for such losses
Government could not be liable.
Aslave case occurred at the 16th Congress, and
resulted in a similar decision.
There was another case to which he would ask
the attention of the committee 
Mr. BURT here rose, and asked the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Wilson] if he would
yield the floor, to allow Kim (Mr. B.) to make a
suggestion ?
Mr. WILSON said he would do so with pleas-
ure; and the floor having been yielded—
Mr. BURT said that he desired to call the at-
tention of the gentleman and of the committee
to the fact, that, in all these cases the slave had
been lost by being voluntarily exposed by his
owner to the cause of his death, and that that was
the ground, and the only ground, upon which
these decisions rested.,
^ He desired to say, further*—in order that the
gentleman might answer if he coold—;that he in-
vited the gentleman to produce a solitary case in
which Congress had refused to pay fora slave that
had been taken against the will o'f the owner,
where the evidence before the committee was that
the slave had been impressed or otherwise taken
against the will and consent of the owner.
Mr. WILSON expressed his obligations to the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt] for call-
ing his attention to that point; but if he (Mr. W.)
had been peimitted to proceed, ltffrould have been
seen that the suggestion respecting the distinction
between voluntary and involuntary service (if any
such distinction really existed) had not escaped
hinl.
The fourth case to which he would invite atten-
tion, was that of Robert Evans, (1st session 15th
Congress, 4th volume MS. reports, page 473.)
The slave attended the sick, and died of fatigue
and exposure. The committee declared that if the
slave had been killed in battle, the owner would
not have been entitled to any compensation.
TJje fifth case was that of Parkhill's slave, (1st
session 16th Congress, vol. 1, page 32.) the facts
of which would be found to approach nearer to
the suggestion of the gentleman from South Car-
olina. Parkhill lent his slave to another man, to
aid in navigating a boat. On his arrival at New
Orleans he was impressed. He worked in the
marshes or swamps, and there contracted a disease
of which he died. The claim was rejected. The
gentleman from South Carolina might say that
there was a distinction, because it was not dis-
tinctly proved that the death was the consequence
of exposure, and that upon that ground it was
rejected.
There was another case in the seventeenth Con-
gress, to which he would not paiticularly refer.
In all these cases, claims for compensation for
losses of this description had invariably been re-
jected. But he would go further. ^During the
eighteenth Congress, a case came up in which it
appeared, that either voluntarily or by impress-
ment, a slave had been put to work on the de-
fences of New Orleans, it \£as the case of D'Au-
trieve. The committee reported against the claim;
but the friends of the petitioner on the floor of the
House moved an amendment providing compensa- j
tion for injuries the slave had received, which |
rendered him less valuable after the service than
he had been before. A long debate followed, and
the result of the whole matter was adverse to the
claim.
The cases which he had cited all bore upon the
claim now before the committee. That claim
necessarily brought up for the consideration of
Congress the question of property in colored men.
He was opposed to the passage of the bill, be-
cause he believed that the whole policy of the
Government, as illustrated in its history, had been
adverse to the recognition, under the Constitution
of the United Stares, of the right of persons to
property in slaves. He spoke of the subject with
reference to the Constitution of the United States,
He did not intend to deny that slaves might be
property according to the local laws of the States
m which laws might be passed to make them
property. He held, lftwever, that these laws
allusions made in the Constitution to this kind-
of thing was made as to persons. For example:
in the second section of the first article, it wag
provided that " representatives and direct taxes
shall be apportioned among the several States
which may be included within this Union, accord-
ing to their respective numbers, which shall be
determined by adding to the whole number of free
persons, including those bound to service for a
term of years, and excluding Indians not taxed,
three-fifths of all other persons."
This was the first reference.
Again: they were referred to in another clause
of the Constitution, which provides that44 persons
held to service or labor" shall "be delivered up to
; those to whom such service or labor may be due.
I In one other instance 'also, they were referred to
1 as persons.
But was there not on this floor evidence of the
fact that they were regarded as persons, and noth-
ing else? Would the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Burt] say now it was that the State of
South Carolina, with a white population under the
lastcensus of two hundred and sixty thausand, stood
here with six colleagues, while the State of New
Hampshiie, with a free white population of two
hundred and eighty thousand, was represented
here by only four Representatives, unless it was
that these other persons were represented also in
this Hall? Would he explain how it was that the
State of South Carolina, with a population, as he
had said, of two hundred and sixty thousand, and
the State of Florida, (from which this claim came,)
with a white population of thirty thousand, (the two
combined falling storf of three hundred thousand,)
were represented in this House by eight members,
and in th"e other end of the Capitol by four, when
the State of Connecticut, with a population of
three hundred and three thousand, had but four
Representatives here, and two at the other end of
the Capitol ? Was it not because these were re-
garded as persons and counted as persons? The
very declaration that they were not persons would
vacate the seats of those who represented this class
of persons on this floor. Not only here, but in
the elections to fill the highest executive offices of
the Government, that very population gave to the
two States which he had named just double the
power which the State of Connecticut, with
her population of three hundred and three thou-
sand, possessed. It was because these persons
were regarded as persons, and not as property.
Could the doctrine be tolerated, that there was a
representation on this floor and a power given in
the popular elections of the country founded upon
property?
Bu t he considered that there was manifest injus-
tice in this claim. It was put upon the ground
that the slave was property. Mr. W. proceeded
to argue the injustice and inequality which would
result, in the operation of the laws upon different
sections of the Union, from the admission of such
claims. It would be conceded that there were
occasions when every person might be called upon
to expose his person and property in defence of
the country. Undersuch circumstances, a military
commander could not stop to weigh the circumstan-
ces of the ease very nicely. The.person was bound
^ no^ obey, he was liable to be
shot down. The commander might cail out a son,
J or an apprentice, and appropriate him to the pur-
lTeuaiainSt.n?t^:al>i§l]t' and', th,at tiTey^ouid ||
not have any influence beyond the territory to
which they were made to apply.
ofthe country? Were the relations of the Gov-
\ i u 11 i i 1 * " i • ii ©mmerit towards different sections of the connfrv
^ particular attention of the ! to be thus disastrously changed > If a freeman was
i. 32#
In the second place, that ,f taken into the public ^ wLVSrollth%tnu7tnhemrd fiv,d"al3
= slaves were taken „ property, and SotM |; of
P?ope^„Trt  ^r.onn?. ^ than M i,' 88 1° make tion
His own view of the Constitution of the United !i STilfT' when every other man was
States regarded them altogether from beemmno- 1 , , render his person for the defence of his
to end. as nersnns and nmhino- r, ?i.m co^ntry without compensation i The idea was not
to end, as persons and nothing- else. It did not
regard them as property in any form: and the
members of this House were here to legislate for
the Union of the countiy under the Constitution
of the country.
In the next place, it would be found that all the
to be entertained for a moment.
The operation of the principle advocated here,
and upon which the claim for the relief of the heirs
of Pacheco was founded, changed the liability of
the Government m relation to the rights of the
owner of the property. The laws in all countries
