1848.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1
recognized certain rights: the parent had the right
to the service of his son during his minority; the
master had the right to the service of his incfented
apprentice during the period of his apprenticeship;
but nowhere in this or in any other country of
Christendom, since the introduction of the Christian
religion, had it ever been heard that a parent or a
master had received pay for losses sustained by
the death or by the injury of his son or apprentice
when exposed under these circumstances in the
defence of his country.
He begged to inquire of gentlemen on the other
side, what particular point they now took upon
which they undertook to fix the liability of the
Government for this man Lewis? Was it because
Pacheco hired this man for $25 per month to-the
United States? Was that the point where the lia-
bility attached? Suppose, for a moment, that
Pacheco had possessed the accomplishments of his
servant Lewis; that he had been a philologist; that
he had spoken four languages; that he had known
the geography of the country; that he could talk
the Indian, the Spanish, the French, and the Eng-
lish languages; and that Pacheco had gone himself
instead of sending this man Lewis: would any
man pretend that the heirs of %Lcheco, if he had
been lost orfcaptured, could have brought in a
elaim for damages? Again: supposing Pacheco
had had a*son eighteen or nineteen years of age,
possessing: ail the accomplishments necessary for
him to have performed the duties required by the
' officer of the detachment, and that he had entered
the service and been captured or killed: would the
father or the heirs have presented a claim for dam-
ages? And was it to be §g.id inthis country, that
because a colored man was made a slave by the
laws of Florida and of other southern States, he
stood on any higher ground, or his master stood
on any higher ground, or had any stronger claim
for damages when such colored man was killed
in the defence of his country, than the parent or
the master had for his son or his apprentice, who
-also fell in the service of his country ? The colored
man was made property by law, and against nat-
ural right. Human laws might make thi African
a slave; God made him a man, a person. Now,
he asked gentlemen if there could be any distinc-
tion of that kind taken here—if Pacheco, or Pache-
• eo's heirs, could come here with any less claim
for the loss of the father or son, than for the loss
of the slave ? Or did the disability which attached
to *the colored man by the local operation of the
local laws, give this individual any superior claim
upon the Government, or impose upon ihe Gov-
ernment any superior obligation to make compen-
sation?
Let gentlemen "take notice, that from tne com-
mencement of the Government up to 1816 or 1818,
such claims had never been thought of being made.
Since that time they had been brought forward;
but with one solitary exception, which had been
noticed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Dickey] the other day, they had been resisted
by. the Government, and liability had been' con-
stantly refused. Now, he regretted the introduc-
tion of this subject here at this time. God knew
that the country had been agitated quite enough
upon this question. He dreaded it as much as
any man dreaded it; and he hoped that in what-
ever he might say now, or at any other time, he
should make use of no unkind expression which
could give pain or distress to any gentleman on this
floor, if he did, it would escape from him m the
excitement of debate, when he intended no such
thing. He had been treated with too much kind-
ness, with too much courtesy and consideration by
gentlemen composing this honorable body, from
every section of the Union, to allow him to say a
word which should prompt any unkind feelings
towards himself, or in the least impair his har-
monious and friendly relations, either here or
"elsewhere, with gentlemen. But it must be ob-
vious, that this question was agitating the country
from one end of it to the other; it sprung from
causes to which he might refer at some future
time when he had opportunity; causes which took
a strong hold upon the feelings of the people
causes winch struck at the very foundation, and
ran through every ramification of society. He
knew it was said that it was a temporary ex-
citement, and would soon be over; but he could
speak here in the Hearing of this House, and con
>cious that he was speaking to this country, that
in his poor judgment, this hostility that was spring-
ing up in the minds of the people of the North to
being "involved in the maintenance or in the re-
sponsibility of the system of slavery was not easily
to be quieted; nor were the people to be prevented
from uttering their sentiments, and explaining itrf*
operation upon them. It sprung from a deep cause; !,
gentlemen would find it so. In his judgment, there !
was every occasion for the members of this House
to be cautious, careful, quiet in all their move-
ments. Let liim say that, in his poor judgment,
there was no disposition and no feeling anywhere
manifested to interfere with the rights of the slave-
holders within the States. He did not understand
it so. The people of the North stood upon the
Constitution as^f was; they planted themselves
upon the Constitution as it was, and there they
were ready to stand. Where the local, laws of
other sections operated, it was theirs to regulate
the question of slavery; if slavery was a blessing,
theirs were the benefits of it; if it was an evil and
a curse, they mustsufferfor it, and not the people of
the North. They had no disposition whatever to
interfere with the local institutions of the South;
but whenever southern gentlemen came to the
Government of the country, and asked them to
recognize the right of property in slaves, and that
this Government was obligated to pay for them, ,
then they of the North took their stand, and said ;l
that the Constitution did not so obligate them, j!
Whatever might be the views of southern gentle- .!
m'en at home, however they might look upon their .
slaves as property, under the Constitution of the 1
United States, they of the North believed they
were not property, and that the treasury of the
United States was not bound to pay for them when
they were lost in the service of the country as any j
white citizen might be.
1 Mr. GREEN interposed, and inquired of the
i gentleman from New Hampshire, if this Govern-
ment had not imposed a direct tax upon slaves,
i and authorized them to be sold ? and if they had
! not been sold by the Government? and if this
| was not a recognition by the Government that
slaves were property? ,
; Mr. WILSON replied that he could not say ||
what might have been the action of the Govern- j!
1 ment at some time; he did not feel authorized to jj
i say that it might not have been such as the gentle- !
man stated; but if it had been in any particular ;
; instance, it was not, in his poor judgment, such ;
action as should bind the Government in all future i
time, or such as the free people of the country j
would tolerate to be continued. ;
But, he repeated, he wanted to know by what j
particular act of the Government of this country,
or by what particular legal act of any of our mili-
tary officers, this Government had become respon-
sible for this man Lewis? He asked .gentlemen if
the mere act of letting him go to the commanding
officer as an interpreter and guide for Dade's de-
tachment, constituted the liability upon the Gov-
i erpment?" And who gave the officer such authority?
Where was his authority to make any contract of
1 that kind, which should render the Government
liable for the loss of this slave? Why, he was,
voluntarily permitted to be taken from the control
of his master. Supposing the person who had been
intrusted with him had taken him into a free fatate, j
he would, immediately upon crossing the line, have
' become a freeman: he would have gone m the ,
enjoyment of his liberty, and nobody could have ;
; reclaimed him, either against himself, or have
! established a valid claim upon the Government for
i: his estimated value as a slave.
i What took place subsequently to this? He was
! lost with Major Dade's defeat. He went into the
I possession of the Indians; he remained with them
! a considerable time, and finally, when the Indians
1 surrendered, this man Lewis was brought in with
I them, and the chief, Jumper, claimed him as his
property, on the ground that he had conquered
>' him in battle, and saved his life. Then, of course,
! he became subject to the operation of the local
Inlaws, and an action of trover,'or replevin, or any
j action which would raise the question of property,
i, might have been brought by the claimants, and
! they mio-ht have had their claim fairly adjudicated
(i before the legal tribunals. He was there to be
! recovered by legal process, if the claim which was
II set up to him was good. General Jesup said,
when asked to deliver him up, ' No: send him
! west of the Mississippi, and let the Government
j pay for him." Was a transaction of this kind
j! enough to bind the Government? Who, he asked,
authorized General Jesup, or any other officer5,tto
bind the Government for the payment of this
slave? He submitted to his southern friends, if
they were willing to place their property in that
situation—if, when a demand was made upon our
officers to give up property taken in war, they
were-willing to permit the officers, by their mere
ipse dixit, to make th.e treasury of the United States
responsible? He thought every member of the
committee would deliberate, would hesitate long,
before they would consent to yield a principle like
that.
• He coijld not, for the life of him, (even if they
went the whole length contended for by'thefriends
of this bill'—if they admitted the whole question of
the right of the owner to this property,) see when,
where, how this Government became liable for the
slave. It was under the clause of the Constitution
which provided that just compensation should be
made for private property which was taken for
public use that the friends of the bill undertook to
advocate it. They said that the slave was to be
regarded as property, as nothing but property, and
that, being private property, he was taken for the
public use, and thereby that this Government was
responsible for his value. Now, he might, in pur-
suance of this same idea, ask gentlemen -to go a
little further, and supposing, for the purpose of argu-
ment, it was true that this man Lewis was prop-
erty when he was returned from the possession
of the Indians, and was within the reach of Gen-
eral Jesup, what he had done—whether he had
emancipated the slave in such a way as to make
the Government liable? whether the private prop-
erty claimed in the man had been appropriated
by the Government in such a way as to constitute
a liability upon the Government' Why, if he
was a slave then, and slave property, he was so
to-day for aught he (Mr. W.) knew, and perhaps
within the control of the slave laws of the States.
He would not detain the committee longer on
this subject. He had desired to present his views
of this claim as briefly as he could, without going
into the general discussion of-the slavery question
at all. There might be a time—he hoped there
would be—when he should have the opportunity of
explaining his views upon the subject generally.
He hoped he should be able to do so in a manner
rot offensive to any gentleman of the House of
I Representatives. It was a question in which his
j jconstituents—those who had done him the honorto
delegate him to speak, to act and vote for them
; here—felt a very deep and abiding interest. He
was desirous to discharge his duty to his constit-
' uents in such a manner as to explain their views
I fully and fairly before the Congress of the United
j States, and that, too, without giving offence to any
i gentleman.
He was aware that gentlemen were influenced
I by different-feelings on this subject. They sprung
| from the difference in their early education—in
i their early habits and early associations. It was
i to be expected that they should have different
' feelings. But, in his judgment, the true and proper
i course was, to come together in perfect good tem-
l per, without excitement, without feeling, and dis-
j cuss this matter failly, honestly, that they might
I preserve the union of the country; that this great
American Republic mightgo on prosperously, and
hereafter enjoy, as it had hitherto enjoyed, the
' signal blessing of the Great Governor of the Lni-
!, verse.
!, Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said, the views
|i presented by the gentleman who had just taken
1 his seat were of a character so extraordinary as
i! to require an immediate response. They were the
; views frequently presented by northern men, and
by which the people of the North had continualiy
been led into error upon the subject of slavery,
i; The gentleman had said that he did not desire to
1 inflict any torture upon the feelings of southern
* men. He begged the gentleman to accept his
i acknowledgments; but he must say, that no one
had been seriously injured, or was hkely to be, by
'' what bad fallen from the gentleman. The people
of the South knew their rights, and knowing,
dared maintain them both'heieand elsewhere, and
« maintain them as men. *' ,
1 The Gentleman had said there was nothing m the
• Constitution of the United States which made
slaves property, and therefore that he was not dis-
'i nosed to pay for them when taken for public use.
I'l Slaves were property under the Constitution when-
l! ever it subserved the purposes of the Government
