130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 2,
of the whole land in the- payment for immortal
souls'.
, The're Was a farther principle which was laid
down in tiie formation, and which lay at the very-
basis of our Government—that-among the "in-
alienable rights" of man, were " the enjoyment of
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Now,
Jet him not be mistaken on this subject; he said
there was no member of .this House but could lay
his hand on his breast, and before his God declare
that.he believed every single individual was entitled
to the enjoyment of these rights which God had
given him, or but denied this fundamental truth.
There was still another fundamental principle
■which was important upon1 this question. It was,
" that governments are formed among men to
secure the enjoyment of these rights." Was it a
fact that this'Government was formed to maintain
the right of man to his liberty, and had they to-day
prostituted its power to the. legislation of slavery—
to the degradation of man? Tell him not that they
held to these fundamental truths, and then prosti-
tute their political and official power, as they had
done in this instance, to eompei him and his con-
stituents to pay for the blood, and bones, and
muscles, and sinews of his fellow-man. Let him
say to gentleman that there was a power, as had
been well remarked by the gentleman from New
Hampshire, that had gone forth to the people of
this Union, which took hold' of the public, mind,
which took unyielding, undying grasp of the popu-
lar sentiment, that would hurl from this Hall and
from public confidence the betrayers of freedom.
He spokewith confidence; he spokewith warmth.
At this point of his remarks, Mr. G. yielded to
a motion by Mr. ROSE, that the House adjourn;
which being agreed to—
The House adjourned to Tuesday next, at twelve
o'clock, m.
PETITION.
The following petition '.va-i presented under the rule, and
referred:
By Mr. tVE.VTlv'ORTfl: The petition of fifty-nine citi- ,
zens of Hoise Creek, Iroquois county, Illinois, pia; mg that I
jhe public lands, shall not lie hold forever, but shall be given
to such landless citizens as will occupy them.
- IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 2, ]849.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the credentials of
George K. Badge si, elected a Senator from the
Stale of North Carolina, for the term of six years
from the 4th of March next; which were reau.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the petition of Chas.
Colburn, praying compensation for services ren-
dered at the mtvy-yani at Ciiarlestown, Massachu-
setts; which" was referred tu the Committee on
Naval Aflairs.
t Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the peti-
tion of Hugh Wallace, praying for a pension for
disability; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affair?.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented the petition of W.
W. Loring, M. E. Van Burcn, and R. M. Mor-
ris, officers,of the army, praying compensation for
horses lost in tlve service of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented the petition of
Montgomery Gibbs ami others, of New York,
praying an appropriation for the purpose of erect-
ing a line of electro-magnetic telegraph, to commu-
nicate across the Isthmus of Panama; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. NILES presented the memorial of citizens
of New York, asking- for a reduction of the rates
of postage and the discontinuance of the franking
privilege; which was referred to the Committeeon
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented additional docu-
ments in the case ol the iieirs of Henry Ragedale;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
On motion ot Mr. BRADBURY, the petition of
Ajnaziah Goodwin was taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
BILLS OS LEAVE.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, pursuant to notice, asked I
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to proyids |
for the payment of the Iowa militia called into
service in December, 1839; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, pursuant to notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to au-
thorize and require certain illegal entries of public
lands at the land office in Columbus, Mississippi^,
to be cancelled, and for other purposes; which-was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
'Mr. CLARKE. Some days since I had the
honor to introduce a resolution requesting the Pres-
ident of the United States to communicate to
the Senate a list of all reciprocal treaties of com-
merce and navigation existing between the United
States and foreign nations; and also a statement of
J the tonnage and commerce with the population of
each of such nations, respectively. A further con-
sideration of the subject has satisfied me that the
resolution embraced more than I desired, for it
included all treaties of reciprocity for a direct trade
between the United States and other nations as
well as reciprocal treaties for an indirect trade. It
was the information in regard to the indirect trade
only which 1 desired to obtain.
By an act of Congress approved 24th of May,
1828, the President of the United States, upon sat-
isfactory evidence that all discriminating acts of
tonnage and imposts in the ports of foreign na-
tions, upon vessels and merchandise of the United
States, are abolished, is authorized to issue his
proclamation discontinuing such discriminating
duties so far as respects the vessels of such nation.
This class of reciprocal indirect trade was not in-
cluded in the resolution which has already passed
the Senate. I propose to rescind the resolution
passed heretofore by the Senate, and ask leave to
offer a resolution to that effect; and another reso-
lution embracing a cgll for such information as is
desirable to show all the indirect trade which is
authorized and exists between the United Slates
and all foreign nations, and the effect of such in-
direct L-ade upon the commerce of the United
States.
Resolve-l, That the Piesident of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a lis! of all the
treaties of commerce and navigation between thb United
States and foreign nations, conferring upon the vessels of
such nations the right of trading between the United States
and the rest of the world, in the productions of every eoun-
! try, upon tile came terms with American vessels, with the
j date of !he proclamation of such treaties. Also, a list of the
proclamations conferring similar rights upon the vessels of
foreign nations, issued by the 1'iesident of the United States,
j under Hie provisions of the illst section of the act entitled
j -'Alt net in addition to an aet entitled 'An act concerning
; discriminating duties on tonnage and imports, and to equal-
' 17.". the -duties on rrussiaii vessels and their caigocs,'" ap-
proved May 24th, 1838. AL-o, a statement of the navigation
and commerce oi'sneh nations, respectively, with the 'Jnited
States si,ice the date of the 'aid treaties or pioelamatiims,
liisemmnating between the vessels and tonnage employed
in the direct and indiirct ttade. Ami, also, a statement of
the navigation and commerce of such nations with the Uni-
ted States, for ajieriod of five years before the date of such
liealiph or proclamations, respectively.
Resolved, That the resolution passed on the   day of
December Ins-t, requesting flie President of the United Slates*
to commtimcai? t-> the Senate a fin of all the several trea-
ties of reciprocity between the Umted Stat«-s and foreign
nations, will) the date of such tieatie>, and a statement^
the conimeice and the population of such nations, be, and
liie same is hereby, rescinded.
Mr. "WEBSTER. I should doubt, sir, from
hearing the resolution of the honorable member
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Clarke,] whether it
embraces the ease of the arrangepient made with
Mr. WEBSTERl"(in his seat.) My honorable
fnend will find the lav/ and arrangement amono*
the acts of 1830, or thereabouts.
Mr. CLARKE. I move that the resolution lie
over till to-morrow.
The resolution was postponed accordingly.
Mr. CLARKE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which also lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, Thai a selecf committee heappointed to inquire
into the expediency of repealing the first section of the act
entitled "An act in addition to an act entitled 'An act con-
cerning discriminating duties on tonnage and import?, and
to equalize the duties upon Prus-ian vessels and their car-
goes,'" approved 24th May, 18*28, so far as the same autho-
rizes the President, by proclamation, to extend to the vessels
of any foreign nation the right to engage in the trade be-
tween the United States and such foreign country upon the
same terms with American vessels.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted the following res-
olution; which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims he instructed to
inquire into the expediency of providing. by law, for The
pefabiishment of a hoard of commissioners for the settle-
ment of claims of individuals against the Goveinment of
the United States.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Rcsolve>/, That the Committee on Claims be authorized
to employ a eJcrk, on the usual term?, who^e appointment
shall relate back to the commencement of the present ses-
sion, &ince whicji time a clerk has been so .employed by
said committee. * /
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution? which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That th* Committee on Public Lands be in-
sttuctefi to inquire into the expediency of granting to the
State of Towa the buildings and quarter section of land upon
which Fort Atkinson, Iowa, is situated, for an agricultural
and manual labor school.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of duectin? the coinage at
the mint and branch mints of gold dollars and the double
eagle.
Mr. HALfe submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That^e Committee on the Judiciary be ?n-
! structed to inquire info the expediency of increasing the
i salary of the district judge of the United States for the district
i of New Hampshire.
I REPORTS.
j On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
! Committee on Pensions were discharged from the
j further consideration of the petition "of Jiflia Mar-
! tin; and it was referred to the Committee on Naval
| Affairs..
| Mr.DAVIS,ofMississippi,from theCommittee
j on Military Affairs, to whom were referred the
| papers relative tn the proposed railroad across the
, Isthmus of Panama, reported three documents 
; one a letter from Aspinwall & Co., and two com-
I munications in the Castilian tongue. He moved .
. that the Castilian documents be translated and
printed, and that the letter also be printed; which
i was agreed to. He also asked for the reading of
the letter, and it was read as follows:
think
-important
I of these cases. I wish my honorable friend would
1 so far look to his resolution as to see whether it
! embraces that case.
I Th'e Senate is aware that, under a previous law
of Congress, an arrangement was made with Eng-
land, commonly called a commercial arrangement,
and afterwards the provisions of the law and of
that arrangement werecarried into effect by a nroc-
lamation of President Jackson. This is the most
important perhaps of all these cases, and I hope,
^f the resoiuiion does not now embrace it, that it
will be made to embrace it,
^ Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I will propose
that the resolution be passed over until to-morrow;
anu, in the mean time, I will enueavor to inform
myself ill relation to the matter mentioned by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts.
!;
i "Washington, Decant er 23,184S.
i' Sis: We have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your communication, inloiminff us of the resolution ot the
m Senate, instructing the Committee on Militaiy Affairs to
j: .'--ecrtain the particulars of our contract with New Granada,
I i (or the construction of a railroad across the Isthmus of
I Panama, anil the terms on which the use of such railroad
, ■'l'" Ihn tiansit of passengei* and merchandise is secured to
the government and people of Xew Granada and of the
I. United states.
; I In reply, vva beg leave to say, that the document submit- '
j ted some (Jays since, untiei llle resolution of the Senate, aijd
which probably has by this time been transited ami printed,
II Contains most of tire particulars of Our contrac t-vith the
j Government of New Granada. If is a copv of a grant made
:! Junes, 1847, by that Goveinment to an association 01 French
!j citizens, under the style of the Panama Company. The
ji company having failed to make the pecuniarv-depo-ite re-
■! quired as a guarantee for the completion of the work, the
, grant by its terms became foifeited. The Executive of New
, Granada having full power for that purpose, authorized the
t minister of that Government-, resident here, to transfer the
^•amc to such association in tins country as might,"in iiis
; judgment, offer a suffu-ient guarantee for the fulfilment of
ifs obh-rarions. By vntur of this authority, the minister of
; New Granada transferred the same to us.
la the assignment us, the piivilpgc granted to tile
I French company is restneten by the rednelion of the terms
from nmefj-nme to forty-nine years, and by our conceding
I to the Government of NewGianada the right to purchase
the road for its own benefit, at the end of twenty vears from
its completion, fcyr the sum of five millions of dollars; at
the end of thirty years, for the sum of fom millions of dol-
lars ; and .at the end of forty year.., lo~r the sum of two mil-
lions of dollars. Some alterations are proposed by us, but
no terms are fixed for tile use of the railroad for the tiansit
of passengers or meiehandi-e, eilher as regards the govern-
ment and people of New Granada, or of tlfc United states ;
tfoa only provision on that subject being that -contained in
