-w
1849.
fffl CONGRESSIONAL' 0LOBE.
Ilf
the grant to the French company, which is, that the rates
r>f toll shall be uniform, and that no prefesenee shall be
given to the citizens or merchandise of any one country
over those ofahother.
The assignment, with the proposed alterations, (which
latter, as they require to be ratified by the Congress t)f New
Granada, are contained in'a separate paper,) are herewith
submitted; and these, with live original grant to the French
company, already before the Senate, will inform you fully
of all the particulars of our contract with the GoverRment
of New Granada.
We have the honor to be, your obedient servant.",
WM. H. ASPTNWAT,L, (
JOHN L. STEPHENS.
HENRY CHAtfNOEV.
Hon, Jefferson Davis,
'Chairman of Ike Committee on Military
PRIVATE GI.ATMS. j;
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the; J
bi!S for the relief of Henry B. Garrison. !j
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I have waited I;
in the expectation that older and abler Senators !i
than myself would discuss the merits of this bill;
but inasmuch as £ perceive no indications that it
will be taken up by them, I must beg the indul-
gence of the Senate for a few^noments while i ex-
press? my views of the case.
For one, I am not satisfied to see this appropri-
ation made to Mr. Garrison in the way it is pro-
posed to be made here. If I understand the case,
it is simply and briefly this: A traaty was made j
with this tribe of Indians, (the Sagirmws,) and
provision was made for the payment of certain
claims in this wise: There are lands to be disposed
<of, and out of the proceeds of the sale of these
lands these claims were to be paid. The land was
Jimited to be sold, in the firat instance, at not less
than seventy-five cents per acre, subject to be in-
creased to Eve dollars. We have, at this session,
passed an act reducing the price of these lands to
■one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre, on the
ground .that they could not be sold at five dollars
per acre, and consequently the claimants were de-
prived of the payment of their just claims.
-Mr. KING, (in his seat.) The lands were re-
duced by the act passed at this session to the rmn-
JTmrm price of seventy-five cents per acre.
.Mr. WALKER. I did not so understand the
bill. I thought the%iinimum was one dollar and
twenty-five cents per acre.
Now, sir, if I undeistand this bill, it proposes to
take the case of Mr. Garrison entirely out of the
provisions of the treaty, and no longer to rely on
the proceeds of the sales of the lands for remuner-
ation, but to go directly to the treasury and take
from it the amount of his claim and give it to him
out and out, while other claimants are left to re-
ceive their remuneration out of the proceeds of the
iands whenever they shall be sold. I think this is
unfair and unjust. I cannot see any reason why
Mr. Garrison should receive his remuneration,
• directly and immediately out of the treasury, and
•the* other claimants, whose demands are equally
just and pressing, be left to get their payments out
of*the proceeds of the sales of the lands.
■ If there' be any peculiar merit in the claim of
Mr. Garrison, I have not yet heard it explained;
and now—if the land -be worth anything—the
probability* is, since the price has been reduced,
that it will soon be sold, and he, on his claim man-
ifest, may receive satisfaction as soon as other
claimants. 1 But suppose 4he land is not worth
anything, and he gets nothing from the proceeds
of its sale; or suppose there is but a small amount
to be distributed pro raid among the claimants: in
this event be will stand in the same situation as tlfe |
other claimants. If the land shall prove worthless ■
and unsaleable, and be left on the hands of the
Government, and these claims have to be paid out
of the treasury, I see no reason why Mr. Garri- '
son should be preferred before any other claimant, j
But, sir, this is not the mode provided in the :
treaty for the payment of these- claims, and it ;
seems to me that Mr. Garrison should be left to 1
' receive the payment of his claim in the same mode
as the other persons holding claims of a similar
character .against the Government. They should
all be met and discharged according to the mode
prescribed in the treaty.
I felt it, sir, to be the duty of some one to pre-
sent these facts for the consideration of the Senate.
I was in "hopes that some of the older and more
experienced members would discuss these points;
but, having-waited till the last moment—till the
bill was ordered to its third reading, and no Sen-
ator rising to speak, I felt it incumbent upon ray-
uelf to perform that daty, or at least to presont
these as n-.y individual views upon the subject. I
have presented them, and iP they are worth any-
thing, if they are sound and just, it seems to me
that this bill ought to be defeated. If, however,
they are not tenable—if I am mistaken in my
views, I shall take great pleasure in reversing the
opinion which I now entertain in regard to this
case, arfd will give the bill my cordial support.
But until I can perceive that Jliere is some pecu-
liar merit in the case of Mr. Garrison not-pos- ;
sessed by the other similar claims,! cannot bring
myself to depart from the course prescribed by the
treaty, and vote to pay him directly out of the
funds of th-e treasury, and leave all the other claim-
ants to get their pay out of the proceeds of the
sales of the lands.
Mr. FELGH. I only wish to^say one word,
to correct my honorable friend who has just ad-
dressed the Senate, in regard to the facts of this
case. If the case was such as has just been (
stated, I would agree with the honorable Senator i
that this bill ought not to pass. But I do not re- |
gard the matter as standing in that position. The |
difference between this claim and the other is this:
The first treaty, (for there are two treaties,) instead '
of providing that this claim should be paid out of
the proceeds of the sales of the lands which were j
ceded, provides expressly that the Government
shall pay this claim 'immediately, and without re- j
gard to the question whether the iands were, sold !
or not. This is by the provision of the fifth article ;
of the treaty. The fourth article of the treaty sets ]
forth certain claims which are to be paid from ;
the proceeds of the sale of the lands. The fifth ;
article provides that a certain portion of these :
claims shall be paid immediately from the public
treasury by the Government, while other claims
are left out, and, consequently, take the position '
which the gentleman has assigned to this; that is, •
they have to wait and abide the result of the sale '
of the lands, and must be paid from the proceeds 1
of those sales. But there is a difference between
this case and the other cases, as will be easily per- :
ceived by reading the fourth and fifth articles of ;
the treaty.
If my View of the matter be correct, the Govern-
ment have absolutely undertaken the payment of
this claim. The subsequent proceedings m the '
second treaty, and the action of Congress in rais-
ing the price of the lands, have had the effect, at
all events, of defeating this claim. Even if it were ;
to be paid out of the proceeds of the'sales of the
lands, the Government has effectually withdrawn
the land from sale, ami held it now, up to this time,
some eleven or twelve years, and has burdened !
the fund so that it is now evident that this claim
cannot be paid from the proceeds of the land sales. j
This is not such a case as that supposed by the
| honorable Senator who has just taken his seat,
j [Mr. Walker,] but one which the Government 1
I Was from the first to pay out of the treasury. Look
! at tile fiTth article of the treaty, and he will find that
this case is altogether different from the others, and
that he is wholly mistaken in his view of it.
Mr. WALKER. What committee reported ,
this bill? ' '■
Mr. FELCH. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. WALKER. Is there a reportuccomoany- ;
ing the bill? i
Mr. FELCH. There is a report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Walker] desire to
hear the report, read ?
Mr. WALKER. I do not wish to consume the
time of the Senate. I presume that if the Govern-
ment entered into any arrangement to pay the
claim directly out of the treasury, the report sets
them forth. The gentleman from Michigan can
inform me.
Mr. FELCH. It does. The report states all
the provisions of the treaty touching this subject.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
JOHN P. BALDWIN.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill for the relief of John P. Baldwin, owner
of the Spanish brig Gil Bias,
Mr. PHELPS. I remarked the other day, that
this bill was an old acquaintance of mine. It was
before the Committee of Claims, I tbsnk, in the
summer of 1646, and an adverse report was made
upon-it at that time. I had that report before me
the other day, but I have it not now. I think {fig-
Senator from Florida has presented the claim' upon
its true footing. The facts of ths case L under1
stand to be these: This vessel was wrecked upon
the capes of Florida; and While lying stranded
upon the coast, was sold for the benefit, as I sap-
pose, of the underwriters. The petitioner set him-
self at work endeavoring to secure the rigging awl
canvass of the vessel, as well as whatever else
might be saved from the wreck. But while so
employed, the vessel was burnt by order of an
officer of the United States, as was alleged, to pre-
vent it from falling into the hands of the Indiana.'
Atthe same time, it appears most distinctly, I thinlf,
from the evidence accompanying the claim, that
there was not the slightest danger of molestation
by the Indians. The petitioner states, in his peti-
tion, in the most absolute' and unequivocal terms,
that he had no such apprekensiqn, and that lie
could have succeeded in saving his property if he
had not been interrupted by the execution of the
officer's order. This statement, if I recollect right,
is sustained by the testimony of all concerned.
The witnesses all agree that there was no danger
to be apprehended,, although the officer of the
United States considered that it wouid be more
advantageous to the public scrvicc that the vessel
should be destroyed. The report which I had the
honor to submit on a former occasion, rested upon
this ground, that the Government of the United
States would not hold itself responsible for the act
of an officer, unless the officer was governed by a
sound discretion. In other words, placing it upoa
the ground, that if the act of the officer was un-
justifiable, or if it were without sufficient reason or
necessity, in that case the individual would have
his remedy against the officer. I believe that *
Congress has always decided, where it appeared
that the act was not justified by the circumstances,
that the remedy was against the officer. Li other
words, I believe Congress has. never adopted the
principle, which has been advanced by some gen-
tlemen here, that this Government should hold
itself responsible, at all events, and under all cir-
cumstances, for losses occasioned by the acts of its
officers. I believe the contrary has always been the
case, and that the individual has been indemnified
by the Government only in those cases where
Congress was satisfied that the act was justified
by the circumstances, or was required by the exi-
gencies of the public service.
It was insisted by an honorable Senator, when
the bill was up the other day, that, whether the
officer acted right or wrong—whether the exigen-
cies of the public service required the act or not,
the Government would hold itself bound, of course,
to indemnify the owner of property-which had
been destroyed by the act of an officer, without
inquiring into the sufficiency of the reason by.
which the officer was influenced in ordering the
destruction of the property.
My object in rising, sir, was merely to state
that, in my view, this case bears no sort of anal-
ogy to those in which the Government recognizes
its liability to indemnify the citizen foV the loss of
property. It stands in the category of those cases
wherein the acts of the officer is not necessary for
the public service; and, being unnecessary and
uncalled for, Jhe officer is the party responsible,
and not the Government.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have bestowed some little
attention upon the case under consideration, and I
find myself unable to adopt the principle referred
to by the honorable Senator from Vermont. X un-
derstand that the principle which ho proposes '
should govern the decision of this case is, that
| where an officer of the army or tinvy of the United
! States undertakes to direct the destruction of the
property of private individuals, the Government
, ! will refuse to make compensation unless the officer
I! was guided by a sound discretion. _ Were would,
II it seems to me, be some, difficulty in the applica-
;| (ion of this principle. An officer, actinglionastly,
;| believes that it is necessary for the public interest,
I to prevent property from falling into the hands of
'i an enemy, that it should be destroyed; and he,
< backed by the bayonets that have been placed un-
> tier his command, orders the destruction of the
'I pronerty. Now, if the principle which the Sena-
!j tor'from Vermont has invoked is to be the rule,
i' that the private individual is to regard the office?
on'Sv in the light of atiespasser, and may be called
K on to dsfeml bis own property, he then, uiider a
