PPPP
mmm.
1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
tory of this war will show, that our army was
sedulously employed in the effort'to deprive, the
Indians of the means of committing depredations
by destroying their camps, crops, and villages—by
destroying everything which might assist them in
carrying on these operations against our citizens.
It was at.such a time that this vessel was wrecked
on one of the keys on the coasf. of Florida. Every-
thing was taken from herthatcould be taken away;
there being left on bo&ra only the anchors, sails,
and a quantity of lead, which remained in the hull.
In this condition the vessel was found by the offi-
cer who ordered her to be burnt; declaring in his
' letter that he destroyed the wreck to prevent what
remained on board from Ming into the hands of
the Indians. And payment is asked for here to
satisfy the owner's demand for this destruction of
his property. Gentlemen say, however, that this
is not conclusive evidence that the claim is just.
But it may be regarded at least as prima facie proof,
because the officer, on his own responsibility, de-
clares that the destruction of this property was
necessary to prevent its failing into the hands of
the enemy. Whether the act of this officer was
judicious or injudicious, I apprehend that there
was manifest propriety in the act, considering the
condition of the property and the circumstances of
the country at the time. Were all the circum-
stances before us, I apprehend that itwould appear
there was really but Jittle risk of the" loss of this
property by falling into the hands of the enemy.
33ut allowing that there was but little risk, I appre-
hend there could still be no doubt upon the ques-
tion whether or not it was the duty of the officer
to extinguish that little risk. I am perfectly aware
that in a case of wanton trespass committed by a
United States military officer, the Government
would not be responsible. But in the case of a
proper discharge of duty, though the officer might
have been over-cautious, the Government is most
certainly responsible. But now, since the order of
the officer for the destruction of the property must
have been given in good faith, the committee, after
an examination of the case, upon which they be-
stowed a great deal of care, have reported in favor
of the allowance of the claim.
"Mr. NILES. - This is a case of no great im-
portance in itself, but it involves a great principle
—a great modern principle. Gentlemen who have
expressed their opinions appear to have looked
only on one side of the principle involved—at
what would have been the consequences if the
property had not been destroyed, but had fallen
into the hands of the enemy. That is very proper;
but should we not also look upon the other side
of the question in reference to the rights of private
property? Should we not see to it that we do not
rec&ognize rules in relation to the conduct of our
officers in such cases as would be destructive of
the rights of private property, and that we do not
rpvive, as one of the rights of war, any of those
arbitrary powers which formerly belonged to war,
and which exposed all private property that came
within their reach to be sacrificed without any
prospect of redress? Now, sir, the Senator from
Kentucky, the other day, in an elaborate argument,
assumed that we were not responsible for the de-
struction of this property, because, if our officer
had not destroyed this property, the Indians would
have destroyed it. That, sir, is not a matter of
fact, whether they would or would not have de-
stroyed it. It is an uncertainty. I do not know
that we have a right to assume, in any case, that
a public enemy would destroy private property if
it should fall into their hands. They might use it
for their own particular advantage. By the laws
of war, private property and land are not to be sub-
jected to destruction. But it may be argued that
the Indians would not carry out these rules, nor
care for them. With respect to these Indians, who
can say thaf, in getting possession of private prop-
erty in any particular case, they would destroy it?
Sometimes they do; sometimes they do not. The
expectation that they will destroy such private
property as may fall into their hands is no justi-
fication for its destruction on our part. This is a
course which appears to me cannot be justified at
all. I do not know that any of the writers upon
war approve of such an idea, or justify such a
principle. It is nowhere maintained that an offi-
cer may, at his pleasure, destroy private property
without incurring a responsibility. An officer
commissioned, and in the service of the United
States, may have this right; but, in order to guard
against an abuse of it, he must exercise it subject to
being held responsible for its injudicious exercise
by the Government. This principle may be ap-
plied to the destruction of private as well as public
property. An 'officer may destroy a fort or maga-
zine belonging to the Umted States if the exigen-
cies of the service require, and he may exercise the
same power with respect to private property. But,
in assuming the fact that private property which
should fall into the hands of the enemy may be
used by the enemy for the purposes of war, he
decides that it would be for the benefit of the Uni-
ted States that it be destroyed, and consequently,
by causing that destruction to be made, he con-,
verts that private property into public property.
He converts it into public property by using this
power in ousting the Isal owners from its posses-
sion.^ Here is the case of an .individual who was
trying to save his*property, and in that very act
an officer of the United States navy steps in and
assumes the right to take it into his possession and
destroy it. The owner might probably have
escaped with the whole or a part of the property.
The position taken by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, I consider a very alarming one,'and totally
inconsistent with the rights of private property as
guarantied by the provisions of the Constitution,
in one of the articles of the Constitution—the fifth
I believe—it is said u that no private property shall
be taken for public use without compensation
therefor." In taking possession, therefore, of pri-
vate property, and destroying it in Older to prevent
its being used by the enemy, we make it public
property, and are therefore responsible for such
destruction. Now, the gentleman from Vermont
takes a different positipn—perhaps more tenable,
though 1 think not a sound one—and one which
equally exposes private property at a seat of war
to destruction. He says that Government depends
upon its officers in the exercise, of thjs power in
using a sound discretion. Why, sir, is this a
sound position? Is the Government to be respon-
sible for the act of its officer only wher^he exer-
cises a sound discretion? The Senator is misin- ;
formed with regard-to facts. He supposes the j
enemy to have made certain movements which j
they did not make. If he had been right in his
facts, he would have been right in his conclusions.
But his facts being wrong, his inferences were
equally wrong; for, as it turns out in this case, it was
altogether an idle and useless sacrifice of property.
Or, even supposing the officer to have misjudged
in the matter: what then? Is the Government to
be responsible for the misjudgmant of its officer,
or the owner of the property? Why, an officer
might destroy a whole town, or village, asserting
that if it should not be destroyed it would certainly
fall into the hands of the enemy and become avail-
able/or his advantages. Is the Government to be
responsible for such an act, or the officer? Where
is the security to private property when the investi-
gation comes before the court, and the fact is ques-
tioned whether the officer has erred in judgment
or not? or whether, if the propertyliad fallen into
the hands of the enemy, it would'have been useful
to his operations in the war* These and other
questions of great doubt and'uncertainty would
arise, so that there could be no security to private
property whatever. Would it be right for us to
authorize officers to destroy property at pleasure,
and leave the claim of the owner to depend on the
question whether they have erred in judgment or
not? Would it be right thus to rest the owner's
i claim for payment upon his action for trespass
against the officer? Sir, this will not do. The act
of the officer is the act of the Government, if he
has destroyed the property in the discharge of his
official duty. The position of the Senator from
Virginia is entirely correct. He has drawn the
true line. The question here is not whether there
was any necessity for the act, nor whether there
was any error of judgment on the part of the
officer, but whether the act was performed in the
discharge of his official duty? If the act was per-
formed in the proper discharge of his duty on the
part of the officer, and because he considered it
was necessary to sustain his position against the
enemy, it became the act of the Government; and,
whether wise or not, the Government is morally
responsible for it, and ought to be held respon-
sible. But, even if the act was out of the line of
his duty, and it was a mere case of wanton tres-
(. passt he becomes responsible for the act, the same
as* any other individual; but the owner of the
property is' not to be told-that he .has his remedy,
m bringing an action against the Officer. For sack
a remedy is good for nothings There might be a
case in which large quantities of property would
be thus destroyed; and what would the individual
responsibility of an officer of the army amount
in such a case?
Another consideration is, that the Government
should be held responsible for the act of their agent,
engaged in the discharge of important service. If
the act of the agent or officer appears to have been
improper or injudicious, why, he can be court-
martialed; anil it becomes a proper subject for
investigation, involving the reputation of the officer
The only way he can be reached is through his
reputation; and his responsibility consists only in
this, and not at all in pecuniary amercements. Let
the officer know that nis act is the act of the Gov-
ernment, and that, while the Government is re-
sponsible for his acts, he is held responsible for-
theni to the Government.
I can hardly conceive of a case clearer than this
one. This claimant was endeavoring to save Jim
property: we come in, by our officer, and destroy
it; and he comes here and claims to be reimbursed.
Should we then say to him, the Indians would
have destroyed your property if we iiad not de-
stroyed it? But another gentleman says, the
officer acted indiscreetly; he erred in judgment.
Well, who is responsible for his error? It ^ould
be monstrous to say that the officer alone is re-
sponsible, and turn the claimant over to him; for
his fict has become our act. He acted, undoubt-
edly, according to his best judgment. The pre-
sumption of danger that the property would fall
into the hands of the enemy, might be held to have
been conclusive, in the judgment of the officer,
that it was expedient for the public security that
this property should be destroyed. I have yet
heard no proof that this was a case of wanton or
malicious trespass.
Mr. BUTLER. I had, at one time, the honor
of serving upon the Committee of Claims. 1 then
formed an opinion upon the principle which should
regulate the action of Congress in these cases, and
the opinion then formed 1 still entertain. I know-
it is very difficult to lay down a rule for the guid-
ance of this body in relation to a claim like this.
I am satisfied that during the Florida war large
quantities of private property were improperly de-
stroyed, and am aware also that m some instances
after such property had been destroyed, our offi-
cers were in the habit of giving certificates with
too much readiness. I do not say that the Gov-
ernment should be held responsible for every act
of its officer which may have been performed in
good faith, and with a just regard for the public
good; not at all. But I do say that the Govern-
ment should be responsible whenever the act of
destruction comes within its scope of duty, and is
necessary for the public good. In such a case, the
destruction becomes an incident of the war.
As far as I have been able to look into the 5iis-
tory of this claim, into the retrospect of debate, it
seems that this vessel was destroyed by our Com-
modore on account of his apprehension that it
might fall into the hands of the Indians, and s6mo
part of its cargo become a source of annoyance tc 
us. I remember several cases of similar character
to have been before the Committee of Claims, and,
as an illustration, I will state my recollection of
one of them. I refer to a case wherein a gentle-
man in the State of Alabama demanded compensa-
tion for his corn, which had been destroyed in the
Florida war. It appeared m this case that an offi-
cer of the army, with his detachment of men, were
in possession of this gentleman's plantation—I
have forgotten his name—and he was ordered to
leave it and repair to some other field'in the ser-
vice. Well, one mode of carrying on this war
with the Indians was to starve them out; and, ac-
cordingly, upon leaving the plantation, the officer
ordered the destruction of all the corn to be found
upftn it-r-the corn in the crib and the corn stand-
ing in the field—-because, had,it fallen into the
hands of the enemy, it would have been a material
advantage to them* while the contest was going on.
In this case I am inclined to think the officer acted
in good" faith, and clearly within the scope of his
authority. He gave the order for the destruction
of the property under such circumstances as by na
means to favor the owner. There was no acquaint*
ance, and there could be no collusion between the
officer and the owner. If there was any mistake
