194l
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 2,
about it, it must have been a mistake m the judg-
ment of the officer;, and 1 am not prepared to say
that there was even a mistake in judgment. I lay
down the principle, that in all .such cases of the
destruction of private property, when the officer
acts in good faith, within the scope of hir author-
ity, the act is clearly an incident of the war, and
the Government ought to adopt the act.
MrrWALKER. From the views which im-
press themselves on my mind, I conceive there is
some misapprehension on the part of several gen-
tlemen who have spoken in relation to this case.
The case, briefly stated, is this: A Spanish brig is
stranded off the coast of Florida. While in this
position a portion of her-cargo is-removed by
wreckers, and disposed of for the benefit of the
underwriters. The vessel, with her rigging, tackle,
anchors, and a quantity of lead—<>ot yet placed in
a-state of preservation—is sold also for the benefit
of "the underwriters, and is purchased by a Mr.
Baldwin. The United States is at war with a
hostile tribe of Indians in a country contiguous to
the place where the vessel is stranded. The prop-
erty thus remaining was destroyed by order of the
naval officer commanding the United States squad-
ron on the coast at that time, for fear of its falling
into the hands of these hostile Indians, and we are
now" called upon to pay for the property thus de-^
stroyed. -
Now, the question has been discussed mainly in
relation to the proposition, whethter this property
would not have fallen into the hands of the enemy.
If it had fallen into the hands of- the enemy, the
Senator from Kentucky contends,that the claimant
would have lost nothing more than ho lias by its
being destroyed by an officer of the United States
navy. This may be so. But the error I think he
has run into in this case, iii asserting that he would
have lost nothing more by the act of destruction
by the officer, than he would if it had fallen into
the hands of the Indians, is an error of principle.
Let me refer to the case which the Senator cited to
illustrate his argument, in order to show more
clearly my meaning. 1 refer to his application of
the Center Case. Suppose, while the inhabitants
t>{ the town to which he alluded were about leav-
ing their property to the mercy of the Indians, the
officer of the United States army should have re-
marked, "1 will take possession of this property
' for the benefit of the Government. If 1 destroy
' it, you will receive no benefit, and if it is left the
' Indians will certainly get it; therefore, in either
' case, it is of no benefit to you. I will use it for
' governmental purposes." But the owner of the
property interposes and says, "Sir, you cannot
take this property; it belongs to me." But the
officer persists in his determination, declaring that
the property will be of no use to the owner, theie-
fore he should take it for the benefit of the Gov-
ernment; and thereupon carries his design into
execution. Now, suppose a claimant under that
state of the case conies before Congress to have
remuneration fof the property taken; m such a
case, if the principle for which the Senator from
Kentucky contends were carried out, the claim
would be of no value, and could not be allowed.
Bfit, again, it is stated that the Indians wou<d
have destroyed the property if it had not been de-
stroyed by this officer. This rule, laid down by
the Senator from Kentucky, I think a false one.
Suppose it had fallen into the hands of the enemy;
the Senator from Kentucky asserts that it would
have made no more difference to the owner than if
it had .been destroyed by this officer. I cannot
agree to that principle. Is it not clear that the
Government of the United States, in thus appro-
priating thisproperty—to a certain extent, although
not directly—received benefit from its use by de-
priving the enemy of the benefits arising from its
possession? So far as this case extends, 'l am
satisfied there is a certain well-defined rule upon
which the action of Congress can proceed. It is,
that where property thus situated is appropriated
to the use of the Government negatively, on the
plain principle of t^ie Constitution that " private
property sIkiII not be appropriated to the public
use,"-the owner shall be entitled to compensa-
tion.
I come now to another question involved in the
discussion of this subject: would this property
have fallen into the hands of the enemy, or would
it not? I conceive that the position taken by the
memorialist and sustained by the Senator fiotn
Florida—that the pi operty would not have fallen
into the -hands of the Indians—is one which en-
tirely debars Congress from an affirmative action
in the question of reimbursement for destruction
of the property. If we grant the remuneration
asked for upon the ground that the.property would
not have been destroyed by the Indians, we by
our own act fasten the charge of absolute malicious
mischief on the part of the officer in destroying the
property. The Senator who advocates this claim
does it upon this ground, and the proof is to the
same effect. I do not wish to be understood as
casting any reflection upon this officer, neither
upon any officer of the army or navy. But 1 do
say, that in point of law—,as between individuals—
the responsibility would not attach to him. Take
the relation of master and servant. Let me illus-
trate the responsibility whicl#accrues to the master
from the actions of a servant, by referring to a case
familiar to the Senate, and particularly the Senator
from South Carolina. A master orders his servant
to remove the ashes from a fireplace to a certain
part of the yard adjoining the house. There being
some live coals mixed in with the ashes, upon its
being laid against the building adjoining the yard,
the house takes fire and is burnt up. Nov/ in this
ease, in carrying out the order of the master, the
master . becomes responsible for the consequences
that have resulted. But suppose that, in crossing
the yard, the servant meets with a person of pug-
nacious propensities, who will not give way, and
knocks, him down; in such a case the master would
not be responsible for such assault. The principle
is, th<it the master is not liable for the malicious
acts of the servant, which do not come within the
proper sphere of his duty, though he might be at
the same time in the servic§ of his master. There-
fore, from the argument of the Senator from Flor-
ida and the petition of the memorialist, I can come
to no other conclusion than that there was no just-
ification for the act of this officer in the destruc-
tion of this property; and that it was clearly a case
of wanton and malicious trespass.
But mote might be said upon this subject. What
was more desnable, during this Florida war, than
that the Indians should be drawn out of their
fastnesses? This difficulty went so far, that even
a celebrated military character, who has since be-
come somewhat famous as a civil character, ad-
vised that bloodhounds should be procured from
Cuba to chase the Indians out of the everglades;
and they weie accordingly procured and used for
that purpose. Now, here is the case of one of
I our own officers on the coast of Florida, who,
fearful that these Indians would come out from
their fastnesses—would do precisely what it was
desirable they should do—seizes upon this vessel
and destroys it. Had the Indians ventured out to
seize upon this vessel, would it "not have given an
opportunity for their capture—the very thing which
the army professed to desire most? But the argu-
ment here is, that it was to be feared that the In-
dians would come out and take possession of or
de'stroy this property. I say, sir, that the evidence
drawn from the condition of the country at that
time convinces me that there was something pecu-
liar and astonishing in the destruction of this
property, as also in the'claim set up for reimburse-
ment. If we are to make remuneration in cases
of this kind, without looking to the principle I
have laid down, great injury may result to the
Government of the United States, if we do not
look to the fact as to whether the destruction of
the property was positively or negatively advan-
tageous to the Government, we fail "to come to any
just conclusion.
Suppose we adopt the principle, that wherever
an officer, in the exercise of his discretion, destroys
property, we pay for it: mark my word, that as
soon as this practice shall become established, in
case of a war, when an individual sees that he
cannot preserve his property, he will be anxious
for some officer to order it to be destroyed, in order
that he may come upon Congress for remunera-
tion. This evil would soon become manifest upon i
the presentation of memorials of this character; ■
and the burden that would thus be thrown upon I
the Government could not be estimated. !
Again: allowing that the property had not fallen I
into the hands of the enemy, what is the remedy, !
supposing the destruction to have been a wanton 1
and malicious destruction? The remedy would be :
against the officer individually, though he may be ,
at the time the action would be brought, and per- 1
haps within a month after the destruction of the i,
property, in another extremity of theUnited States.
This may be a hardship to the individual, hut not
more so than the consequences which result from
the relation of debtor and creditor in all business
transactions. The creditor may not be able to
reach-the debtor because of histremoval to another
paj-t of the country. But this is a "hardship to
which all are subject, and may obtain in any other'
case of trespass. I contend .that the owner of the
property thus destroyed should be left to his pri-
vate action against the officer. The officer will
) thus become interested in mitigating the damages
I and making' them as light as possible. And then •
| the question arises, will Congress pay these rm'ti-
j gated damages? But by the principle which has'
I been advocated by the Senator from Florida, Con-
| gresg takes the fearful responsibility of indemnify*
j mg the owner of the'property in a case of wanton
| and malicious trespass by the officer.
| But how is it in regard to the amount of remu-
neration claimed here, particularly for the lead ?
We know that this article is scarce in Florida, and
it has probably been appraised according to the
war prices of lead the^-e, which are enormous. Do
we not know that the Government is almost always
impesed upon as to prices?
Mr. WESTCOTT was understood to say that
the prices charged for the munitions of war men-
tioned in the petition could not be considered ex-
orbitant, but, on the contrary, very reasonable.
The lead wasappraised and charged at onlyeighty
dollars per ton, kentledge at twenty dollars per-
ton, and other articles in a like ratio. This would
seem to be very reasonable.
Mr. WALKER. That maybe the case; but I
aai speaking of the general rule. We all know
jj that munitions of war at the seat of war areappre-
.1 ciated and valued generally according to the cir-
" cumstances of the time and place-. I am speaking
of the general role. And, sir, the Government has
no chance to test the accuracy of these charges.
Suppose we say to the contractors, your charges
are too high. They will turn, perhaps, to con-
tracts made at the same identical seat of war and
say, we have charged you only the ordinary rates,
only the same prices as have been heretofore given.
But for all that, the charges may be a hundred pe'r
cent, higher than they ought to be. There is every
opportunity, therefore, it occurs to me, left for the
Government of the United States to be imposed
jj upon. But when an individual claimant brings a
jj suit against the officer who ordered the destruction
II of the property, then there is a fair lest by which
;j the value of the property may be arrived at.
!j But is it fair in that case to appreciate the prop-
I crty at the rate at which property of the same kind
jj was selling in secure hands? No, sir; and we
j] know that between private individuals, betwesn
II the claimant and the officer who ordered the de-
ll struction, the criterion of damages would be this:
I j what would the property be worth under all the
;l circumstances? And when the fact that the prop-
• i erty is liable to fall into the hands of the enemy,
i j-and that it is liable to be destroyed1 to prevent its
j falling into their hands, are taken into considera-
tion, they would materially depreciate the value
, of the property; and m such case the inquiry be-
: i fore a court o! justice would be, what is the value
| of the property under the circumstances? This
;; would be the criterion of damages 'which a jury
would render against the officer as a private indi-
vidual. But all this is kept out of the way here.
To sum up briefly, I look upon this case as
taken out of the rule which I have mentioned.
This property was neither availed by the Govern-
ment of the United States positively nor negatively,
and this is stated both by the memorialist himself
and his witnesses. They state that the Govern-
ment of the United States received no benefit from
the property, either positively or negatively, and
if we take their evidence, we must conclude that
the destruction of the property was uncalled for,
and was a wanton and malicious act on the part of
the officer who gave the order.
Mr. WESTCOTT. If the honorable Senator
who has just resumed his seat [Mr. Walker]
will permit me, I think it an act of justice to the
Senate, I think it an act of justice to the gallant
officer <>f the navy (Commodore Dallas) who gave
the order to burn the ship, and an act of justice to
Lieutenant Clarke, who executed the command,
I to sky that all these officers acted, as they sup-
1 posed, in the exercise of their best discretion, and
as the interest and welfare of the country d«manded.
