180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
arrested by officers of the United States, and these
suppiies seized and destroyed, and the officers
were prosecuted by the losers, the Government
assumed the payment of the amount. There was
the case of General Hamilton, which I distinctly
remember, and many others." In all those cases,
when Congress believed that the officer discharged
his duty properly and in good faith, and believed
the supplies were actually going to the enemy, the
Government assumed the payment of the claim.
If necessary, 1 could refer the honorable Senator
to many other cases, for I had some interest in the
subject at the time, and the facta were strongly
impressed upo.n my memory.
But, sir, as I have said, 1 am not going to enter
into the merits of this case* Whether in this par-
ticular case the property was destroyed for the
purpose of preventing it from falling into the hands
of the enemy or not, I shall not now stop to argue.
I look, sir,at the case preciselyas it was presented.
In the year 1635 this vessel was strandid on the
coast of Florida. The individuals who owned her,
in order, to save as much cif the property as possi-
ble, carried her into Key West for the purpose of
discharging her cargo. .The vessel lay there on
the breakers till the year 1836, and in that year
she was burnt by an officer of the United States.
In 1838, two years after she was burnt, this indi-
vidual petitioned the judge having jurisdiction in
that district to take testimony in regard to the
property thus destroyed. That testimony was
" taken by order of the judge, and the testimony is
just as full as might have been anticipated under
"such circumstances. One seaman, who says he
was on board the ship, among other things de-
clares there were twenty water casks on board.
Another seaman says there were thirty water
casks. Another seaman states in evidence that
it was said that there were six tons of lead on
board the ship. " It was said!" Well, sir, when
they come to value this property—the vessel lay
there from 1835 to 1836—two years after it was
burnt, they valued not only the lead, but they val-
ued the bailast in the ship. " Six tons of lead !"
The evidence that there were six tons of lead on
board the ship rests upon the simple declaration of
an individual that "it was said"—what? That
there were six tons of lead,on board? No, sir.
"That there was a good deal of lead on board."
Another Bays there were six tons of kentledge,
whieh means nothing but ballast, and thirty water
casks. One seaman swears that there were twelve
water casks. ' This vessel lay there twelve months
exposed to the waves and the storms, and her hull,
sails, and rigging are valued at only one luindred
and seventy dollars; and yet her ballast is valued
at one hundred doHars. The vessel was destroyed
in 1836; and in 1838, two years after, the testimony
was taken, and the petition presented to Congress,
and the committee has reported on the bill; the last
reports are from 1848 up to this time, made in 1846,
1847, and 1843. Now, I would ask honorable
Senators if, fioin such testimony as this, so vague
and uncertain, they can be induced to believe that
this old hull, which had been there twelve months,
battered upon the rocte, could be worth anything,
even in case it could be removed!
Without reference, therefore, to the actual vaiue
of the property, or its being destroyed by the
officers of the United'States, I will submit if this
statement does not, on its very face, show that it
is extravagant in regard to certain articles charged
in the schedule.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I regret very n%ueh that the
Senator from Alabama [Mr. King] had not ex-
amined the papers in this case previously, and
could not have made the objections he has, instead
of at this time, just as the case is about being
decided. They could have been readily explained.
The vessel was wrecked in the latter part of 1835,
or early in 1836; the petition says, I believe, the
latter part of 1835. She was burnt in the spring,
or in June or July, 1836, I am not certain. The
Senator seems to think it singular that this prop-
erty was allowed to lay on the beach several
months. It is not at all strange; it was not perish-
able. The hull was not expected to be saved. The
anchors and chain cables, rigging, lead, iron, &c.,
certainly couid not be injured if loft there unmo-
lested for a much longer period. The cause of the
deiay in getting out the lead isexplamed in the papers
tiled. It is not a novel occurrence with respect to
wrecks stranded on the coast. Tho«e interested
await favorable tides, seasons, times, atii oppor-
tunites to take away property so situated—same-
times a whole season.
But the Senator says the*proof in this case was
not taken till 1838. Some' of it was obtained as
soon after'the vessel was burnt :U! was practicable;
and hi 1838, when Mr. Baldwin was about to pe-
tition Congress for relief, he applied to the judge
of the county for an order of appraisement, and to
take evidence, as is usual in such cases furnished
for other purposes. The judge selected respect-
able merchants, who did appraise the property as
worth, when it was burnt in 1836,J-,200—speci-
fying the items; and they made oath of it. Their
report is on file. But the Senator says the depo-
sitions are of the sailors of the brig, and that they
are very loose and contradictory. I do not think
any of the brig's crew «/ere examined. I notice
the names of citizens there wiio are witnesses, and
I do not know" that any ef' the Spanish sailors
were examined. I think the Senator is mistaken
in this.
Mr. KING, (interposing.) One of the deposi-
tions is of Peter Scott, who swears that he was a
seaman on board the brig Gil Bias. I read from
his deposition.
, Mr. WESTCOTT. Well, sir, as to Peter Scott,
the Senator is, I am satisfied, right, and I am
wrong. There are-many depositions, some taken
before the appraisers, and several since. Among
the first, there is a deposition of Mr. Cooly. My
colleague, I presume, will recognize that as the
name of a citizen of Florida, a federal officer there,
formerly keeper of a light-house on the coast de-
stroyed by the Indians. He is no seaman, and
there are others who may be seamen, wrecking,
or following the water on the coast; but this Mr.
Scott is, I believe, the only one stated to be of the
crew of the brig, and I had not noticed that fact
before. As to the discrepancy in their testimony,
one recollects twenty, one twenty-four or twenty-
five, and another thirty water-casks. He speaks
of about five tons of kentledge, and about six tons
of lead, and another states the quantity more posi-
tively. They do not, I think, contradict each
other, but some are more-specific than others are.
-The lead is charged in the appraisement six tons,
at §80 per ton. Nobody will say that is a high
price for pig lead, even in our northern cities.
There are five tons of kentledge or pig iron ballast,
appraised at §20 per ton. Is this an extravagant
price? Is this charged, as the Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Walker] feared this property was
charged, extravagantly, and at an enhanced price?
No, sir. In 1836, or 1838, or now, you could not
get pig iron -in any part of the United States for
this price per ton.
Mr. NILES. Perhaps you could get it for such
price now.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I suppose its cheapness
now, the Senator thinks, is owing to the'tariff of
1846. If so, I hope the fact will be remembered
when the tariff of 1842 is sought to be revived; but,
at any rate, the charge is reasonable. And as to
the water-casks, and anchors, and chain-cables;
There are thirty casks, valued in a lump at $75; if
it is too much, reduce it. There are three anchors,
at <|S25 each, and two chain-cables at $150; and if
they are charged too high, dock them. I have no
objection, if Senators think that-this claimant, after
waiting twelve years for remuneration, will get too
much to be allowed §1,200, without interest, to
abate all that any one may deem exorbitant. Al-
low for otily twjenty water-casks, and reduce the
kentledge; reduce all the articles, if Senators con-
sider the committee should not have allowed
them.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator inform me if
the iron cables and anchors were consumed by
fire ? and if not, what became of them ?
Mr. WESTCOTT. I do not know exactly
and' precisely what became of the articles as to.
which the Senator so anxiously inquires if they
were burnt. I do not suppose the effects of fire on
iron is very different down South from its effects
at the North. I think, but. am not certain, that it
is quite probable that when this vessel was burnt,
the anchors and cables, being of iron, did not float
off, but sunk to the bottom, and became covered
with the sand in a very few days.
Mr. HALE. Were they irreclaimable ?
Mr. WESTCOTT. If the Senator had any
knowledge of the manner in which the sea serves
property wrecked "on the Florida reef, he would
be satisfied on this score. Until burnt or broken
to pieces by a gale, the hull of the vessel stranded
upon the beach might remain for months without
injury; but once broken up, all articles that do'not
float sink, and are soon .covered with the quick-
sands', and all trace of them is lost. Why, sir, if
it were otherwise, and the honorable Senator could
tell where several Spanish galleons, laden with
gold and silver from Mexico, which were wrecked
on our coast some century ago, could be found, he
could make a greater fortune in getting the gold
out of.them that he could by going a gold hunting
in California.
No amendment being submitted, the bill was
reported to the Senate; when, the question being
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third
reading—
,Mr. HALE asked'for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as*
follows—Yeas 22, nays 23;
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Berrien, Bradbury, Butler,
Clarke, Clayton, Dayton, Dodge of Wisconsin-, Dodje of
Iowa, Downs, Foote, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, John-
son of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, Jones, Mason, Ndes,
Rusk, Webster, Westcott, and Yutee—'32.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bell, Breese,,
Bright, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dick-
inson, Dix, Feleh, Fitzpatriek, Hale, Hamlin, King, Met-
calfe, Phelps. Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood,
(Jpham, and Walker—23.
So the bill wa3 rejected; and.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:
Tuesday, January 2, 1849.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Another member appeared to-day, and took his
scat, viz; From tlfe State of New York, Mr. Wil-
liam Collins.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution in rela-
tion to binding the reports of Lieutenant Emory, r
Lieutenant Abert, Lieutenant Colonel Cook, and
the journal of. Captain Johnson-, as also the print-
ing and binding of the memoir of Lieutenant Col-
onel Fremont, reported the following resolution,
which was read and agreed to:
Rcsolcfd, That the report of Lieutenant Emory, Lieuten-
ant Abert, Lieutenant Colonel Cook, and the journal of
Captain Johnson, respectively, be bound together in one
volume, and that the Committee on Accounts be authorized
to contract for the binding of the same, in good and durable
form.
Mr. HENLEY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the letter from the
Treasurer of the United States, transmitting copies
of his accounts of receipts and disbursements of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
30th June, .1848, made a report thereon adverse to
the printing of said document; which report was
laid on the table.
Mr. HENLEY, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the resolution of the House of*
'the 18th of December last, instructing said com-
mittee to inquire into the propriety of printing
twenty thousand extra copies of Colonel Fremont's
last report to the Senate, with the accompanying
maps, and of having the same bound up with the
report of Colonel Abert, already ordered to be
printed by the House, reported the following reso-
lution; which was read, and agreed to by the
House:
Resolved, That twenty thousand extra copies of Colonel
Fremont's last report to the Senate, without the appendix,-
be printed.
Mr. "VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported bills of the following titles:
• A bill making appropriations for the payment of
revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States, for the year ending 30th June, 1850.
A bill making appropriations for the payment of
navy, pensions for th  year ending 30th June,
I 1850.
A bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending 30th June, 1850; which
bills were severally read twice, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,
Ordered, That the said bills be made the special order of
the day (or the 4th day ot January, and so to continue
(Fndays and Saturdays excepted) until disposed of.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be*
discharged from the further consideration ot*tho letter from
