1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Secretary of the Treasury, respecting an appropriation
for erioncous surveys of land in Louisiana, and that the
same be referred to tile Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, from the Com-
mittee on Elections, to whom was referred the
question of the right of Henry H. Sibley to his
seat as a Delegate from the Territory of Wiscon-.
sin, sub mitted a report thereon, accompanied by the
following resolution:
Resolved, That Henry H. Sibley be admitted to a seat on
the floor of the House of Representatives as a Delegate Irom
the Territory of Wisconsin.
Which report and resolution were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
.NOTICES OP BILLS.
Notices of motions for leave to introduce bills
and a joint resolution, were given under the 114th
rule, as follows:
By Mr. EVANS, of Maryland: A bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Uri Emmons.
By Mr. FLOURNOY: A bill to retrocede to the
State of Maryland all that portion of the District
of Columbia not occupied by the public buildings
and public grounds.
By Mr. PHELPS: A bill granting to the State
of Missouri the right of way for making 9. railroad
from Lexington, on the Missouri river, to Ohio
City, at the mouth of the Ohio river, in said State.
By Mr. SMITH, of Indiana: A joint resolution
to repeal a joint resolution entitled a "Joint Reso-
lution directing the manner of procuring the print-
ing for the two Houses of Congress, ' approved
August 3d, 1846.
A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States by J. Knox Walk-
er, his Private Secretary, which was delivered at
the Speaker's table.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR DEFICIENCIES.
The SPEAKER announced as the next business
in order, the consideration of the bill to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1849, reported
from the Committee" of the Whole House on the
state of the Union on Thursday last with sundry
amendments.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
said bill, the question being on agreeing to the
amendments.
The first and second amendments were read, and
agreed to-; vizi"
For tlie reappropriation of this sum, (carried to the sur-
plus fund,) being the purchase of agricultural implements,
cattle, mechanics' tools, lor the Ottdivas and Chippewas,
stipulated in the fourth clause of the fourth article of the
treaty of 28th March, 1836, ^5,406 47.
For payment of services ot blacksmith and striker, of the
Choctaw^ rendered alter the treaty piovision had expired
by limitation, and before he was notified thereof; and for
coal furnished the shop during the same time, §156 98.
The third amendment being read, viz:
For the expenses of an agent in taking the census of the
Nfrtli Carolina Chcrokees, under the 4th section of the act
_ ol 29th July, 1848, $400.
Mr. CLINGMAN said he had examined the
report made by the agent who was employed to
take the census. He (Mr. C.) was of opinion that
this sum of $400 was not sufficient to pay his
expenses. He had had occasion to witness the
manner in which the agent had discharged tiis "3u-
ties. It was quite a troublesome office. The agent
had to ride some three or four hundred miles
through the mountains to hunt up the Indians.
He had also some other expenses for the pay of
interpreters, &e. In his (Mr. C's) opinion, $550
would not be too much. He moved to amend the
amendment by increasing the amount from $400
to #550, and by providing that the sum should be
paid to John C. Mullay, the person employed.for
the service.
-The question being put—
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. „
The said third amendment, as amended, was
then agreed to.
The fourth, fifth, and sixth amendments were
severally read and agreed to, viz:
For continuing the collecting and digesting of such statis-
tics and materials as may illustrate the history, the present
condition, and future prospects ot the Indian tribes of the
United Slates, §5,000.
For reappropuation of this sum, (carried to the surplus
fund,) for pay, subsistence, and clothing o( the company of
sappers and miners and pontoniers, and for carr}lng out the
other purposes of the act of May 15, 1846, $93,259 40.
To enable the Cleric of the House to furnish to members
of the House the books.autliomed by ihe resolution of the
7tb August, 1646, $76,000.
1ST'
The 7th amendment was then read as follows:
For copying abstracts from old sea journals for the "wind
and current charts," and for payment of dunes on books,
maps, and instruments imported for the use of the navy,
$4,000. And from and after the 50th June next, all hooks,
maps, charts, mathematical in&truments, philosophical ap-
f&ratujs, and all other articles whatever, imported tor the use*
of the United States, shall be imported free tff duty, anything
m the act ot July 30,1846, entitled "An act reducing the duty
on imports, and for other purposes," to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the saije, by
inserting after the word " mathematical," the word
nautical; which amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; an<f
The amendment as amended was then agreed to.
The eighth, ninth, and tenth amendments, were
then severally read and agreed to, viz:
salary of llje secretary '0 sign patents for public lands,
$1,500.
To pay two messengers in the Pension Offiee, in addition
to those now employed, at the rate of $400 each per annum,
for the last two quauers ot the current fiscal year, $400.
1' orNturniahmg sixteen rooms in the new building occu-
pied by the Pension Office, at an average of $100 per room
lor carpets, matting, desks, tables, shelves, book-cases
chaii s, and other necessary articles, $1,600.
The'llth amendment was then read, viz:
At the end of line 57, in the printed bill, insert,
"including the compensation of a clerk to the Ser-
geant-at-arms, at the rate of four dollars per day,
during the present session: Provided, That hereaf-
ter there shall not be allowed a messenger in the
office of the Sergeant-at-arms;" when—
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out the proviso.
Mr. ROOT called for a separate vote upon the
amendment relative to the clerk for the Sergeant-
at-arms of the House. -
Mr. VINTON asked for a division of the amend-
ment, so as to vote upon the appropriation inde-
pendent of the proviso.
The SPEA K.ER said the amendmentvcould not
be divided. The gentleman, however, might move
to strike out the proviso, and that motion would
first bring up the question of the proviso.
Mr. VINTON accordingly moved to amend the
amendment by striking out the proviso.
He said he would simply state that there had
formerly been an assistant doorkeeper, who was
one of the regular officers of this House. Some
years ago—he believed at the death of the assistant
doorkeeper—that office was discontinued, and this
messenger substituted in his place. The proposi-
tion, if he understood it aright, was now to dis-
continue the messenger, on the ground that it was
not necessary to continue that officer if they per-
mitted a clerk to keep the accounts of the House.
It appeared, to him that there should be a messenger
or an assistant doorkeeper, or some officer of that
sort, to the Doorkeeper of the House; so that, in
case of his sickness or disability, or what was
more, in case of Ills discharging.any duties so that
he could not be here, they would have somebody
to take his place.
Now, as to the accounts of the House, though
he "had never looked into them, he took it for
granted that m theory the disbursements were
made and the accounts were kept by the Speaker.
He believed the moneys were drawn by the Speak-
er, and were paid out and accounted for by him.
Now, every gentleman must know that it was im-
possible for the Speaker of this House to keep the
accounts of two hundred and thirty members. He
presumed there were some thirty or forty checks
drawn every day. Theie should be some officer,
therefore, to keep these accounts. He did not
know, but instead of devolving that duty upon the
Sergeant-at-arms, instead of having this clerk or
assistant of the Sergeant-at-arms, he did not know I
but it would be better and more appropriate—it j
struck him it would be more appropriate to give !
the Speaker of this House a clerk, and make it the j
duty of that clerk to keep the accounts of the j
Speaker and of the House. This was what this ■
clerk now did. He supposed that the clerk kept the ;j
accounts of the Speaker, the accounts of all drafts
drawn by the Speaker, and that the members re-
lied on him. He (Mr. V.) knew that on some ||
occasions he had kept no accounts for himself, i|
having relied entirely upon the clerk. He took it
for granted, also, that this messenger was every jj
day under the necessity of going to the Treasury ij
Department or to the banker with his check to [ I
draw the money, which necessarily consumedjone |j
or two hours. Now, it was impossible for the !j
Speaker, the Doorkeeper, or the Sergeant-at-arms, ii
to discharge this duty; the Sergeant-at-arms could
not leave tlxe House to go during banking hours .
to perfonri that service. He thought, therefore,
that it would be better to permit this assistant mes*
senger to remain as he.was. He did not think this
House had too much machinery, or that there were
too many officers connected with it.
• SlMIfH,of Indiana, said he was very glad
that the gentleman from Ohio had made the motion
to strikeout the proviso. He himself had intended
to make that motion if it had not been made bv
some other gentleman. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr.Brown] had, the otherday, made the
inqurry, whether-the Sergeant-at-arms had ever
had a clerk previous to this Congress? He (Mr.
S.) did not know that a clerk had been authorized
previous to this Congress; but he knew that, du-
ring the last Congress, and the preceding Congress,
there were very frequent complaints made on the
part of members of the House, of errors of the
Sergeant-at-arms; not that there were any defect
•in the efficiency or in the integrity of the Sergeant-
at-arms; but in consequence of his not being a«.'
thorized to employ a clerk, he was not able to keep
the accounts so accurately as he otherwise would
have done. He knew that those complaints had "
been frequently made, and, in several instances,
that there had been a difference of opinion between
members of the House and the Sergeant-at-arms,
as to the State of their accounts. The accounts
had then been kept, by the Sergeant-at-arms with
the assistance of his messenger—a part of the time
the messenger was keeping the books, a part of
the time he was absent getting the money; and by
this division of his labors, the accounts were not
properly attended to. He knew that there had
been complaints on the part of the Speaker, on the
part of members, and on the part of the Sergeant-
at-arms.
Now, to obviate these difficulties, the Sergeant-
at-arms should employ both a clerk and a messen-
ger. Gentlemen talked about economy; he (Mr.
S.) desired to see as rigid economy as anybody,
but they might carry their notions of economy too
far—so far as not to allow the necessary means for
the proper discharge of the duties connected with
the House* The entire amount of per diem and
mileage during a long session would perhaps
amount to nearly a million of dollars, and in a
short session to a half million; or, in both sessions,
to a million. He asked, was it unreasonable to
allow an officer having these labors to perform,
having all the responsibility growing out of the
disbursement of these sums of money, onexlerk to
keep the books, and one messenger to get the
money and distribute it among the members?
They could not expect that these duties would be
properly*performed at a less expense. Suppose
they deprived him of a messenger: how, then, was
the duty to be performed?" Would they expect
the Sergeant-at-arms every day—(for this duty
was performed daily)—would they require their
Sergeant-at-aims every day to leave his post in the
House, and go to the banking-house and obtain
the money for members? That was no part of
the duty of the Sergeant-at-arms.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, wished to ask
the gentleman this question: He understood that
the proposition was to give the Sergeant-at-arms a
clerk, in addition to the messenger; so that he
would have a messenger to bring"the money and
distribute it, and a clerk to perform the duty of
keeping the books; what, then, he wished to
know, would be the duty of the Sergeant-at- •
army?
Mr. SMITH replied, that the duty of the Ser-
geant-at-arms was neither to get the money and
distribute it, nor to keep the accounts; but it was to
be in attendance upon the House; to execute its
process; to be here every moment during the daily-
sessions; to be ready to preserve order, upon the
requisition of the presiding officer, whenever it
should become necessary, and he (Mr. S.) had
seen times upon this floor tohen the interposition
of the Sergeant-at-arms was indispensable to pre-
serve orderand pievent bloodshed. The Sergeant-
at-arms should be at his post within the HaU every
moment of time during their sessions. The idea
that the Sergeant-at-arms was to be employed as a
messenger, getting the money and distributing it,
was a contracted and mistaken idea; the office
ought not so to be degraded'. That was a duty
which should be performed by the messenger;
and the duty of keeping the books was one That
