WS:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
should be performed by the clerk. It was impos-
sible for the presiding; officer, upon whom the re-
sponsibility rested, to keep the accounts; they
oucht, in justice to the Speaker, to permit the Ser-
geant-at-arms to employ a clerk, who should be
an efficient, intelligent man, who would have the
time and the ability correctly to keep the accounts,
and to prevent errors. He was in favor of em--
plying both officers.
Mr. ROOT said, the simple question before the
House was, whether the Sergeant-at-arms should
have more than one assistant: that was all there
was of it. -Well; up to the last session of Qon-
gress this officer never had had but one assistant;
and during the greater part of the last Congress he
had had no assistant at all. Cut now they were
told about the wonderful responsibility of this
officer—the great amount of moneys which passed
through his hands. Was it necessary, because a
man disbursed a large amount of money, and got a
good large salary, to keep up the respectability of
his office by giving him two assistants? Now, as
to the amount of his duties, he (Mr. R.) ventured
to say there was not a teller or a clerk in a bank
that did not do more than all these three persons
had to do, and who would not be glad to exchange
places with the Sergeant-at-arms, and do his ar-
duous duties and those of all his assistants.
[A/voice: But this officer prevents bloodshed.]
No, he don't, (s~aid Mr. R.) [A laugh.]
Let the Sergeant-at-arms-(continued Mr. R.)
have a messenger, if it was necessary, to help him
to disbursethe moneys of the House, and let him
be a book-keeper himself. If he was a book-
keeper, let him keep the accounts; and if he did
not know how, let the messenger do it for him;
and if he (the Sergeant-at-arms) or any of his
friends thought there was any incongruity in a
messenger doing this, let them call him a clerk.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. C. B. Smith]
had said, Don't degrade the office. He (Mr. R.)
never thought it was a particularly degrading office
to go after money, particularly when you had a
prospect of getting it. [A laugh.]
It had been said, too, that it would take the mes-
senger an hour or two daily to go after the money;
but could he not go in the morning before they
commenced their session ? They commenced now
at twelve.o'clock; the bank opened at nine; he
would then have three hours; by and by they would
commence at eleven, then he could have two hours;
and when they met as early as ten, he could then
have one hour to get it before 'the meeting of the
House. Except the "degradation" of going up to
Corcoran and Riggs's, and getting the money and
bringing it to the House, he did not see that there
was any incompatibility between the office^ of the
Sergeant-at-arms and the performance, with the
assistance of a messenger, of all the duties which
belonged to the office. .
He did not wish to argue the proposition. He
thought it would succeed. When it was first made,
it found but few friends in the House; but theie
had been constant managing and pressing, and he
supposed it would now carry. All he asked was,
t'hat he might have the opportunity to record his
vote; he therefore demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, said that
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Root] had re-
marked that every member understood the propo-
sition before the House. For his own part, he
(Mr. T.) was in favor of giving to the Sergeant-
at-arms such a number of officers as might be ne-
cessary to enable him to discharge satisfactorily
and efficiently the duties of his office. It was a
singular anomaly to impose the duties of a fiscal
officer upon a man who was merely a bailiff or a
peace officer. The Sergeant-at-arms should have
assistants enough about him to be enabled to per-
form the duties of the office without embarrass-
ment.
Having announced his intention to vote in favor
of the proposition, he would, with a view to put
an end to the discussion, move the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER said that the previous question,
if seconded, would cut off all additional amencj-
ments to the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON said, in that event he would
prefer not to move the previous question, and
would withdraw the motion. He hoped that the
vote would be taken.on the pending proposition.
Mr. VINTON. The previous question, as I
understand it, will leave all the amendments which
have been reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Uijion, as well as the
amendment that is pending, to be voted upon?
The SPEAKER said* sucft would be the effect
oi the previous question. * *
Mr. VINTON. Then I move it.
The question was then taken on the demand
which had been submitted by Mr. Root for the
yeas and nays on striking out the proviso; and
they were ordered.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL asked for the reading
of the proviso, and it was again read#
The question, " Shall the proviso be stneken
out:" was then taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 94, nays 7U, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Belcher, Blackmar, Btanciiard,
Botts, Bojdon, Bnd^e.-/Charles Blown, Kutler, Canby,
Chapman, Clapp, Clingman, Coilms, Cranston, Crowell,
Dickey, Dixon, Embree, Alexander Evans, NatJian Evans,
Farrt.ll}, Fisher, Gayie, Gentry, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale,
James G. Hampton, Harris, Henry, George S. Houston,
John W. Houston, Hudson, Hunt, Chailcs J. Ingersoll,
Joseph K. Ingersoll, Irvnt, [ver&on, Jameson, Robert W.
Johnson. John W. Jones, Kaufman, Kellogg, Lahm, La
S6ie, Levin, Lincoln, McClemand, Horace M«mn, Marvin,
AioreJtead, Morse, Newell, Outlaw, Paltrey, Petut, Piielps,
Pilsbury, Pollock, X^uuain, Julius lioekwell, John A. Rock-
well, Roman, Rose, llumsey, St. John, Scbenck, Sherrill,
Silvester, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Truman Smith,
Charles E. Stuart, Suohm, Strong, Taylor, Thibodeaux,
James, Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Thurston,Tomp-
kins, Tuck;, Turner, Van Dyke, Vinton, Wairen, Went-
woitli, White, Wick, Wiley, and Williams—94.
NAVS—Messrs. Barnnger, Bayly, Bedniger, Bingham,
Bocock, Boyd, William G. Brown, Albert G. Biown,
Buckner, Burt, Cathcart, Chase, Bevcily L. Clarke, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Coliamer, Ciozier, Barling,
Dickinson, Dunn, Faran, Feather&ton, Ficklin, Flouruoy,
French, Fulton, Gaines, Gosgin, Green, Gieeley, Willard
i\ Hall, Hatninons, Henley, Hill, Hilhard, Ehas B. Holmes,
Ilubbard, Inge, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, G. W. Jones,
Kennon, Daniel P.King, Sidney Lawienee, LeiHer, Li?on,
Lord, Lumpkin, McICay, Mt'Lane, Job Mann, Meade, Mil-
ler, Mom?, Mullin, Peaslee, Peine, Peyton, Preston, Rtch-
aid'aon, KicUry, Robinson, Roekhill, Root, lawyer, Shep-
perd, Simpson, bmart, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens,
Thomas, John B. Thompson, Robert A. Thompt-ou, Toombs,
Venable, Wallace, Wilson, and Woodward—79.
So the proviso was stricken out.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, as thus amended,
and which made provision for the appointment of
a clerk to the Sergeant-at-arms, at the rate of com-
pensation of four dollars per day during the pres-
ent session.
Mr. FIGKLIN asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 89,
nays 72.
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Belcher, Blackmar,
Blanchard, Botts, Bridges, Charles Blown, Builer, Cabell,
C.mby, Chapman, Clapp, Cltngman, Cian.-aon, Crowell,
Dickey, Dixon, Dunn, JBdwaids, Embree, N.ithan Evans,
Fanclly, Fishei. Fulton, Games, Guyle, Gtegory, Grinnell,
Hale, flaimnonsj Harris, Henry, John W. Houston, Hud-
ton, Hunt, Chailes J. Ingersoll, irvm, iveisOn, Jameson,
Robert W. Johnson, Kaufman, Kellogg, Lahm, La Sere,
Leffl.'r, Levin, Ligou, Lincoln, Horace Mann, Marsh, Mar
viti, Morehead, Morse, Muiphy, Outlaw, Pal'rey, Pettit,
Pilsbury, Pollock, Putnam, Julius Rockwell, John'A. Rock-
well, Roman, Rose, Rumsey, St. John, Schenek, Sherrill,
Silvester, Caleb B. Smith, Truman Smith. Stephens, Cnarles
E. Stuart, Suong, Taylor, Riehaid W. Thompson, Robert
A. Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston, Tompkins,
Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, White, Wick, Wilev,
and Williams—89.
NAVTS—Messrs. Barringer, Bayly, Bedinger, Bingham,
Bocock, Boyd, Boydon, William G. Biown, Albert G.
Brown, Burt, Catheart, Beverly L. Clarke, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cocke, Coliamer, Collins, Crozier, Cummins,
D.irlitig, Dickinson, Alexander Evans, Faian, Featherston,
Fickhn, Flournoy, French, Goggin, Gott, Green, Greeley,
Willard P. Hall, Henley, Hill, Elias B. Holmes, <3eorge S.
Houston, Hubbard, Inge, Andrew Johnson, Geo. W. Jones,
Kfiimon, Daniel P. King, Sidney Lawrence, Lord, Lump-
kin, McKay, AfeLane, Job Mann, Meade, Miller, Mom*,
Pea^Iee, Petrie, Peyton, Phelps, Pieaton, Richardson,
Riohey, Robinson, Roekhill, Root, Shepperd, Simpson,
Stanton, Statkweather, Thomas, John B. Thompson,
Toombs, Venabie, Wallace, Wentworth, Wilson, and
Woodward—72.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The amendments having been disposed of—
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and,
The question being on its passage—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
question being taken—
The bill was passed.
Mr. VINTON moved to reconsider the vote on
lj the passage; and on his motion, that motion was
j: laid on the table.
jj Ordered, That the Citik request tiie conciurence of the
ii Senate in said bill.
BINDING REPORTS.
Mr. McLANE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution reported from-the Committee
on Printing, providing for the binding of the re-
ports of Lieutenants Emory, Abert, Cook, and
Captain Johnson, had this morning been passed.
He said it would be recollected by the House,
that when the Committee on Printing iiad, some '
days ago, reported a resolution for the binding of
these reports, the House had determined that they
should be divided and bound in two volumes in-
stead of one; and that Lieutenant Emory's being
about the size of the others, should be bound so
as to make one volume, and the others so bound
as to make one volume. It had become necessary
to reconsider the resolution, to pick out the report
of Lieutenant Colonel Fremont, which had been
included with the others on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown.] After
the reconsideration of the resolution, it had been
sent back to the Committee on Printing; and al-
though there had been on the part of the House
a very general manifestation of the opinion that
they should be bound in two volumes, the report
had been made this morning from the Committee
on Printing, providing t&atall these reports should
be bound together in one volume. He now moved
to reconsider the adoption of the resolution, with
a view to move an amendment to provide that they
should make two volumes—the report of Lieuten?
ant Emory to constitute one volume, and the reports «
of Lieutenants Cook and Abert, and the journal
of Captain Johnson to constitute another volume;
and on that motion, fie demanded the previous
question.
Mr. CONGER appealed to the gentleman from
Maryland to withdraw his demand for the previous
question.
Mr. McLANE replied that he felt bound to in-
sist upon it, as this day had been set apart for a
special order.
Mr. CONGER beggednhat the gentleman from
Maryland would not get up and impugn the action
of the Committee on Printing, and then demand
the previous question.
Mr. McLANE withdrew the demand on condi-
tion that Mr. Conger would renew it.
Mr. CONGER said he entirely dissented from
the explanation which had been given by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, of the purpose for which
the original resolution of the Committee on Print-
ing had been rescinded, viz: that it was to with-
draw Colonel Fremont's report from the other
reports, as they had been ordered to be bound.
•He thought there was nothing in the history of
this question which warranted such a construction
to be placed upon the action of this House. The
Committee on Printing were not at liberty to pre-
sume what had been the motives of the House in
moving the reconsideration, but they had as good
a right to presume that the House intended to have
the reports bound together, as 
Mr. PETTIT interposed, and wished to ask the
gentleman from New York a question: he wanted
to know how many pages the whole work bound
together would make?
Mr. CONGER replied, six hundred and four-
teen pages all told—a less number of pages than
was contained in the large edition of the Patent
Office report, which had already been bound; a
less number of pages than could properly.be divi-
ded and bound in two volumes. The objection, or
at least the ostensible objection, here raised to bind-
I ing them in one volume was, that they would
make too large a document—that they would fall
to pieces in hemg sent in the mail. Now, six hun-
dred tind fourteen pages eouid be bound together
in a substantial, durable foim, and so that they
would remain together in being sent through the
mail.
I But the real purpose for which the reconsidera-
| tion was attempted, as he doubted not, was that
[Lieutenant Emory had a little pride about this
! matter; that he desired his report to go out to the
| country alone; to have the full credit and honor of
; having a book which contained the results of his
[ labors bound by authority of this House, andoiot
; connected with, or attached to, the report of any
l other officer of the Government. He asked, would
! this House, if they believed that was the purpose
^ of the motion to reconsider, listen to it, when the
j several documents would more properly be bound
j together?
I Mr. SCHENCK inquired of the gentleman from
