1840.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
New York, whether, ifjhese works were divided,
the second would not be an extremely small vol-
ume—scarcely an overgrown pamphlet?
Mr. CONGER (holding up a book in his hand,
, the size of winch the reporter, from the glimpse
he obtained of it, cannot attempt to describe) said
this was the size of Lieutenant Emory's report,
as-bound under order of the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK said it was on his suggestion
at the last sessions that the journal of Captain
Johnson was added to the others. He had thought
that the reports and the journal made by these offi-
cers ought to go in connection with the report of
Lieutenant Emory, as.constituting the whole his-
tory of General Kearny's expedition, and he was
still of the same opinion.
Mr. CONGER said he could only repeat what
he had said a few days since, that such was the
view which was taken of this question both by the
Committee on Printing and by this House, when
this document was ordered to be printed. It was
the view also which was taken by the Committee
on Printing at this time. It was because these
several reports related to one and the same subject
that the committee and this House had ordered the
printing of this document as one and an entire doc-
ument. It had thus been printed, and the reports
"of Lieutenants Abert and Cook, and the journal of
Captain Johnson, which he held in his hand, and
which had been stitched together by the order of
the Clerk of this House, commenced at page 420.
He renewed the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MURPHY made a warm appeal to'his col-
league to withdraw the demand; but—
Mr. CONGER declined, stating that he had
pledged himself "to Mr. McLane to make the mo-
tion.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which was agreed to.
CLAIMS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the stale of the Union, (Mr. Burt,
of South Carolina, in the chair,) on the. bill to
provide for the settlement or claims against the
United States,
. The bill having been read through, was taken
up by sections; and the first section having been
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, (who was
imperfectly heard throughout his remarks,) said
he did not propose to occupy any great length of
the time of the committee m relation to this bill.
It would be obvious to every gentleman that the
duty was one of the utmost importance, so far as
the claimants were concerned, and so far also as
- the country was concerned.
/After adverting to the amotintof the expenditures
of the Government, to its receipts, and to the large
. number of individuals who were brought directly
in contact with the officers of the Government,
Mr. R. proceeded to refer to the. mode in which
questions of this character arising between indi-
viduals and the Government were adjudicated in
other countries. In many nations, he said, resort
was had to the ordinary courts of justice. As
chairman" of the-committee, who, at the last ses-
sion of Congress, had reported the bill now under
consideration, he had endeavored to procure some
information in regaid to the couu-sc of other nations
concerning claims against the Government. The
information was obtained through the medium of
letters addressed to the ministers representing the
different nations of, Europe at the seat of Gov-
ernment in this city, and the information which
had been obtained was embodied to some extent,
though not entirely, in the report which had
been laid on the tables of gentlemen. It appeared
that in Russia, Austria, and in almost all the Ger-
man States the course was to allow the Govern-
ment to be sued, the same as an individual was sued
in the ordinary courts of justice. The saiKO
principle existed in the Netherlands and in Bel-
gium. There was also a mode of proceeding
adopted in France under the Royal Government,
which allowed proceedings to be had before what
was called the Council of State; and these pro-
ceedings, although not absolutely final by the
law, were practically so, (Mr. R. was understood
to say,) in nearly all cases, because of the few
instances in which the decision of the Council was
set aside. In every civilized nation, so far as .his
experience went, there was some tribunal in the
nature of a court of justice, in which Governments
allowed themselves to be'sued, or proceedings to be
taken against them.
It was not the design of the committee to recom-
mend such a measure in relation to the Government
of the United States, from the fact that attempts of
that kind had heretofore been made without suc-
cess, and because, in the judgment of the commit-
tee, it was probably not the best mode that could
be adopted at this time with reference, at all events,
to a great variety of the claims. In regard to the
evils which resulted from the "present system, it
was scarcely necessary to make any allusion to
them. The members of the House were perfectly
well awaie of their character and extent. Some
facts, however, had been collected, which would
show very clearly that the present system was
about the worst that could be devised. A report
was made some years since by the former chairman
of the Committee on Claims, (Mr. Whittlesey, of
Ohio,) which went into some statistics in relation
to private claims before Congresf, for tne 22d, 23d,
24th, and 25th Congresses. The present commit-
tee had procured from the Clerk of the House an
accurate statement in relation to private claims in
the 26tli, 27th, 28th, and 29th Congresses—making
altogether a period of sixteen years.
One of the most serious evils connected with the
| system arose from the fact, that claimants had not
an opportunity of being heard; that they had not
an opportunity of having their claims acted upon
by Congress. It appeared from the statements
referred to, that the following is the number of
petitions of private claimants against the Govern-
ment, within the period named, and the number of
petitions of this character which were not reported
on at all:
Private 'petitions presented. ls< sess. Htl sess. Total.
2-M Congress  2,176 617 2,893
Not repotted upon   514 20J 814
2$d Uongret&  1,902 <Ji3 2,845
Not repented upon  6-<9 496 1,115
24lh Congress  l,L9t) 1,162 3,101
Not reported upon  653 4o9 3.122
Total presented 
Total noticported  3,081
Private petitions jiraentetl to House of K epresenfatii es alone:
1st and 2d sess. extra. 3'7 sets. Total.
25th Consros-s  2,975 1/>G5 4,240
Not reported upon    I,b03 5S0 1/63
1st sess. 2d -.ess. Total.
26tli Coiigre«  2,<>25 984 3.5P9
Not lepoited upon  1,550 6b0 2',210
1st awl %d sess. extra. 3d sess. Total.
■2Hh Consrefcg  2,201 1,062 3,2t3
Not reported upon   'j59 513 1,475
lsf sess. sess. Total.
28th Congress  1,747 9ol £.708
Not spotted upon  1,038 697 1,735
29th Congress   1,922 831 9.753
Nut reported upon   920 093 1,013
Total presented House of Repieisentatives in 25tb,
26th, 27th, 23th, and 29th Congresses  17,573
Total not reported upon during same sessions .... 8.948
It thus appeared that in six yeavs 8,999 petitions
were presented to both Houses" of Congress by
private claimants, and of.these 3,081 were not re-
potted upon at all by any committee; and that in
the ten succeeding years there were presented
17,573 petitions to the House of Representatives,
and $,348 were not reported upon by any commit-
tee, being more than half the number.
But this was not the worst evil resulting1 from
the system. As icgarded those claims which were
passed, every gentleman knew that they were
almost all passed upon those days devoted to pri-
vate claims, when only such bills were acted upon
as did not give rise to debate. The bills thus
passed were generally for small amounts—revolu-
tionary pensions, or claims of that description.
Where any considerable amount was involved,
objections were interposed m almost all instances
by some one member, whose objection, under the
rule, was fatal to action upon the bill for that day.
These claims, therefore, must go over; and the
consequence svas, that during an entire session of
Congress, probably not more than twelve, fifteen,
or twenty cases that gave rise fo debate would ' he
reached, even if the ordinary time given to the
consideration of private bills on Fiidays and Satur-
days should be awarded to them. The result of
this state of things was, that there were claims
upon the calendar which had been examined by
the committee of which he was a member, which
had been before the Senate or the House of Rep-
resentatives fur a space of fifteen or twenty years.
They had been uniformly reported upon favorably',
during every session of Congress; had sometimes
been acted upon by one House,'and never unfa-
vorably by either. In relation to these claims, no
reasonable or valid objection existed; and yet,
after having been here for that great length of time,
they might be here fifteen years longer without
being heard or acted upon.
In this point of view alone, it was apparent that
there was not, in any civilized country in the
world, such an outrageous system as exists here.
He was aware that it would be urged as an argu-
ment by many gentlemen, that claims unfounded
and fraudulent were presented here. Such un-
doubtedly was the fact; but that was no reason
why those claims which were well-founded and
just should not receive the prompt consideration
of Congress.
But it was not his intention to dw*el! upon the
evils which attached to the present system. They
were well'known and understood by the members
of this House. The question to which he would
now direct the attention of the committee was,
what was the remedy? Various plans, directed to
the removal or mitigation of the evil, had been
proposed.
Mr. R. adverted briefly to the several plans
which had been hitherto submitted to Congress,
and the main objection to which had been, that,
in relation to claims of a certain limited amount,
the decision of the Board of Commissioners was
declared to be final as against the Government,
and then provision was made for the payment of
the award of the commissioners, without reference
to Congress. And he then proceeded to direct the
attention of the committee to that provision of the
present biJI which required the Board of Conimis-
sioneis to report the cases for the final action of.
Congress. Many of these claims were such as
addressed themselves to the discretion of Con-
gress—which did not come under any legal or
chancery provision, and which couid not be ad-
dressed to the discretion of any board or tribunal.
He did not very well see how such a provision
could be dispensed with; though, m respect to
claims of a strictly legal character, some provision
might possibly be introduced referring them to the
comts of justice. Perhaps some such clause might
be introduced, which, whilst it would operate bene-
ficially to the claimants, would at the same timg
protect the Government. Under these circuinstan-
ccs, the .committee had come to the conclusion,
unanimously, to report a bill which should not
give final jurisdiction to the Board of Commis-
!' sioners, but should require them to report to Con-
'! gress.
The question then was, what was the Govern-
' ment and what were the claimants to gain by this
1 cause? ,ln his judgment, much. H^had already
: alluded to the evils which existed under the pres-
ent system as respected the claimants. The evils
existingas respected the Government were not less
'• serious or apparent.
, j About one-third of the time of this House was
| consumed during the sessions of Congress, under
;the rules, in the consideration of private bills, be-
dsides the tfme consumed in Receiving reports from
^committees. The amount involved in many of
"'these bills was very far short of the actual expense
of the session of the House for one day. Indeed,
it was no unusual thing for the amount appropri-
ated by a bill not to exceed one-tenth part of the
, expense of the session. Then there was the time
consumed by the members in committee, and the
many hours aw] days which were devoted to this
poition of thft business of Congress fruitlessly. It
was matter of wonder to him that committees were
found willing in makingreports upon subjects that
were never reached, and that had been reported
upon from year after year, perhaps for a quarter of
: a century. The evil existed in the fact that these
cases could not be acted upon. Gentlemen seemed
to forget that Congress was acting in the capacity
of a court—sitting as judges in trial cases—with
the responsibility attaching to those who acted in
that capacity. Some gentlemen, it was said, made
1 it a rule to go against all claims. Equally fair it
would be for a judge to make a rule uecidmg
against all defendants, as for members of this
1 Hcuise to decide against all claimants.
! But there was another evil. It was, that oppor-
K tunity was given to bring in claims grossly un-
j founded and fraudulent. No member could have
1. been here a single session without knowing that
