140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2,
claims of this description sometimes slipped in,
and that large amounts were thus taken from the
public treasury. In his own experience, he could
refer to a number of such cases. It was impossi-
ble it should be otherwise; because, if a report
should be presented to one committee, and an unfa-
vorable report should be made on a claim, its name
or character could be changed in some form or
other, and in that way it could not be recognized,
except by means of great vigilance on the part of
those whose attention might be directed to it. So
that every opportunity existed for the grossest
fraud. If it was found that a claim was not acted
upon favorably by one committee, it would the
next time be brought up before another, (since
all that was required, under the rule, was, that the
member should hand the petition to the Clerk, with
the reference endorsed upon it,) and in that way
.. the report of a bill might be obtained. But the
testimony in favor of such claims was uniformly
ex parte. No one appeared on the part of the
Government. No one was present to cross-ex-
amine witnesses. No one found testimony for the
Government, and under these circumstances, the
argument was necessarily one-sided.
The course proposed by the present bill was
this: it established a board of three commissioners,
who were to hold a permanent session in Wash-
ington, with a salary of three thousand.five hun-
■ dred dollars a year, and to be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. The board wei e to have a clerk and
an assistant clerk. The Solicitor of the Treas-
ury was required to render his assistance, so far
as might be necessary. The district judges of
the different States were required- to take testi-
mony, except in the few cases where their engage-
ments were such that they-could not attend to it,
and in those cases a commission was to be issued
to a commissioner of the United States, whose
duty it should be to execute the said commission.
In all cases, opportunity was to be given to the
Government of the United States to be represented,
and to appear, either by cross interrogatories or
by its district attorney, to examine witnesses, and
the same opportunity is to be allowed to the claim-
ant, in cases where testimony is taken on behalf of
the United States. The testimony thus got, was
brought before the board. The claimants might file
written arguments, and the Government, through
its officers, might do the same thing. After going
through an examination, a decision, or rather a
recommendation was made- to Congress by the
* board; and it was made their duty, at the com-
mencement of each session, and periodically, at
subsequent times, to accompany their reports by
bills. The committee thought that the commis-
sioners would embrace in one bill claims similar
in their character, to be governed by a certain prin-
ciple; as, foi^nstance, that claims relating to revo-
lutionary pensions should be put in one bill, and
so on. So that, at the commencement of a session,
there might probably be ten or fifteen bills, em-
bracing vafious claims. The cases would thus be
put into such a shape as that they could all be
acted upon by Congress during the session, in at
least one-third of the time that was now-occupied;
since many cases, governed by the same principle,
might be decided in one bill.
It was also provided, that in case action should
not take place at the same session at which the re-
port should be made, it should be acted upon at
the next session; and if not disposed of then, that
it should be taken up at the subsequent Congress,
and proceeded with m the same manner as though
it had been finally acted upon at tlfe session when
presented. The committee thought, tffat by adopt-
ing this coursi:, the final decision of Congress,
- either in admission or rejection of the claims,
might certainly be obtained.
Some provision was requisite in relation to
claims upon which adverse reports were made.
The provision of the bill was, that claims referred
to the commissioners, and by them adversely re-
ported upon, should be reported to the House in
which they originated; and if Congress should
confirm the decision of the board, then the com-
missioners should not be required again to consider
these claims, except on such grounds as would be
good grounds for relief in law or equity.
The course proposed for the presentation of the
claims was, that so soon as thepctitions should have
been presented, the Clerk of the House or Secretary
of the Senate should pass them over to the Board of
Commissioners, that they might be acted upon; that
during the recess any person or corporate body
having such a claim might file it; and that when so
filed, the same course should be pursued as if the
petitions had been regularly presented to Congress.
There were parts of the bill, he was aware,
which, in this hasty explanation of its provisions,
he had overlooked. It seemed to him that it would
obviate the objections which had been made to
other bills, and at the same time secure the'intelli-
gent and prompt action of Congress upon these
claims which were brought forward; that it would
procure something like justice to claimants so far
as it could be obtained before any tribunal what-
ever; and that, at the same time, it would protect the
Government to the amount of thousands and tons
of thousands of dollars every year.
Having thus briefly explained the objects and
purposes of the bill, he would not further tax the
attention of the committee.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL said that there would
probably be little difference of opinion as to the
propriety of legislation on the subject now be-
fore the committee. Whether the object would
probably be reached by the measure proposed,
is a question by no means free from doubt. The
Committee on Claims, in whose investigations and
experience the plan had originated, is entitled, for
.many reasons, to confidence. Every effort, it is
to be presumed, has been made by the committee
'to give consistency to a contemplated reform.
It was to that committee that most of the private
claims were habitually referred; by them they
were examined and reported on, and under their
guidance they were, if at all, conducted through the
House. They were fully-competent to judge of
the defects of the present system, inasmuch as they
had constant occasion to mourn over them, and
they now present a scheme by which those defects
are to be remedied or supplied. It was to be feared
that the gvil had not been completely met. Con-
ceding to the authors of the bill all the advantages
of experience in existing errors, it might be, and
perhaps was, that the remedy, if at all better than
the disease, was not calculated to effect anything
like a radical cure.
The aim of the proposed plan seems to be to
accelerate, in a greater o*r less degree, the move-
ments of Congress in relation to a very large class
of cases. These cases are now, after passing an
ordeal in the committee-room, placed upon the
calendar, and in the course of time may, if they
are fortunate enough to be among the early re-
ported ones, get to a vote. The progress is slow,
the impediments are numerous; and the perils
great. From these difficulties, which are so bad
as to be intolerable, it is proposed to clear the way
of claimants by instituting a board that shall hear
and decide, and then, after an indefinite, although
not perhaps infinite delay, or delay without end,
the cases are to be brought to Congress back again,
or for the first time, it matters not which, to un-
dergo exactly the same delays and dangers to
which they are exposed agreeably to existing
usage. It is not quite obvious how even expedi-
tion is to be promoted by leaving procrastination
to do all its work as it does now, after interposing
another tribunal in addition, though the speed of
the wind may be in its limbs.
That, however, is not the principal objection.
If accelerated velocity be attained, there are yet, at
fii;st blush, fatal errors in the plan. You will have
still the same unsatisfactory tribunal to adjudicate
your cases that you are dissatisfied with now, and
are endeavoring to get rid of. It recurs with no
substantial change, having only the doubtful ad-
vantage in preliminary of the judgment of a board
of strangers, instead of the report of a board of
fellow-members. The numerous representatives
of the people of the United States are the court of
appeals which is to determine in the last resort.
Is it not well known that while a majority of voices
make the decree, a very small minority of minds
are brought to bear upon the subject? Now and
then a claim of peculiar interest may arise involv- I
mg some popular or exciting topic, or conneeted !
with matter that happens to be familiar to every- J
body. Not one case in a hundred is of that de- '
scription. Even that one is often decided by the
influence of preconceived notions, or what would
t be called leading principles, rather than by means
j of a careful and conscientious study of essential
j details. Members are otherwise occupied: they
} have not been aware of the prominence of the case
on the calendar, and are tgken by surprise by its
sudden approach; or they are willing- to adppt the
sentiments of perchance a majority, and per-
chance a minority of the committee from which "
reports have been made, or they do not understand
it, and therefore vote against it, or they are favor-
ably disposed towards particular classes of claim-
ants, and therefore they vote for it. In any and
all of these cases it is perfectly certain that there
is a judicjal sentence, without any actual or pre^
tended exercise of the judicial mind. No parallel
is to be found anywhere to this. Every court of
justice in Christendom professes to hear as well as
to decide. It assumes a vjrtue, though it has it
not. Even the judge of the infernal regions, though
he may first punish, yet at some stage of the pro-
ceeding, late as it may be, hears. A large pro-
portion of this tribunal will not hear at all. It is
a reproach to the name of justice to call that judg-
ment which is none.
Where is the harm in submitting the claims to
final determination before a proper board? It will
have the advantage of permanency, reflection,
knowledge of all its business, and entire responsi-
bility. The accounting officers of the treasury
already decide cases without number and of count-
less value, growing out of official duties, under
every department of the Government. Those are '
all claims upon the Government, and there is war-
rant in existing law for acting upon them. The
decrees so made are final. A certificate of the
balance created by them is sufficient for an ap-
propriation, which is always the consequence of
them. Claims upon individuals, on the other
hand, are the proper subjects of investigation
before courts of justice, and they are determined
before such tribunals finally. Men are but men.
The ermined judge holds his high office under
pledges of responsibility not essentially different
from those which would be given by the mem-
bers of a board of claims. Both are alike appoint-
ed for their fitness and integrity. The judges have
more learning in the law. The commissioners (if
such be the name) might have more familiarity
with the arithmetic of claims upon the Govern-
ment, and the nature of the cases to be decided,
and the practice of tjfovernment agents in making
or avoiding equitable liabilities for the Govern-
ment. Yet here is a whole volume of proper ob-
jects of investigation, with nobody to investigate
and pass upon them. A blank is left in the pro- ■
visions of remedial justice, which can be readily
filled. Express liabilities are settled by the ac-
counting officers already. Implied liabilities, which
are exactly as just, as binding, as well entitled to
be paid, are left either absolutely without remedy, *
or with a remedy so uncertain and precarious that
it does not deserve the name.
Mr. DUER. said he approved very heartily of
thegeneral'objects sought by this bill, and likewise,
from the cursory examination which he had been
able to give, of most of its particular provisions.
There were some matters of detail^ however, in
which it appeared to him improvement might be
made.
_,With respect to the general objects sought by
this bill, he might say,in the first place, that it was
demanded of this Government, not only on the
ground of which the honorable gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. J. A. Rockwell] had spoken,
of justice to private claimants, many of whom had
been deprived year*after year of what was justly
due to them; but, in his opinion, it was infinitely
important to this Government; for if just claims
had not been paid, there were claims which never
would have passed a board .of commissioners
which had been paid. He-believed, therefore, it was
calculated to do justice to those to whom justice
had not been done, and also to protect the Govern-
ment by preventing unfounded claims from pass- '
mg.
As had been said by gentlemen who had prece-
ded him, this House and the other House of Con-
gress,^ the judges of these claims, paid very little
attention. Gentlemen here voted in classes; it was
found absolutely impossible for all gentlemen to ex-
amine thoroughly every claim; therefore, some took
the report of the committee and voted for every
claim, unless it was made perfectly clear that it ought
not to pass; while others took the opposite ground,
and, disregarding the report of the committee, voted
against every claim which was not proved on the
floor of the House to be clearly just. Now, these
were results which were unavoidable; for it waa
