144
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GCOBE.
Jan. %
if the amount was fixed, that difficulty was ob-
viated, and the board would be enabled to decide
as the courts would. For his own part, he would
refer every ease to the courts of the State in which
the claimant lived, to be adjudicated either with or
without the aid of a jury. It was the fairest, the
speediest, the most direct, and, in his judgment,
the most judicious mode of adjustment. There
was a confidence felt in the judiciary of the coun-
try which could never attach to any other tribunal;
there was a fairness" in its mode of proceeding
which commended it to the confidence of the
country and of Congress.
Whatwas the objection which was raised against
vesting this jurisdiction in the courts? If their
decision was made final, then the mode by which
it was arrived at, the fairness which marked the
proceedings, the character of the men who passed
upcyj the case, and the great legal learning which
was brought to bear upon it—all these things, he
submitted, were in favor of these tribunals. But
he presumed that no such law could pass. The
judiciary would not be charged with these cases,
although, if the committee came to that conclu-
sion, he thought that it would do injustice both to
the Government and the claimants, if a board of
commissioners was to be appointed, it should, he
thought, have the power of final decision up. to" a
certain amount; but above that amount, Congress
should exercise its discretion whether the claim
should be allowed or disallowed. In that way,
all confusion would be obviated between Congress
on the one side and the board on the other.
"He concurred in the opinion expressed by his
colleague, [Mr. Duer,] that instead of sending
petitions to Congress and transferring them to the
board, he would provide that the petitions be pre-
sented directly to the board, duly tried, with copies
of all the vouchers relating to the same; thus
enabling the board to determine whether evidence
should be taken in the case; and if the taking of
evidence should be ordered, that the expense and
risk of transferring the original papers be avoided; [
when the testimony should be taken, that the origi- I
nal papers should be transmitted then to the board. !
The board should then be required to placc these
claims upon the calendar in the order in which they
were presented; to take testimony, and to dispose
of them in that form. When the decision was
made, let the claimant receive a certificate that the
claim was allowed; that a decision within a certain
amount would be allowed; if beyond a certain
amount, then let it be sent to Congress to be ap-
propriated, if Congress should assent.
He had another objection to this bill. The plan
proposed contemplated a permanent organization.
It seemed to him to be too hazardous an experiment
to risk ihe establishment of such a board; and he
had several leasons for this opinion.
In the first place, the plan was an experiment,
and nothing more, and, as such, should be fully
and fairly tested. And further, every man who
had any knowledge of the legislation of this House,
or of Congress, knew that it was much easier to
force legislation when it became absolutely neces-
sary, than to procure legislation which might be
delayed, or passed upon*from session to session or
from Congress to Congress. The men who com-
posed this board would be brought, from the neces-
sity of the case, in communication with the claim-
ants upon whose cases they had to decide. Here,
then, was a door opened to corruption. " And al-
though we might say that no men would be placed
upon this board whose characters were not a suf-
ficient guarantee of their integrity, yet no man's moneys were il.oV,,™, n t 1 '"r
ex,,,,,.,,, would jus,Hy him jn LJing that cor- !• ,he"STo^ !
watchfulness whi h attended their proceedings,
were removed from the hazard of such contingen-
cies. He never could consent, by his vote, to
establish a permanent tribunal of this description.
He would vote for the bill, if it could be so amended
as to carry out the object "he had in view; but he
could not consent to make the board permanent
until the experiment had been fairly tested. If,
after that, Congress should find that it secured jus-
tice to claimants an<j protection to the rights of the
j Government,'it could then be continued." If not—
! if it should be found that it had not answered the
J ends for which it had been created, let further
! power he taken away from it. These were his
| objections, briefly stated. He would, at the proper
j time, offer such amendments as seemed to him
i proper to be ingrafted on the bill,
j Mr. FICKLIN said it might be very proper that
I some such bill a? this should be passed, and he
| had hoped that the zeal which the Committee on
| Claims had manifested in regard to the subject,
j vvould have enabled them to devise some hill less
t liable to objection than that now before the com-
j mittee.
! It would be seen that several of the members on
j this floor who had themselves voted in favor of
: claims at every session during which they had
j been here, and who had voted liberally, objected,
j nevertheless, to the passage of the bill, as opening
I the doors of the public treasury too wide, and in"
; viting persons to come and partake at their will.
I To the first section of the bill there was this ob-
, jeftion, which had been noticed by at least two
! of the gentlemen who had preceded him. This
! board was to hold office for life. There was no
j limitation of the term of office after the appoiht-
J ment had been once made. That was one objec-
■ tion; it wo'jlil certainly be made a very serious
I objection on his side of the House; and he was
! glad to find that it would be made so with many
; gentlemen on the other side of the House also.
If these gentlemen were to hold office during life",
why not make the offices themselves hereditary;
and let the oldest sons succeed to their fathers >
The hour had gone by^when life offices would be
tolerated here.
He thought, also, that a smaller board would
subserve the purposes contemplated by this bill.
In examining carefully the sixteenth section of the
bill, it wouLd be perceived that these commission-
missioner of the Land.Office, who had in his
charge all the public lands of this great nation.
Still, he had, no objection to that, if the number of'
commissioners should be reduced, and if a respon-
sible and competent man could be appointed to
adjudicate these claims.
He, for one, had opposed very many of the
claims presented to this House. But he was not
opposed to just, fair, righteous, and equitable
claims. He was not opposed to individuals who
had just claims having these claims properly
adjusted; and it was witfo a view to accomplish
this object, and to do equal justice on either side,
that he wished the bill before the committee to be
amended and perfected.
He would, for a moment, call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Claims [Mr.
Rockwell},to the second section, which provided
for the presentation of these claims, fiist to Con-
gress, and during the recess, to the Secretary of
the Senate and the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentative- He could see no reason, no ground
for presenting these claims to Congress, or placing
the papers in'the hands of the Clerk in one in-
stance, or the Secretary in the other,-to be referred
to these commissioners, and ifjCongress decided
that a board should be established, let"the claimants
go there first, without the necessity of taking a cir-
cuitous route through either House of Congress.
Co^uld any good reason be shown for this "provis-
ion of this bill? He thought not. The first notice
which, in his judgment, either House should have
of these claims, should be the report of the com-
missioner and solicitor on the evidence, accompa-
nied by their opinion as to the justice and sound-
ness of the claim.
There was one other section of the bill to which
he would call, the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Claims and of the House. It was
section 10. It read as follows:
St-c. ]0. Jltul hn U further enacted, That all letters and
other written and printed papers, to and t'roin each of said
commissioners and the secretary of said board, on business
of the board, shaft be received and carried !>} the mail ftee
of po^Uigre; and if either shall violate the frank,ng privi-
lege, he shall be liable to the samepenalties as a, e prescribed
for violation or the same privilege by other officers of (be
Government.
Nov/, (Mr. F. continued,) the House could not
fail to see the alarming extension of the franking
privilege which was contemplated by this section.
i vvv , j T-* 1**11 *   I
ers were to do little-else than collect testimony and It er^ inc"yidual who either had, or pretended to
t tllini TLX .. . t .* . . i - 1 , W Q O aIo , wv K r\ tU a k „ _ .1 - f - -   
report to this House, in relation to the merits of
each claim to be presented to them. How, he con-
, curred m the yiews of one of the gentlemen who
! suggested his objections to this bill. -Fie (Mr.
; F.) thought, that instead of there being three com-
; missioners, it was sufficient to have one commis-
i sioner; and to have a solicitor—askillful, efficient
and competent member of the bar—to o-uard the
have, a claim before the board of commissioners;
every person who might set up any excuse what-
ever m relation to a claim, would iiave the privi-
lsge of writing to the commissioners, and being
written to by them free of postage in respect to
that claim against the Government, or to any other
species of business which could possibly be con-
nected with it; and all that matter would puss and re-
.1 1- .... , f T . . . '
interests of the Government in ail adjudications of j; Pass ^3rou^^ niails free. In looking at the scope
this kmd.^ There was no doubt that the claim- !■ ?nc* extent °f section, it would be found that it
| ants would be -represented; there was no doubt ii lnc,eHi!e4 the franking privilege enormously, and to
| that individual interests would take care of them- 'I ana'arm^3nextent' He, for one, thoughtthat, under
! selves; and what was important was, that th'e in- !| ft ?Xstem postage, which seemed to be ob-
j terests of the Government should be guarded by -! ta^n£ throughout the country, it was important
a competent officer. He repeated, therefore, that !; tt0 na^row down the franking privilege rather than
. instead of having three commissioners, he would
i prefer to have but one,-together with one cofripe-
I tent solicitor, and one competent secretary; and
| let a report be required on the evidence, and also
, bn opinions as to the soundness and validity of
' the claim.
I He would venture to predict, that if gentlemen '
| would read the bill carefully, so.far as the public
leported to this House. None of those safeguards
were thrown around the treasury winch this House
AIT 0"U t f A * U n. ^ ^     ' . e •. .   
ruption would not at some time or oth-er enter ii.
It was liable to be prostituted to bad purposes, , tmuwuan
and, m the hands of party, might becometin instru- ; ou<>ht tn thmw r-. :r , —
mem of power. This was t contingency which " StywasX,ntrd T T?' 7
ought to be provided against. He would venture invited to come' before thi* Wi I' T'®
l°.!LlSer'.' that, bu-1 a few would pass before |. claims in any manner in which they mighTbe able
numerous and grievous complaints would b*e made.
He would try the board as an experiment. He
would limit its existence to-a certain term, so that
if Congress should be satisfied that all was not
as it should be, it would be m the power of the
Government to put an end to it, and to take away-
*ts P°wer- . Whilst Congiess might havesufficierit
confidence in men to justify the establishment of
sueh a hoard, they should throw around it all the
checks and guards which were essential to all hu-
man tribunals. The courts of the country, by the i, ihe^mmissioueTofXT'lnat. Tr'°"
guards which were thrown around them, and the
( to do so
. He gave notice, that at a proper time he should \
, move an amendment to the bill, to strike out the I
■ number of three commissioners, and insert one- I
! and also an amendment limiting the time during i
which he should serve to four years, unless sooner f
^ removed by the President. !'
1 As to the salary of three thousand five hundred '
dollars a year, he had no objection to it. It was a
high salary. It was above that which was given to i
the Commissioner.of the General Land Of&e In !l
faet, it was elevating these officers'above the'Com- il
: to enlarge it. h was important that the mails
i should not be burdened as they would be under
j this tenth section.
, With these general remarks, he would yield the
I floor.
j Mr. STRONG, of Pennsylvania, obtained it.
Whereupon the committee rose, and the House
i adjourned.   
PETITIONS.
The following petitions weie pifsented under the rule,
and leierted :  
ByMr. SMART: The petition of A. Martin and 135 others
citizens of Camden. Maine, a-kmg for the erection of aliglit-
nou«*e at the rnoutri oi Goosorivei naibor. AI$o. the petition
of 1'liomas Cooksoi! and 60 oiheis. asking foi the urecUon
ot n h<jhf hniwp at the enhance ot Giikey's hatbor, in the
town ot L?le^boro\
jiy Mr. A. JOiiiYSON : The petnion offtir. John English,
:; askjng to he pl.u ed on Ihe roll ol invalid pt-n^ioner^.
By Mi. GAINES: The petition ot C. M. Clay, praying
rehel from the eflrcis of a judgment remieied against hint
;n LomsuUe, Kentucky, for injuries done to private pi op-
crty in fhe discharge ot Ins duty a* captain in the service of
Uio Lnited States. Also, the petition of j. U. Kiclnsnn, for'
himself and other hens of Colonel Holt ilicinson, praying
coinpen'-rition of their ancestors for revohjtionaiy veivtces.
Jly Mi. IVEltSON- The petition oi' Me«sis Haley and
Collin*, asking the aid of the Gr>\ ernmei,t in the establish-
ment of a telegraphic hne tiom New Oilcans tuCahtoniia.
By Mi. HUNT: The petition of II. G. YVnt?Unv and 54
Citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, for an appropiiation to place
buoys and a light-ship at the entiance ol" the Niagara river,
on Horse-shoe Reef.
