148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 3,
with the "sanction and approval"of the Presi-
dent, established " a tariff of duties in the ports
of the Mexican Republic" " during the war with
Mexico," and " by what legal, constitutional, or
other authority," the " revenue thus derived" was
appropriated to " the support of the army in Mex-
ico,'' 1 refer the House to my annual message of
the 7th of December, 1847; to my message to the
Senate of the 10th of February, 1848, responding
to a call of that body, a copy of which is herewith
communicated; and to my message to the House
of Representatives of the 24th of July, 1848, re-
sponding to a call of that House.
The resolution assumes that the Secretary of the
Treasury " established a tariff of duties in the ports
of the Mexican Republic." The contributions
collected in this mode were not established by the
Secretary of the Treasury, but by a military order
issued by the President, through the War and
Navy Departments. For his information, the Pres-
ident directed the Secretary of the Treasury to pre-
pare and report to him a scale of duties. That
report was made, and the President's military order
of the 31st March, 1847, was based upon it. The
documents communicated to Congress with my
annual message of December, 1847, show the true
character of that order.
The authority under which military contribu-
tions were exacted and collected from the enemy,
and applied to the support of our army during the
war with Mexico, was stated in the several mes-
sages referred to.
' In the first of these messages, I informed Con-
gress that "on the 31st of March last 1 caused
' an order to be issued to our militaiy and naval
' commanders to levy and collect a military contri-
' bution upon all vessels and merchandise which
' might enter any of the ports of Mexico ill our
' military occupation, and to opply such contribu-
' tions towards defray mg tile expenses of the war.
" By virtue of the right of conquest and the laws
' of war, the conqueror, consulting his own safety
' or convenience, may either exclude foreign com-
' merce altogether from all such ports, or permit
* it upon such terms and conditions as he may
' prescribe. Before the principal ports of Mexico
' were blockaded by our navy, the revenue derived
' from import duties under the laws of Mexico was
' paid into the Mexican tieasury. After these
' ports had fallen into our militaiy possession, the
' blockade was raised, and commerce with them
* permitted upon prescribed terms and conditions.
* They were opened to the trade of ail nations
' upon the payment of duties more moderate in
' in their amount than those which had been pre-
' viously levied by Mexico, and the revenue which
' was forrnerly paid into the Mexican treasury
' was directed to be collected by our military and
* naval officers, and applied to the use of our army
' and navy. Care was taken that the officers, sol-
* diers, and sailors of our army and navy should
* be exempted from the operations of the order;
'and as the merchandise imported, upon which
' the order operated, must be consumed by Mexi-
' can citizens, the contributions exacted were -in
' effect the seizure of the public revenues of. Mex-
' ico, and the application of them to our own use.
' In directing this measure, the object was to com-
' pel the ene'my to contribute, as far as practicable,
' towards the expenses of the war."
it was also stated in that message, that meas-
' ures have recently been adopted, by which the in-
' ternalasweli as the.externai revenues of Mexico,
' in all places in our military occupation, will be
' seized and appropriated to tile use of our army
' and navy.
"The policy of levying upon the enemy contri-
' butions in every form consistently with the laws
' of nations, whrfch it may be practicable for our
* military_ commanders to adopt, should, in my
'judgment, be rigidly enforced, and orders to this
'effect have accordingly been given. By such a
' policy, at the same time thaf* our own treasury
wilt be relieved from a heavy drain, the Mexican
' people will be made to feel the burdens of the
'war, and, consulting their own interests, may be
' induced the more readily to require their rulers
' to accede to a just peace."
In the same message, I informed Congress that
the amount of the "loan" which would be required
for the further prosecution of the war, might be
" reduced by whatever amount of expendiluie can
be saved by military .-contributions collected in
Mexico; and that " the most rigorous measures
for the augmentation of these contributions jiave
been directed, and a very considerable sum is ex-
pected from that source." The Secretary of the
Treasury, in his annual report of that year, in
making his estimate of the amount of loan which
will probably be required, reduced the sum in con-
sideration of the amount which would probably
be derived from these contributions, and Congress
authorized the loan upon this reduced estimate. In
the message of the 10th of February, 1848, to the
Senate, it was stated that " no principle is better
' established than that a nation at war has the right of
' shifting the burden off itself, and imposing it on the
' enemy by exacting military contributions. The
' mode of making such exactionsmust be left to the
' discretion of the conqueror, but it should be exer-
' cise in a manner conformable to the rules of civil-
' ized warfare. The right to levy these contribu-
' tions is essential to the successful prosecution of
' suitable to him. Whenever we have an opportu-
' nity we seize on the enemy's property, and convert
' it to our own use; and thus, besides diminishing
' the enemy's power, we augment our own, and ob-
' tain at least a partial indemnification or equivalent
' either for what constitutes the subject of the war
'or for the expenses and losses incurred in itsprose-
'cution; inaword,we do ourselves justice." " (n-
' stead of the custom of pillaging the open coun-
'try and defenceless places," the levy of contribu-
tions has been "substituted." " Whoever carries
' on a just war, has a right to make the enemy's
'country contribute to the support of his army,
' and towards defraying all the charges of the war.
| 'Thus he obtains a fiart of what is due to him;
i 'and the enemy's subjects, by consenting to pay
i 'the sum demanded, have their property secured
| ' from'pillage, and the country is preserved." These
principles, it is believed, are uncontroverted by any
' war in anenemy's country; and the practice of!! civilized nation in modern times. The public law
nations has been in accordance with this princi- ij of nations, by which they are recognized, has been
' pie. It is as clearly necessary as the right to
' fight battles, and its exercise is often essential to
' the subsistence of the army. Entertaining no
' doubt that the military right to exclude com-
' merce altogether from the port3 of the enemy in
' our military occupation included the minor right
' of admitting it under prescribed conditions, it be-
"' came an important question, at the date of the
' order, whether there snould.be a discrimination
' between vessels and cargoes belonging to citizens
' of the United States ana vessels and cargoes be-
' longing to neutral nations."
In the message to the House of Representatives
of the 24th of July, 1848, it was stated that " it is
' from the same source of authority that we derive
1 the unquestioned right, after the war has been
' declared by Congress, to blockade the ports and
' coasts of the enemy, to capture his towns, cities,
' and provinces, and to levy contributions upon
' him for the support of our army. Of the same
' character with these is the right to subject to our
1 temporary military government the conquered
' territories of our enemy. They are all belliger-
' ent rights, and their exercise is as essential to the
'■ successful prosecution of a foreign war as the
' right to fight battles." <
By the Constitution, the power "to declare'1 war
is vested in Congress; and by the same instru-
ment it is provided that " the President shall be
commander-in-chief of the army and navy of the
United States," and that "he shall take care that
the laws be faithfully executed,"
When Congress have exerted their power by
declaring war against a foreign nation, it is the
duty of the President to prosecute it. The Con-
stitution has prescribed no particular mode m
which he shall perform this duty.
The manner of conducting-the war is not defined
by the Constitution.
The term war, used in that instrument, has a
held by our highest judicial tribunal as W code
which is applicable to our "situation" in a state
of war, and binding on the United States; while in
admiralty and maritime cases it is often the gov-
erning rule. It is in a just war that a nation Ijas
the "right to make the enemy's country contribute
to the support of his army." Not doubting that
oar late war with Mexico was just on the part of
the United States, I did not hesitate, when charged
by the Constitution with its prosecution, to exer-
cise a power common to all other nations, and
Congress was duly informed of the mode and ex-
tent to which that power had been and would be
exercised at the commencement of their first ses-
sion thereafter.
Upon the declaration of war against Mexico, by
Congress, the United States were entitled to all the
rights which any other nation at war would have
possessed. These rights could only be demanded
and enforced by the President, whose duty it wasr
as "commander-in-chief of the army and navy of
the United States,*1 to execute the law of Congress
which declared the war. In the act declaring war,
Congress provided for raising men and money to
enable the President " to prosecute it to a speedy
and successful termination.'' Congress prescribed
no mode of conducting it, but left the President to
prosecute it according to the laws of nations as his
guide. Indeed, it would have been impracticable
for Congress to have provided for all the details of
a campaign.
The mode of levying contributions must neces-
sarily be left to the discretion of the conqueror,
subject to be exercised, however, in conformity
with the Jaws of nations- It may be exercised by
requiring a given sum, or a given amount of pro-
visions, to be furnished by the authorities of a
captured city or province; it may be exercised by
imposing an internal tax, or a tax on the enemy's
commerce, whereby he may be deprived of his
well-understood meaning among nations. That;; revenues, and these may be appropriated to the
meaning is derived from the laws of nations, a code i I use of the conqueror. The latter mode was
which is recognized by all civilized Powers as I adopted by the collection of duties in the ports of
being obligatory in a state of war. The power is Mexico, in our military occupation during the late
derived from the Constitution, and the manner of   
exercising it is regulated by the laws of nations,
When Congress have declared war, they, in effect,
make it the duty of the President, in prosecuting
it by land and sea, to resort to all the modes and
to exercise all the powers and rights which other
nations at war possess.
He is invested-with the same power in this
war, with that republic.
I So well established is the military right to do
| this under the laws of nations, that our military
; and naval officers, commanding our forces on the „
| theatre of war, adopted the same mode of levying
I contributions from the enemy, before the order o?
i the President of the 31st of March, 1847, was is-
sued. The general in command of the army at
respect as if he were personally present, command- |j VeraCruz, upon his own view of his powers and
mg our fleets by sea or our armies by land. He ji duties, and without specific instructions to thai
mav conduct the war by issuing orders for fighting i! effect, immediately after the capture of that city
battles, besieging and capturing cities, conquering adopted this mode. By his order of the 28th
and holding the provinces of the enemy, or by >; of March, 1847, heretofore communicated to the
capturing his vessels and other property on the ,, House of Representatives, he directed a '• tempo-
high seas. But tnese are not the only modes of rary and moderate tariff of duties to be estab-
prosecutmg war which are recognized by the laws ; lished."
of nations, and to which he is authorized to resort, i! Such a tariff was established, and contributions
The levy of contributions on the enemy is a right ; we,-e collected and applied to the uses of our army,
of war, well established, and universally acknowl- ! At a still earlier period, the same power was exer-
edged among nations, and one which every bel- , cised by the naval officers in command of our
ligerent possessing the ability may properly exer-
cise. The most approved writers on public law '
admit and vindicate this right as consonant .with ,
reason, justice, and humanity. * 1
No principle is better established than that " we
squadron on the Pacific coast.
Notdoubting theauthority to resortto this mode,
the oider of the 31st of March, 1847, was issued,
and was in effect but a modification of the previous ,
orders of these officers, by making the rates of
{ U 1 | . , l ; \Ji UlCov Vlll^Clo, UV matting ulc Itttvc
have a right to deprive our enemy of his pos- ], contribution uniform, and directing their collection
T"*l0?u' °h eve,fyth,lng whlci: augment his | in all the ports of the enemy in our military occu-
' strength and enable hira to make war. Thiseve.rv !: ™i;r i J„nJ.,  ;i:.  
strength and enable hira to make war. This every
' one endeavors to-accomplish in the manner most
pation and under our temporary military govern;-
ment.
