1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
The right to levy contributions on the enemy in
the form of import anil export duties in his ports
was sanctioned by the treaty ot'peace with Mexico. ;
By that treaty, both Governments recognized and 1
•confirmed the exercise of that right. By its pro-
visions, " the custom-houses at all ports occupied ,
by the forces of the United States" were, upon the {
exchange of ijtifications, to be delivered up to j
the Mexican authorities, "together with all bonds i
< and evidences of debt for duties on importations !
" and exportations not yet fallen due;" and "all |
' duties on imports and exports collected at j
' such custom-houses or elsewhere-in Mexico i
« by authority of the United States," before the ,
ratification of the treaty by the Mexican Gov- '
ernment, were to be retained by the United States, ;
and only the net amount of duties collected after
this period was to be " delivered to the Mexican j
Government." By its provisions, also, all mer- !
chandise " imported previously to the restoration of |
the custom-houses to the Mexican authorities," j
or " exported from any Mexican port whilst in j
the occupation of the forces of the United States," ]
was protected from confiscation and from the pay-
ment of any import or export duties to the Mexi-
can Government, even although the importation
of such merchandise "be prohibited by the Mex-
ican tariff." The treaty also provides, that should
the custom-houses be surrendered to the Mexican
authorities in less than sixty days from the date
of its signature, the rates of duty on merchandise
imposed by the United States were, in that event,
to survive the war until the end of this period;
and, in the mean time, Mexican custom-house
officers were bound to levy no other duties thereon
" than the duties established by the tariff found in
force at such custom-houses at the time of the res-
toration of the same." The " tariff found in force
at such custom-houscs," which is recognized and
sustained by this stipulation, was that established
by the military order of the 31st of March, 1847,
as a mode of levying and collecting military con-
tributions from the enemy.
The right to blockade the ports and coasts of
the enemy in war is no more provided for or pre-
scribed by the Constitution than the right to levy
and collect contributions from him in the form of
duties, or otherwise; and yet it has not been ques-
tioned that the President had the power, after war
had been declared by Congress, to order our navy
to blockade the ports and coasts of Mexico. The
right in both cases exists under the laws of na-
tions. If the President cannot order military con-
tributions to be collected without an act of Con-
gress, for the same reason he cannot order a
blockade; nor can he direct the enemy's vessels to
be captured on the high seas; nor can he order^our
military and naval officers to invade the enemy's
country, conquer, hold, and subject to our military
government his cities and provinces; nor can he
give to our military and naval commanders orders
to perform many other acts essential to success in
war.
If, when the city of Mexico was captured, the
commander of our forces had found in the Mexi-
can treasury public money which the enemy had
provided to support his army,- can it be doubted
that he possessed the right to seize and appropriate
it for the use of our own army?
If the money captured from the enemy could
have been thus lawfully seized and appropriated,
it would have been by virtue of the laws of war,
recognized by all civilized nations; and by the
same authority, the sources of revenue and of
supply of the enemy may be cut off from him,
whereby he may be weakened and crippled in his
means of continuing or waging the war. If the
commanders of our forces, while acting under the
orders of the President, in the heart of the enemy's
country, and surrounded by a hostile population,
possess none of these essential and indispensable
powers of war, but must halt the army at every
step of its progress, and wait for an act of Con-
gress to be passed to authorize them to do that
which every other nation has «the right to do by
virtue of the laws of nations, then, indeed, is the
Government of the United States in a condition of
imbecility and weakness, which must in all future
time render it impossible to prosecute a foreign
war in an enemy's country successfully, or to vin-
dicate the national rights and the national honor
by war.
The contributions levied were collected in the
enemy's country, and were ordered to be "ap-
plied"^ theenemy's country " towards defraying ;
the expenses of the war,"and the appropriations 1
made by Congress for that purpose were thus re- ,
lieved,and considerable balances remained undrawn
from the treasury. The amount of contributions '
remaining unexpended at the close of the war, as far 1
as the accounts of collecting and disbursing officers :
have been settled, have been paid into the treasury, ;
in pursuance of an order for that purpose, except
"the sum " applied towards the payment of the first
instalment due under the treaty with Mexico," as
stated in my last annual message, for which an
appropriation had been made by Congress. The
accounts of some of these officers, as stated in the
report of the Secretary of War accompanying that
message, will require legislation before they can
be finally settled.
In the late war with Mexico, it is confidently
believed that the levy of contributions, and the
seizure of the sources of public revenue, upon
i which the enemy relied to enable him to continue
j the war, essentially contributed to hasten peace,
i By those means the Government and people of
Mexico were made to feel the pressure of the war,
arid to realize that if it was protracted, its burdens
and inconveniences must be borne by themselves.
Notwithstanding the great success of our arms,
it may well be doubted whether an honorable peace
would yet have been obtained, but for the very
contributions which were exacted.
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, January 2, 1849.
During; the reading of the message—
Mr. STANTON interposed, and moved to sus-
pend|the further reading. •
[Cries of " No, no."]
The SPEAKER stated that the motion was not
in order, except by general consent.
Objection being made—
The reading was resumed and concluded.
  Mr. TOOMBS moved that the message be refer-
red to a select committee. It involved, he said, very
important questions, extraordinary assumptions-
assumptions, in his judgment, dangerous to this
form of government. It was a document that
ought to be answered; he had no objection to its
going to the country, but a report should go out
with it. He therefore moved to refer the message
to a select committee, and he did not propose to
print it until the report was made.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he heartily con-
curred in the motion of the gentleman from Georgia.
The message was a very able argument; but part
of it, he confessed, he could not subscribe to; and
he had taken the liberty, some time since, of inti-
mating that to the President, and to a member of
his cabinet. It was as interesting a question as
had ever arisen; there was no question mo -e de-
serving of a select committee. He heartily < on-
curred in the propriety of giving it to a select
committee.
[A voice: "And printing."]
Yes, (said Mr. I.,) and printing. He had not
made the motion, because he did not know what
gentleman had introduced the resolution to which
the message was a reply.
[A voice: "There is no motion to print the
message.'']
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, I make the motion,
then.
'Mr. VINTON said he regarded this as a very
important message, asserting principles that were
totally unwarranted in the Constitution or in the
previous history of the Governnment. He did
not think it should go out to the public without
some remark here that should go along with it.
As he understood the message, from hearing it
read at the Clerk's table, it proceeded upon two
assumptions: upon tile assumption that in a state
of war the military commander had a right to
levy military contributions, ^which,he presumed,
no one disputed;) and, m the next place, that the
conqueror of a portion of the enemy's country had
the right to prescribe such laws and regulations
there as he pleased.
Now, as to the first of these propositions—that
we had the right in an enemy's country to levy
military contributions—no one had ever disputed
it; but the question was, What is a military contri-
bution? If he understood it aright, a military
, contribution was a substitute, under the amehor-
1 ation which the laws of war had undergone in
modern times, for the right of plunder. Tne laws
of war originally gave to the nation at war the right ,
of plundering their eneoiy; these military contri-
butions were a substitute for that right, by which,
by making exactions in money upon the people of
the enemy, or exactions in some other form, the
enemy was enabled to purchase an exemption from
plunder. Upon those, then, and those only uport
whom, under the ancient usages of war, vou had
the right of plunder, had you the right to levy mil-
itary contributions according to the modern usages
of war—the right to levy military contributions
j beins; a substitute for the right of plunder.
! Whom, then, had a nation at war the right to
plunder? Its enemies; not its own people, or neu-
' trals. The right of plunder was restricted to the
enemy alone. But here, under the plea of exer-
[ cising the right of levying military contributions,
' or of plunder, the President claimed that we had
| the right to levy duties—upon whom? Upon our
enemy? No; upon American commerce; upon the
I commerce of neutrab. He asked, had the Presi-
1 dent of the United States any right to plunder or
' to levy contributions upon American citizens, or
i upon American property? It is too plain to admit
I of argument for a moment, that neither the Ex-
| ecutive nor any othei authority in this country
had the right to plunder, or to levy military con-
! tribiuions upon American citizens, or upon Ameri-
i can property.
; Mr. STANTON interposed, and asked if the
| gentleman from Ohio would permit him to ask a
i question?
! Mr. VINTON. Certainly.
! Mr.STANTON. I would like to know whether
| the Government of the United States, upon taking
possession .of the port of Vera Cruz or any other
Mexican port, had net the right, under the laws of
war, to collect duties as they weie levied by the
laws of Mexico at that port?
Mr. VINTON. That is the very thing I am
talking about. By and by I will speak about the
right of the Government—the sovereign, the con-
queror.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL (Mr. V. further yield-
ing at his request) remarked, that he did not mean
to say anything on this subject at present, more
' than to intimate that he did not subscribe at all to
i the argument of the honorable gentleman from
! Ohio. But he begged leave to call the attention of
the gentleman to that clause of the Constitution of
; the United States upon which his (Mr. L's) doubt
had always rested, and which had been passed
j upon in the former war by the Supreme Court of
i the United States—that was to say, to the eighth
section, first article, which empowered Congress
" to declare war, grant letters of marque and re-
I prisal, and make rules concerning captuies on land
i and water."
I Now, he (Mr. I.) had no doubt at all of the
I right to seize? but the question arose as to the right
1 to disburse afterwards.
Mr. VINTON (continuing) said he had nodoubt
at all about what Congress might do; ho was
j speaking of what the Executive had a sight to do.
lie said that the Executive, as the officer intrusted
! by the Constitution with the command of the army
of the United States, (for it was uoeii that basis
that the President had placed ail his argument,)
i had the right to levy military contributions upon
, the property of the enemy; and he repeated, that
being the assumption, the question t.rose, upon
j whom may these military contributions be levied ?
He thought gentlemen might in vain search the
: laws of nations to find any authority for a military
| commander to levy military contributions upon any
; but upon the enemy; from hurl and from iiiui alone
mishr he enforce them. That was the mode by
which he might distress the enemy. Butitwasno
pait of the lav/ of nations, or of the practice of
' nations, in cairymgon war, that you might distress
your own people, that you might seize the prop-
erty of your own people, and call that a military
contribution.
That was precisely what had been done in this
case—done, it was true under the forms of a law
enacted by the President of the United Stales. When
i American ships had gone into the port of Vera
Cruz with merchandise, or when the ships of
neutrals had gone there, they had been made to
, pay contributions—they had been nude to pay
that which you could exact oniy of tne enemy,
i The Executive had seized upon a part of tnaprop-
' erty of our own people, and upon property of
' neutrals, upon the ground that it was a military
