150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
contribution, and in so doing he had treated them
as enemies. It appeared to him, that if there ever
bad been a departure from the law of nations, if
there ever had been a usurpation plain as the noon-
day sun, that this was such a ease.
But if it were even granted that these contribu-
tions ijjere justified by the law of nations, the great
question still arose, Who may levy these contri-
butions? The President of the United States said
the conqueror might levy them; that he had full
power ^tnd authority in thp country that he had
occupied by hostile arms. That might be granted.
Grant that it was so; and yet the question which
then arose here under our Government was not
that which arose in monarchical Governments,
•where all the powers of the Government were
vested in* the same hands. The sovereignty in
this country was divided; and if the right to levy
contributions were conceded, or rather it" the right
So make these commercial regulations were con-
ceded, still the inquiry arose as to the nature of
the thing to be done. The Executive of the Uni-
ted States, as commander-in-chief of the army of
the United States, would have the undoubted right
in the enemy's country to do those things winch
pertained to the duties of commander-in-chief; but
when became to make a code of laws that should
regulate commercial intercourse not only between
our own citizens, but between neutrals and foreign
nations, that, as a?matter of course, was an act of
usurpation, and totally unauthorized under our
form of government, it was essentially a legisla-
tive power. A duty levied upon commerce was a
tax upon commerce; and the power of levying
taxes was vested by the Constitution in the Con-
gress of the United States, and not in the Execu-
tive department of the Government.
And, besides, it was perfectly apparent—no one
could mistake it—that if the President of the United
States, as the military commander of the country,
whenever the American army put its foot upon
foreign territory, could do anything and every-
thing he pleased, (he alone having the power to
negotiate a treaty of peace; the country having no
power to make a treaty of peace, except at his
will,) it followed, as a necessary consequence, that
he was a despot; that just as long as he could find
the means by plunder or by levying contributions
either upon the property of the enemy, or upon
the property of oar citizens, or of neutrals, he
might csrry on the war in despite of the will of
the people, in despite of the will of this House and
the other House of Congress, in despite of any lim-
itation upon the supplies that might be granted by
Congress for carrying on the war, which supplies
under the Constitution could only be granted for
two years; this nrc.vi.sion being-evidently intended
as a restriction upon the Executive of the country.
Of what avail was the lestiiction upon the Ex-
ecutive of the United .States, or this restriction
upon this House, in granting supplies to carry on
a war, if the President of the United States, when-
ever he got possession of an enemy's country or of
a portion of an enemy's country, could levy such
taxes, under the form of military contributions, as
he pleased, and disburse them as he pleased, with-
out the consent of Congress ? for it followed, as a
natural and necessary consequence, that if he could
not levy them without the consent of Congress, he
could not disburse them except by the authority of
Congress. But the President of the United States
had undertaken to do both; he had raised these
Moneys without the authority of the law of nations
or of the legislative department of the country; and
he had disbursed tliem,also, without the authority
of the Congress of the United States. If he had
the right to levy these duties without the consent
of the Congress of the United States, he (Mr. V.)
did not know why he might not disburse the mo-
neys without the consent of Congress. But there
was 110 power to levy duties in this country vested
anywheie under the Constitution except in the
Congress of the United States.
From the moment he (Mr. V.) had first seen
that order issued, he had been satisfied that it was
an unconstitutional order, and he had believed—
for the good of this country, and for the preserva-
tion of its liberties, to prevent these violent infrac-
tionsupon the Constitution, by the assumption on j
the part of the Executive of such dangerous pow- |
ers, (as they had been termed by the gentleman 1
from Georgia,) [Mr. Toombs,]—he would say he 1
IiSd hoped that the validity of these orders would j
ultimately be determined by that tribunal which I
the Constitution of the country had.provided to
decide upon the constitutionality of measures. He
had no doubt, that if any of those persons upon
whom these levies had been made—that if any
citizen of the United States whose commerce had
been subjected to taxes, or if any neutral who
had been subjected to pay these exactions—should
bring a suit against the President of the United
states, who-had ordered these moneys to be col-
lected, or against any of his officers who had been
the immediate agents in their collection, that it
would be maintainable for the recovery of all that
had thus been paid.
Mr. STANTON said he presumed that gentle-
men would not deny that the President of the
United States, as commander-in-chief of the army
and navy, upon taking- possession of any Mexican
port, would be bound, as the representative of the
Government, and the head of the army, to collect,
by his agents appointed by the commander of the
arrny, the revenues of such Mexican port. He
took any particular item of commerce upon which
revenue is collected—as a barrel of flour—-upon
which he supposed the Government of Mexico to
have levied a duty of five dollars. By the laws
of war, the commander-in-chief of our army might,
by blockade, if he thought proper, exclude every
barrel opfiour that might be shipped for that port,
or, in his discretion, he might permit flour to come
in; but if he did so, it would become his duty, as
the agent of his Government, to collect the revenue
upon it. But as it is the duty of the President to
seize upon the revenue of the conquered port, he
might, m the discharge of this duty, determine that
he would not exact a duty so heavy as that im-
posed by the Mexican laws. He might say he
would only assess two dollars and fifty cents on
every barrel of flour. This, ill effect, is what the
President did.
Mr. C. J. INGEPvSOLL. (interposing,"and Mr.
Staxton giving way) desned the gentleman from
Tennessee, as he proceeded with his argument, to
say what the President should do with the money
when he had got it.
Mr. STANTON. That is a question foreign
to my present inquiry. But I would like to know
whethtr the gentleman from Pennsylvania con-
cedes the correctness of my argument as far as 1
have gone
Mr. 1NGERS0LL said he conceded the argu-
ment thus far: by the laws of war, the President
of the United States was empowered to distress
the enemy by all manner of means. He was di-
rected, by the act of Congress declaring the exist-
ence of the war with Mexico, to prosecute the
war to an honorable conclusion. They knew very
well what was to be done—what the term "war"
implied: he was to distress the ensniy, by making
thei-.e captures, and killing th'e enemy too, if it was
ntcessary, by means of his military and naval
agents.
But when property was taken, could it be dis-
tributed without a law of Congress declaring what
should be done with it? What was the whole de-
sign of the law of prizes, of captures, in this and
in all countries? Why, here it was upon the face
of the Constitution, that there must be an act of
Congress declaring what should be done with n.
Otherwise, if at the commencement of the war the
commander should take prizes and property enough,
he might carry on the war ad libitum, eternally.
Mr. STANTON resumed. He did not admit
the latter part of the argument of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. He thought the gentleman
misapplied the word " capture" in speaking of the
subject in question. The seizure ot the revenues
of i\Iexico or of any Mexican port, by the army
of the United States, could not be called a ''capture
by "land or sea," in the sense in which that term
is used m the Constitution. At the same time he
entertained no doubt of the power of Congress to
make rules for the regulation of our conquests t>f
eveiy kind so as to derive every legitimate advantage
from them. But, if it be the right of the com-
mander-in-chief to seize the revenues of the ports
he has conquered forthe benefrtofhis Government, ;
no one can complain of the President in this mat-
ter, unless the complaint be, that he has not col-
lected so much as the Mexican laws allowed. If !
he had authority to exact the heavy duties imposed
by that Government, he could certainly exact a
part of them, and no man could object and say he
had proceeded contrary to the laws and usages of '
■war. The President -had been very strongly sup- j
! ported in this proceeding, at all events. He had
j received the support which arises from the acqui-
, escence and silence of both parties in this House
I from the beginning to the close of the war. [Cries
| of "No, no."] Itwas true,headmitted, thata reso-
' lution of inquiry upon the subject had been offered
1 early in the last session; but it was never pushed
to any definite action. At no time during the pro-
gress of these events had any gentreman from the
other side of the House thought proper to come
forward and propose, by act of Congress, to regu-
! late the exercise of this power in the hands of the
' President of the United States. '
j Mr. VINTON interposed, and said that the -
] gentleman from Tennessee having stated that this
| thing had been acquiesced m without objection,
i rendered ft proper for him to say, that very early
| in the last session, of Congress this subject had
1 been referred to a committee of this House, under
! a resolution offered by himself, (being one of the
, resolutions for the distribution of the President's
i message,) with express directions to inquire ant!
1 report into the authority of the President of the
i United States to levy thes^ taxes and disburse
! these moneys. And he would further say, that
; during the last session of Congress, the War De-
j partment had sent in an elaborate communication
' to the Committee of Ways and Means, asking for
1 the adoption of some law or regulation by which
, the officers who had received these moneys might
I be able to settle their accounts with the Govern-
ment. The Committee of Ways and Means re-
j fused to act on the subject; they refused to extend
■ any relief to the Executive, from the conviction of
the majority of the committee that it was an Exec-
utive usurpation, which ought not, and should not,
be countenanced.
Mr. STANTON, (resuming.) The gentleman
from Ohio, by Ills own admissions, had now placed
himself precisely in the position which he (Mr. S.)
had assigned to that party, namely: that seeing
the usurpations, as they are called, of the Presi-
dent, no member of the opposite party, though in
a majority here, ever brought forward any meas-
ure lor preventing them, and saving the Constitu-
i1 lion from violation. But the gentleman had ad-
|: mitted, also, that he was urged by a letter from the
|l War Department, to make these regulations; and
! still he acknowledged here, in the face of the rep-
i! resentatives of the people, that he refused to per-
il form the duty which belonged to him.
ij As to the legality of the act of the President in
j' collecting the revenues, he (Mr. S.) felt that his
! position here was utterly unassailable. No man
I1 upon the other side, he supposed, would deny
11 that it was the duty of the commander of our army
■! to seize uf>on the revenue of Mexico, and collect
'! it at his discretion, either under the laws of Mex-
ico, or at a reduced per centage,as was done. The
j only complaint upon this score was, that the Presi-
I dent did not take as much revenue as he was au-
thorized to take.
1 Mr. COLLAMER said, he denied distinctly
that the President had any right to levy duties in
the Mexiotn ports. This Government might have
l, had that power; the President had not.
| Mr. STANTON. Very well; he supposed the
1 Government, then, had a right to seize upon the
, revenues of the Mexican Government. But now,
: the commaiider-in-chief of our army and navy
takes possession of certain Mexican pons, and
commerce comes in; what should be done with
j. the revenue? Was it not the duty of the Uni-
. ted States offica' there to collect such revenue?
Ij or should he wait for Congress to pass a law
on the subject.? Would the gentleman from Ver-
'' mont deny that it was the duty of the officer to
commence this collection of revenue, without the
|J express authority of Congress?
| Mr. SCHENCK interrupted and said, taking
i the gentleman on his own ground, assuming
{ (which he did not admit) that the President had
, the power, he asktd the gentleman if itwas not the
; fact, that the President, instead of seizing the reve-
j nues of Mexico, as he [Mr. Stanton] claimed,
j had really abolished the revenue laws of Mexico,
and taken it upon himself to establish a taiiff sys-
tem of Ins own in their stead?
' Mr. STANTON (resuming) said, he knew
very well, that it was incumbent upon gentlemen
: on the other side of the House to deny to the
; President this power in order to maintain their
consistency. They must deny to the command-
ing officers stationed at the conquered ports the
