1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
recollect lhat 1 opposed it when it was up before,
and I shall oppose it now. The claim is not a
correct one. This man was not employed by the
Auditor. There was nothing like such employ-
ment. He was, in the first instance, employed by
a clerk, to take his place during his absence. When
that employment ceased he continued in the office
without any employment by the Auditor; he re-
mained there as a volunteer, so as to be ready to
step into any vacancy that might occur. 1 voted
against this claim in the first place, because 1 be-
lieved it was not exactly correct for a man to vol-
unteer his services and then ask to be paid, and
because this sort of proceeding is becoming too
comiron, ar}d ought to be discountenanced: I mean
that of men walling in expectation of a vacancy,
ready to step into the fiist that occurs, to the ex-
clusion of others who are better entitled to the
appointment. This is becoming so common that
no member of Congress, unless lie is far moiesuc-
cessful than I have been, can get an opportunity
to introduce a citizen of ins own State for any
appointment. You may hear this morning of a
vacancy which occuried yesterday evening, and
upon going to the department you find it lias been
already filled by a candidate who has been a hanger-
on at the office awaiting such vacancy.
Mr. ICING. In regard to the facts upon which
this claim is based here is the affidavit of the claim-
ant, and here is the letter of the Auditor himself.
If the Senator will not believe the one or the other,
then he is correct and I am wrong; but if those
documents are to be believed, then 1 am right and
the Senator is wrong. Here is also a report made
by Mr. Johnson, of Maryland, upon the subject.
*[Mr. If. read from the report, from the deposition
made by the claimant, and from the letter of the
Auditor.]
Mr. WILES. It does not appear, after all, that
this individual continued to be employed by au-
thority of°the Auditor. He was there-only as a
volunteer, in order that he might drop into the first
•vacancy, and having accomplished that object, he
now comes and asks compensation. The question
is, Shall we countenance this practice of foreclosing
and cutting offthe community from competition for
office ? And, besides, here was a violation of law.
It was an act of usurpation which no officer has
any authority to exercise. 1 want to know why
this man, thus volunteering his services, should be
compensated. The reason assigned is no reason
at all. I should like to kifow what is the treasury
proper, u if be not the bureaus of that department,
the expenditures of which are provided for by spe-
cific appropriations.
Mr. CAMERON. I remember this casevt^y
well, and 1 am satisfied that tlie claim is a just one.
It has been customary, 1 find, to employ men tem-
poral ily, with the view ot giving thein eventually
permanent employment. This man served the
Government for thirteen months, as appears by the
evidence of the officer who employed him. The
Government"having received his services, the ques-
tion now is, shall he be compensated ? And I am
surprised that the Senator from Connecticut, of all
other men, should object to giving him compensa-
tion for his labor. 'It is usual with us, and the
Senator from Connecticut offers no opposition in
such cases, to, give large compensation to our for-
eign ministers and others for small services; but
here is an application for compensation tor dally
labor, duly rendered, of which the Government
has availed itself; and I am not a little surprised
that there should be any objection to the allow-
ance of so fair a claim; and much more am 1 sur-
prised to find that objection coming from the Sen-
ator from Connecticut. _
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I 4iave, sir, a little scrip,
* not belonging to myself, however, to diaw some
dividend upon, and I went up this morning to the
department to ascertain whether I could get the
little pittance that was coming, and was referred
by the officers of the treasury to an establishment
over the way, the banking-house of Corcoran &
Iiio^s I went over and found some pretty laige
operations going on there, in the way of settling
claims and transacting other business tor the Gov-
ernment. Are we going to pay all these people
hereafter, when they come forward and say, we
have been working for the Government; we have
rendered important services; we have attended to
the settlement of claims, and have paid for you
millions of dollars, now we ask to be compensated
for our labor f Sir, I ask what will all this lead to ?
Are officers of the Government, who are charged
by law with particular functions, whose duty it is
to peifonn ceriam services for the public, and who
are paid for tho&e services, to assume to themselves
the right to employ whom they please, to engage
the services of whom they please, and thus to lay
the foundation for those employees coming to Con-
gress and asking compensation for services ren-
dered, without law and without authority? Sir,
there ought to be a stop.to this thing.
Another thing: we are in the habit here, after
discussing a claim day after day, and deciding
against it, of having a motion made to leconsider;
the motion lies over for weeks and months, and
then it comes up and is discusscd again until every-
body is tired, and nobody attends to the subject;
the question is then taken, and the bill is passed.
This ought not to be.
The gentleman from Connecticut is right in
saying that tins man was originally employed by
another clerk, who was either inefficient or out
ol the way, and, having been so employed by one
who was himself deficient in the performance of I
his duty, he was continued in the department, as
the papers accompanying the claim show, without [
any promise of leward, and when a vacancy oc-
curred, or provision was made for another clerk, j
he stepped into the enjoyment of an office. Now, '
if this thing is to be tolerated, if such a practice j
as this is to prevail, I do not see why we should j
not pay another man fgr performing hi^ appro- j
priate duties, nor why we should not pay Corcoran |
& Riggs for their services when employed to dis-
charge the duties property belonging to the officeis
of Government.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot see any analogy
between the petition of a poor clerk to Congress
for compensation for services rendered and the
claim of the principal officers of the Government,
thave made no paiticular inquiry into the subject,
but I understand that this case rests upon its indi-
vidual merits, that it is not connected cither with
precedents or anything else. As it is presented to
me, I understand it to be an application for remu-
neration for services faithfully lendeied to the Gov-
ernment by an individual, for the documents jire-
senied to us show that he faithfully performed the
duties assigned him, from the time the clerk re-
turned whose substitute he was until he was him-
self regularly npp^a^d a clerk in the office, for a
peiiod of tliirteerflBonths. Now, the question
aiises whether the services have been periormed?
1 say they have; and whether they were volun-
tary or regular, 1 care not, so long as the Govern-
ment was the beneficiary and leceived the service.
Would it be honest in us in such a case to refuse
to pay him? Would it not be a dishonest and
selfish transaction to withhold from him remunera-
tion for his actual services? *1 think this Govern-^
ment is not so stricken in misfortune as to be
driven to the necessity of extorting from a private
individual his labor, his daily toil, and not give
him a just and fair remuneration for it.'" I would
be sorry to sit in any hall' of legislation in this
country, and say, lhat because a citizen was not
regulaily inducted into office, although he had
rendered services of which the Government was
the beneficiary, he could not be remunerated, be-
cause he had not passed through all the formalities
of appointment. This individual has rendered ;
thirteen months'service; and shall the Senate of i
the United States hesitate to accord to him a just
remuneiation? 1 cannot realize that a serious ob-
jection can exist, or can be made to it.
I do not wish to discuss private claims; I do not
wish to enter into the duties of committees; but
when they have investigated a case, year after
year, and when they have manifested that the ,
service has been performed, and faithfully per-
formed, no matter whether he was appointed or
not, 1 am willing lo be governed by their finding, ;
and to accord, by my vote, a just remuneration.
We have abundant proof that the applicant m this 1
case faithfully performed the duties that were as- :
signed him; and shall we hesitate to do him justice? ;
lf°he remained there until he was regularly op- ;
pointed, in the expectation that an additional clerk ,
would be required, it docs not alter the case. Will !
you subtract from him tbevalue of thirteen months'
labor? The Government has not been defrauded;
on the contrary, we have received benefit from his
labor; and will you refuse the pitiful sum of one ■
thousand dollars, because he was not regularly ,
I appointed? Can you be just without according I
him remuneration? Can you withhold remunera-.
tion without positive injustice?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. I remember
this case, and 1 remember that when it was before
the Senate formerly I was clearly of opinion that
it was a just claim, and that it ought to be paid.
I think so now. It appears that this clerk per-
formed the duties of the ofiice; tmd although he,
at first, performed them only as a substitute in
the absence of the other clcrk, yet he continued
there and performed the duties of the office for thir-
teen months afterwards; and not only performed
them faithfully, but it appears he-saved the Gov-
ernment about forty thousand dollars by reexamin-
ing accounts which had been allowed. I well
remember the case. It appeared to me, when pre-
sented, to be a very just one—a case which appealed
strongly to the sense of justice of the Senate. And,
if I am not mistaken, it appeared fi^im the papers
which were submitted, that Judge Woodbury, who
was then Secretary of the Treasury, though ho
did not personally employ him, recommended him
for the employment, and that the business of the
office required the aid of an additional clerk, l am
not positive about this, butsuch is my impression.
He was recommended, if I am not mistaken, by
the then Secretary of the Treasury to remain in
the department, upon an assurance that his ser-
vices would be remunerated; and that it was not
his voluntary and unauthorized act, as has been
represented, and that the Government would make
an appropriation for the purpose of compensating
him for his labor. I hope that the bill will be
reconsidered; and that, if the Senator from Con-
necticut still entertains doubts, he will give the
subject an examination; for I am persuaded, if he
does so, he will be satisfied that the bill ought to
pass.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to say a very few-
words in regard to this matter. The claim was
before the committee when I was a member of the
Committee of Claims. This gentleman certainly
performed services, but they were services that
ought to have been performed by other cleiks. If
the other cleiks had performed their duties ac-
cording to the terms of their appointments, there
would have been no necessity for this man going
there at all. He was never employed by any
competent authority, and he received no positive
assurance that he should be paid for what he was
doing. He has obtained a very snug little office
by means of his diligence, however; but, as for
direct compensation for the thirteen months' ser-
vice which he voluntarily performed, he had no
reason to ex peel any such thing.
The question being taken u|>on the reconsider-
ation of the bill, it was, upon a division, decided
in the affirmative^ayes 58, noes 15.
The question then being upon the engrossment
of the bill—
Mr. WESTCOTT said he preferred that the
bill should be laid over, in order that the objections
entertained by the Senator from Connecticut might
be removed, which lie believed would be the ease
upon a further examination of the testimony. .He
had no objection^however, if it were the desire of
the Senato, that the vote should at once be. taken.
Mr. NILES asked for the yeas and nays on
the engrossment of the bill, and they were or-
dered.
The question was then put, and decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Benton, Berucn, Cameron,
Clarke, Dodge of Wi-iorigin. Dod«e ot Iowa, Fitziroiatd,
Foote, Hannejrnn. Houston, Johnson of Jonr^,
Kins, Mason, Miller, Pcmce, Phelps, Rusk, Upham,Walker,
and Weeteoll—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Atchison, Athertnn, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradburv, Breeze, Brialit, Butter, Clayton, Corvvin,
Davi- of Mi^siVippi, Dickinson, Dix, Downs, fetch, Hun-
ter, Metcalfe, Niles, Spruanee, Turney, Underwood, and
i Yulee—23.
I So the bill was rejected.
i ANOTHER CASE OF DESTRUCTION OF PROP-
! ERTY BY MILITARY ORDERS.
' On motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate, as in
1 Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
; siderution of the Senate bill for the relief of Bryan
! Callaghan; which was read.
; Mr. RUSK moved to amend the bill by striking
! out the words " so as to prevent the said meichan-
i dise from foiling into the hands of the enemy."
1 Mr. TURNEY desired to hear the honorable
| Senator's reasons for the motion which he had
1 made. He wished to know whether it was de-
