156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
signed to make the terms of the • bill general, so
that other property might be comprehended to j
swell the amount.
Mr. RUSK. The amendment is offered for no
such purpose. The facts of the case are these:
Colonel Harney, upon his expedition from San
Antonio to the Rio Grande, found himself desti-
tute of the means necessary for the prosecution of
his enterprise. In this emergency the individual
who is the applicant in*"this case furnished him
with supplies to the value of twenty thousand dol-
lars; or rather, he furnished to the quartermaster,
for the use of the colonel's command, that amount
of supplies. When Colonel Harney withdrew
from his position there, he ordered the goods that
remained in the charge of the quartermaster to be
destroyed, to prevent them from falling into the
enemy's hands.. There is no necessity for having
those words in the bill, because the goods were
furnished for the use of the United States, and it
makes no sort of difference what disposition was
made of them.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 have some knowledge with
regard to the time and circumstances under which
these goods were destroyed, having been at San
Antonio a few days before Colonel Harney re-
turned from thj Rio Grande. The expedition was
an. unauthorized one. It was one for which Col-
onel Harney was ordered back to San Antonio
and placed under arrest. The whole act of going
to the Rio Grande and crossing it was disavowed
by the commanding general. As I.understood at
the time, and believe, the goods were not destroyed
at the time of the return of Colonel Harney, but
some time afterwards. Two or three of the Texan
companies remained after his withdrawal with his
immediate command. Such were the facts, sub-
stantially, as stated to me by several persons who
were theie; in fact, by Callaghan himself. What
was the amount of the goods destroyed I have no
means of knowing, further than as stated in the
bill. But I rose simply to inquire whether the
goods were destroyed under the positive order of
Colonel Haroey, with a knowledge of all the cir-
cumstances ?
Mr. RUSK. They were destroyed by the cap-
tain having charge of the troops that remained. I
ask for the reading of the paper marked No. 2,
the statement" of the quartermaster, and also the
statement of the account of the quantity of goods
delivered to the quartermaster.
[The papers were read by the Secretary.]
Mr. BORLAND. These certificates are all very
good, as far as they go; but, after all, they amount
to nothing more than an expression of opinion on
the part of Colonel Harney and Colonel Rogers
that these goods were destroyed. They were not
present at the destruction of the goods, and cannot
speak of their own knowledge. They were upon
the road on their return at the time; and there is
no direct evidence as to the order for their destruc-
tion, and no evidence that any necessity existed
for such destruction. Itseems to me that the whole
matter is presented by this paper, whatever it may
be called. This Callaghan was p trader, having
extensive business transaction^beyond the Rio
Grande, in the mining country, especially in the
mines of Santa Rosa, and he was doubtless anxious
to go m that direction to carry on his trading oper-
ations, and thought it would be an excellent oppor-
tunity for carrying out goods. Thij is the im-
pression that I received, not only from persons at
San*Antonio, but from Callaghan himself, and that
impression has not been removed by anything
"which these papers contain. There is no direct
evidence, but merely an expression of opinion.
Where is the evidence to show that the destruction
of the goods was necessary for the public service?
Colonel Harney left the goods there, for what pur-
pose never has been known. And, as I remarked
at the beginning, the expedition itself was consid-
ered to be unwarrantable; and he was suspended
from his command. Now, it seems to me that,
even if the evidence were furnished that these
goods had been destroyed by the officer then in
command, under circumstances which he might
suppose properly justified their destruction, there
is no obligation on the part of the Government to.
endorse and pay for every unauthorized act of an
officer who might without orders "take upon him-
self to destroy property.. Wot only was the expe-
dition unauthorized and unwarranted, believed to
be wrong, and the officer commanding it punished,
but evidence was never furnished by the officer
setting forth any necessity for the destruction of
the goods.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Secretary be good enough
to read again the certificate that is upon the back
of the account? 1
It was again read.
There is a positive statement that by command
of Captain Eddy the merchandise was destroyed
on the banks of the Rio Grande. But it i3 alto-
gether immaterial, as far as this case is concerned,
what became of it, so long, as it was furnished
for the use of the troops. Colonel Harney makes
arrangements with this individual to furnish the
means of support to the troops. 13 Mr. Callaghan
liable for any of the charges brought by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas against Colonel Harney? Cer-
tainly not. Colonel Harney alone is responsible.
Callaghan finds an officer there who is destitute of
the necessary supplies, and agrees to furnish them:
that is all.
Now, the idea advanced by the Senator from
Arkansas m relation to making a trading expedi-
tion to the mines is entirely out of the record.
Nothing of the kind appears upon the papers. On
the contraiy, I know that Mr. Bryan Callaghan
rendered important services to the ainiy. I know
him to be as patriotic a man as there is to be found
anywhere. He furnished the goods in question
at the request of Colonel Harney, and they were
taken in charge by the quartermaster; a large por-
tion of them were disposed of for the use of the
troops; the balance of them, while under the charge
of an officer, and not in the possession of Callaghan
at all, were destroyed by order of an officer of the
army. It makes no difference for what purpose they
were destroyed, it was from no faultof Callaghan's;
he had furnished his goods to the troops, and they
had received value for a large portion of them; and
the officer having charge of the residue destroyed
them. Whatever sins Colonel Harney may have
committed, they are not chargeable at all to Mr.
Bryan Callaghan; nor is there any question whether
there was or not a necessity ior destroying the
goods, so far as he is concerned. But the gentle-
man states that there is not sufficient testimony to
show that they were destroyed. Were he sitting
on a jury examining the evidence in this case,
would this sort .of testimony satisfy lum that they
had not been destroyed ? An officer of the Govern-
ment has certified upon hi^Mkor that they were
destroyed, and he also certiffl^to the correctness
of the account.
Mr. PHELPS. It is possible that I am so un-
fortunate as not clearly to comprehend this case.
I understand that a portion of these goods were
sold and transferred to an officer of the Govern-
ment for the supply of the troops; the residue, if I
understand correctly, was destroyed. I desire to
inquire whether that portion of the goods actually
sold, and which went into the hands of the officer,
is to be compensated for by this bill ?
Mr. RUSK. This bill pioposes compensation
for those that were (destroyed, and a portion of
those that were sold.
Mr. PHELPS. Under these circumstances it
seems to me that the amendment proposed is a
very proper one. If the exigencies of the service
required that these goods should be destroyed,
there can be no doubt that we ought to compen-
sate the owner for the loss of his property. The'
whole matter turns, in my judgment, upon another
question, aqd that is, whether these goods are to
be considered as having been originally transferred
to the Government?
Mr. RUSK. The certificates show that such !
was the case. 1
Mr. PHELPS. If that be so, the destruction !
of the property does not alter the case. If they '
were sold to the Government, the Government j
was certainly at liberty to dispose of their own j
goods in their own way; but if the goods continued !
to be the property of Mr. Callaghan, and they j
were destroyed to prevent them from falling into 1
the hands of the enemy, it raises the question !
which has been so much discussed here, if it can
be clearly made out that the goods bad been trans- j
ferred, and were the property of the Government, :
then we have nothing to do with the fact of their !
destruction; but if we are to take the converse of '
this proposition as the true state of the case, and
consider them the property of the Government
only so far as they were disposed of, then the
question which we have discussed so often arises.
1 have only to say that 1 believe heretofore the
practice of the Senate has been to treat property
destroyed to prevent it from falling into the hands
of the enemy as property lost by the casualties of
war.
Mr. RUSK. The testimony shows that the
goods were placed under the care of the quarter-
master at San Antonio; that they were carried
with the army for the benefit of the troops, at the
instance of Colonel Harney, who was destitute
without them of the means of carrying on his
operations, and that they were placed in the quar-
termaster's department.
Mr. BORLAND. I wish, in the first place, to
disavow, any intention of making a charge against
Colonel Harney, orany one else. When I prefer
charges, I shall certainly adopt a very different
form from this. I merely stated a fact which was
within my own knowledge, and which the official
reports of the officers employed in the service in
■that part of the country exhibited. I maintain
that they show the circumstances under which
•this expedition went to the Rio Grande, and the
circumstances under which the goods were carried
there. I merely state the facts for what they are
worth. The certificates, as far as they go, show
that Mr. Callaghan was to furnish certain articles
of supplies for the army, and for that he was to
receive drafts from the Government. To this ex-
tentthe transaction appears to be a proper one; but,
j admit it to be a proper expedition, the Government
j would be bound by the contract and the evidence
i would be found in the proper department.
i But this bill is to compensate Callaghan for goods
] beyond the amount furnished for the use of the
! army—for goods carried out £for the purpose of.
j private speculation. That sort of speculation is
i entered into oftentimes by some of the most re-
■ spectable men in the country without any lmputa-
1 tion upon their character; but it is a well known
fact that the claim here is not only for goods fur-
nished to the army, but for goods carried out for
private speculation. Now, shall the Government
be made responsible to Mr. Callaghan for the suc-
cess or failure of his private speculations in Mex-
ico? I, for one, say not. And I say the evidence
is not sufficient to show that these goods were de-
stroyed by proper military authority. Theevidence'
of the officer who ordered the destruction of the
goods is not here, and my opinion is, that Colonel
Harney was not 011 the banks of the Rio Grande
at the time, but upon $Jie road on his return to
San Antonio. None of the regular troops remained
on the Rio Grande.
Again: the necessity for,the destruction of these
iods, I think, is not shown; and from this fact,
if from no other, that when Colonel Harney re-
ceived the order to return from the Rio Grande, he
returned with all the regular troops under his
command, and that there was sufficient time to
have brought all the supplies of the regular army
along with him, it is to my mind abundantly evi-
dent that my position is correct. He left these
Texan companies there, and, believing there was
110 danger of an attack, Callaghan remained there
with his goods, and when the enemy came down
and fired upon them the goods were then destroyed.
The destruction of the goods I consider a matter of
certainty; but the question is, whether they were
destroyed under such circumstancesasto imposean
obligation upon the Government to make compen-
sation for them. If they were goods which the
Government had purchased, there would be no
doubt about the liability of the Government; but
this fact is not established.
As I said at the beginning, the expedition was not
a lawful one, but in regard to these surplus goods,
amountingto about twelve hundred dollars' worth,
whether the expedition were lawful or not, there
can be no obligation 011 the part of the Government
to pay for them, and most certainly when we have
no evidence of any necessity for their destruction.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, the other day
a bill was presented for our consideration contain-
ing the very principle involved in this case. I
then asserted a rule which I thought ought to gov-
ern the Senate in instances of this kind. I then
stated that if it was clearly proved that the prop-
erty must certainly have fallen into the hands of
the enemy if it had not been destroyed, and that
it was destroyed to prevent it so falling into their
hands, it ought to be paid for; it being the taking
of private property for public use. And, under
the principles of the Constitution, private property
could not be so taken without making compensation.
