1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
Upon that occasion the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] who, I re-
gret, is not now is his seat, was very careful in
pronouncing his own views in regard to the rule—
so careful that he announced them from a written
paper. That distinguished Senator took direct
issue with me upon that principle. I confess that
I felt so overwhelmed by the opinion of that great
Senator that I neither felt tbe disposition to reply
to him, nor could I at the time take issue again
•with him. Iam gratified, however, to be able to
say that my memory of international law bearing
upon this subject, though not having been adverted
to for some nine years, was correct, and that I have
now the authority to satisfy that Senator that my
position was correct. Great and distinguished as
he is, and humble as I am—and disposed as L
always have been to bow with great deference to
his knowledge of law—my position was correct,
and his was wrong.
Under the head of whether the State is bound to
indemnify the subjects for damages sustained in |
war, I find the following: i
" The damages under consideration are to be distinguished j
into two kinds—those done by the State itself or the sov- i
ereign, and tho^e done by the enemy. Ot the first kind, some :
are done deliberately and by way of precaution, na when a \
field, a house, or garden, belonging to a private person, w }
taken for the pui po-e of erecting on the spot a town, rampart, !
or any other piece of fortification; or when his standing corn [
or his storehouses are de^troyud, to pievent their being of ;
use to the enemy. Such damages are to be made good to i
the individual, who should bear only his quota of the loss." 1
That is the plain authority. I asserted the rule !
the other day from memory. I rise now to assert j
the principle again, and quote the authority (Vat- 1
tel's Law of Nations) fr<rm which the assertion
was then made. I regret very much that a motion
has been made—which has succeeded in this case
—by the Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] to strike
out from this bill the declaration that this property
was destroyed to prevent its falling into the hands
of the enemy. I can take the motion in no other
sense than that it is intended impliedly to assert
that the property was not so destroyed.
Mi-. RUSK. By no means._ The claim does
not depend upon it. Several Senators, as it is
known to the Senator from Wisconsin, object to
that principle in the bill. The liability of the Gov-
ernment occurred by Mr. Callaglian placing the
goods under the control of the quartermaster at
San Antonio.
Mr. WALKER. The bill then rests on the
contract.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir. This principle was in-
serted in the bill without necessity, and therefore,
to avoid the discussion of a principle which was
not at all necessary to the object of the bill, I
moved to strike out those words.
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, the ques-
tion of the liability of the Government for this loss
depends so materially upon the circumstances un-
der which the goods came into the possession, or
were placed under the control of Colonel Harney,
or the quartermaster's department, that it appears
to me that the Senate cannot be prepared to act
upon it, simply on the report made by the Com-
mittee of Claims. I do not think that the facts
under which the goods came into the possession,
or under the control of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, or under which the goods were ultimately !
destroyed, are, either of them, stated with suffi- j
cient explicitness in the report to enable us to act
intelligently on the bill. 1 therefore move that it I
be recommitted to the Committee of Claims. !
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, I must con- ■
fess that I have been very much dissatisfied with I
the course that has been taken upon private bills !
during this session of Congress. I have always
supposed that the debate upon private bills was to I
be confined to the discussion of general principles, I
and I believe this has been the case at previous |
sessions. We have standing committees upon
claims as well as upon other things, who investi- ;
gate the facts connected with the matters brought
under their notice, take the testimony relating to ,
the subject in hand, state the results, and decide i
upon the merits of the claim. Their decision upon j
the facts, if it is worth any thing, ought to be regard- ]
ed as final. If they err in principle, it is proper [
that their error should be corrected. If a member j
of the committee dissents from the decision of a ;
quorum of the committee, it is proper and right 1
that he should state to the Senate the grounds of this ;
dissent. But if in every paltry case, from fifty doliais |
in amount up to thousands of dollars, we are to
discuss the claims item by item, as if they were m
some petty court before a justice of the peace, the
time of the country will be consumed in the dis-
cussions, and it will cost more than all the claims
amount to.
The general principles of this case have been
decided, and all are satisfied with respect to them.
With respect to the facts, they have been twice re-
ported upon by the standing Committee of Claims.
They have been made the subject of examination,
and reported upon at a former session of the Sen-
ate. The Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] a mem-
ber of the Committee of Claims, has made a report
upon this case, which the honorable Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Baldwin] does not think suffi-
ciently clear and precise to warrant the Senate in
basing its action upon it. The report states the
results of the investigations which were made at
the last session of the Senate. This case was
reported upon two years ago, but the report was
referred back to the Committee of Claims at the
last session; but the committee were satisfied with
the previous report, and they adopted it and made
no additional report. Thus two committees have
investigated this claim and have made the same
report, and this is strong evidence that their decis-
ions have been correct.
The only medium through which the Senate can
receive testimony on private claims is their com-
mittees, and if their decisions upon mattes of fact
are not to be regarded, the committees are useless.
When we go beyond their reports the committees
become a nullity. With respect to general prin-
ciples, it is proper that we should exercise much
care and discrimination. If thcie is anything bear-
ing upon the case which is unknown to the com-
mittee, it is proper to submit to it, and in that light
thg, motion of the honorable Senator from Connec-
ticut to recommit this bill to the Committee of
Claims would be proper. But this bill has been
twice reported upon, and both committees reported
in its favor. 1 apprehend that all the facte con-
nected with it have been investigated, and, there-
fore, 1 shall not vote in favor of its recommitment.
Mr. BALDWIN. I ask for the reading of the
report.
[The report was read.]
Mr. BALDWIN. Mr. President, from the read-
ing of the report I think it must be very apparent
to Senators, that alt the facts which it is necessary
that the Senate should know, in order to act intel- j
ligently on this bill, have not been stated by the
committee.
If these goods becanlfe the property of the United
States at San Antonio, as the honorable Senator
from Texas now supposes, then it would make no
difference whether the goods were destroyed from
the apprehension of their falling into the hands of
the enemy or from any other cause whatever. In
either case, the United States would be bound to
pay the owner of the goods, who had sold them
to the Government, the price which was stipulated
to be paid for them at San Antonio, or the value
of the goods, if no particular price was stipulated,
at the time they were received from the seller at
San Antonio. But if Mr. Callaglian simply ac-
companied the detachments with his own goods,
to make sale of them under the protection of the
army, and to make a deposite of the proceeds of j
the sale with the quartermaster's department, with j
permission to draw on the Government for the
avails, and if, while the goods still remained the
property of Mr. Callaghan, they were destroyed
from an apprehension that they might fall into the
possession of the enemy, then, certainly, very
different considerations present themselves in re-
gard to the responsibility of the Government.
In the first place, is the Government responsible
at all for the destruction of these goods? In the
second place, If at all responsible for goods de-
stroyed under these circumstances, for what amount
, is the Government responsible? It is because the
I report is not explicit in regard to these points, that
; I ask that the matter may be recommitted to the
I Committee of Claims, to report the facts with more
; particularity.
i Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I see no necessity
| for a recommittal of this report. All the facts of
I the case are stated, not only in the report, but in
the certificates and the evidence accompanying it
| The report is as full and explicit as reports usually
i are. The only difficulties are the inferences which
gentlemen choose to draw from a statement of the
facts, and that the Senate can do as well as a com*
mittee.
Mr. President, we are getting into very nice dis-
tinctions, very metaphysical distinctions, as to the
precise time at which the ownership of these goods
passed from the individual to the United States.
The evidence shows that these goods were placed
at San Antonio, under the control of Colonel Har-
ney and the quartermaster's department, to sup-
port the troops. This transfer was made one
hundred and fifty miles from the Rio Grande, where
the goods where destroyed.
Now, sir, whether the expedition was autho-
rized or unauthorized does not amount to anything
as far as regards the justice ef Callaghan's claims.
Suppose that this individual had placed a certain
amount of money in the hands of a quartermaster,
to enable him to purchase supplies for the troops,
and it had been expended or lost: would not his
claim have been perfectly manifest? But, sir, the
money would not have answered as Well as the
goods in this case. I am well acquainted with
Mr. Callaghan. He has been engaged m mercan-
tile transactions at San Antonio for a long time.
He is well acquainted with the customs and wants
of the Mexicans, and speaks the Spanish" language
with fluency; and he could purchase the necessa-
ries required by the troops much more readily, and
at -much gieater advantage in exchange for his
goods, than they could have been obtained by the
quartermaster for the money.
Suppose, again, that he had placed a quantity
of corn in the possession of the Uniteed States
officers for the purpose -of supplying the troops:
the officers would then have had the control of it,
to all intents and purposes. Suppose they had
thought that it might fall into the hands of the
enemy, and, to prevent this, had ordered the corn
to be destroyed: then, according to the doctrines
of the honorable Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Borland,] we ought to go into a long investiga-
tion to ascertain whether the officer who ordered
the-destruction was acting under a proper com-
mand from his superior, or whether there was
actually any danger of the goods falling into the
hands of the enemy. Sir, it seems to me that
these facts are plain. In 1846, Callaghan furnished
these goods, m good faith, to Colonel Harney—
and consequently to the Government—for the pui-
pose of supplying his troops. The question before
the Senate is, whether they will pay for the sup-
plies so furnished?
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Baldwin to recommit; and it was lost.
I Mr. PHELPS desired to hear the bill read, with
the amendment.
The bill arid the amendment offered by Mr.
Rusk were read accordingly.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. President, it seems to me
that the bill, as proposed to be amended by the
honorable Senator from Texas, will be incongru-
ous. It provides, in the first place, for payment
for the property of the claimant which was de-
stroyed by order of an officer of the United States,
and goes on to add, " which was used by the Uni-
ted States." It seems to me very incongruous.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest to the friends of this bill the propriety of
modifying it so as to relieve it from the incongru-
ity mentioned by the Senator from Vermont, and
to which it is of course liable as it now stands.
The bill provides for the payment of goods which
were destroyed by the order of an officer of the
United States, and which were used by the United
States. If the gentleman having charge of the bill
will look over it, he will see the necessity of striking
out that portion of it.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, this bill was
l reported by the Committee of Claims, after a care-
| fubconsideration of the facts, and I believe that it
: was diawn with sufficient precision and care to
' express the views of the committee, and I appre-
' hend that the honorable Senator [Mr. Rusk] who
has the bill in charge will not, on reflection, insist
on the motion to amend, but take the bill as it is.
It is very obvious, that if we commence amending
the bill, the safer and better plan would be to re-
commit it to the Committee of Claims. But I hope
the bill will be left to stand as it is.
Mr. RUSK. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, 1 am very-
sorry that the friends of the bill are determined to
; press it to a vote as it now stands. As I under-
I stand this matter, these goods were taken posses-
