THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J. ■: *
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES
30th Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY
New Series No. 11.
at tlie lime it expired shall continue in office under and by
virtue of this a<^t, until others sliall be*duly chosen in their
places.
Which was agreed to.
"Mr. ED WARD'S moved that the bill he put on
its passage. It was merely the extension of an
act which had expired on Monday last, and it was
necessary that it should be passed*
The bill was read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, proposed to move
to amend the bill by adding another section.
Mr. EDWARDS said there was an amendment
pending, which might answer the purpose the
gentleman had in view. He asked that it he read.
The amendment was read accordingly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the amendment, by inserting at the end thereof a
proviso making the stockholders liable, in their
individual capacity, for all the debts of the corpo-
ration.
The SPEAKER said, the first question would
be oh the motion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Edwards.]
* And the question was taken thereon, and de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the,amendment was adopted.
The question then recurring on the amendment
proposed by the gentlemen from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones]—
Mr. PETTIT asj£ed the yeas and nays thereon,
which were ordered.
Mr. NICOLL rose to inquire of the Speaker
whether the amendment was amendable?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. NICOLL then offered the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
ProvideJ, That Mich individual liability shall only extend
to embrace an amount equal to double the amount of stock
owned by eacli stockholder.
Mr. JONES remarked that he was opposed to
this Government passing any law placing it in the
power of any incorporated company to swindle
honest men out of their rights.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, demanded
the previous question.
In reply to an inquiry, the SPEAKER said that
that motion would not cutoff the motion of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Nicoll.]
Tellers were called for and ordered on the de-
mand for the previous question; and Messrs.'
Stuart of Michigan and Wilson were appointed,
'i And the vote having been taken, stood—ayes
58, noes 42'.
But no quorum voted.
Several other members presented themselves,
and were counted either in the affirmative or nega-
tive; and the vote was finally decided to be—ayes
69, noes 47: a quorum voting.
sSo there was a second to the demand for the pre-
vious question.
■ And the main question was ordered to be now
taken*, (which main question was first on the
amendment proposed by Mr. Nicoll to the
amendment of Mr. .Tones.)
The reading of the amendment was again called
for.
Mr. JONES said thathe had reduced his amend-
ment to writing.
And it was read, as follows:
J3nd be it further enarted} That each stockholder in said
corporation shall be liable,in his individual capacity, for the
debts and liabilities of said corporation, and an execution
issued on a judgment against ihe eompanj may be levied
upon and satisfied out of the property of any one or more of
the stockholders.
Mr. ROBINSON demanded the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment; which were
not ordered.
Mr..MORSE rose (he said) to a point of order.
He desired to be informed whether the amendment
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Nicoll]
was not out of order, by being in contradiction, in
direct opposition, to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
The SPEAKER. The Manual expressly states,
that the Speaker has no right to decide questions
of consistency. It was for the House to decide
what is consistent and what is not. The question
11
before the House is on the adoption of the amend- ;i Mr. JONES continued. Perfectly in order, he
ment to the amendment. |,said. In chartering a company, Congress should-
And the question was taken, and decided in the !; make some provision in respect to the transporta-
ne<;ative. jj tion of the mail in case the service should be re-
So the amendment to the amendment was re-j; quired to be done by their boat. The company
jected. . ! was to ply between this city, Georgetown, and
The question then recurred on the adoption ofAlexandria. They might drive all otlierbon's'out
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee, j1 of competition, and they might then prescribe their
|i own terms ii} carrying the mail. Probably the
!, boat from hence which connected with the Rich-
[Mr. Jones;] upon which question (as heretofore
stated) the yeas and nays had been ordered.
And the fjuestion, "Shall the amendment be j; mond railroad might carry the mail, bnt circum-
adoptedr" was taken, and decided in the negative:
Yeas 89, nays 91—as follows:
YEAS—Me?<-rs Bayly, Bedingpr, Belcher, Bingham,
Birdsai', liocoek, Rowiin, Bridges, Brorihead, YV. G. Frown,
Chn«. Brown, A. G. Brown, Franklin Clark, B. L. Clarke,
W. R. \V. Cohh, Cocke, Collins. Cummins, Daniel, Darling,
Faran, French, Fries, Green, Willard P. Hall, flarman^nn,
Harris, HenJev, Hi!!, G. S. Houston, Inc^Chas. J. Ingersrll,
Itvtn, TVprson, Jameson, Jenkins. Andiew Johnson, James
: stances might arise requiring the mail to be carried
I, by these boats in the absence cf others which
11 might be driven out by them. And as it was not
in order to move to amend the "ill, he intended
;1 to move to recommit it tj> some commiltee—per-
'! hans the Committee on the District of Columbia-*-?
|f in order that the Committee might investigate tho
jj subject, and see what were the powers which Con-
JJ^John«on, Itobprt W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Kauf- !, was granting to fh's comrsany by reviving-
man, Kennon, Lahm. La S£rc, Sidnev Lmvieneo, Letfier. lVj '
Ligon, Lord, Luinnkm. McDowell, McKav, Mvlxtiic, Job i ailC e.-.cndin.^ Itfc. C,hai\^>.
Mann. Miller.Motiu, Mo^e.Nf-weii, penorr, Peck. Fetut, •• The powers and privileges conferred Upon this
Peyton, Phelps, PiUburv, R'chaidsnn, Riehev, Robinson, ,i company v/ere not specified, hut were, he pre-
Kockhill, Sawvrr. Shop-on, Stmrt, Robert Smith, Stanton, ,i Pamed, contained in the bill which this bill revived,
Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Thomas. James i! i
Thomp?on, Jacob Thompson, Robert A. Thompson,'William !, °tr ra^er exteiwuh and *mat mi<.ht have been
Thompson,Thu^Jon,Tompi<in«.Turner,'Variable,Vv~3llaee, !i thought v^ry appropriate m an pet or mcorp/ora-
Wentuorth. Wick. Wiley and William1-—89. Itton of this description t wentv years ago, migh'
Lawrence. Lincoln, Melivame, Marsh, Marvin, forehead, j; within the District of Columbia. Alexandria was
Mnlhn, Mii'phv, Ncl--oti, Nps, Nicoll, Outlaw, Palfrey, Pen
dleton, Pftrie, Pollock, Piestori, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Roekwc'l, Rose, Root, Riwisey, St. John, Sehenck, Sbep-
peid, Shenill, Silvester, Caleb B. Smith, Tiuman Smith,
Ptrohm, TavJor,Richard W Thompson, John B. Thompson,
Toombs, Tn^k, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, White, and
Woodward—91.
not now under the exclusive jurisdiction of the
Congress of the United States; and there might
be something ill the terms of ihc net now proposed
to be extended whi^h mi^ht He inconsistent v/ith
the pov.-etvi and duties possessed by Congress in
rooking b.ws.
On another point, ton, that of carrying the mail,
he thought it was all-important that some pro-
vision should be made by which this companv
should be required either to carry the mail without
, , , . , . . , charge, or to carry it upon such terms as should
And the question now beins; upon its passage— ,< b„ p?„s„,.,bed hy Coneress, and tendered to them
Mr. JONES inquired of the Speaker if it was ;l by'(he post office Departmeiu.
So the amendment of Mr. Jo\-es was rejected.
The question then recurred on ordering- the bill
to a third reading; and having been taken and de-
cided in the affirmative—
The bill was read a third time.
in order to move an amendment?
The SPEAKER. No amendment is in order
after the third reading.
Mr. JONES. Is it in order to move to recom-
mit with instructions to amend r
The SPEAKER. Not with instructions to
amend.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose and
addressed the Chair.
Mr. JONES claimed the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had merely risen to
inquire whether thjs corporation was authorized
to issue promissory notes, or a circulation of any
kind ? Had they the right to do i
No formal answer was given
In this connection, hemightwith propriety refer
to the course which had been adopted by the Le-
gislatures of the States. He might refer, for ex-
ample, to the State of New York, which compelled
all her carrying or raihoad corporations to per-"
form this service under heavy penalties. He nlight
refer, also, to a more recent act which had been
passed by the Legislature of Virginia, in which fte
believed there was a provision'requiring all the
railroad companies to carry the mail on such terms
as might be prescribed by Congrcrs.
At this point of the remarks of Mr. Joxr,3,
that in
. „ The SPEAKER interposed and said,   .
0 !t: . . W pursuance of the otder of the House this day
to the inquiry. .j; a£j0pted, t|lc hQr-r of two having arrived the Hous«
Mr. JONES continued. There was another 1. g^oiid adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock,
amendment which he thought important, and;! And, thereupon, the House adjourned.
which would no doubt readily suggest itself to Jj -  
the minds of the members of this House, from |j *
the recent experience they had had of the pro- jj PETITIONS.
ceedings of some corporations, and especially of a Jl The fn:iowi*i«pei:t.one were presented under the rule, and
steamboat company in connection with a railroad * referred.
and the subject of carrying the mails. d j$v ^ir. >aC0LL : The petition of Francis Bradley, Ed-
Mr. EDWARDS rose to explain. jj mund Power,and 143Other*,oft:>eoitj oftfewYork, asking
Mr TOTtfFS viplflino- flip flnnr  >' for a reduction of p^stac* on letter;? and newspapers, and
£}r* rL^fe- v n r!o - l !\ > *] • 1 fo1' th" ahoii^bmsf of the franking privilege. Also, jhe peu-
Mr. EDWARDS said, that the company re- , tl0p ot-William S. Wetmore. Roh^rt a McEwen. S. T.
ferred to in this bill had no connection with "any ' '
•other company. *
Mr. JONES continued. I say we have had
experience in the case of a steamboat company as
connected with a railroad company in carrying the
mail.
Mr. EDWARDS. This company has nothing
to do with it.
Mr. JONES. I do not know that it has. I
suppose it'has not.
Mr." EDWARDS desired to inquire of the
Speaker whether debate w.as in order.
The SPEAKER said it was in order.
Armstioiii:, and othei.s. of trie city of i\tkw "S oik, asking for
■ ti~"- admission of nvita pcrcha fr^e of duty.
Bv Mr. TAYLOR: Tlie petition of A. Ruckiwuwmd > >
: others, citizens ot Pike and s?en>to counties, in the State <>i
Ohio proving Conj?re«s to estahhdi a new po«t route bit
t\vertn rik< ton and theRuckman and Galford settlement,
on i,ii!!e Scioto cieek,m Union township, m Tike county,
r Rv Mr. KOCK\YHLL, of Massachusetts: The petition of
■ Thomas Uobiuson and i~ other--, citizens of Nortli Adam?,
1! Mas&nehuseit". p.-avmq for a reduction of postage, &c,
S' Bv Mr. M & 1'ennsylvanid : Th" petition ot Joseph
f' Shoemaker, i>-3a<* Hodce, and 1*21 othe-s, citizens of
.1 Armstions* county, Petirtpylvania, praying for a mail ronte
t, from Kittanins, in -a.iri coiinty, hy way 'jt Cocinan's Milifij
ta Apollo, a distmire^f 24 mdes.
