im
THE iCOMGRISSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 5,
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 5, 1849. *
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, en-
closing the report of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, containing a report of the expenses of the
national armories for the year ending June 30,
t848.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, enclosing a report of the expenditures from
the appropriations for contingencies.of the depart-
ment during the year ending 30th June, 1848.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
Henry 'C. Miller and Philip W. Thompson, pray-
ing compensation for certain depredations commit-
ted by the Osage Indians on the Santa Fe road;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. HANNEGAN presented a petition from a
number of colored persons of Indiana and other
States, praying that Government vessels may be
allowed to carry colored emigrants to Africa, when
such vessels are ordered thither; which was re-
' ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr.FELCH presented the petition of citizens
of Ypsilanti, Michigan, asking for a reduction of
postage and free transmission of newspapers within
a certain distance; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DIX presented the petition of Priscilla De-
caturTwiggs, praying to be allowed a portion of
prize money due her uncle, Stephen Decatur, on
account of the recapture of the frigate Philadel-
phia at Tripoli; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition of Joseph
Kerwin, late sergeant in the sixth United States
infantry,praying for an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee oif Pensions.
Mr. BORLAND presented the petition of
Thomas and Elizabeth Armstrong, praying com-
pensation for losses of property by the Creek In-
dians; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Samuel
Jones, surviving partner of the firm of E. P. Cal-
kins & Co., asking the return of duties exacted
from him in the name of the Republic of Texas,
after her annexation to the United States; which
was referred to the"' Committee on Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented papers in relation to
the claims of" the heirs of Joshua Eddy, an officer
of the revolutionary army; which' was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of a
number of citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying the restoration" of the tariff of 1842;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DICKINSON presented additional papers
in relation to the petition of merchants of New
York, praying for a return of duties on goods de-
stroyed by the great fire: which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented additional evidence
in relation to the claim of Manuel X. Harmony;
which was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, leave was given to
withdraw the papers in the case of Peter Randon.
On motion of Mr. STURGEON, the papers in
relation to the claim of the legatees of Thomas J.
Anderson were taken from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
William Barton' and other surviving childien of
General William Barton; which was read a first
time.
■ Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on
Claims, reported, without amendment— *
House bill for the relief of the widow of Lieu-
tenant Richard E. Cochran, deceased;
House bill for the relief of A. C. Bryan and
Others;
House bill for the relief of the legal represent* -
tives of Robert Fulion, deceased,
' Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on I
Claims, reported, without amendment, a bill for :
the relief of Theodore Offutt. j
'Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, made an adverse report on
the joint resolution explanatory of the act of June
S, 1848, entitled "An act to refund money for ex-
penses incurred, subsistence or transportation fur-
nished, for the use of volunteers during the present
war, before being mustered and received into the
service of the United States," and asked to be dis-
charged therefrom.
Mr. BRADBURY,' from the Committee on
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
E. P. Calkins, of Galveston, Texas.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. BORLAND, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to grant to the
State of Arkansas the Hot Spring reservation, in
that State, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public lands
Mr. ATCHISON, pursuant to notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill granting to
the Slate of Missouri a right of way and a donation
of public lands, for making a railroadjS'rom Lexing-
ton, on the Missouri river, to Ohio City, at the
mouth of the Ohio river, in said State; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lsyads.
Mr. DIX, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to authorize an ap-
propriation for removing the rocks at Hurl Gate
and the reefs in the harbor of New York; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commeice.
PURCHASE OF CUBA.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Mil-'
ler, December ]d, was taken up for considera-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United .States be re-
quested to uiloitn the Senate whether any and what nego-
tiations or correspondence have taken place between tins
Government and the Government ot Spain, or between any
persons acting under the direction or authority of either
Government, m relation to the purchase of Cuba by the
United States; and that he communicate to the Senate
copies of such negotiations? or coiropondt-nee, so S.u as the
same may be communicated consistently with the public
interest.
Opposition' being manifested—
Mr. MILLER called for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution, but the cail was not
sustained.
Mr. RUSK moved to lay the resolution on the
table, but withdrew the motion.
Several Senators called for/the yeas and nays
on this motion.
Mr. MILLER rose to offer some explanations
concerning the resolution; when—
Mr. DICKINSON said the question was not
now debatable.
Mr. MILLER. I hope that the Senator who
moved to lay ihe lesolution on the table will with-
draw his motion, in order to allow me an opportu-
nity to "say a few words in explanation.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objections, so far as the
subject is under my control, to allow the gentleman
from New Jersey to offer any explanations he
may be pleased to make. For one, I do not be-
Jieve that any such negotiations or correspondence
have been entered into by the two Governments
named in the resolution; and the only authority
for entertaining any such belief, on the part of any
one, is a few vague rumors which have been cir-
culated in some of the newspapers.
Mr. MILLER. I would state to the Senate that
this resolution is in the ordinary form of resolu-
tions of inquiry of this nature. The answer to the
resolution is submttted to the discretion of the
President. If he thinks it inconsistent with the
public interest to give the information asked for,
jie may decline to furnish it.
When the resolution was called up a few days
since, the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien]
suggested to the Senate that it was not strictly in
oruer to present a resolution of this kind in open
Senate, but that it should be made the subject of
executive session. Since that time I have been
looking into the precedents of this kind, and I find
abundance of them, w.hich authorized the piesent-
ation of this resolution in open Senate.
Resolutions'requiring information from the Pres-
ident in regard to correspondence between this
Union and other nations might, perhaps, develop
matters which it would be more proper to delib-
erate and act upon in executive session. But in
the cases of the negotiations between this Govern-
ment and Mexico, and in the negotiations with
regard to the annexation of Texas, and the nego-
tiations between this Government and Great Brit-
ain in relation to the Territory of Oregon, resolu-
tions of this kind were offered and received in open
Senate. Therefore the resolution is not subject to
any objection of that character.
Again: 1 consider that the subject-matter of this
resolution is not of tht ordinary character. This
matter of purchasing fofeign nations, people, and
territories is not of the ordinary character of the
negotiations between nations. Hence I deemed it
proper to offer this resolution, for the purpose of
informing the country whether any negotiations
of this kind have been carried on between this and
the Spanish Government.
My impression at the time I offered the resolu-
tion was, and still is, that if any such negotiations
between the two nations are in progress, the coun-
try ought to be informed of the fact: the country
should know it before the object of the negotia-
tions is consummated; and it was for this purpose
that I presented the resolution.
Mr. RUSK. I wish simply to ask the honora-
ble Senator from New Jersey if he entertains any
suspicion that such negotiations or correspondence
are or have been in progress ?
Mr. MILLER. Since the honorable Senator
from Texas has propounded the question, I must
say that 1 have such suspicions. I know very well,
sir, that the pretty general impression of the coun-
try is, that something of the kind has been going
on, and my only object m offering the resolution
was to elicit the truth, and quiet the public mind.
Mr. FOOTE. From the manner in which this
subject has been introduced by the Senator from
New Jersey, I feel myself authorized to propound
an inquiry to him, which he may answer or not,
at his pleasure and discretion. I wish to know
whether, m the event of his ascertaining that any
correspondence or negotiations in reference to this
subject have actually taken place, he is prepared
to assume an attitude hostile to the annexation of
Cuba to this country, and whether he is or is not
prepared to act upon the subject? If he is not pre-
pared to act, then I think there is no necessity for
this resolution. If, however, the Senator from
New Jersey, in the event of such a correspondence
or negotiation having actually occurred, or being
in progress, intends to thro w obstacles m tile way,
for the purpose of preventing its consummation,
there is some reason for his resolution; but if he
intends to remain inactive, and is resolved that no
action shall follow after the information shall be
obtained, I must repeat ihat I see not the slightest
reason whatever for the passage of the resolution.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 renew the motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. MILLER. I hope the honorable Senator
from New York will withdraw his motion for a
moment, in order that I may reply to the question-
of the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. DICKINSON. I will withdraw my motion
if the Senator from New Jersey will renew it after
he has made his reply.
Mr. MILLER. 1 would not like to renew the
motion to lay the resolution on the table myself,
but I have no doubt others will do it. The gentle-
man can renew it himself. '
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 will withdraw my mo-
tion for the present,
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, perhaps it
would be wise in me to reserve my answer to the'
question of^the Senator from Mississippi till ihe
facts of the case afe laid before the country. But
I have no desue to conceal iny opinions or inten-
tions in regard to this matter. My own opinion
is made up upon this subject, and I do not hesitate
to say that I shall be opposed to the annexation of
Cuba to this country at all times and under all cir-
cumstances.
Mr. FOOTE. I would simply state, that if such
be the determination of the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, he will find himself in an awkward
position m less than four months, for the President
elect is decidedly m favor of the annexation of
Cuba, and has so declared himself.
Mr. DICKINSON renewed his motion to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and resulted aa follows:
