1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
be presented in behalf of the claimant. But the
system proposed to be established by this, bill
aiTorded the opportunity, and imposed upon the
officers of the Government the duty, of seeking for
that evidence which might be in existence favorable
to the United States*, and adverse to the claimants.
And permit him to say, that he regarded it as a
matter of no sBRall consequence that this bill pro- ■
vided for the examination of witnesses on the part
of the United States and on the part of the claim-
ant, in the yicinage of the claimant, and where the
claim originated. Persons residing there must, as
a matter of course, know more of the circumstances;^
and he had no doubt that many such cases would
be found as had occurred relative to the Cumber-
land road, if testimony were taken on both sides,
subject to cross-examination, in the vicinage of the
party,/or in the immediate tieighboi hood where
the transaction occurred out of which the claim
originated.
These were the protections which were thrown
around the treasury of the United Slates by this
bill. He regaided "it as the only mode by which
these proper and just checks, obstacles, and guards
could be thrown around the treasury; and in this
point of view, he regatded it as an exceedingly
important measure to the Government, as far more
important to the Government than to the claimant.
But this biil provided for a far more thorough
examination of these numerous claims than couid
possibly be bestowecj upon them in this House.
This board would be co-mposed of men who were
•qualified for their duty—men of experience, ac-
quainted with every class of claims, and who must,
of course, be better fitted for a thorough examina-
tion of the various claims which might be presented
' to them, than any members selected out of this or
the other House of Congress. And it being their
sole duty, they having nothing else to attend to,
it might be fairly presumed that their examination
would be "more thorough and searching, would
more strofigly tend to elucidate the truth, to dis-
cover the merits and demerits of the claims, than
any examination which could be made in this or
in the other House of Congress.
Mr. CUMMINS interposed, and (the iloor being
yielded) moved the following amendment to the
'bill:
And that tiie term of office of said comnitssioners shall
be four year®, unless, for sufficient cause, they, or eithei of
them, shall tie sooner removed from said office by the Presi-
■dent of the United States.
Mr. STRONG continued. There were other
benefits (he said) which we were to derive from
the system proposed by this commission. No man
could doubt that it would tend exceedingly to
accelerate the business of Congress. It would do
this in various ways. It would do it, in the first
place, by taking away, in the manner of which he
had spoken, half of the claims which had been
presented, and which were unfounded, and by
leaving the time which was now devoted to them
to be devoted to other and more important busi-
ness. It would do this, by the board sittingduiing
the year, and at all times affording to the claimants
an opportunity to have their claims examined. It
would do this, by bringing up these claims in their
order: an end which couid not be attained under
the present system. Whodid notknow that many
claims were presented to this House which were
acknowledged to be meritorious, which had been
reported favorably upon again and again, by com-
mittee after committee, and which were never
reached; while others, much younger in point of
time and far less deserving in point of merit, were
passed through this and the other House of Con-
gress, and became laws? He would suppose one
of those cases to which he had already alluded—
a case of the impressment of private property for
the public use; many such undoubtedly existed;
many such would grow out of the Mexican war,
as they had grown out of the war of 1812. Now,
the individual whose property was taken presented
his petition here; it was referred to a committee;
that committee, after a time, made a report; the
report went upon the calendar, and was never
reached: the same process took place during the
next session or the next Congress, and during tne
next succeeding, and so on. The petition, per-
haps, went into the hands of some individual
who might be unable to bestow upon it the time
* necessary to examine it, or who might be sick, and
from some cause unable to make his report at an
early period of the session; and when it finally
took its place at the bottom of the calendar, it was
postponed and postponed to others far younger
and less meritorious. Now, this bill, which was
reported by the Committee on Claims, provided
a remedy for all these evils. The claim would
be presented, under us operation, to this commis-
sion, and by it, after as prompt and as thorough an
examination as could be had, would be reported
to this House, or the other House, and would
come up in its order, and could not be postponed;
as, under the present system, meritorious claims
had been postponed, five, ten, fifteen, or twenty
years, to give place to claim# much less merito-
rious.
The people's business, moreover, would be ac-
celerated in still another way, viz : by a classifica-
tion of claims. How far this couid" be done-, he
would not attempt to say. He knew there were
difficulties in regard to it, but yet he believed a classi-
fication could be made, and under that classification
thebusinesscould be.vcrymuch expedited. Claims
for invalid pensions, lor instance, might consti-
tute one class; claims for revolutionary pensions,
another; claims growing out of the seizure of pri-
vate property for the public use, another; and in
that way they might be enabled to act more un-
derstandingly and more justly upon them than was
possible under the present system; at ali events,
they would act more rapidly, and they would show
to the claimant that they weie doing all they could
to give him a fair and honest hearing of his claim,
to enable him to arrive at an adjudication; and
thus they would remove some of the causes whieh
n&w existed to embitter one citizen after another
against the Government of their country. j
These were his views of some of the advan-1
tages which they wduld secure by the passage of !
this bill, by the adoption of the system. He did j
not say it was perfect; he admitted it had its de-
fects; but he did not feel the force of some of the .
objections which had been urged against it by gen- |
tlemen who had addressed the committee. One j
gentleman [Mr. Mullin] had told them he was m j:
favor of allowing suits to be .brought in the Federal j j
courts against the General Government. He (Mr. !i
S.) was utterly opposed to any such course of;:
proceeding as that. In the first place, he appre- ;
hended it could not be without an Alteration oi the ;
Constitution of the United States As a lawyer, ,
he apprehended that the Constitution gave to these |
courts no such jurisdiction as would be neces- ,
sary in the case of a suit against the sovereignty, i
That had never been granted to any court by the j
Constitution, and it would be strange if it should |
be. What was a claim against the Government.' j
How was it recovered ? The party did not recover ;
it by any compulsory process. It was not com- j
pulsory upon the Government; it was an appeal J
to the good faith of the Government, and, as a ;
matter of course, it ceuld not be the subject ot j
adjudication m any court of law. The Constitu- j
tion, as he understood, had given jurisdiction to ;
the courts of two classes of cases: one class was i
that of particular parties; such as, among others, |,
of controversies " between two or more States, [i
f between a State and citizens of another State, j]
4 between citizens of different States, between citi-
' zensof thesameStateclaiminglands under grants ;j
'of different States, and between a State, or the jj
' citizens thereof, and foreigu States, citizens, or j:
( subjects." The other class was where jurisdic-
tion was not marked at all by the peisons who ^
should be the parties, for these were the cases, as ,
he understood it, which were provided for in the ;
following clause of the section second, article ;
thud:
11 The judicial power shall extend to all ea^e-i, m law and ■
eqnitjr, arising under thi-, Constitution, the laws of the Uni-
ted States, and treaucs made, oi winch shall be made, under
their authority."
Now, no claim against the Government was a ;
case arising " m law and equity." The party did j
not found his claim against the Government* upon
any principle of law or equity, and certainly these ,
claims were not cases which arose under the Con- ;
stitution or the laws of the United States. ^
Mr. FICKLIN interposed, and said he would ,
like to inquire of his friend from Pennsylvania, in i
case these claims which were presented to the j
Government were founded neither in law nor in !
equity, if they ought to be allowed by Congress
or by any other department of the Government?
Mr. STRONG replied, that ne regarded the terms
"law and equity" as well-defined terms, bearing
a settled, technical meaning, signifying something
different from what was- ordinarily understood .
by the terms justice "and equity. They Were
used in that particular sense in the Constitution.,
Now, he regarded the Government of the IJnited
States as not responsible, under the principles of
law or equity, in their constitutional signification*
but as responsible under-the faith which it owed
to its citizens.
Mr. LAHM interposed, and inquired of the gen-
tleman whether Congress could not by law consti-
tute the judges of the respective district courts of
the United States commissioners to adjudicate
claims against the Government in the same man-
ner in which it was proposed under this bill to
constitute these individuals commissioners r
Mr. STRONG replied, thut he should come to
the point which tiie gentleman had raised in a very
few moments.
It was not necessary for lum, (h  continued,) in
this part of his remarks, to say positively, that
under the Constitution, without amendment, there
could be no such law passed. He intended to do
no more than to suggest very serious doubts hi
regard to it; that was sufficient for his present
purpose. But there were cases, he knew—and some
of them were referred to in this report—in which,
suits were permitted to be brought by the citizens
against the Government, not in our own country,
not under the common lav,*, not in England,, butiri
the German States and other parts of the Conti-
nent. The course of proceeding there, however,
being under the civil law, was entirely different
from proceedings under the common law. There,
the courts were not much more than commission-,
ers; there was no jury. In fact, he was not aware
that any civilized government upon earth submitted'
to a jury the decision of claims against itself. He
l^new that in some of the German Slates suits were
allowed to be brought by the citizens against the
government; but those suits were determined by
judgesstanding very much in the relation to the gov-
ernment in which this bill proposed to place these
three commissioners. He did not, therefore, think
that the same reasons existed, even if they had
the power under the Constitution, for giving to the
Federal courts the power to adjudicate claims
against the Government, or that the same proprie-
ty existed that would exist in case our pioceedings
j weie under the civil law. The Constitution seemed
; to imply that our proceedings in this country
[ should be as far as possible (though they were not
; exclusively) under the rules of the common law.
He did not, therefore, feel the force of the sugges-
l tion thrown out by the honorable gentleman, that
! these claims should be tried by the hVderai courts;
! on the contrary, it seemed to him that there were
1 insuperable difficulties in the way of such & pro-
! ceeding.
| But it wf<s objected that the adjudications of
these commissioners were not to i, ; nnal^ Well,
lie admitted that the first impression or' his mind
was, that if the decisions of the bo< rd couid be
made final in eases of claims of small amount, it
would be better- But he doubted whether any
such system could stand. If the appropriations
were to be made subsequently to the adjudication
of the commissioners, Congress, of course, would
have it in its power to lefnse to make the appro-
priations. If, on the other hand, a sum wa.i to be
appropriated in advance, from which to pay the
claims which were passed by the board, hesiiouid
fear that the same state of things vouid e\ist as
| existed in 161G, when something like this plan was
| adopted. At the close «f the late w;r. mi {he 3th
: or' Apiil, 1816, an a<n of Congress was passed
i which appointed a commissioner for the settlement
of claims against the Government for property
j taken by the enemy, and for property impressed
' by our own Government/ If he mistook riot, Mr.
Lee was appointed commissioner under that act of
; Congress/ His decisions were made final so far
' as this, at least, that an appropriation was first
made, and it was provided that the sums by him
; adjudicated should be paid out of the treasury
i That act provided:
! And when such .imminent s-hGilbf m favor nf^ueh
' it shall entitle rise claimant, or ins legal represeniah* e. 14,011
1 nresentntion of a cony 01 t-ueh judjtm-n!, duh e.'tuncl by
: t'le clerk of said commissioner, to pa\ meat < f iu.m.mt
■ thereof at the treasury of the United
There was a proceeding f.ornewhi.si niiar to
1 this, in which it was attempted t-> mak'_the <J;u-
: dication of the commissioner final. "What v &3
