1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
160
well understand what they meant. A gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] had said thattb#
biit proposed to allow claims—not claims founded
on law and eqiuty.in their technical sense, butclaims
upon a mere vague idea of justice.
Mr. STRONG (interposing) asked leave to ex-
plain.
Mr. BOWLIN yielding the floor—
Mr. STRONG said thegemlemart was mistaken.
He (Mr. S.) only urged, those claims that were
founded on law and equity.
Mr. BOWLrN resumed. The gentleman said
he urged no other claims but such as were founded
in law and equity. If that was to be the criterion
upon which the judgment was to be based, we
already had a board, established by the jaws,
where every just and rightful claim could be heard,
and receive a fair and liberal adjudication. What
was the use of this board, if it was not, in the
very language of the oill, to adjudicate according
to justice and right? to settle claims according to
justice, and not according to law and equity, as
technically understood? What was to be the meas-
ure of that justice, so far as the United States were
concerned ^ It had been said that the conscience
of the court of chancery was to be measured by
die length of the chancellor's foot; but he sup-
posed the conscience of this tribunal was to be
measured according to the length of their^hadows
before the setting sun. He wanted to see where
the distinction was to be drawn between a case
founded in law and equity, and a case arising upon
a vague idea of justice. We had Auditors of the
Trea'sury, who were virtually commissioners; they
were sworn judges; they acted under the super-
vision of the Comptroller, and the Comptroller
acted under the supervision of the Secretary of
the Treasury. And they constituted a board to
decide all legal and equitable claims against the
Government.
What, then, did the bill propose? What was
this board to do r He would tell them: it was to
abandon all principles of law and equity, so far as
the treasury of the United States was concerned,
to this host of claimants and claim agen ts that were
, constantly encircling the Capitol. That was to
be the result. And when the claim came to be
decided by the commissioners, they were not to
decide according to well-fixed principles of law
and equity, but, as he had said, by some vague
idea of justice in their own minds. The treasury
was to be thrown open, and thu3 was the*money,
vyrung by taxation trom the hard earnings ot the
people, from their toil and sweat, to be squandered
upon plundereis and favorites around the Capitol.
This would be the effect of the bill, whether de-
signed or not.
"The bill proposed to establish a commission with
this unlimited power over the public treasury.
The effect would be, that the decisions of the board
would take from the treasury every cent wrung
from the people by taxation. Upon what charac-
ter of claims was this bill to 'act ? The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong] had stated, that
these claims were increasing from year to year.
He (Mr. B.) admitted the fact. They grew, as a
rolling snowball increased in size, by time and
action. Claims against the Government never
died. One hundred adverse reports against them
did not stop them. They lived forever. They
were theonly thing in this Government which had
an eternal and immortal life. They never died
until they were paid. That was the cause of the
accumulation. An adverse report made at one
session did not prevent the claim being again
brought up at the next, and so on continually, if
one committee reported against it, it would at the
next session be pushed before another and different
committee who were ndt advised of the facts, and
from whom occasionally a favorable report would
be procured. There was nothing remarkable,
therefore, m the accumulation of these claims.
That was the fault of the House and of the com-
mittees, in not keeping these things in their appro-
pnate places; and the accumulation was the result
of that system. The Government for the last
few years had been making rapid strides towards
throwing itself into the hands of claimants and
claim agents; and if this evil was not arrested, the
consequence would be, that the people, through
their representatives, would have to appeal to the
mercy of these people for the pittances that were
requisite to carry on the operations of the Govern-
ment, This bill did but serve to precipitate thaf
result. Why v/as this so? Because these claims
had no foundation in fact. Nine times out of ten
they had no foundation.
Under our Government, what was the class of
claims that ought to demand the attention of Con-
gress? In the very nature of things, they ought
to be few; for every legitimate and equitable claim,
a tribunal already existed competent to decide upon
it. There were some claims, however, the justice
of which he admitted; but, if rightly treated, there
would be but few; for the only cases in which ap-
peals could be made to the equity of Congress
were such as, from some defect of evidence, could
not be allowed at the departments; although, in the
universal opinion of mankind, the facts might be
beyond controversy, in such cases, an appeal to
Congress was proper.
But what sort of claims were daily and hourly
presented here ? Some man, the descendant of a
patriot, m the third generation,- came here for
money, because, perchance, a company of soldiers
quartered upon his ancestors' farm had burnt up a
little dry wood; and the committee would report
favorably upon the claim, and the sympathies of
this House would be appealed to, and would grant,
in the name of military renown, what it would
have denied to the intrinsic merit of the claim.
The bill did not provide for a final decision by
the board of commissioners. I^could not, without
trampling upon the Constitution. That House dare
not do it in the eye of the American- people, be-
cause n would be a base abandonment of that
treasury which they were sworn to protect.
Mr. MEADE here interposed, and asked the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] to allow
inni to ask a question.
Mr. BOWLIN having yielded the floor—
Mr. MEADE said he wished to inquire whether
the time employed in legislating upon private bills
did not cpst the country mo,re than the amount
paid to claimants
Mr. BOWLIN said, in reply to the question of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] that
he (Mr. B.) did not know how the /act might be;
lie did not feel himself capable of judging of the
matter. He was one of those who believed that
legislation was like ditching—the less the work
done, the better it was. It was frequently the case,
that the less that was done, the better; and he
thought, perhaps, that a discussion upon private
claims might sometimes have had a good and salu-
tary effect upon the House, by keeping it out of
proceedings more mischievous. But it was to be
recollected, that these claims had been accumulating
for years: howmany millions might be the amount
which they hud now attained, it was impossible to
tell. He had in his mind's eye a few claims that
would cover a hundied millions: for example, the
Meade claim, voted down by this House, with the
hundred claims depending on the same principle,
might be set down at nearly forty millions of dol-
lars. The French spoliation claim, also frequently
rejected, might be set down as approximating to
nearly forty millions more. In this respect, the
effect of this hill would be like that of the bankrupt
law of 184:2; the extent of the evil inflicted tfould
only be known when all the affairs came to be
wound up. And the analogy between the two case£
would not even stop there; the one was instituted to
rob individual creditors—the other to plunder the
treasury itself. And he would venture to predict,
from pure instinct, that if this bill passed, not one
Congress would expire before the American peo-
ple would indignantly demand its repeal.
How many millions were at stake under the
issue of this bill? Could any man tell? Some
idea might be formed of the Government liabilities,
Dut none of imaginary claims. Was there a claim
agent that was not in favor of it? They went for
it as a matter of course, because it enabled them to
carry out magnificent schemcs of speculation upon
the treasury. If they were for it, could it be a
measure favorable to the interests of the Govern-
ment? Ten thousand lawyers in the city of
Washington could, under such a bill, accumulate
each a fortune within the next two years; but the
treasury would be bankrupt.
What, then, would be gained if the bill should
become a law? It was not made final; Congress
dare not make it final. What, then, was gained in
point of time and legislation ? These claims would
have to be reported back to Congress for appro-
priations. Would the representatives of the people
sit by and see the treasury plundered without
raising their voices? Did gentlemen suppose that
these claims had not to* be acted upon here again?
Did gentlemen believe-that the business of any
committee of this House would be lessened, unless
the decision of the* board was made final? Not at
all. The claims would be preferred here to com-
mittees, and when they came into the House, the
members would, in the exercise of their right as
the ^presentatives of freemen, resist-this species,
of plunder as they had done before, and as they
did now upon the bills themselves. If time were
sometimes wasted unnecessarily in the discussion
of these bills, yet gentlemen should remember that
important developments sometimesfollowed. Very
few bills ever passed this House that would bear
the test of discussion, and of the scrutiny which
attended it; and none, he would undertake to say,
where the shout of military and naval glory could
not be brought to bear upon the claim. He re-
ferred to these things to show the worthless char-
acter of the claims generally. Pie knew, as he
had said, that there were some few that were
valid, and indulgence towards those which were
not valid, did but destroy the prospect of those
that -were so.
Nothing, then, he insisted, was gained by the
bill. Ah ! but, said the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Strong,] what an important point was
gained in the cross-examination of witnesses. Pie
(Mr. B.) did not desire to intimate that anything
of the kind was intended, but he thought that this
provision for the examination of witnesses was
one of the greatest humbugs of the age. Who was
to examine them ? The prosecuting attorney.
Look at the State of Missouri, with its seventy
thousand square miles. The prosecuting attorney
resided at St. Louis. A claim was got up on the
Indian frontier, five hundred miles off Was he to
leave his home and go there to examine witnesses?
Mr. STRONG rose and asked the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] to yield the floor for
a moment.
Mr. BOWLIN having done so—
Mr. STRONG (scarcely heard at the reporter's
desk) was understood to call the attention of the
gentleman from Missouri to the* terms of the pro-
vision of the bill under which testimony was to be
taken.
Mr. BOWLIN continued. That (he said) did
not in the least interfere with the position he had
taken. The gentleman, in the course of his argu-
ment, had contended that the testimony was to be
taken in the neighborhood in which the case arose,
and this provision <?f the bill had been thrown in "
merely as a make-weight to help it along. By
looking at the question practically, it would be
seen that in any State larger than Rhode Island or
Delaware, there could be no such thing as the
district attorney attending to these examinations.
Was any provision made to pay him? None at
all; and in his, (Mr. B.'s) opinion, the provision
would result in nothing at all; and the testimony
would be as ex parte after the passage of the bill
as it was now before the Congress of the United
States.
Another objection to the bill which he enter-
tained was, it provides that these commissioners
are to be appointed by the President, and that there
is no limitation to the term of their service. The
| gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cummins,] indeed, had
pioposed an* amendment to this portion of the bill,
\ but which, in his (Mr. B.'s) opinion, was really
; no amendment; for the Constitution settled the
; matter, that officers appointed under the authority
' of the President are removable by the same au-
• thority. Now, what sort of a political machine,
i acting under the patronage of the Executive, would
: the passage of this bill create? What sort of a
| machine would this be, adjudicating upon claims
| upon the treasury amounting to hundreds of mil-
lions of dollars? It was to be entirely the creation
, of the Executive—a tribunal which he could make
mid unmake at pleasure; and this tribunal was to
pass upon questions which would involve the pay-
• ing out of millions upon millions of the people's
j money.
[Here a question was asked, which was not
heard by the reporter.]
Mr. BOWLIN replied, since' the question was
asked, he would answer it. It was true that the
' Auditors and Secretary of the Treasury were ap-
pointed by the Executive; but then they were to
! examine and decide claims against the Government
11 upon established principles of law and equity, aa
