1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
points on which the committee differ, some of
■which I intend to notice; but I propose first to ex-
amine for a few moments that of the constitutional
power. It is due to myself and t<5 the country
that I should call public attention distinctly to the
fact, that these questions are forced upon us by
southern gentlemen against the wishes and re-
monstrance of every member of the committee
from the free .States. Involving as it does the
great fundamental principles of our Government, a
distinguished member from the North [Mr. Rock-
well, of Connecticut] introduced a resolution to
close the debate in one hour from the time we went
jnto committee. I thought it unbecoming north-
ern members to attempt thus to stifle debate on so
important a matter, forced upon us by the South.
I therefore called for the ayes and- noes on that
resolution, and now hold the floor by a sort of
legislative fraud, having voted for the engrossment
of the bill with the soie object of obtaining the
floor.
Sir, at the formation of the Constitution slavery
was condemned in the severest language by the
delegates who framed that instrument. It is true,
they, had been regarded in England as property.
In 1749 Lord Hardwicke had decided that trover
Jay for a slave in the British courts. That was
the last decision of tbe kind made in England or m
civilized Europe. One hwndred years has elapsed
since that decision. Its doctrines have been a
thousand times discarded, contemned, and over-
thrown by the statesmen and jurists of that na-
tion; buthere, in an American Congress, we now
hear this barbarous doctrine revived.
In 1772 Lord Mansfield boldly assailed the doc-
trine laid down in this Hall to-day, and exhibited
its absurdity in one of the ablest opinions to be
found on rccoid. From that period this doctrine
of pioperty in man has found no supporters under |
the Government of England. With all our refine- |
ment as a nation, with all our boasted adherence j
to liberty, on this subject we are three quarters of
a century behind our mother country.
When Sir Warren Hastings was on trial in the
House of Peers in 1787, Mr. Sheridan, speaking
- on this subject, in his own peculiar and fervid elo-
quence, declared, that " allegiance to that Power
* which gives us the forms of men, commands t^
'to maintain the rights of men; and never yet
1 was this truth dismissed from the human heart—
4 never in any time in any age—never in any clime
* where rude man ever had any social feelings—
' never was this unextinguishable truth destroyed
* from the heart of man, placed as it is m the core
*i and centre of it by Ins Maker, that man was not
made the property of man." This was the language
of British statesmen sixty-two years since. To-
day we have before this branch of the American
Congress the report of a committee avowing that
under this Federal Government, in the middle of
the nineteenth century, li man is the property of his
fellow-mortal.-"
These sentiments of the British statesmen and
jurists inspired the hearts of our American patriots
in 1776, when they declared it to be a " self evi-
dent truth that all men are created equal.''
When they framed our Constitution, they declared
their object was "to establish justice, and to secure
to-themselves and their posterity the blessings of
liberty.." This subject ot holding property in men
did not escape their attention, nor have they, left
us igrioiant of their views m regard to it. Mr.
Madison, the father of the Constitution, has left
to us a clear and explicit account of their inten-
tions. He informs us, that on
"Wednesday, August 22, the Convention proceeded to
consider the report ot the Committee ot Detail, in relation
to duties on expoits, a capitation tax, dud a navigation act.
The t'ouitli section reported was aa loliow^ :
"'No tax or duty hlndl be laid by the Legislature on arti-
f o\es expoited from any State, noi on the migration noruu-
( poitation oi such persons a* the several States shall think
f proper to admit; nor shall such n.igiation nor importation
s ho prohibited.' •
" Mr. Ueriy thought we had nothing to do with the con-
flict of The States as to aluver>, but we ought to becurejul not
to give any mndibn."
Our people think with Mr. Gerry, that "we have
nothing to do with slavery in the S fates." We are
determined that we tvill not be involved in its
guilt. With Mr. Gerry, we intend " to be careful
to give it no sanction." No, sir; we will not sane- i|
tion your slavery by paying our money for the |;
bodies o-f slaves. This is the doctrine which we j;
hold, and which we expect to maintain; ypi the j|
members of this body are now engaged in legisla- \\
ting upon the price of human flesh. Jf we pass
this bill, we shall give our most solemn, sanction to
that institution which Gerry and his compatriots
detested. Will the members from Pennsylvania,
the successors of Franklin and Wilson, lend their
sanction to slavery, by voting the moneys of the
people to pay for slaves ?
But.Mr. Madison tells us that "Mr. Sherman
(of Connecticut) was opposed to any tax on slaves,
as making the matter worse, because it implied they
toere property."
Will gentlemen here admit that slaves are prop-
erty? I understand that some gentleman from the
North admit that slaves are property. Mr. Sher-
man and the framers of the Constitution would do
no act by which it could be implied that they were
property. -
Mr. Madison also participated in the discussion
himself; and, as he informs us, " declared that he
I thought it wrong to admit that there could be property
in men." And the report of the committee was so
amended as to exclude that idea.
.hi that assemblage of illustrious statesmen, no
man expressed his dissent from these doctrines of
Gerry, of Sherman, and of Madison. These doc-'
trines are distinctly expressed in the quotation just
made. 1. That "ioe should have nothing to do with j
slavery, but ought to be car(ful not to give it any sane- |
iion." 2. That 41 ice should do no act by which it \
can be implied that there can 6e property i?i wen. 3.
" That it would be wrong for us to admit that there
can be property in men " Such were the views of
those who framed the Constitution. They intended
to express their views in such language as to be
understood. Will this House stand by these doc-
trines?
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
declared that he would leave us no room to escape
this issue; that we must say by our votes either
that there is property in men under the Federal
Constitution, or that there, is not. I am most
[ happy to meet the gentlemen on that point, and
j am prepared to submit the question to those who
1 framed-that instrument, to Mr. Madison. His
| decision is left on record. The only question is ;
j Have the Representatives of the people here the
I firmness and the independence to maintain the !
1 Constitution? There stands the record of their
| intentions. "He who runs may read." No man
J can fail to understand the intentions of those who
' framed our political compact. The people of the
free States understand them. They know their
rights under the Constitution; that they hold the
indisputable right to be free, and entirely exempt
from the corroding stain of slavery. So perfectly
were these principles understood in the early days
of the Republic, that after the war of the Revolu-
tion no man asked pay for his slaves that were
taken from him or killed "in the public service. In
1830 the Register of the Treasury declared that no
instance of the payment for slaves during the
Revolution was to be found on record. No, sir;
Madison and Jefferson, and their cotemporaries,
were then living. They well understood the prin-
ciples on which the Union had been formed. They
respected the rights of the free as well as of the ||
slave States, and no man then attempted to in- ;i
volve the people of the North in the support of !
slavery. 1 believe the first attempt to make this j
Government pay for slaves was in 1816. This
was twenty-seven years after the adoption of the
Constitution, and forty-two years a iter the decla- !
ration of American independence, it is an import- j
ant historical fact, that shows clearly the opinions ]
then entertained on this subject. ,
After the close of the late war with England, a |
bill was pending in this House, providing for the
payment of property lost or destroyed during that \
war. When the section providing for the pay- :
ment of horses, carts, &cimpressed into the public
service and destroyed by the enemy. Mr. Maryant,
from South Carolina, moved to amend the bill so as ,
to embrace slaves. The motion was opposed by,
Mr. Yancy and Mr. Robertson, and was nega- j
tived by a large majority. (See National Intelli- ,
gencer, December £J8, 1816.) This was a motion
so to amend this bill as to pay for slaves if killed ]
in the public service, when they had been im- \
pressed. I have heard northern members express '
the opinion, pending this bill, that we ougl*t to pay ;
for slaves, if lost, when they were impressed into .
the service. Sir, such was not the case thirty-five ,
years since. Our predecessors then spurned the
proposition. Where now is the feeling, the spirit, j
which animated them ? We have no record of the
speeches, but every member will see that the case
proposed was the strongest case that could be ima-
gined. It was where a slave was taken against the
will of the master, and pressed into the service, and
killed by the enemy. Yet they rejected the proposi-
tion by a large majority. The claim before us is
of incomparably less force. Here the master hired
the slave, at a high price, to go wifh the troops as
a guide, and of course took upon himself all risks.
The next case was that of D'Autrieve. He
had claims against the United States for wood and
other necessaries furnished the army, and for the
loss of time and the expense of nursing a slave
who was wounded irr the service of Government
at New Orleans. This case is more interesting
from the fact, that there was at that time an attempt,
as on the present occasion, to break down that
well-known principle in our Constitution, that
"slaves are persons and not property."
The Committee on Claims at that time (3828)
was composed of four northern and three southern
men. At its head was an honorable southern man,
Lewis Williams of North Carolina, who served his
country longer in this body than any other that ever
sat in tftis Hall. For more than a quarter of a cen-
tury he was a distinguished member of this House.
; There are few, very few, now present, that had the
j pleasure of serving with him; but hiss cotemporai ies
j can attest to his great ahilities and deserved influ-
i ence. That committee reported in favor of allowing
j compensation for the articles furnished to the army,
[ but said, expressly, that " slaves not being property,
they could not allow the master any compensa-
tion for his loss." This was the unanimous report;
Mr. Williams of North Carolina, Mr. McCoy of
Virginia, and Mr. Owen of Alabama, uniting m
the report. Mr. Williams had been contempora-
neous with Madison and Jefferson, and he did not
hesitate to avow the d6ctrines of the Constitution,
and to maintain them. Here is the" record of his
opinion and of the views of his associates. When
the bill came up in Committee of the Whole, cer-
tain southern gentlemen suddenly became excited,
worked themselves into a passion, threatened a
dissolution of the Union, and all that sort of thing.
They made a strenuous effort to reverse the decis-
ion of the Committee on Claims; but after some
two weeks' discussion, gave it up,laid the subject
on thp table, and there the matter ended.
This discussion was thirty-nine years subse-
quent to the adoption of the Constitution, and
more than fifty from the Declaration of Independ-
ence. The principle that slaves were persons, and
not property, was reaffirmed, upon full discussion,
without the light which we possess on the subject.
The Madison Papers were not then published.
The views of Gerry and Sherman and Madison,
in the Convention, and the action of that body in
relation to this matter, was unknown to them.
Should we now reverse that decision, and overturn
the practice, we shall sin against greater light than
they possessed.
The next and only remaining instance in which .
the question of appropriating the treasure of the
nation to pay for slaves was in 1843. " A bill for
the relief of the people of West Florida,"' intended
to provide for the payment of slaves taken by the
army of General Jackson from the inhabitants of
that Territory, in 1814, came up for discussion.
The slaves had been taken against the consent of
their owners by the military power of the nation.
I think there were about ninety slaves taken from
different individuals. The proposition was dis-
tinct in its character. The object of the bill was
to pay for human flesh. I myself opened the
debate upon it: and stated, as the principal grounds
of my opposition to it, that slaves were not re-
garded as property under the Federal Constitution.
My venerable and lamented friend, now no more,
(John Gtuincy Adams,) sustained my positions.
Several southern gentlemen spoke in javor of the
bill. The Journal is now before me, and shows
the bill to have been rejected, by a vote of one
hundred and thirteen to thirty-six. This was
done by a Whig Congress. Not one of that party
.from the free States voted for the bill.
I have now given a history of our legislation on
this subject. There was a bill passed this body,
" sub silentio," on one of those clays when there
is, by the rules of the House, no discussion, by
which payment was made for a slave. My friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] has stated the
facts in regard to it. I knew that such a bill was
