tm
the congressional globe.
Jan. 6;
pending, and so did Mr. Adams; and we had mu-
tually agreed to oppose its passage; but it slipped
through unnoticed, arid, therefore, constitutes no
precedent. '
In 1843 a bill passed this body to pay over
moneys obtained by the Government from Great
Britain, and held in trust by us, to be paid to the
owners of slaves lost on board the Comet and
Encomium." This bill also passed the Senate, and
became a law. At the last session we passed two-
bills to pay over moneys held in trust for the
same purpose. These cases were not to take the
treasure of the people of the free States to pay for
slaves, but to pay over moneys that did not belong
to us, but which we held for the use of those who
claimed it. But from the dawn of the Revolution
to this day, being more than seventy years, this
House has expressed but one opinion on this sub-
ject. They have at all times refused to tax the people
of the North, to pay for the slaves of the South. We
have never regarded them as property. But an
attempt is now making to change the essential
elements of our Government. Statesmen, now, in
the high councils of the nation, deny that " all men
are created equal;" that " they are endowed by their
Creator with the unalienable right to their lives and
their liberties;''' or, ihat " Governments are instituted
among men to secure the enjoyment of those rights."
It is now urged, that this Government was insti-
tuted for the purpose of robbing men of those
rights; of disrobing a portion of our rate of their
humanity, and reducing them to the state of brutes,
and making them the property of others. Will
northern members assist to commit this outrage
upon the^honorof the nation and constitutional
rights of the northern States? Is there a member
from the-free States who will vote to tax his con-
stituents to pay for the blood, and bones, and
muscles, of southern slaves? If so, let them place
their names on record,in favor of this bill, and let
that record descend to coming generations, as a
lasting memento of the principles which guide
them.
I have how referred to the history of our legis-
lation on this subject. The action of our commit-
tees was well commented upon by my friend from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Wilson.] 1 wish, how-
ever, to add a few words on this point. I am not
aware that any committee of this House ever re-
ported in favor of payipg for slaves, until the first
session of the 27th Congress—being more than
sixty-five years from the formation of the Gov-
ernment.
In 1830, my predecessor, the Hon.'E. Whit-
tlesev, reported .upon the case of Francis Larche.
This was the case alluded to by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt.] I understood
him to say that the slave of Larche was not im-
pressed.
Mr. BURT. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I take it back, then.
Mr. BURT. The statement which I made was
this: that no case could be adduced in which a
refusal to pay for a slave had been mad'e, on the
ground that he is not property. The gentleman is
totally mistaken. -
Mr. GIDDINGS. I certainly understand the
gentleman now, and 1 refer-particularly tt> the case
of D'Autrieve, which was rejected on this identical
point, and is so averred in the report-ef the com-
mittee, as I have already stated; and that, too,
when these southern men were members of the
committee, and they united in the report.
But to return to the case of Larche. The Com-
mittee on Claims of the Senate (vide Rep. H. R. !
401, 1st session 21st Congress) say, in distinct
language, that " the cart, horse, and negro man
Antoina, belonging to the petitioner, were impressed,
and sent to the lines of the American army, on the
1st day of January, 1815, where the negro man was
' killed by a cannon ball from the British batteries."
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
assures ufrfliat he was not impressed. 1 can hardly
suppose that he was authorized thus distinctly to
deny the accuracy of that report, in a matter of
fact. However that may be, it is certain that the
committee understood that the man was impressed.
They therefore acted upon that hypothesis: and
with that belief the committee unanimously re-
ported against the bill. No stronger case can be <
imagined. The horse, cart, and negro, were im-'
pressed, as the committee repotted and believed, i
The petitioner was paid for the properly—that is, !
the horse and cart, but the claim for the slave was
rejected. Yet, sir, they had .not the advantages of
knowing the sentiments of t^ie framers of the Con-
stitution which we possess. They were uncon-
scious that the members of the Convention-de-
"clared, that " they ought to be cartful to give no
sanction to slavery;" that they should do nothing
by which " it could be implied that slaves were.prop-
erty;'" " that it was wrong to admit thatjhere could be
property in man.'1 I repeat, that to the best of my
knowledge, (and I have bestowed much labor upon
the subject,) no report was made in favor of pay-
ing for'slaves from the public treasury during the
first half century which this Government existed
under the present Constitution.
In the 27th Congress, the claim of James Wat-
son for slaves was committed to the Committee of
Claims, of which I was myself chairman. The
friends of the claim, by some means, learned that
that committee had always reported against the
payment for slaves. They therefore obtained the
transfer of that case to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, who reported a bill to pay for the slaves
claimed by Watson. Tfiat report, made seven
years since, was the first in favor of paying for
slaves as property, so far as my knowledge ex-
tends, ever made to this body. During the same
session, a report from the Committee on Territo-
ries was made of the "bill for the relief of the
people of West Florida," to which I have already
alluded,, and which was rejected by the House.
Mr. BURT. Will the gentleman allow me the
floor a moment?
Mr. GIDDINGS. With pleasure.
Mr. BURT. I"stated in committee the other
day, in reply to the/interrogatory of the gentleman
from Ohio, that Mr. Whittlesey, in his report on
Larche's case, quoted the report of the Senate. I
stated further, that Mr. Williams, to whom the
gentleman from Ohio alluded, made a report in the
Senate^ on this case of Larche, saying that there
was no evidence that the slave ii&d been impressed
at all. I stated further, that I had examined the
Senate files in that case; and there is no evidence
there, except the depositions of one or two men,
(in the absence of any order,) that he was im-
pressed at all.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Here is the historical record,
the documentary proof, on which we are bound
to act. I ask the gentleman from South Carolina
if he intends to overthrow it by his sidebar testi-
mony?
Mr. BURT. What is it?
Mr. GIDDINGS. That this man was im-
pressed ?
Mr. BURT. I do, sir. There is no evidence
of the fact.
' Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I leave the gentleman
to take issue with the history. The documentary
evidence is, that this slave was impressed; that he
was taken to the American lines, and from thence
sent to the Indian country.
[This extract was not furnished.]
Here (said Mr. G.) is the declaration of the
committee. I don't know whether it is true or
not.
Mr. BURT. Will the gentleman have the
fairness 
Mr. GIDDINGS. Certainly.
Mr. BURT, (continuing the sentence) now
to read Mr. Williams's report in the Senate on the
same case. That is upon t'he record also.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman under-
take to say that Lewis "Williams made a report in
the Senate?
Mr. BURT. I say a Mr. Williams. I don't
know that it was Leiois Williams. 1 have not
known the public records as long as the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (in his seat.) Nor so well
either.
Mr. BURT. I said Mr. Williams did make a
report.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I said Lewis Williams did
make a report} at the head of the Committee on
Claims in this House, among whom were three
southern slaveholders, who gave their approval of
the report, which stated that this slave', together
with the horse and cart, were impressed, and that
he was killed by a shot from the enemy's battery.
At tlje period to whicli I was referring when in-
terrupted, I had been placed at the head of'the
Committee on Claims, by the then Speaker of this
House, [Hon. John White, of Kentucky,] of
whom, though a slaveholder, I can never speak
except with profound respect. There were at that
time many claims for slaves before that committee.
In this Hall, before the House, I was interrogated
by a slaveholder [Mr. Wise, of Virginia] on this
subject. I was asked distinctly whether our com-
mittee mould report in favor of paying for slaves? I
answered, that I would follow the established
practice on that subject. He replied, that my
answer was evasive, but that the established prac-
tice was not to pay for slaves. It so happened,
that on the 21st March, 1842, 1 introduced certain
resolutions declaring the rights of the people of
the free States to be exempt from the support of
the slave trade. For this I was driven from ray
seat. Another member was added to the Commit-
tee on Claims; and then, sir, during my absence,
just eight days after I left the committee, this case
was urged upon the members, who were most of
them inexperienced in their duties, and unac-
quainted with the precedents. I left this Hall on
the 22d March, and on the 1st day of April fol-
lowing a bill was reported by a slaveholding mem-
ber of that committee, to pay foe this man Lewis.
This was the first case of the kind that ever received
a favorable report from that-particular committee;
and thai report was obtained in the manner just
stated. It was in the sixty-seventh year of Amer-
ican independence, and the fifty-thicd of our Con-
stitution. This is the history of this subject, and
of this bill. It was reported seven years since by
a Whig committee. We are yet to see whether
this House can be induced to pass it.
Sir, we have'the power to overturn the practice
of'this body from its first formation; we may
overthrow its established and-time-honored prin-
ciples; we may defeat the objects of those who
framed the Constitution; we may subvert the es-
sential elements of that sacred compact $hich we
- are sworn to support; we may attempt to change
the law of our existence—to deface the work of
God, and declare his image to he property; we may
do all this at the bidding of the slave power; we
may humble ourselves in the presence of those
who hold the rod of terror over us: but there is a'
superior Power that will hold us to a strict account
of our stewardship. Sir, the eyes of the people
are upon us; they are watching our actions. The
concentrated lays of intelligence now brought to
tear upon all our doings, render it impossible for
us to deceive them. No evasion, no subterfuge
will screen those who wo.uld render northern free-
men subsidiary to the support of southern slavery.
To this day there has been in this Hall suffi-
cient independence and patriotism to reject all
propositions of this humiliating characler. As I
have said, we are now driven to legislate by south-
ern slaveholders, under the lash of the South.'
Mr. BURT. 1 hope the gentleman from Ohio
will allow me this opportunity to disclaim utterly
and indignantly any such imputation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Withdraw it then.
Mr. BURT. I venture to appeal to this whole
committee, who heard my remarks.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I thought when the gentle-
man said he would hold northern gentlemen to this
point, whether a slave was property, " no loop hole
to escape," that it looked a little like the language of
intimidation, a little of the crack of the whip. And
I will say to the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Rockwell,] that I took it a little unkindly.
Sir, when I reflect that I am now constrained to
sit in this Hall to legislate upon the price of human
flesh as property, I feel humbled. Before the nation,
before Heaven, I protest against this degradation.
By what rule shall I arrive at the value of this
man 1 He is said to be very intelligent and learned,
reading and writing four languages. In this re-
spect he has, probably, few equals in this Hall.
I mean no offence by this comparison, either to
gentlemen now present, or to the negro who is
absent. I regard the moral qualities of a man as
the proper criterion by which to graduate my re-
spect. In this light, 1 know not whether the com-
parison be unjust to him or to those who estimate
his value at precisely a thousand dollars. I would be
as willing to enter into an inquiry as to the value
of the body of the honorable member'repoiting
this bill, as I am to estimate the value of a man
who, as a linguist, probably has not a dozen equals
in this body. If we are to judge of him by the
report of the committee, if pHced in this body, he
might have reflected honor upon our country and
our race. The splendor of his genius might have
soared far above the groveling intellects now en-
