1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
gao-ed in figuring up his value in dollars and cents.
His name might have been placed in future history
beside that of Wirt, of Henry, of Burke, and of
Sheridan; or perhaps his philanthropy might have
placed him on. the roll of fame with Adams and
Wilberforce. And yet we are now sitting here to
'inquire as to the value of this immortal mind, to
estimate itS price in " glittering dust." My soul
shrinks from the impious sacrilege with loathing
end disgust. But this etherial, immortal intellect,
•was bound in the chains of bondage, shut out from
that sphere of usefulness and of action in which
God designed it to move; and we'are now asked
to compensate this claimant for committing this
•wrong to mankind, this crime against God. I am
anxious to see how northern members estimate
their fellow-men. What price do they put upon
their constituents? Let their votes give the answer.
On a former occasion, I cited the opinion of an
eminent jurist (Judge McLean) on this subject.
In the case of Groves us. Slaughter and others,
(15 Peters' Reports, 449,) this question came dis-
tinctly before the Supreme Court of the United
States. The constitution of Mississippi had pro-
hibited the introduction of slaves into that State
after a certain day. Slaves were taken there and
sold on a credit after the time allowed by the con-
stitution of that State.' Suit was commenced on
the note given in consideration of the slaves^ The
defence set up was, that the contract was illegal
and void under the constitution of that State, which
prohibited the sale therein of slaves from without
the State The reply to this was, that slaves were
property, and therefore the State of Mississippi had
no power to prohibit their introduction into the
State, as the power to regulate commerce between
the States belonged only to Congress. In deciding
the law, Judge McLean said:
44 Bv the laws of certain Stilted, skives are treated us prop-
erty;'and the constitution ot Mississippi prohibits their
being brought into that State by citizens of other State* for
sale or as merchandise. Merchandise is a comprehensive
term, and may include every aiticle ot traffic, whether tor-
ei<m or domestic, wmch is piopeily embiac-ed by a commer-
cial iAffiliation. 'But if slaves are ooiiMrieied in souieot the
States as merchandise, that cannot divest tlicni ot the lead-
ing and contiollim? quality of persons, by which me> are
designated m the Constitution m'~'
The chai actei of the piop-
orry is mven them by the local law. This law ^ respited,
ami all rights under itare protected by the I ederal authori-
ties; but the Constitution acts upon slaves as pei^ons an*
not piopeity."
But one member of that court dissented from
these views. It may therefore be regarded as an
authority, so far as the Judiciary are concerned.
If the doctrine contended for by the friends of
this bill be correct; if slaves be property, slave
markets may be opened m Boston, and Massa-
chusetts will have no power to prohibit theie the
revolting scenes which are witnessed in this city.
If the doctrine contended for by southern men be
correct, no State can exclude slave markets from
its territory, or consecrate its soil to freedom. It
well becomes southern gentlemen to examine.this
subject before they base themselves upon the prin-
ciple that slaves are property. Let that be estab-
lished, and Congress will have power to prohibit
the internal slave trade ^it its pleasure.
I now proceed to another branch of the case.
With ureat .propriety the gentleman from New
Hampshire inquired, at what time the liability of
Govern men t to pay for this slave commenced?
The question has not been answered, nor do I think
it can be answered. The undertaking was hazard-
ous m the highest degree. The troops weie all
killed but two or three by the enemy, and those
were supposed to be dead. This man alone escaped
unhurt, I believe. .This danger was foreseen, and
the master put a price upon the services to compare
with the risk. Old this contract bind the Govern-
ment to pay for the master's loss, admitting the
slave to have been property ? Was it any part of
the compact that the Government should insure
the property ? It strikes me that no lawyer would
answer in the affirmative. The law of bailment is
surely understood by every tyro in the profession.
The bailee for hire is bound to exercise the same
degree of care over the property that careful men
take ot their own property. If, then, the property
be lost, the owner sustains such loss. Now, con-
ceding this man to be property, the Government
would not have been liable had he run away, or
been killed by accident, or died of sickness. Yet,
sir, when property is lost or destroyed by the act
of God or the common enemies of the country,
no bailee is ever holden responsible—not even com-
mon carriers: and that is the highest species of
bailment. Had this officer, acting on his own re-
sponsibility, agreed to take this negro through the ,
country for hire, (admitting the man to have been j
property, and governed by the same rules of law
as though he had been a mule or an ass,)" and he
! had been captured by the enemy, no law would
: have held such bailee liable. But, sir, an entirely
j different rule of law prevails where the owner of a
! chattel lets it to a bailee for wages. Had this man
been a mule or an ass, and the officer had hired
; him of the owner for wages to ride through that
; country, or to work in a team, or in any other
j manner, and he had been captured by the enemy,
i the bailee would not have been liable upon any rule
' of law or of justice; nor would he have been liable
■ if lost in any other manner, except by neglect of
1 the bailee.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
said he would place this case upon strictly legal
principles. Sir, I meet the gentleman on that prop-
osition. I, too, for the sake of the argument, am
willing to submit it on principles of law; and I
believe that no jurist, or-even justice of the peace,
would hesitate to reject the claim on those grounds.
All must admit that the liability of the Government
concerning this man ceascd when he was captured
by the enemy: up to this point, the Government
was not liable. I understood the author of this bill
[Mr. Burt] to argue, however, that we became
liable under the contract of bailment. That con-
tract was ended when the man was captured. The
claimant then failed to perform his part of it. The
stipulation on the part of the master was, that the
negro should pilot the troops from Tampa Bay to I
Fort King, the place of their destination, at the 1
rate of twenty-five dollais per month. He was
captured when only half the distance was accom-
plished. Here the master ceased to perform his
compact: it was beyond his power to do so. The
Contract then ceased to exist; and from that time
forth the claimant had no demand on us, either in
equity or in law.
I now enter upon another view of this case.
It is shown by the testimony of General Jesup,
that this man was supposed to have kept up an
understanding with the enemy, from the time he
\ united with Dade's command until the massacre of
: that unfortunate battalion; that while he was with
the enemy, which was more than two years, he
united m committing depredations upon the fron-
| tier settlements; in short, that he was one of the
| enemy. Our army was sent there to protect this
the nation; could General Jesup have left him in .
Florida, consistently with his duty? I think not.
Here another important question arises: had the
claimant any right to keep an enetny so dangerous
within any civilized community ? Is there a mem-
ber "of this body who will rise in his place and
assert that any master jiossesses the right to retain
such a foe on his plantation ? Has any man the
right to keep a rabid dog, or other animal, and
suffer him to go at large in the community ? I am
now arguing the legal question. 1 am considering
I this man as property, the same as though he were
i an ass or a mule. And I lay it down as clear and -
, indisputable law, that had such mule or ass killed
] the people, and destroyed their property, as .this
man had done, any member of the community
might either have shot him or chased him out of
the neighborhood with impunity.
I therefore meet the gentleman who reported
this bill on every point involved in this case, legal,
equitable, or constitutional,and I can find no merits
in it. ,
But, sir, as I am for the moment engaged in a
legal examination of the case, I desire to follow it
a little further. This man was guilty of treason
against the United States, or he wa3 an enemy to
our Government. I think it doubtful whether
slaves can eommit treason, as they owe no alle-
giance to our Government. But if he was not a
traitor, he was" surely an enemy to the country.
Now, sir, whether traitor or enemy, and the mas-
ter, knowing the fact, " had harbored him," " ad-
hered to him," or " given him aid and comfort,"
would not the master have been guilty of the
crime of misprision of treason against the United
States, and punishable under our laws? Of this,
I think there is no doubt. And yet we are called
upon-to pay him a thousand dollars for taking
away a man thus dangerous to himself, who, if
he had remained with him, would probably sub-
jected him to the gallows. Let gentlemen reflect
and vote as men, as intelligent statesmen.
Another question arises in this case which, to
me, is equally fatal to the claim. A state of war
existed. General Jesup was the commanding of-
ficer in Florida. He was the agent of the Gov-
ernment, and whatever the Government might do
to insure the safety of the people, their agent for
the time being could accomplish under the mar-
tial law. By the term "martial law," I mean
the war power, which is the most dangerous, the
most indefinite, the most unlimited, exercised
among nations. I do not refer to the rules and
claimant,Ynd his wife and children and neighbors, articles of war. It is that vague, indefinite, unde-
against this very man, who, in company with j finable power which knows no limits. It is tha,
others, murdered the people of Florida, and "de-
stroyed their property. This expenditure of blood
and treasure by the United States was occasioned
in part by this very negro, for whom the master
now claims compensation. With his extraordinary
intelligence, with a knowledge of the wrongs which ^
he and his people had suffered at the hands of ,j
those who claimed them as property, he must have j|
thirsted for vengeance. He could have felt no Ij
attachment, no respect, for a people at whose i
hands he had received nothing but abuse arid deg- |l
radation. It was natural that he should have !!
sought revenge; and it was natural that his master |
should become his victim, if within his power, j
But our army was sent there to piotect the people '(
against their slaves who were with the Indians, j
and their effective allies. It was under these cir-
cumstances that Lewis was capturcd, with other
enemies. General Jesup says that he would have |
tried and hanged him, if he could have found [
time. This, under martial law, he might undoubt-
edly have done. And the gentleman who reported
this bill admitted that in such case this claim
would never have been piesented. Suppose he
bad been slam in battle: I think we should never
have heard of this claim. But why had General
power which, in time of war, may do anything
in the power of man to accomplish; may com-
mand any sacrifice of thg people, or of any portion
of them, in order to secure the safety of the Gov-
ernment, and of-the subjects generally. It is that
power which authorizes the military commander,
m short, to do whatever he deems necessary for
the jsecurity of the public: by which, suspected
men were arrested and imprisoned in Connecticut
and New York during the Revolution: by which,
others were ordered to leave the country: and by
which, others were shot down, their dwellings
burned, and their estates confiscated. It is the
power exercised in South Carolina, during the
Revolution, by Sumter, and by Marion, andtheir
compatriots.
It was by virtue of this power that Jackson, at
New Orleans, suspended the writ of habeas corpus
 adjourned the Legislature of Louisiana—ordeied
old men and boys, not liable to do military duty by
law, on to the lines to defend the city—sent all
foreigners out of the cittj, as he regarded them dan-
gerous, as this man was supposed t-o be—suf-
fered no communication between the city and
; country—ordered a portion of the slaves also into
service, and sent the others back into the mtenor.
Ut Wily <Jvllclui mi"    .
Tesuo ariWit to hang him? Because he was an Many of those slaves were killed, but we have at
enemy, dangerous to the peopleand to the Govern- j, all times refused to pay for them. y
ment. Bu^who will fo/a foment hesitate to say !. one deny tb«,e ■anhrnj
its sstiTOsswassca =; ssrsjstt.«.- «-
it would have been, had the negro been slam or ; commanded aetgau, a| the^e >
hanged? Not at all. , He had beenarms, .. perha^ a^le^n^ A
He was
had^ommnted depredations upon the people; he ;; tends in that ^aff™e^ree"UUrtI'S
had occasioned much loss of blood and treasure to ot a mile, bounde_d fey a dense tot est.
