176
THE ecMSEESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6.
posted in this forest. As the British column ad-
vanced, the' brave lieutenant, with his little- hand,
retreated in-front of them, keeping up his fire in
gallant style, in order to .retard their progress, and
give notice to'our men in the fort, and time for
them'to prepare to receive the enemy. A gal-
lant officer had command tof a heavy park of
artillery oa that wing of the fort. And as the
British column emerged fronj the -forest, and he
sawit.3 force, he opened a tremendous fire upon it.
Our little guard and their brave com«noander were
directly between the fort and the advancing col-
umn of. the British „army. They of course fell
beneath the same fire that cut down the hostile
column. As the story is related, General Brown
was informed of the fact, and sent peremptory
' orders to the officer to cease his fire. To this
order he paid no attention, but kept up such a
shower of grape and canister, tfiat the British col-
umn was broken and scattered before they reached
the fort, so that not a man scaled its walls. But the
whole of our picket guard, with their commander,
were sacrificed; not a man survived. For this
conduct the officer was arrested, and on trial showed
conclusively that the sacrifice of our own guard of
thirty men was, necessary to save the fort ar ' those
in it. They, sir, were freemen. Their live j were
surrendered for the safety of .the army. These
five southern gentlemen, who reported tins bill,
now-'insist that the widows and orphan children of
those men shall contl'ibute a portion of their sub-
stance to pay for a southern sla-ve, who, for the
safety of his own master as well as others, was
sent but of the neighborhood. If there be a north-
ern man in_ this body willing to lend his vote to
consummate such an insult to the honor of the free
States, let him stand forth and avow it. Were it
not chilling to the feelings of humanity, I would
give another illustration of this indefinite and un-
limited power. 1 refer to the execution of those
lads on board the sloop of war " Somers," a few
years since, when several midshipmen and ap-
prentices were hanged by order of a lieutenant,
without trial, in order to secure the safety of the
ship and crew. Shall we now tax the fathers and
brothers of those young men to pay for this slave ?
But, sir, to come more immediately to the precise
case before us, I refer gentlemen to the Southamp-
ton riots in 1832. The newspapers of that day
informed us that slaves, and indeed colored free-
men, were shot down in the streets, others sent to
prison, and others sent out of the neighborhood.
Shall northern men be taxed to pay for them?
Certainly, if you pass this bill, we must expect to
open the treasury to the slaveholders in all these
and in ten thousand other qases. By virtue of this
same power exercised at Southampton,' General
Jesup, in order to secure,the safety of the people
of Florida, sent this man Lewis with the Indians
west of the Mississippi; and now the master, in-
stead of paying the expense of arresting this man;
instead of refunding to this Government and to the j
people of Florida the losses he has occasioned by
bringing this slave among them; instead of paying
the property this man destroyed—he comes here
and demands that we should pay him a thousand
dollars for preventing Lewis from killing more
people and destroying more property. 5
I have now stated my own views in regard to
the po<vers of Genera) Jesup to send this man out
of the neighborhood. If he possessed these pow-
ers to deal with him as with any other enemy, no
man will urge that we are in law or justice bound
to pay for him. Admitting, however, for the sake
of the argument, that General Jesup had no right
to deal with him as an enemy, but that he was
bound, under the order of the War Department,
to deliver him over as a slave; that he disobeyed
this order,and sent him west upon his own respon-
sibility and in violation of his duty; in such case,
-I ask, is there a member on this floor who for a
moment would suppose the people bound to pay
for a slave taken by General Jesup, in violation of
his duty and of positive orders from the War De- i
partment?
Every member must be aware that the .rules |
which control a public agent are the same as those
which govern in private life. Suppose I employ
a roan to act as my agent. While he confines him-
self to the business omwhich he is authorized to
act, I am bound in lawand in justice by hiscontract.
buppose I employ my friend on my right to fro
and -purchase a horse for me: he makes a contract
lor the horse in my namet I ani bound by it;
afid inust perform it. But suppose' he purchase a
farm in my name: no man would suppose me
obligated to take the farm.
Military officers are the agents of Government,
to do all things pertaining to their office, and which
come Within the line of their duties. General'
Jesup was an agent to send out of Florida all
enemies of the country; but he was not' our agent
to send the friends of Government west of the
Mississippi.. If he has done so, the act is his,
not ours. It was unauthorized, and he alone is
liable. Now I understand the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Burt] to urge that he was
an enemy, and dangerous to the country. I admit
the fact, and say that he should be treated as an
enemy. But if he were not an enemy, then there
is no claim on the Government.
But the committee are not content with urging
that he was an enemy to the country, and danger-
ous; they suddenly change the argument, and say
that he was taken for public nse. An enemy to ihe
nation is taken for public use! Well, sir, the argu-
ment is ingenious. It never found a place in the
mind of Grotius or Puffendorf, or of any writer
upon the law of nations or the rights of govern-
ment. But the point was adopted by the argument
of the gentleman from South Carolhia, and perhaps
I ought to nonce it- For what use was he taken ?
To what use was he applied ? The gentleman ad-
mits the right to shoot or to hang him. Would
not that have been as much a " taking for public
use" as it was to banish him ? The use of sending
htm out of the country was the preservation of the
lives and property of the people. That would have
been equally attained by shooting or hanging the
negro. But the reply to this is, that he was prop-
erty. Well, I repeat, suppose he had been a rabid
dog or a vicious mule, killing people and destroy-
ing their property, and General Jesup had shot or
chased him out of the country to prevent him from
killing his master or others: would the Govern-
ment have been liable? I will not argue the point
further.
Again: it is said, that by the act of hiring, we
admitted the slave to be property, and that the
Government is now estopped from denying that
fact. We are bound to treat all arguments on this
floor with respect. But to suppose that this ob-
scure lieutenant, who, perhaps, never read a com-
mentary on the Constitution, and who, I dare say,
never dreamed that he"was affecting, or doing any-
thing to affect, our rights or our duties: I say, to
suppose that his acts would estop Congress from
maintaining the Constitution, or that such acts
would have any weight whatever with this body,
is 6 proposition - which I will not detain the
House to examine. He was our agent for the
purposes .of doing his military duty; but we never
authorized him to legislate for us, or to give con-
struction to our constitutional rights. Why, sir,
I may hire out my son or apprentice or my hired
servant: but would that be an admission that they
were my properly ? Or suppose I agree that the
gentleman from South Carolina fMr. Burt] shall
attend the Speaker to a given place: does that im- ,
ply that I hold him as property? No, sir; the i
only fact implied is, that I have a right to receive I
the wages when the iabor or duty is performed, !
according to my contract. In this case, the claim-
ant agreed that Lewis should accompany the .
tropps, and the officer agreed to pay the master i
twenty-five dollars per month. The claimant may !
have made the same arrangement in regard to any
freeman as he did in regard to Lewis; and when
the labor was performed, he would have the same
right to the money. But in such case, would the
Government be obligated to pay him for the body
of such freeman. No doubt the same obligations
would rest upon the hirer that now rests on the
Government, and no more.
But the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Burt] says, that the act o.f 1815, levying direct
taxes, recognizes slaves as property. That law
provides, "that such tax shall constitute a lien
upon the real estate and upon all slaves of individ-
uals upon whom said taxes shall be assessed."
My presumption is, that this bill was drawn by !
some southern man who did not reflect that slaves 1
were less property under the Federal Constitution 1
Ulan they were under the laws of the slave States .
the gentleman does not pretend that at the pas- '
sage of that law, the question whether slaves were 1
persons or property, was raised or discussed or I
thought of. I need not say, that-a bill passed, I
sub $Hentio-> constitutes no precedent. In our courts
of justice, the judge takes no notice of questions -•
not made by the parties, nor do the proceedings of
a court form any authority on points not raised '3
nor discussed by counsel, nor examined by ths
court.
The case of Depeyster, to which I referred was * Vj
a stronger case than that of the law of 1815. ' My 'K
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] as well -}
as myself, stated that that case passed when no one' v
knew it, I knew that my lamented-friend (Mr.
Adams) and myself, both intended to oppose its
passage, and we were both watching it;, but it got
through when we were unconscious of it. Does i
any man—I will not say lawyer—suppose that its
passage constitutes any precedent showing that -
slaves are property ? Yet this law of 1815, so faras r
we know, received no more attention, (or at least
that part of it relating to slaves,) than did the act
for the relief of Depeyster. It can, therefore, con-
stitute no precedent.
The force of a'precedent consists in the respect
which we pay to the judgment of a former Con-
gress., It is therefore necessary, to give a pre-
cedent any force whatever, that the judgment of the '
tribunal should have been-exercised upon theques-
tion; and it is immaterial whether it be a judicial
or legislative precedent. Thus, in each case that I'
have cited as precedents either in this House or
in committees, you noticed the questions now under
consideration were discussed, and deliberation had,
and a judgment given upon the point before us.
Now, sir, let me say, with all due respect to south-
ern gentlemen, that I challenge them" to produce an,
instance in which this Jffouse, or the Supreme
Court of the United States, or any respectable
court of any free State, has decided slaves to be
property under the Federal Constitution, in any ease
where that question has been raised, discussed, or
examined. I desire to see gentlemen come to a
definite issue on this subject. I wish to meet them
fairly and distinctly. They must admit that the
framers of the Constitution intended to exclude*
from that instrument the idea that there could be
property in man. To that point I intend to hold
them. And I call upon them to meet the record
j of Mr. Madison, to which I have referred. Let
j ^iem deny that record, or carry out the intentions
of the framers of that instrument. - *
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
says he Si should like to know what was contem-
plated by that clause in the Constitution which
stipulates for the surrender of fugitive slaves, unless
it be that their owners hold property in them?"
I answer, that clause means just what it says. It
gives to the holder of slaves the right to pursue
and recapture them in a free State, precisely as it
gives me the right to*pursue and retake my ap-
prentice or my son in any State to which he may.
escape. It no more admits the slave to beproperty
than it admits the apprentice or the minor to be
property. I am tired of hearing this clause of Ihe
Constitution quoted to prove almost every doc-
trine advanced by southern men. "Its provisions
are of the most plain and obvious character. It
merely provides for the recapture and return of
slaves, and'noihing more.
j But my hour is nearly expired. I and my con-
{ stituents hold slavery to be a crime of the deepest
dye. The robbing a man of his money or prop-
erty, or the seizing of his ship upon the high seas,
i we regard as grievous offences, which should ex-
; elude the perpetrator from human associations for
j the time being. But we look upon those crimes
as of small importance when compared with that
of robbing a man of his labor, his liberty, his ,
1 social, his intellectual enjoyments; to disrobe him
I of his humanity, to degrade and brutalize him.
j On this account we protest solemnly against being
; involved in the wickedness and in,the crimes of
i that institution. To-day we are asked to pay our
; money for the liberty of our feliow-man. We hold
i that he was endowed with that liberty by his Cre-
ator; that it is impious, and in the highest degree
criminal, for one man, or for a government, to rob
any portion of our race of their God-given rights.
As the representative of a Christian and a moral
constituency, I deny the right of Congress to in-
volve them or me in the support of such crimes,
By our compact of Union, no such power is dele-
gated to Congress. By the passage of this bill,
we shall become slave dealers ourselves—traders
in humanity. The people of one State shrink from *
the foul contagion. With Mr. Gerry, we hold
