THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
printed
an1) published
at the city of washington,
by blair &
rives.
30TH CoNfiRKSS,
2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1849.
New Series,
 No. 12.
that "we have nothing to do with slavery in the States,
but we will be careful not to give it any sanation
with Mr. Madison, we hold that" it would be wrong
to admit that there can be property in man;" and with
the signers of the Declaration of American Inde-
pendence, we hold that it is a "self-evident truth,that
all men are created equal." We believe oar rights to
enjoy these doctrines unmolested by this Govern-
ment are as clear and ind isputable as are the 1 ights of
the slave States to deny them in theory and m prac- j j
ticc. We claim no superiority of privileges under I.
the compact. We admit them, under the Constitu- ij
tion, to enjoy their slavery unmolested byCongress I
or by the "free States. Its blessings and its curses;
its honors and its disgrace, are theirs. We neither j
claim the one, nor will we share in the other. We j
will have no participation in its guilt. " It is the ;
object of our perfect hate." Southern gentlemen j
may continue to misrepresent us, by saying that .
we seek to interfere with that institution in the j
States; but, thank God, we have at last obtained ac- i
cess to the public ear. The people of the free States
now understand that all our efforts, politically, aie :
based upon the constitutional right of being ex- i
empt from its support. For years 1 have made it |
a practice, in almost every speech 1 have made in :
this Hall, to guard against misrepresentation, by j
avowing my doctrines. I am aware of the efforts !
now making by northern presses, letter-writers i
from this city, ana editors who pander to the ;
slave power, to misrepresent my views, and assail !
my motives. Sir, let me say to those men before
Heaven : If they will come up to the woilf, unite I
their influence, and separate this Government from i
the support of slavery and the slave trade, and i
leave that institution where the Constitution placed j
it—with the States in which it exists—with grati- r
tude to God, and with love and good will to alt my
fellow-men, I will retire from "these halls to the ,
obscurity of private life. '
Sir, I may, on the present occasion, disabuse !
myself of the imputation that I wish to embairass
the friends of the incoming Administration. Those
who have done me the honor to observe my course
in this Hall for the last ten years, must do me the
justice to say, that my efforts here have been
against no party. I desire to see every member
of every party lend his influence to suppoit the
Constitution of my country and the rights of hu-
manity. Sir, I war upon 110 party. My assaults
have ever been upon existing evils. I wish to see the
people of I he free States purified from the support,
the crimes, the contagion of slavery? I would oppose
any member or any party who seeks to uphold the
slave trade or slavery by Congressional laws, or
lends his influence to continue within this Dis-
trict, or on the high seas, a commerce in human
flesh. I know that the sympathies, the consciences,
and the judgment of the people are with me. Recent
events have demonstrated the power of truth. Its
omnipotence is irresistible. It is roiling onward.
No political paltering, no party evasions, no decep-
tions, no dodging of responsibility, will satisfy the
people. No; gentlemen must come up to the
work; they must take their position upon the hue
of the Constitution, and maintain the lights of the
free as well as of the slave States, or they will be
overwhelnned by the indignation of a ftee and vir-
tuouspcople. Gen.Taylorand his friends w'Uhave
an opportunity of gaming immortal honors, and of
deserving and receiving the gratitude oi tfte Amer-
ican people. Let them at once abolish slavery and
the slave trade in this District, and upon the high
seas; let this Government cease to oppress and de-
grade our race; let us cease to legislate for slavery;
let the powers and influence of Government be ex-
erted to promote human liberty, to elevate man-
kind in his moral and physical being; and honors
of men, and the blessings ot Heaven, and the grat-
itude of this and of coming generations, shall be
theirs.
The hour being expired—
The SPEAKER gave the floor—for which there
were several competitors—to
Mr. HILLIARD, who was understood to say,
that he had not risen for the purpose of replying
to the speech of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
12
Giddings.] The question had already been fully
discussed. He did not think that the House could
be benefited by further debate upon it. He was
not unwilling to risk the issue of the case upon
the speech which had been this day made.
He had risen for the purpose of doing that which
he believed it was well to do in most of these cases:
instead of discussing general principles connected
with existing topics, it would be better for the
House, if it could, to proceed to vote at once. The
object of all discussion should be to spread light on
a subject that might come up, so that the House
might arrive at an enlightened conclusion. When
that light had been given, it was their duty to vote.
He would therefore move the previous question.
If the House desired to sustain the motion, it could
do so; if not, if gentlemen desired to speak and the
House desired to hear them, the motion would not
be sustained.
The question on the demand for the previous
question was then taken, and decided in the af-
firmative.
So there was a second.
And the House decided that the main question
should be now taken, (which main question was
on the motion of Mr. Giddin'gs to reconsider the
vote by which the bill had been ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.)
Mr. GIDDINGS now rose and said, that to
save the time of the House, he would withdraw
the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is j
withdrawn. The question before the House is,
"Shall this hill pass2"
Mr. DICKEY asked the vea>5 and nays on that
question; which were ordered.
And the question, "Shall this bill pass?'1 was
then taken.
And the SPEAKER declared the result to be—
in the affirmative 00, in the negative 89. ^
[The twelfth rule of the House provides, {t that ,
* in all cases of election by the House, the Speaker j
* shall vote; in other cases he shall not vole, unless ■
{ the House be equally divided, or unless his vote,
' if j*iven to the minority, will make the division (
'equal; and in case of such equal division, the ;
' question shall be lost.''*] j
The SPEAKER proceeded to discharge the duty j
I] imposed by this rule. His remarks were taken :
r under great disadvantage of position, but are be- j
'j heved to be as follows: < ;
The SPEAKER. A case has occurred in which,
■ under the rule of the House, it is the duty of the J
'| Speaker to vote. The Speaker regrets that in j
;! this, as in many other cases, he has been deprived j
j! of the opportunity of listening to the full discussion >
: of the question, having heard no speech except j
that which has been made this morning, the debate j
having taken place mainly m Committee of the j
Whole on the private calendar. [;
The Speaker also has had little opportunity, if [,
any, to turn his attention to the principles orthe .1
facts involved m tins case. He cannot shrink,
however, from giving his vote. But it is a well ad-
mitteu Parliamentary pnnciple, laid down in the
books, that where the Speaker, has any doubt in ■[
; relation to a question, his vote shall be given in j;
such a way as not finally to conclude it. It shall j,
I he given in such a way "that the consideration of /
i the onestion may be again open to the House, if t|
I the House, under any circumstances, shall choose
,1 to reconsider it.
'j The Speaker takes the opportunity to say, i.
!| that he does not concur in full with either of the ;
,i principles which have been maintained on both ;1
II sides of the House. So far as the circumstances
'! of the case have come to his knowledge, he doubts ,
j| exceedingly whether the question of property ia \
:! slaves ia'involved. And it has been to him a mat- j
lj ter of great doubt from such part of the arguments !
;! as he has heard   j
'] At this point of his remarks, the Speaker was !
lj interrupted by the Cleik, who showed him a pa- j
IS per containing the state of the vole. j
j! The SPEAKER said the Clerk was mistaken j
[I in the vote. The vote stands—ninety-one in the j
*1 affirmative, eighty-nine in the negative, 1
The annunciation was received with varying
expressions of amusement, applause, or gratifica-
tion.
So the bill was passed by the following vote:
YEAS—Mes*is. Bauow,Birdsall, Bocock, Bovvhn,Boyd,
Hoyden, 'jnuiy, ftiid£u*, ISrodhend, W'nham G. Brown,
Clmile-. Brown, Albert G. Btown, Burt, Butler, Cab'-ll,
Chamnan. Clias-e,Ciapp,Franklin Clark, Beverly L.Claike,
Clir-V'-ia'!, Vv'jI'jd'usCi! R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Crt-field, Cro-
zier, Darnel, Doiindl. G.unetl bunc.ui, Dunn, Fe.ithrr ton,
Ficklin, Flmmm. French, Fu'fon, Gaines, Gayle, GoL'gni,
G^eea. Ilammons, Hannanson, flams, fiiii, Milliard, it-aae
E. Holmes, George rt. Houston, John VV. Houston, Inge,
iver.-on, Andrew Johnson* Robert VV. Johnson,
Grfonz? W. jo  s, Kaufman, La Sdre.LeJflei, Levjn, Lisron.
Lumpkin, McDowell, MeKav, MeLarie, Job Mann, Meade,
Morehcad, Ivloiso, Outlaw, Peyton, Phelps, Pieston, Rich-
ardson, Riehey, lio-e, Sh^pperd, Stanton, Stephens, Taylor,
: Tiiihorieaux, Thomas, James Thompson, Ja^ob Thompson,
| Richard VV. Thompson, John V.. Thompson, Tompkiny,
Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Wiley, Williams, find Wood-
! ward.
i NAY ! -'-Me-'sr*. Abbott. BeHier, Cinghrm, Black mar,
! O.nby,- -Cathcart, ColUim'et. Collins, CMiicer, Cians ton,
. Crow<-!l, Darling. Dickey. Dixon, Duer, Eekert, IVlwardf,
! Daibrei, Nathan Hvansj Faran, J'Vner, Freedlev, Fries,
1 Giddier, Gott, Gieelc, Gieyo«y, Gnnnell, N. K. Hall, Jas.
> (i. Hampton, Mo-es Ilami.. • 1. H> niev, Jknrv, Elias B.
i Holmes, Hubbard. Hud-or\ Jr James II. Johnson,
1 K«!lo<rg, Kcnnon, Drfni'I P K:n<,\ Ij-iinn, W ilham T. Law-
' renee" Sidney Lawier.e1, Lii,o. ' \ Lord. McCklland,
1 .Mellvaim-i, llora'-e iVIvuu Mai:'.' .*lar'm. Miller, Morn-',
; Muliin, NeNon, Xewei!. Pc,:,H'y, Is. a-lee, Peek, Petri*,
! I'eti.f, Pollack, Putnam, liounison. Rockliill. Julius Rock-
well, Julio A. Rockwell, Root, itimi^ey, St. John, Sawyer,
! Sheiv>!l, Silvester, Smart, Caleb B. Smith. Truman Smith,
1 Starkweather, Clia-icE. Stiprt, Sirohm, William Thomp-
son, Tlnn'-ton, Tuck, Van Dvke, Vmum, Wa-ren, VVent-
v/ortii, White, and Wilson.
[Tlie reporter does not attach the numbers to the negative
' and affirmative vole? as given in this li-t, because it will ha
j seen, by ref. renee to a sub-equent pait of the day's pro-
I ceodmgs, that the result is still in dispute.]
i Mr. BURT now rose, and said that he had
\ risen, not for the purpose of re-arguing: this ques-
] tion, but of mnvirn; a reconsideration of the vot6
by which the b-.W had been passed; and he moved
to lay that motion on the tab!*.
! And, oontinueel Mr. B., before that question ia
' taken, I move that there be a call of the House.
: Mr. PALFR.KY rose and asked the, attention of
the gentlemen from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt.]
!' The. SPEAKER. This motion for a call of the
II Elonsc is not debatable.
I! rvIr. PALFREY. Under the extraordinary
, 1 circumstances under which that bill has been
passed 
1 Mr. HURT. 1 do not yield the floor.
!! Mr. PALFREY. I ask the gentleman 
Mr. BURT. I trust the gentleman will not in-
terrupt 
The SPEAKER. The quest on is on the mo-
tion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. LINCOLN, (addressing the Chair). I have
had information brought to me in lelalion to the
record of my vote on the bill which has just been
passed. I desire to be informed by the Clerk how
my vote is recorded.
The Clh.uk. The vote is recorded in the nega-
tive.
Mr. LINCOLN. That is right.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, as the question he-
fore the House was one of some importance, he
would ask the yeas and nays on the motion for a
call of the Hcvse.
Avd tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Thequer.ion was then taken on the motion that
there be a call of the Kousc, and dcciued in the
negative—vfas 78, nays 10o.
So a call'of the House was refused.
The question then recurred on the motion to lay
on the table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BURT rose and said, that at the suggestion
of many of his friends about him, with a view to
save the time of the House, and as a call of tne
House had been refused, he would withdraw the
motion to reconsider.
So the motion to reconsider was withdrawn.
| COCKE rose, and renewed the motion to
reconsider, and mo\ed tliat tiiat motion be laid.
! uoon the table.
'Mr. PALFREY said, he renewed the motioa
! that there be a csll of th$ Hous©.
