178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 0,
Mr. HILLfARD rose to inquire if the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Palfrey] had
voted with the majority on the passage of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Palfrey] is, that
there be a call of the House.
Mr. PALFREY. I have nothing to do with
the motion to reconsider. It is not my motion.
Mr. BORT inquired of the Chair whether a
motion for a call of the House was in order at this
time?'
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Bort] would remember, that under
the practice of the House, a single motion inter-
vening had generally been considered enough to
permit a motion to be again made.
Mr. BURT. I do not understand that any mo-
tion has been put.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Cocke] has moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and that that
motion be laid on the table.
Mr. BURT. My motion was to reconsider the
vote by which the bill had been passed, and to lay
that motion on the table. I then said I would
move a call of the House, before the question was
taken on the motion to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman had per-
sisted in his two motions, the motion for a call of
the House would not now have been in order.
But the gentle.man withdrew them. The same
motions have been tenewed, and the same oppor-
tunity is afforded for a call;of the House now as
was afforded then.
Mr. COCKE. I withdraw my motion to re-
consider.
Mr. PALFREY rose to a point of order. He
submitted to the Chair, whether the fact that the
motion to reconsider, upon which motion a mo-
tion for a call of the House had supervened, had
been withdrawn, caused his motion to be out of
order'
The S'PEAXCER. The gentleman can move a
cat! of the House if he pleases; but the motion to
reconsider having been withdrawn, some other
business must intervene before the motion for a
call of the House would be in order.
Mr. PALFREY submitted that the state of facts
was not precisely such as was understood by the
Chair. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Cooke] had made a motion to reconsider. Upon
that motion he (Mr. I'.) had moved that there be
a call of the House. The gentleman from Tennes-
see withdrew his motion to reconsider. He (Mr.
P.) held that the withdrawal of the motion to re-
consider did not make his motion for a call of the
House out of ordei.
The SPEAKER. It would not make it out of
order if a motion for a call of' the House had not
been the very last question upon which the House
has acted. But, in accordance with all Parlia-
mentary practice, ti:e same motion cannot be put
twice.
Mr. PALFREY. Gut the gentleman has made
another r.ioiion r-'iiice.
The SPEAKER. And the gentleman has also
■withdrawn his motion; and if the motion for a call
of the House were now entertained, nothing would
appear upon the Journal but that two motions for
a call of the House had been made successively.
Mr. McLANE. Will the motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the private calendar
supersede the motion for a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion
pending a3 a motion for a call of the House.
BOARD TO SI
PL*! PRIVATE
CLAIilS. j;
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that '>
the House resolve itself into Committee of the !
Whole on the siaie of the Union, for the purpose '!
of proceeding to the consideration of the' bill to ;
provide for Lie sctwetnent of cla'uis a,j"oinst th°
United
And the question having been taken and de- !
cided in the affirmative—
The House again resolved itself into Committee .
of the Whoie on the state of the U nion, (Mr. Burt,
of South Carolina, m the chair,) and resumed the i
consideration of the said bill. " n
Mr. JOHNSON, of lennessee, was euntied to
the floor.
Mr. PETX Ix asked him to yield, whilst hp ■'
(Mj. P.) could send to the Chair, with a view to I
have read, a substitute, which he proposed to offer
for the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON having assented—
Mr. PETTIT sent his substitute amendment to
.the table, and it was read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said that it was
not his intention to occupy the time of the com-
mittee during the whole hour allotted by the rule.
The bill now under consideration, which had
been reported by the Committee on Claims of this
House, was one of some importance, and one
which, he thought, should engage the serious con-
sideration of this House. The evils which had
been complained of were admitted by all to exist;
that was to say, that citizens or individuals having
claims against the Government of the United
States were delayed in the prosecution of those
claims; that they had to come before Congress for
relief, either by memorial, or in some other way;
that their cases were postponed and postponed,
until the petitioners were worn out, and finally
despaired of obtaining anything at the hands of
the Government. That such evils did, to a great
extent exist, was, he repeated, admittted on all
hands, and he supposed that only one sentiment
existed in this House, and that was in favor of
some plan by which the procrastination attendant
upon the action of Congress, in such cases, could
be prevented. Upon this proposition they were
all agreed. They all admitted that there were
many claims presented here; that great delay
took place in their adjudication, and that the par-
ties were put to great expense in the prosecution
of them. Such was the evil—such the defect
which this bill, as he understood it, proposed to
remedy.
But in order that he might make himself better
understood, he proposed to read one or two ex-
tracts from the report which accompanied this bill.
It laid down the premises more concisely and
moie intelligently than iie had done. The lepoit
said:
'•It thus* appeared that in s-ix years 8,939 petitions wore
presented to both Homes of Conyres-< by puvate claimant-',
and of these .'?,081 were not leported upon at u'l by am
committee ; anil m the ten >uc'eeeding \ears there were pre-
sented 17,573 petitions to the House of Representatives., and
8,948 weic not leported upon by any committee—more than
halt the number.
<;But tins is not the whole nor the most serious pait of the
evil, ft ih not Hirprismsr that the committee have not ic-
ported upon all the petitions presented, but that they have
been willing to expend bo cjr^at an amount of tabor in ex-
amining claims w Inch never leceive the action of Congress."
And again the report said:
"Far otherwise, howevei,is it with reports in favor of
the claim of the petitioner; and a most just jnound of com-
plaint, on tin. part of claimant-, is, not the adverse action of
tilt; House en claim- which have icceivod the favorable ac-
tion ot a committee, (although otten a irio-t hasty and unin-
telligent action,) but that when l.i'L-* are reported for then
relief, buffi small part are reached and acted upon at all by
the iluusti in winch they originate," &c.
Thus the difficulties and defects proposed to be
remedied were plainly enumerated and set forth.
In the first place, it was assumed that there were
a gteat many petitions presented. These petitions
were referred to the Committee on Claims. That
committee reported in favoV of some and adversely
to othera; and upon many claims which were fa-
vorably reported upon, the House refused or filled
to act. This was the difficulty—here the delay.
Claims were presented, reported upon by the com-
mittee, and submitted to the House; and the com-
plaint was, that Congress would not act on the
cases thus coming before them.
The report went further. It gave the following
as the nu.iiber of cases during the twenty-fifth
Congress:
^Kivatc petitions of the £Inu*-=e of Representatives alone,
House bi!N reported, 1.210.
House bills whicn pa-te.l the House, 375.
House bills n-lncli passed ootn Hou.-e^
It thus appeared, that at the twenty-fifth Con-
gress, nearly one-half the claims upon which favor-
able reports had been made were left unacted upon.
And this bill was intended to remove the evil, and
to enable the petitioners to receive justice at the
hands of the Government.
Let gentlemen see how this thing would work in j
practice. After ascertaining where the unsound part
was, they ought, before prescribing a remedy, to !
be fully satisfied that they had a remedy adequate [
to the cure of the disease; that they had a plaster 1
whose healing influence should be coextensive I
with the unsound portion of the system—a rem- I
edy suited to the malady which all admitted to
exist.
How was this? Did the bill before the commit-
tee touch the defect? Did it reach the difficulty
pointed out in the report? He thought not. What
did the bill propose? It resolved Hself into a very
narrow compass. Did it propose to facilitate the
action of Congress upon bills which had been fa-
vorably reported upon? He thought not. It did
not, m his judgment, approach the point of relief
to the petitioner. The report said, expressly,
that, during the 25th Congress, 4,240 petitions
were presented to the House; that 1,240 bills were
reported; and that out of these 1,240, only 735
received the sanction of the House. Did the bill
meet the exigency of this case ?
The report proved that there were many more
bills reported to the House than the House acted
upon. The bill did not propose to facilitate action,
but only to facilitate the process by which more
reports might be got before the House, though
there were already more than the House acted
upon. The bill did not, in any one of its provis-
ions, touch the point. Take an example: when a
petition was presented, it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims. The committee collected all the
facts and evidence set before them, and embodied
them in the form of a report, either for or against
the claim, to be submitted to the House. If the
committee were in favor of the claim, they reported
a bill; and it was seen, that upon a large number
of such bills, the House did not act. Did the bill
before the committee provide a remedy for that?
Certainly not. It merely took the labor away
from the Committee on Claims and transferred it
to the board of commissioners.
The duties of that committee were thus defined
by the S2d rule of the House:
"It s-hall be the duty of the Committee of Claims to take
into consideration all <uich petitions and matfeiv or things
touching claims and demands on the United States as^hali
be presented or shall or may come in question and he re-
ferred to them by the Kou?e, and to lepoit their opinion
theieupon, to^etner with ?uchpropositions tor relief therein
a> to them 5-hall seem expedient."
j Nov/, what did this board of commissioners
i propose to do? They were constituted a tribunal
. to act upon claims against the Government, and to
> repott their decisions to this House, for the action
• of Congress. It was provided in the twelfth sec-
i tion of the bill—
i "That friid board shall, at the commencement of each
session of Congress, and at the commencement of each
: month during the >e>>ion of Congress report to Congress
: tlie facts found by them in the ^veial claims referred to and
' acted upon by them, with their opinion hi relation to the
[ same, and shall prepare a hii! or bills m those ca-es which
| shall have received the tavoiable decision of said hoard;
! ami that the said board shall tranj-mit with said reports the
j testimony iri each case, ubuhei the same snail receive the
favorable or adverse action of said boatdS'1
_ He would suppose a case, to illustrate the prac-
tice under this bill. A petition is presented here,
and it is transferred immediately to this board of
j commissioners. The board collect the facts; ex-
; amine them; come to a decision upon the cose; and
; after that, wheiher their decision'be for or against
the petitioner, the whole business is to be submit-
i ted again to the House in the shape of a report—
; the facts all compiled and submitted for the action
I of Congress. What, now, had the board accom-
. phshed? Had they done anything more than w hat
, pertains now to the duty of the Committee on
j Clai ms? Had they advanced the legislation of the
: country? He afiiimed that they had not*, and that
j the bill was nothing, in effect, but a proposition to
j transfer the business of the Committee oii Claims
| to a board of commissioners; for, when we
| should get the compilation and the report of the
! commissioners upon any case, whether favorable
II or adverse, would not the business of Corigiess
i with rcspcct to the cose remain just where it was-
! before the papers were scntavfay ? It would ; and
' the jpgi^Iation of the country would not be at all
; facilitated hy the action of the board. Besides,  f
Congress now had more bills reported for then*
: consideration than could be acted on, and if the
j board should increase the number of these reports,
, how would their labors facilitate legislation? The
; fact was, that after all their labors, they leave the
J real business in hand precisely where it started.
But it was contended by some, that if we could
! have the merits of claims investigated by a board
of commissioners, and a report made upon each
case, Congiess might take the repoit of the board
as conclusive; and so, perhaps, many claims might
be passed upon, which ars now kept a long time
