1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
179
on the files. Now, to his mind, this was a strange
argument; for here was a Committee on Claims
appointed, the several members of which had taken
the oath to support the Constitution—entirely to
understand and faithfully to discharge their duties;
and when such a committee, having claims re-
ferred to them, make a report to the House, it
seemed to his mind, that their judgment and de-
cision ought to have as much weight on the minds
of the House as the report from any board of
commissioners. Would any man say, that in the
organization of such a committee, wc cannot have
as much reliable integrity, talent, and information,
as would be likely to be found in any board of com-
missioners which the President would appoint?
But the principal argument for a change of the
system for the adjudication of claims was derived
from the fact., that many cases of claims hang on
so long. Well, how had the matter stood under
the present system5 He took the case of M.
Cazeau, a Canadian Frenchman, whose prop-
erty was confiscated in the revolutionary war.
This man became an applicant for the value of his
confiscated property in the year 1817, and there
was allowed and appropriated, to satisfy his claim,
the sum of forty-two thousand dollars; but by
some fraudulent means the money was paid into
improper hands, so that the claimant never ob-
tained a dollar of it. These facts being fully estab-
lished and made known to Congress, in the year
1836, (twelve years ago,) the other branch of Con-
gress, (the Senate,) by resolution, referred the case
to the Solicitor of the Treasury, at that time Mr.
Maxcy, and he reported favorably; but from that
day to the present time there had been no further
steps taken in the matter. Twelve long years had
passed away since this favorable report was re-
ceived in the case of M. Cazeau, yet to this day the
claim was pending before Congress, and still unde-
cided. Now, if he could pick up such a case of
twelve years' standing since it had been favorably
reported upon by such a man as Mr. Maxcy,
Remaining still unacted on by Congress, what se- |
curity was there that this branch of legislation i
would be facilitated by the examinations and re-
ports of such a hoard of commissioners as it was
proj^bsed by this oiil to establish?
He repealed, that the design and purpose of the
bill could not be anything more nor less than a
transfer of business from the Committee on Claims
to the board of commissioners, under the pretext 1
that the business of legislation would in this man-
ner be greatly facilitated; when the truth was,
that, under the present system, there were more
claims reported for consideration than Congress
could possibly act unon. He had just made a refer-
ence which he would state in confirmation of this
fact. To the twenty-fifth Congress there were a
thousand claims reported, while only seven hun-
dred of them were acted upon by that body—leav-
ing three hundred on the calendar.
The very next section of the bill following that
"which he had recited, showed conclusively that the
new system was liable to every objection he had
pointed out. It provided that these commis-
sioners' report's-" shall be continued from session
to session, and from Congress to Congiess, until
the same shall be finally acted upo^." There was
a rule of the House which would not admit of busi-
ness b^mg continued from Congress to Congress; |
but by a change of that rule, the same result, would .
be obtained as that proposed to bo brought about ;
in the bill. Tho bill, therefore, did not meet the j
case which ift was intended to r.i*-*ot. The malady 1
was one thing, anu the antidote was another thing: '
and when "we come to examine tho ^i:l m this i
light, aside from the general principle to which ue
had objected, we conid not fail to meet with the 1
most glaring defects. It was, in fact, nothing j
but a string of defects and incongruities; and it !
seemed to him, that if the ingenuity of the most 1
astute individual were to be tasked to .invent a j
scheme of incongruities, he coulu nut prove more i
successful than the committee reporting thi3 bill, ;
supposing their object to have been the same.
Viewing it in all its aspects, from becoming to |
end, it tell wholly short of the object for which it !
was intended. In these remarks upon the hjji, he i
did not mean to be understood as speaking at all j
invidiously of the. presenters of it, but hejjst meant ;
to speak of the thing as it was. i
it might not be entirely clear to some gentlemen, !
but it was evident to his mind, that the chief pur- i
pose intended to be accomplished by the frameis ;
|! of this bill was wholly lost in the performance. Let
j' us see how it would work. The committee had
i j been told that in most other countries there was to
ji be found some court or tribunal through which the
I government could be reached by its creditors; and
I' it was monstrous that, some such tribunal was not
j: also to be found in this country. But there were
i; two things always to be considered in connection
j! with the establishment of a tribunal of this sort. In
! •: the establishment of such a court, or board of com-
> missioners, m this country, we should first look at
j the genius and spirit of our Government; and then
! i we should consider whether the operations of such
j! a tribunal would completely harmonize therewith.
j> He admitted that tribunals similar to that pointed
II out in the report of the Committee on Claims might
II be found in other countries; but their governments
j all differing materially from ours in their genius
! and spirit, there was left no analogy in the case.
| For instance: in our Government no money could
1 be drawn from the treasury only in the way of
; appropriation by act of Congress; and even if v?te
! transfer the adjudication of claims to this board,
| an act of Congress will still be necessary before
] the judgment of the board, in any case, can be
; satisfied. Hence every case would be open stdi to
legislation. It must come before Congress. It
could not be taken away.
Again: the people of this country had secured
to themselves, by the Constitution, the right of
petition. And now suppose a creditor of the Gov-
ernment comes here to-day by his petition, and we
refer his case to a board of commissioners, and tue
board decides either for or against his petition, or
declaration, or whatever the paper may be called'—
suppose the board to decide against mm: have we
estopped him? is his case concluded here? have we
estopped him from further legislation ? No, sir; he
\ can turn round to-morrow, and, under that provi-
sion of the Constitution which secures the right of.
petition, he may insist upon legislation in his case, j
Hence, in the establishment of a court of this kind, ,
we should be careful to see that its operations would j
be perfectly consonant with the genius of our Gov- !
ernment. He denied distinctly that Congress had I
the power to establish a tribunal whose decision j
should be final in these cases. They could not !
say that Congress shall not hear theco cases, j
What, then, was to be accomplished by the bill?
Just nothing at all. All that could be accom-
plished, were the arrangement to be cimcd into
! operation, would b-j a transfer of business horn
I the Committee on Claims to the board of comuns-
! sioners.
| Instead of diminishing and facilitating logisla-
j tion, it seemed to him that this arrangement would
j increase and procrastinate legislation. Congress
; had means enough now by which to originate sub-
jects of legislation; but this board would be a kind
| of manufacturing establishment, by which the sub-
i jects of legislation would be increased and accumu-
late on our hands. How, then, would Congress |
| get along, since they have now a so much iai^er [
i amount of matter reported than the time permits .
: to be acted on? and where was the necessity of,
i a new arrangement to furnish other subjects of j
I legislation, which never could receive the consider- ;
i ation of Congiess? It had been said that une-timd i
j of the time of legislation would be saved by the
! passage of the nrcs>ent bill. But cou'.i not every 1
man sec at a ghmce that the new arrai-geuient I
would bring up new subjects of leg.s-lation, and !
more of them? and did not all know, when ihcy i
came to look at it, that it would not shorten the ■
session a single hour? lor the same routine of iegis- j
iation would have to be passed over, after th report
of the commissioners, that we go through now, •
This was all very rle^r to his apprehension. :
But there were othe? objections to tncbnl equnl-y ,
clotr and tangible. He read from the first sec::ou:
"That a board for the settlement of clauu> against .
' the United Slates be, and the Name is Hereby, con-
' tstiruted and established, to consist of thre* com-
' missioners, to be appointed by the President, by
' and with the advice and consent of the Senate
' The said commissioners shall severalty Mice an
{ oath before a judge of the eircv.it court of th*r
' United States for the District. of Columbia, faith-
' fully and impartially to execute the datie-: of bis
' office to the best of his judgment and ability; and
' each commissioner shall receive a compensation of
' three thousand live hundred (dollars per annum, to
' be paid quarterly from the Vreasury of the United
' States." In another ye ctio,^ _ ^p. bdiempow ors this
board to prescribe their own rules in regard to the
receipt of the applications of claimants, the species
of evidence that shall be produced, and the manner
of taking it. All this was clear from the terms of
the bill. It appoints three commissioners, at a
salary of thirty-five hundred dollars each, without
: any limit to the term of their service, and without
i any provision by which they may be turned out
j of off.ee for corruption, as far as the bill is con-
- cerned. This, of itself, was a sufficient objection
I to the bill for him; and on this account he regarded
)t as a proposition lagging very far behind public
opinion in this country. Public opinion had now
generally condemned that rule of appointments to
ofiiec during good behavior. If the board were to
be created, he should be in favor of their being ap-
pointed for a certain number of years, and remova-
ble for certain specific offences. He did not know
but that this doctrine of appointments for life was
gaining ground in the minds of some; but it cer-
tainly was not so with the masses of the people.
They did not think that office, conferred on a par-
ticular individual, became in his hands a kind of
vested right, as something that may be clutched
and claimed like goods and chattels, and trans-
ferred from one member of the family to another.
In the last scction of the bill, in connection with
the appointment of these three judges, or commis-
sioners, at a salary of thirty-five hundred dollars
each, he found that the board was authorized to
appoint a principal clerk, to receive a salary of
eighteen hundred dollars per annum, and an as-
sistant clerk, to receive a salary of fifteen hundred
dollars per annum. The annual salaries altogether
. amounting to nearly fourteen thousand dollars.
By this bill, then, it was proposed to create a board
of commissioners which was to cost the treasury
the sum of fourteen thousand dollars per annum;
while it could not be demonstrated that the arrange-
ment would diminish the expense of legislation to
the amount of one single dollar; but, on the con-
trary, was the foundation of a system which must
inevitably increase that expense.
He did not say that there were certain individ-
uals in this country standing ready, cut and dried,
for these places; he did not say that these individ-
uals did not need these plai.es much worse than
the Government needed their services; he did not
affirm these things, but they might be so. But
when he looked over the States of this great Con-
federacy, where there could be, found gentlemen,
in the proper sense of the term, who were quali-
fied, legally and in the proper sense of that term,
to sit upon the supreme bench of the State, and
properly decide all the questions arising there;
when he found distinguished men and able law-
yers thus willing to go upon the supreme bench of
a State, and serve for salaries of eighteen hundred
dollars and two thousand dollars per annum—men
of as good standing and character for integrity and
legal information as any that might be selected to
constitute this board,—he could not see the pro-
priety nor the justice of fixing the salary of these
commissioners so high as three or four thousand
dollars. The salaries of the Federal Government
here, he contended, were too high in comparison
with those of the Stategovernments. The officers
of the State governments sunk into insignificance
in the comparison; and hencc the gieat rush to
the capital to nick up the offices of the Federal
Government.
He would gr°atly prefer the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, [.Mr. Petht.] l~Xe would
prefer throwing the courts of the country open,
and wllowif.c; to c.ery creditor of the Government
the pru iitirc of mal'mc: suit and maintaining his
r.cttoa the United States. He would go
for tins letting in all claimants upon the Govern-
ment, before lie would support such a string of
incongruities as he found m the bill under consid-
eration: for, he leiteratcd the assertion, it was
nolhirg but a bill of defects from beginning to
end, falling; so far short of the remedy proposed,
tht it did not even touch the evil complained of
by the chairman of the Committee on Claims him-
SC'*".
The gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Strong]
(from a sense of weakness, perhaps, m his argu-
ment for the bill) bad made this issue before the
committee: he had said it wusincumbentupnn those
who oppose this bill to recommend something
better ui its place—to oiler a substitute by which
the desired object could be better accomplished.
I-le (Mr. J.) admitted that it was much easier to
