180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
find fault and complain of existing defects than to
propose a remedy for them—much easier to tear
down a system than to construct one. He knew
very well that a novice might demolish this Capi-
tol, while it would require the hands of an accom-
plished architect to build it up again. But the
gentleman from Pennsylvania had presented a false
issue: for we were not compelled to take this bill,
or something else that might be substituted for it.
Such was not the dilemma; or if it was, it had
three horns to it. The country was compelled to
take the plan of this bill for adjudicating claims,
or fall back upon the present mode, or, it might
be, resort to something better. The real question
before the country was, Docs this bill propose
anything better than the existing system > Will
it cure the disease complained of? Will jt remedy
the defects of the present system? This was the
only question before the committee; and he had
fairly shown, as he believed, that but a few mo-
ments' examination was necessary to convince
every mind that the bill did net meet the case-, it
did not relieve the case from any difficulty: and
now, would the committee pass a bili, the opera-
tion of which, with reference to the legislation of
the country, would not only leave us just where
we are, but increase the annual expenses of the
treasury some fourteen thousand dollars? lie
thought not.
It was his intention, when he rose, to occupy
the committee but a few moments with his remarks
upon this bill. His object was merely to assign a
few reasons why lie should go against it. And
now, upon the review of it, he would be almost
unwilling to reprint it. It was a production so
utterly worthless, to his apprehension, that he
would advise the committee reporting it to com-
mence their woik anew. If the present system
could be improved, let the improvement be pointed
out, and he would go for it. Eut with reference
to th
gogu
ns bill, (though he knew the cry of derna-
^.^...ism would ko out against him for it,) he would
say, that it did seem to him that the time had
arrived when Congress should begin to husband
the resources of the treasury, and when they
should begin m earnest to diminish, instead of in-
creasing;, the avenues of expenditure. It was time
that gentlemen who make professions of economy
at home should begin to act upon their professions
here, and set on foot some system by which the
public expenditures might be reduced, instead of
setting up a system by which they weie to be in-
creased. For himself, he saw no necessity, at the
present time, for opening new leaks m the treas-
ury. He thought it better to leave the arrange-
ment for adjudging private claims where it w.v<—
better to ho'Ul on to the old system, in picference to
taking that proposed in the bill.
With reierencn to the immense numbers of
claims s-iid to have been presented and re-
ported to Congress at various times, in the leport
which accompanies the bill, he would state to the
committee tint many of these cases were such as
have been decided upon m Congress again and
a$ain, yet they were ail put down in the report us
new applications.
He came back now to the general principle upon
v/hich he acted, namely: if there were mote bills
by thousands icported to the House under the
present system than could be possioly acted on,
what could be the advantage of a system which
proposed to report more bills end business to be
left unfinished and unacted on? The bill did not
offer a plan to facilitate business, but only a plan
to carve out more business, when there was already
more on hand than could receive proper attention.
He hoped ihe bid would be rejected. Its passage,
in his opinion, would open a door to immense
frauds and peculations upon the treasury, it
"would establish a tribunal where those large, an-
tiquated claims would be woiked over till they
might get legs to stand upon, and after a while get
more strength, and so get through. If it be true,
that a smaller number of men may be corrupted
with a much smaller amount of money than a
larger number, then it would be a much easier job
to buy up these three commissioners than the
whole two hundred and thirty members of the
House of Representatives. All men had their
faults, which would cling to them throughout
their lives. He had no more confidence in com-
missioners than lie had in other men; and it would
be seen, that so soon as this board shall be estab-
lished, all these old claimants would flock about
them as eagerly (for their prey upon the treasury)
as the eagles gather about the carcase.
He had no hard things to say here about appli-
cants and agents for claims especially. He looked
alike upon all classes of the community. There
were some good and some bad amongst theni all. ,
it was the same here in Congress. He did not j
denounce indiscriminately. _ j
But there was another influence which might be j
touched, in connection with this bill,independently j
of what might be done by these claimants. Just !
in proportion to the number of courts which might
be established, would the public business be in-
creased,as well as the number of officers and agents
to carry it on, with all the attendant expenses for
, their compensation.
! He considered that, if any change from the exist-
! ing system were necessary, it would be far better to
! allow theseclaims to be preferred before the Federal
j district courts in the several States. Such a plan
I would divide the business amongst the professional
j men throughout the country, and give a better
j chance to all; wheieas, were all this immense
! business to be brought up to the seat of Govern-
ment, it would amount to a monopoly in the pro-
fession, and a few favored ones would get all the
loaves and fishes. He would say, let this busi-
ness go into the district courts, which would be
convenient to all paities. There was where it
should go, if it were determined to establish another
tribunal to pass upon these claims. He did not
know what was to be the character of this board
of commissioners. He could not tell whether it
was to be a branch of the judiciciiy, a court, or
a sort of administrative tribunal, or whether it
should be consideied as an auxiliary of the pres-
sent system. He knew nothing of what was to
be its Junction, further than it was to be a tribunal
to sit and act upon claims against the Government.
For himself, he would very greatly prefer the Uni-
ted States district courts for this business, where
there was certainly as much honesty and integrity
as could be brought into the new court, wheie
better progress and more thorough examinations
would be insuied, and where justice would be
awarded ht without sale or denial."
Mr. JOHNSON having concluded—
Mr. P.ETTIT obtained the floor, and remarked
that he had sent to the Clerk's desk a proposition
which at the proper time he intended to olfer as a
substitute for the bill, and he was desirous to pre-
sent his views upon it to the committee; but he
desired first that it should be printed, that gentle-
men might see it. lie would therefore move that
the committee rise, with the view of moving in
the House that the amendment be printed.
He yielded the floor at the request of
Mr. MEADE, who sent up certain amendments
which he wished to oiler at theoproper time, and
winch he wished printed.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the committee
had no power to order the piinting.
Mr. PETTIT said he so supposed; and he in-
tended to move the printing, in the House.
On his motion, the committee then rose and re-
ported progress.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the amendments to
the bill providing for the establishment of a board to
settle claims against the Government, of which
notice had been given in committee by himself
and the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,]
and by other gentlemen, together with the bill, be
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FICKLIN said hehad an amendment which
he intended to move, and he requested the gentle-
man from Indiana to modify his motion so as to
include it among the papers to be printed.
Mr. PETTIT acceded to the request, and mod-
ified his motion by inserting Mr. F.'s amendment
in the motion to print.
ANTONIO PACHECO, AGAIN.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose (he said) to a priv-
ileged question, and said that a mistake had been j
discovered at the Clerk's desk, in the vote upon j
the passage of the bill for the relief of the legal rep- i
resentatives of Antonio Pacheco. He asked that !
the Journal might be corrected. !
The SPEAKER stated that corrections of the <
Journal would be in order on Monday morning after '
the reading of the Journal. ;
Mr. WENTWORTH asked if it would not be !
in order now to make a correction in the vote? |
The SPEAKER replied that it would not. 1
'< No objection being made—
! The question upon Mr- Pettit's motion was
. taken, and decided in the affirmative.
! So the bill and amendments were ordered to be
| printed.
! On motion of Mr. STEPHENS,
j The House adjourned.
;; PETITIONS, ETC.
} The following petitions and memorials were presented
11 under the rule, and refeired:
j! By Mr. STROHM: The petition of citizens of Lancaster
ij and Chester counties, State of Pennsylvania, piaying for a
! ■ modification ot the revenue laws. Abo, the petition of cui-
! zetife of Elizabeth town-hip, in the county of Lancaster,
Pennsylvania, praying for a modification of the revenue
laws
| By Sir. BARROW: T3ic petition of John Die?, praying
j' that the benefits of the acts of February 11,1847, and of May
! 27,1848, mav be extended to him.
By Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
: Renry King and 19 other?, citizens of Ltii/sh county, Pewt.
i «.ylvania, praying for a modification of the existing revenue
I law5:.
!, By Mr. TU^K: The petition of Edward Oieavelanrt and
II 85 others, citizens of Bath and vk instv, in the Stato of New
I: Hampshire, playing for the passage of a law prohibiting the
;! slave trade. Also, the petition ot G. W. ChamherKn and 66
j others, psaying tor the repeal of the 3d and 4th sections of
! the act of Febiaaiy 12,1792, in regaid to slavery. ANo, the
|i petition of John H. Carhee and 70 others, praying lor the
ii abolition of siavervin the District of Columbia. ANo, the
j: petition of George W. Flint and 73 otheis, praying for the
ii prohibition o  slavery in Oregon,and the other Territoriesof
j! the United States.
i By Mr, McCLELLAND: The memorial of sundry citi-
|! zens of Ypsilanti, Michigan, for a reduction of postage, &e.
j; By Mr FARRELLY:"The proceedings of a meeting of
|| citizen* of Meicer county, Pennsylvania, in favor o( the
; | exclusion of slavery from the new Territories of New Mex-
<j ico and California. Al>o, the pennon of John S. Ring and
numerous other citizens of Mereei county, Pennsylvania,
• | for the immediate repeal of the existing rt- venue laws, and
j! the restoration of the tanfi act of 1842, with a view of afford-
I ing more efficient protection to the mining and manufactur-
! nig interest*.
ji By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of fi. Warner, praying
II compensation for the con«tinotion of a Jrght-house.
i! Bv Mr. ROOT: A petition of citizens of Elvria. and an-
I other of citizens of M'lan, Ohio, for a light-ship at the en-
II trance of Niagara nvei.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 8, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from (he Secretary of the Treas-
ury, accompanying a report from the Commis-
sioner of Patents, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, of the 24th January, 1843, in relation
to the explosion of steam boilers.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting an account of the expenditures from
the contingent fund; which was ordered to be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, of the expenditures in that depart-
ment during the year 1848; which was ordered to
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting a letter ftom the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey; which was ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS FROM STATES.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Florida, remonstrating against the
removal of certain arms and munitions of war from
the city of St. Augustine, and in favor of more
adequate protection to the eastern frontier of the
State; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Florida, in favor of an appropriation
for paying certain volunteers of that State for ser-
vices in the Seminole war; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Floiida, in favor a law granting
bounty lands to the officers and soldiers who served
in the Seminole campaign; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition from the
pilots, masters of vessels, and others, asking" an
appropriation for an ice harbor at Delaware City;
which was referred to the Commitiee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from James
