184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
ain.to trade in our grain may have upon this inter-
course between the two countries; and in the mean
time I hope that our legislation will in nowise be
changed.
The question being on the adoption of the amend-
ments—
Mr. DIX hoped that the Senate would not con-
cur in them.
Mr. MASON asked to have the amendments
read.
The bill and amendments were again read.
The question was then taken on the amendments,
and they were rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and
the question being on the third reading of the
bill-
Mr. NILES, in a low tone of voice, spoke of
the importance of the bill which then engaged their
attention. He was understood to say that the
arrangements of the commercial interests of the
United States and foreign countries were mere
matters of contract, and the best course would be
to render these contracts mutually beneficial, as far
as possible. We excel (continued Mr. N.) oui
Canadian neighbors in navigation, commerce, man-
ufactures, and all the great enterprises m which oar
interests are mutually identified; and this fact
should be taken into the account in the settlement
of commercial arrangements between the two
countries.
This particular bill proposes that between the
provinces of Canada and the United States all re-
strictions upon commerce shall be repealed, so far
as the articles enumerated in the bill are concerned;
that we shall sell to them, and they to us, precisely
the same as though these provinces belonged to
our Confederacy. What is to be the practical op-
eration of this bill? Why, sir, the several articles
enumerated are articles for the sale of which
both countries are dependent, in no small degree,
upon foreign markets. Both the United States and
Canada produce a surplus of these articles, and
this surplus naturally seeks a foreign market. It
seems to me, therefore, that in the interchange of
articles for home consumption between the United
States and Canada, this bill will not, ordinarily,
be brought into operation. They will not want to
buy of us what they raise a surplus of themselves;
and, on the other hand, we will not want to buy of
them those articles of which we raise more than we
can consume. Nevertheless, if it should so happen
that either country would be under the necessity
of purchasing any of these articles from the other,
I have no doubt that the provisions of this bill
would operate very favorably for both countries.
If their crops should fail, v/e could supply them,
and, our giaiu being admitted free of duty, we
would have great advantages under this law. On
the other hand, if our crops should fail, we could
buy of them to much better advantage under the
operations of this law than under the existing reg-
ulations between the twocountties; and ordinarily,
t apprehend, the balance of trade would be greatly
in our favor, with the exception of the timber
trade, it is probable that their resources for sup-
plying foreign countries with timber are much
greater than ours; but I think that in every other
respect we have greater resources and facilities
than our Canadian neighbors.
Again : on the other hand, in this case, as in all
others where you extend the reciprocity principle
to any nation, you are to look to it that you get a
full equivalent 111 fact as well as in law and m prin-
ciple. This leads us to the inquiry, which has the
better market? The market of the United States,
compared to that of Canada, is, undoubtedly, as
ten to one, and consequently so far as the home
consumption of the articles enumerated is con-
cerned, I should be inclined to oppose this bill
because it would operate against us. But, as i have !
said, the exchanges of produce between the two !
countries for home consumption will be very small, i
and, consequently, thi.s point is comparatively un- >
important. j
There is another view of this subject which I !
think is the most important one, and that is thia: S
inasmuch as the several articles enumerated are I
articles of which both countries produce a surplus, )
and as this surplus must and will seek a foreign j
market, what will be the effect of this bill, so far i
as the trade of supplying ihe foreign markets with :
these articles is concerned, upon our own business j
and revenue? Will the products of their soil, and j
the articles manufactured by them, be brought!
hither and carried to market through the United i
States? or will our products and our manufactures ,
be taken there and seek a market through Canada? j
This, I apprehend, is the most important consid- ;
eration, because, as I have already said, both coun- ;
tries produce a surplus of the enumerated articles, j
and this surplus must seek a foreign market, and ,
it must be transported by that nation which pos- j
sesses the greatest facilities for such labor. In this j
respect I apprehend that our advantages for carry- j
mg on a trade in grain, flour, provisions, and per- j
haps ail the articles enumerated, are double tho&e i
of the provinces, and this will give us the gieater j
portion of this direct trade in foreign imports. It j
will enable us to carry on a lucrative trade m all -
these articles, which must inevitably seek some
channel through which to reach a foreign market,
and they will seek those channels which interpose
the slightest barriers, and which offer the greatest
facilities. This being the case, the goods and
trade of Canada will take their direction through
the United States, and we will reap benefits from
them in various ways. Their goods will be sent
across the Lake to Rochester, and from thence
will be transported over our canals and railroads
to New York. From New York they will be
transported across the ocean to their foreign mar-
ket, and our shipping will have the carrying of
them. This carrying trade is the most valuable
and important part of the whole subject of the
trade with which this bill is connected; and if we
can secure to ourselves the advantages which will
result from this trade, and divert the products of
the provinces from their own channels of trans-
portation to ours, and thus employ our capital,
our railroads, and our canals, the revenue derived
fiom this source would soon constitute- an import-
ant item in the receipts of our treasuiy.
As for the pnee of flour being reduced in our
markets by the operation of this bill, 1 cannot see
how that can happen. The flour, as well as the
products of Canada, will seek a foreign market,
whether this bill be passed or not, and it will go
into some markets with our own flour, whether it
takes a direction through the United States or
through the St. Lawrence, and in either case the
effect upon the price will be the same. Therefore,
I cannot see how this bill is to affect the price of
flour in our maikets.
Mr. DAYTON. Will the Senator from Con-
necticut permit me to suggest, that if it will suit \
his convenience, it will greatly gratify Senators if j
he will speak a little louder., We on this side of
the Chamber have not been able to hear one word
that the gentleman has uttered.
Mr. NILES. I have a cold and cannot speak
very loud, though I think i might have been heaid
with a little attention. Ji am very sorry that gen-
tlemen have not been able to hear my few remarks.
I can only repeat that my main consideration in
favor of this bill is, that it will advance our inter-
ests in regord to the internal and exteinal trade of
this country in conducting the products of Canada
to foreign markets. Hut as regards the exchange
of those products which are to be consumed by
the two countries, I think it will act unfavorably
towards us, for the simple reason that we have a
very extensive market, and they have a very small
one; and this objection to the reciprocity principle
applies to other countries as well as to these prov-
inces.
But, in relation to the trade with foreign mar-
kets, I believe that the opeiation of this bill will be
to bring the trade of Canada directly through the
United States; and it is well known that where the
products of the country are sold, there must be
some return made for them, and it is highly prob-
able, taking into consideration the fact that their
products will be diverted through our country,
that we will reap greater advantages and benefits
from their trade than they will reap from ours.
1 think, however, that the opeiation of the bill
should be limited to four years, or something of
that bort, m order to give us an opportunity of test-
ing its practical workings before we enter into per-
manent arrangements of this kind.
In regard to the point raised by the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] which is certainly one
meriting our serious consideration, whether this ■
bill will open our ports to other countries with !
whom we have reciprocity treaties, I will say that I
our treaties with other countries are not exactly 1
reciprocity treaties, because their provisions are ■
simply that no other or higher duties shall be im- I
posed on the products and manufactures of their
respective countries than on the like products and
manufactures of any other foreign country.
The great question for our consideration now is,
whether or not Canada is a foreign country? It
strikes me that it is not. A foreign country is a
country proper, with which we negotiate and
make treaties. But Canada is a mere province. It
is not a country of Great Britain; it is a mere col-
ony of Great Britain. It is not a country which
we recognize as a foreign Power, and with which
we form treaties. If we had diplomatic intercourse
with them, if we had a resident minister there,
and if they maintained a resident minister here; if
they were, in fact, a foreign nation proper, then it
might possibly be said that this bill would open
our port3 to Russia, and the countries on the Baltic,
which have surplus products to dispose of. But
Canada can by no means be considered a foreign
country, and, therefore,no foreign nations can con-
tend, that by this bill we have introduced the pro-
ducts of Great Britain as an independent Power,
and consequently cannot claim for themselves the
privileges which it extends to the provinces.
Mr. HUNTER- Mr. President, I have listened
to the arguments which the friends of this bill have
adduced for its support, and, although a friend of
free trade, 1 am constrained to say, after a full ex-
amination of the bill, that I shall not be able to
give it my support.
This bill is partial and unequal in its operation.
We all know fhat one of the greatest objections to
the tariff of 1842, on the part of those who opposed
it, was, that it was unequal in its protection; that
it was delusive; that while it promised something
to the farmers, it gave them nothing in comparison
with the protection which it afforded to manufac-
tures. And it is fair for one who is in favor of the
doctrines of free trade as a general principle, (and
there is no one who subscribes to the doctrine more
cheerfully and cordially than myself,) to object to
a provision which puts one of the producing inter-
ests of this country upon the footing of fiee trade,
i and leaves the remaining interests to a very high
I protection.
| Sir, I was making a rough calculation just now,
| and 1 find, that according to the statement of the
Secretary of the Treasury, the net duties upon
the imports consumed in this country amount to
something like twenty-five per cent. The manu-
factures of iron, wool, and cotton are getting very
h%h protection, and all the protection that is now
afforded to the agricultural and great farming inter-
ests of the middle States is taken away by the pro-
visions of this bill. It is taken away, because we
let in the only rival from whom we have much to
fear—Canada, on our northern frontier.
I think that the argument of my friend from
Maryland [Mr. Pearce] has not yet been met, in
which he maintains, and successfully, as I think,
that if we admit the wheat of our Canadian neigh-
bors duty free, we are also bound to admit the
wheat of the countries lying on the Baltic, on the
same terms.
Is it fair to take away all the protection afforded
to the agricultural interest, while you retain that
atfeded to the manufacturing interest? Suppose,
sii^tve were to offer an amendment, that if any
country would receive our agricultural products
free of duty, we would take their manufactured
articles at a reduced rate of duty, say fifteen per
cent, ad valorem—and I have no doubt that some
reduction of that kind would actually increase the
revenue of the country—what favor would it find
in this Hall ? It would seem as if the agricultural
interest were considered a great beast of burden,
doomed to bear all the loads to be imposed upon
the productions of this country, and we tax it
freely and without remorse.
Now, sir, I am willing, so far as the agricul-
tural interests are concerned, to place them on the
footing of free trade, provided all other interests
are placed on the same footing. But to allow the
manufacturing interests to receive high protection,
and to take from the agricuituial interests all the
protection which is afforded to them—and that
much less than is alforded to the others—is unfair
and unjust. I know that the acute and able Sen-
ator from Connecticut ha  endeavored to meet the
argument of the Senator from Maryland by saying
that Canada is not a foreign country, but only a
dependency of Great Britian. It is not our terri-
tory; it is not yet annexed, although, perhaps,
this is a bill of quasi annexation. I say it is a bill
