186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
Atlantic cities, a monopoly of all the commerce,
part of which the disposition of these products
gave to those States.
The position and relation of Cuba towards the
Gulf States, and Georgia, and South Carolina, is,
in some respects, similar to the position and rela-
tion of the Canadas towards the northern and east-
ern States. Prior to 1834, our southern ports—
Charleston, Savannah, St. Augustine, Key West,
St. Marks, Apalachicola, Pensacola, Mobile, and
New Orleans, or at least those of them that had
any foreign commerce—had no inconsiderable trade
■with Cuba, n5t merely with Havana, but with dif-
ferent parts of that island, and a small trade with
Porto Rico.
1 learn, sir, that Wilmington, North Carolina,
had also some trade of the same kind. It was car-
ried on in small Spanish vessels, which brought to
us the agricultural products of those islands, and
exchanged them for our rice, corn, cotton, and live
stock, and other articles that our agriculturists, m
the vicinity of^the ports to which those vessels
came, could dispose of then. It was a trade of no
little value to the agriculturists who possessed it.
And yet, sir, Congress, to gratify the cupidity of
a few northern merchants, m 3834 cut it off, de-
stroyed it by a law passed hastily, and towards the !
dose of a session, and which we have since vainly 1
Sought to have repealed. The merchants who pro-
cured Us passage have monopolized under it the
Cuba and Porto Rico trade ever since, and some
of them have amassed fortunes from it. The pre-
tence for the act was this:
The local authorities of Cuba and Porto Rico j
impose heavy tonnage duties on vessels of theUni- i
ted States coming into those ports, ($1 06 per ton, j
I believe, perhaps more,) and heavj duties on their :
cargoes. Well, sir, on the 20th of June, 1834, in j
the manner and by the influence of the interests I ■
have stated, you passed an act called " An act con- j
cerning tonnage duties on Spanish vessels," by ,
•which you charged all Spanish vessels coming into ;
the United States from Cuba and Porto Rico ton- j
nage duty equivalent to the duties charged on i
American vessels and their cargoes in those islands, j
The Treasury Department was to estimate these i
retaliatory duties, and I believe $1 06 per ton is !
now charged; and further, as if the objcct was to !
destroy the ttade between those islands and the j
southern ports, and to secure the monopoly to the |
meichants who would establish regular lines of ves- '
sels, you prohibited Spanish vessels sailing from i
the United States, unless they cleared for these j
islands directly, from going to them, by requiring |
them to give bond with secutily before clearing :
that they would not land the cargoes there, and i
by requiring a consular certificate of the cargo '
being landed elsuwheie to cancel the bond. Tins [
of itself was sufficient to put an end to the trade by 1
the Spanish coasters, oven if the duty was not im-
posed. This act is still on your statute-book. The J
South has few vessels. The tiade before 1&34 was
chiefly carried on in small Spanish coasters that [,
enrne from the interior ports of those islands. The
effect of the law was, from the day of its passage,
to stifle the trade. Up (o that act the trade amount-
ed to as many millions of dollars annually as it
now amounts to thousands. 1 allude to the trade
in Spanish vessels. Up to the date of that act
the wharves of our southern commercial cities
were crowded with Spanish vessels bringing in
their produce and fruits, and receiving for them
the agricultural products of the neighborhood.
The amount of such impoits to the South in
1833 and 1834 exceeded a million of dollars m i
Spanish vessels, and now it does not amount to j
one thousand dollars a year. We buy, in Florida, i
but little Louisiana sugar or molasses. In fact we J
raise ourselves some for sale. Georgia and the :
Carohnas do not consume much of the produce of ;
Louisiana. The destruction of the Cuba and Porto
Rico tiade with the southern States is therefore no
advantage to those States that produce sugar. The '
effect is, that the Havana and Porto Rico sugar
and molasses, and other products that are con-
sumed in the southern States are first imported '
into the Atlantic cities, and then shipped coastwise ;
down South, and we have to pay all the increased j
expenses, besides losing the market for our pro- !
ducts and stocks that I have referred to, and some 1
of which can only be disposed of in such trade. \
Now, sir, I repeat, it is high time, when the North I
and East are asking for special legislation for the ,
benefit of their agricultural interests, for them j
to strike off the shackles they have imposed by
legislation injurious to the agricultural interests of
the South. Fair play, justice, equal legislation,
are all that we want. Your wealthy merchants of
the Atlantic cities, establishing regular lines of
traders to Cuba and Porto Rico, could obtain by
gratifications to the Spanish authorities, exemp-
tions from some of the onerous charges which the
casual trader could not; and hence they have mo-
nopolized the entire tiade.
At the last session of Congress I proposed a
resolution instructingthe Cornmitteeon Commerce,
of which my friend from New York [Mr. Dix] is
chairman, to bring in a bill to repeal the act of
1834. Its consideration at that session could not
be obtained Ipy me. At this session I modified it
to a resolution of inquiry, and the subject is now
before his committee. I am assured by the Sen-
ator that he is favorable to the principle such repeal
would maintain. The bill now under discussion
sustains that principle, it is the principle of stri-
king off all shackles from trade and commerce, and
allowing it to be free and unrestricted, cxcept as it
should be made subservient to the financial wants
of the country. Above all, it should be equal.
The doctrine of reciprocity is one that our pride
may induce us to sustain, sometimes to the preju-
dice of the interests of our trade with other nations,
that cannot, from local causes, establish the princi-
ples of fiee trade. In such cases it should not be
enforced. The Cuba and Porto Rico trade is such
a case. I \yould have been gratified if this bill had
contained a provision lepealing the act of 1834. It
would have done justice thus far to southern farm-
ers in the vicinity of our seaports, whose interests
aie sacrificed by that law for the northern merchants
and vessel owners. Out, sir, without that amend-
ment! will vote for the bill, and rely on the justice
■ and honesty of the East, North, and West, who
j desire this bill, to mete out to us the same hberal-
I ity. I will not suppose that they will refuse it. I
I trust that the Committee on Commerce will report
a bill repealing the act of 1834, forthwith, and that
! it will be passed at this session. As the bill has
| already passed the House, I will not embarrass it
} by an amendment, repealing the act, though, if
j proposed, I shall feel bound to vote for it; and if
i even it is rejected, it will not induce me to vote
j against this bill.
; Mr. DOWNS. I shall vote, sir, against the bill,
; and I shall do so for the reason, among others,
j that it will tend to make the revenue laws of the
| country partial in their operation. Here is the
i provision of the Constitution on the subject: "No
j ' preference shall be given, by any regulation of
i £ commerce or revenue, to the ports of one State
i ' over those of another." Now, I contend thatikere
■ is a difference created by this bill. Among the
I articles enumerated are fruits. Now, the Capes
of Florida do not certainly get their fruits from
Canada; they get them from Cuba. So it is with
New Orleans, Charleston, Savannah, &c. You
say, then, that fruits.from Canada shall pay no j
duty, but that fruits, because they come from !
another place, shall pay a duty. You thus make i
the revenue law unequal. It is a clear preference
given to the North. Why, if you establish this
principle, you may have to apply it where you
least expect. The citizens of Texas may find some
article in Mexico which it would be desirable to
have admitted free of duty, and they will claim an
equal privilege with that enjoyed by their brethren
of the North. Whenever you admit articles free
of duty in one quarter, you give that quarter a de-
cided preference. I, therefore, cannot vote for this
bill, f concur with the Senator from Florida,
however, in what he has said in legard to the in*
justicc done to the South by the difficulties thrown
in the way of trade between the West Indies and
the southern ports. I woultj. like to see those
difficulties removed or modified, and most assu-
redly I cannot consent to carry the inequality fur-
ther by giving additional privileges to another por-
tion of the Union while those restrictions exist in
the South.
It seems to me that the Senator from Illinois has
not looked so deeply into the interests of his own
State, in connection with this subject, as he usually
does; it seems to me that if he had, he would have j
found that its interests would be better promoted j
by extending the interests of the southern ports. '
How is it now? One of the chief southern ex- '
ports, flour, that goes to Cuba, is taxed a hundred !
per cent. This is a matter winch concerns the |
gentleman's State, and it concerns the interests of
the southern ports, particularly New Orleans. The
city of New Orleans is the commercial emporium
of the whole West. If this principle is to be adopt-
ed, I think that reciprocity should be extended to
Cuba; but the great objection which operates upon
my mind, and which I regard as conclusive, is that
suggested by the Senator from Virginia; that is,
the unequal operation of such a principle in differ-
ent parts of the United States. It was suggested
by the Senator from Connecticut that the benefit
of such a law would not accrue to the agricultural
interests, but to those of navigation; that the steam-
boats and transportation companies would be ben-
efited chiefly. Still, he was willing to go for the bill.
Suppose, then, you increase the business of
your steamboats in one locality, by granting pecu-
liar privileges, does not that operate unequally
upon the iruei ests of navigation? if the commerce
of the country is to be promoted by this bill, and
that alone, its purpose is as unequal, and its effect
I will be as unequal, in that point of view as in any
j other.
j But the chief ground of objection, and one
j which seems to me insuperable, is, that it pioposes
j an inequality in the revenue law, by permitting ar-
f ticles the growth or production of one neighboring
I country to be brought into our ports at one rate of
| duty, while the same articles, if brought from any
j other neighboring country, would be subjected to
| the payment of a different rate of duty. This
comes within the provision of the Constitution
against giving a preference to one State over
another, because, owing to geographical position,
one State will enjoy a greater share of advantage
than another. I cannot, for these reasons, give
my vote in favor of this bill.
Mr. METCALFE. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill upon the table?
PRESIDING OFFICER. It is perfectly in
order.
j Mr. METCALFE. I shall be disposed to make
! that motion, for it seems to me that the sooner we
- rid ourselves of this bill the better, in order that we
| may proceed with other business which it is neces-
; sary should be done at this session. It appears
| to me that the passage of a bill of this description
I would be but the commencement of a system, the
| effect of which would be very greatly to confuse
i our revenue system, introducing a system partial,
; scctional, and local in its operation. If we com-
i rncnce a system of legislation of this character, I
j do not know where we are to stop. There will be
i no end to it. I rose for the purpose of moving
j that the bill be laid upon the table, and I now
j make that motion.
I Mr. DIX. I really hope the Senator from Ken-
, tucky will withdraw that motion. There have been
■ various objections made to the bill to which I de-
j sire to reply.
I Mr. METCALFE withdrew his motion to lay
: the bill upon the table.
! Mr. DIX. It is now late, and I understand there
j is a Senator on the other side who desires to speak
; upon the subject, and I should not probably be
j able to finish what I have to sav before the time
. for adjournment to-dav. I therefore move that the
i bilHae postponed till to-morrow.
! The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER laid before the
| Senate the repot t of the Commissioner of the Pa-
i tent Office for the year 1847.
j Air. WESTCOTT. 1 have cursorily examined
; that report. It is, in my judgment, one of the
! most valuable documents ever laid before Con-
I grcss. ItwasmadebytheCommissionerofPatents,
| m obedience to a resolution of the Senate adopted
[ in January last, which I had the honor to pro-
; pose, under the instructions of the Committee on
i Patents. The Commissionerhas delayed the report
i until now in consequence of the difficulties in acqui-
, ring the proper data necessary to render the report
■ authentic and valuable. The report contains—
1. Statistics respecting steamboat explosions up
to the time of the report, obtained from reliable data.
2. Scientific informations to the causes of such
explosions.
3. Scientific information as co preventives to such
explosions.
4. It contains suggestions as to legislation with
reference to the prevention of accidents by such
