1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
the Union, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill to provide for carrying
into execution, in part, the twelfth article of the
treaty with Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo.
This bill, Mr. V. remarked, had been made a
special order some time since.
Mr. TOOMBS rose to inquire of the Chair
whether such was the fact? He thought it had
not been made a special order.
The SPEAKER, said, it was in the power of the
House to go into committee, and the committee
could decide what business was first m order. The
Clerk, however, stated that the bill had been made
a special order.
Mr. TOOMBS. When?
The Clerk. On the 20th of December.
Mr. TOOMBS. The vote was otherwise; and
the Journal is wrong. The bill was not made a
special order.
Mr. GOGGIN rose to inquire whether the post
office bill had not the priority in point of time?
The SPEAKER, was underetood to say, that
these were questions which the record would de-
cide. In committee, the special orders would be
taken up according to their dates.
Mr. VINTON inquired of the Chair whether,
at the commencement of the present session, a rule
had not been adopted which provided that no spe-
cial order should take preccdcnce over the appro-
priation billy?
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that the
Committee o.f the Whole on the state of the Union,
in taking up its business, would be governed by
the rules of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, rose to
inquire, if this was not resolution day?
The SPEAKERssaid, Petition day.
Mr. THOMPSON. Then it will require a vote
of two-thirds to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. No; that motion is in order
at any time and on any day.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Vinton, and decided in the affirmative.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rock-
well, of Connecticut, in the chair.)
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill he had desig-
nated,
Mr. GOGGIN said, if in order, he would move
that the committee take up the bill in relation to the
rates of postage and the franking privilege.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the committee resume the consideration of the
President's message.
The question was taken first on the motion of
Mr. Vinton; hut no quorum voted.
Tellers (Messrs. Hubbard and McClernand)
were appointed, and the affirmative vote having
been taken, was declared to be 94. The noes were
not counted.
The title of the bill having been read—
Mr. TOOMBS rose to a point of order. He
wished to he informed what the special orders j
were, if there were any. He understood that this
bill was not a special order.
The CHAIRMAN said, the Clerk would refer
, to the Journal.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to know what the Jour-
nal says.
Mr. VINTON said, that at the commencement
of the session, one of the rules which had been
adopted by the House, provided that it should be
in order to take up appropriation bills either in the
Houseor in committee, notwithstanding any other
bill had been made a special order.
Mr. TOOMBS made a femark in reply, not
distinctly heard, but which closed by appealing to
the Journal.
The CHAIRMAN caused the records to be
searched, but (as the reporter understood) without
finding an entry of such a special order.
Mr. TOOMBS asked that it be shown that this
bill had been made a special order. He made
the point of order, that, in case there were a special
order which was an appropriation bill, it was not
competent for the committee to take up this hill
until it could be shown by the Journal that it had
been made the special order for this day. He in-
quired of the Clerk if there were other special
orders which were appropriation bills?
The Clerk replied there were.
Mr. VINTON said his impression was this: !
that this bill was reported with the deficiency bill, !
! and that both were made special orders together. |
| Mr. HUBBARD said his recollection fully con- i
j curred with that of the gentleman from Ohio. I
! Mr. TOOMBS said this discrepancy of opinion '
! among gentlemen showed the necessity of referring I
f to the Journal. He knew that the gentleman had i
made the motion on the 20th December, to which j
he (Mr. T.) had objected. The Chair had an- i
nounced, that if objection was made, it would i
require a suspension of the rules to receive the 1
motion to make a special ordei, and the motion lo ;
suspend could not be made that day. He was i
j satisfied, that if the Journal stated it had been ;
; made a special order, it was an erroneous entry |
j at the time, for the annunciation had been other-1
| wise.
| EIGHTH OF JANUARY.
| Mr. SAWYER said, in order that gentlemen
[ may have time to settle this difficulty, I mo\e that
j the committee rise, for the purpose of adjourning,
' so that we Democrats may celebrate the eighth of
i January. [Laughter.]
! The motion of Mr. S. was agreed to.
; And the committee rose and reported,
i Mr. STEPHENS moved that the House ad-
,journ.
1 Mr. GREELEY asked the yeas and nays.
: The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
| taken, resulted—yeas 120, nays 70.
: YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bairow, Beale, Bedmger, Bin -
, ham, iiu(Kill, Hocock, Btnvlin, Bo\d, Brady, William G.
i fjrovvn, Cliaries B?ovvn, Cabell, Chase, Clapp, Franklin
: Clark, Beveily L. Clarke, Ciingman, Howell Cobh, Cocke,
Collins, Daniel, Darlin?, Dickey, Dickinson, Donrieli,Faran,
Featherston, Ficklin, Floinnoy, Fierieh, Fulton, Gayle,
Gentry, Goggm, Green, Willaid P. Hall, Hammons. Haral-
son, Harman:-on? Hams, Hill, flilliairi, George S. Houston,
Charles J. Incersoll, Jo.-epli R. lngrr<oll, Irvin, I\er-
son, Jameson. Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Robctt W. John-
son, George W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kaufman, Keilogs,
Ivennon, Lalim, La S6re, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, Ligon,
Lord, Lumpkin, McClelland. McClernand, McDowell. Mc-
llvame, McKay, JVIcLane, Marvin, Meade. Miller, Muie-
liead, Morn*, Morse, Muiphy, Ne«s, Outlaw, Pea>lee, Peek,
Petrie, Pettit, Pcjton, Phelp-*, PiKbuiy, Pollock, Preston,
Rhett, Richardson, Kichey, Robinson, Roekhill, Kuniaey,
Saw\er, Shernll, Simpson, Ssmnrt, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Starkweathei, Stephens, Chaile-> F>. Stuart, Thomas, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Richard XV. Thompson, John
B. Thompson, Robert A. Thomi/M>n, William Thompson,
Thurston, Tonmlx, Turner, Veneble, Wallace, Went-
woith, Wick, Wiley, William*, and Wilrnot—120.
NAYS— Me-s>rs. Abbott, Adam-, Belcher, Blackmar,
Blanchard, Bolt*, Boyden, Biodhend, Buckner. Burt. Burlcr,
Canity, Catbenrt, Chapman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Col-
lamet, Congei, Cranston, Cri-field, Crozier, Cummins,
Dixon, Duel, Dunn, Eckert, Edwards, Embree, Nathan
Evan*:, Farreily, Fi-hor, Frecdley, Game*. Giriding*, Gott,
Greeley,Gregory,Gunnel!, Nathan K. Hail, Jame*G Hamp-
ton, Henley, Henry, Elias B. Holmes, Hubbard, Thomas
Butler Kins, Daniel P. Kinu, William T. Lawrence, Lin-
coln, Mnllm, Nelson, Newell, Nicoll, Palfrey, Putnam,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Rose, Root, St. John,
Sehenck, Shepperd, Truman Smith, Strohm, Tavlor, Tuck,
Van D\ko, Vinton, Warren, White, Wilson, and Wood-
ward—70.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following memorials and petitions were presented j
under the rule, and referred: ;
By Mr. FREEDJLEY: The petition of Thoma* Road and i
36 other citizens ot the borough of Nonis-town, Pennsslva- 1
ma, for the passage i t a law for the immediate abolition of ,
s-laveiy m the Dis-tuctof Columbia, ami protesting a amst ■
the retroepv-um of any p-ut of ^aid District. Al«;o, the
petition of William Ro^itei and 3} other citizens of the
boiou^hot j\orriMown, Pennsylvania, as-kmg that the Jef-
fer-onian otciin.inco of lTc-7, prohibiting slavery, may be
ingrafted on any law which rnav be passed oiganizing Ter- |
ntorial Governments for New Mexico and Cahlornia, and !
protecting again-t any comproniiy-e wheieby slavery may be
allowed to encroach on urritoiy now fr^e; also, against
the boundaries of Texas being enlarged be>ond its original ;
limit*, so as to embrace territory recently acquired from !
Mexico. !
By Mr. FRIES: The memorial of F. Hitman, of Franklin 1
county. Ohio, a-kum addition to pension.
By "Mr. \iUKPKY: The petition of Charles Johnston,
pravinef)ra pension, m cons-ideiation ol injuries received
in the United States naval service.
By Mr. WILLIAM T.LAWRENCE: The petition of the ;
puhh-hers of penodieaK. on the Mibjectof posiage.
By Mr. ANDREW JOHNSON - The petition of Charles
Cari'ill. pia\ing Congu to grant him a pension.
By Mr. CROWELL: The petition ot John T. Ball, for
extra pav for services rendered in the Clerk's otliee of the
IIou*e of Representative*.
By Mr. CRANSTON* The petition of J. K. Angell and
others, praying Confess to pass an act to reduce the rates
of postage to uniform rate of two cents for a single let-
ter.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 9, 1849.
Mr. YULEE presented a petition from the land
officers of the State of Florida, asking for com-
missions on the entry of military land warrants;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition from
John W. Mount, a volunteer in the Mexican war,
asking for an increase of his pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition from
citizens of Iowa, asking for the construction of a
bridge over the Des Moines i iver, at Keosauqua, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Fred-
erick Dent, asking the confirmation of his land
claims; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. STURGEON presented three petitions
from Luzerne, Lancaster, and Chester counties,
Pennsylvania, praying for a modification of the
taulF of 1846; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
COLONIZATION OF COLORED PERSONS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the petition of
Daniel P. Beddmger, asking that an annual appro-
priation may be made by Congress for the trans-
portation of such free persons of color as may '
desire to emigrate to Liberia, or such slaves as
may be manumitted.
In stating the substance of the petition, Mr. U.
remarked: It prays that Congress will appropriate
money for the purpose of sending out fiee people
of color to the colony of Liberia, or elsewhere; and
also that they will make an appropriation for the
purpose of colonizing slaves hereafter to be manu-
mitted. I present the memorial, and ask its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary, together
with the following instructions: To inquire and
report whether Congress possesses the constitu-
tional power to appropriate money for the removal
of free people of color who may choose to emigrate,
and slaves who may hereafter be emancipated for
that purpose, to the Republic, of Liberia or else-
where; and if, in the opinion ot the committee.
Congress possesses the power, whether it be expe-
dient and proper to make such appropriation, if
the Senate will indulge me, I will make one or two
remarks.
Mr. HALE. I call the gentleman to order.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The gentleman from
Kentucky will be seated, and the question of order
will be stated.
Mr. HALE. It was decided yesterday by the
Chair that i was out of order in undertaking to
make some remarks upon introducing and asking
the reception and reference of a petition praying
the Senate to take action against slavery. This,
sir, is a petition of precisely similar character, ex-
cept that it prays Congress to take action in favor
of slavery. The question of order that I raise is,
whether the rule applies both ways, to petitions
asking the action of Congress favorable to slavery*
as well as to those asking adverse action? The
question of order that I make ie, that this petition
comes within the rule that was applied to me yes-
terday.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 would like to hear those in-
structions read.
PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a question
of order pending. The decision of the Chair (hat
was made yesterday is mistaken by the Senator
from New Hainpslme. The motion of the Sena-
tor was, m the first place, that the petition be re-
ceived; and he immediately superadded to that
motion a motion that the petition be referred to the
committee, with instructions, stating at the same
time that, upon this last motion, he wished to ad-
dress the Senate. The Senator from Alabama then
immediately interposed a desire that the motion to
receive should be first disposed of. That, accord-
ing to the practice of the Senate, was the proper
course to be taken. The ptesent motion on the
part of the Senator from Kentucky is not to receive
the petition, but that it be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, with instructions; and it appears
to the Chair that the Senator from Kentucky is
perfectly in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will now inform the
gentleman from South Carolina over the way, if
he will give me his attention, what the instructions
