190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
are which I propose to send to the committee. I
will explain again. The petition of Mr. Beddinger
prays Congress to appropriate money for the pur-
pose of removing to the Republic of Liberia or
elsewhere, free people of color; and, furthermore,
that they will make an appropriation for the re-
moval of such slaves as may be hereafter manu-
mitted for that purpose from the United States.
Now, I propose referring the petition, with the
following instructions, to the Committee on the
Judiciary: To inquire and report whether Con-
gress possesses the constitutional power to appro-
priate money for the removal of free people of
color who may choose to emigrate, and slaves who
may hereafter be manumitted for that purpose, to
the Republic of Liberia or elsewhere; and if, in
the opinion of the committee, Congress possesses
such a power, then further to report whether it be
expedient and proper to make any such appropri-
ation as the petitioner asks.
The remark which I intended to make, if the
motion prevailed, was this: Congress has appro-
priated large sums of money for the removaljof
the Indians from one part of the United States to
another portion of the United States. Congress
has appropriated considerable sums of money for
the removal of captured Africans from the United
States to the shores of Africa. Now, the removal
of Indians from one part of the United States to
another, and the removal of captured Africans
from the United States to the shores of Africa,
constitute precedents that I hope the committee
will take into consideration, and that they will
distinguish between those precedents and the
prayer of the petition. I have been induced fur-
thermore, sir, to ask its reference to the Judiciary
Committee, that they may be charged with the con-
stitutional and legal questions connected with the
subject, from the consideration that a gentleman
by the name of Cook, from Illinois, not long since,
sent me a string of amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, asking me to present
them; the object of which was, to procure an
amendment to the Constitution authorizing just
such an appropriation as this petition asks for
without such previous amendment. In consider-
ation-, therefore, of the importance of the question,
I ask its reference to the committee.
Mr. HALE. I object to the reception of the
petition, and move that the motion for its reception
lie upon the table; and upon that motion I ask the
ypf\s and nays.
Messrs. DAYTON and UNDERWOOD simul-
taneously rose to address the Chair.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to lay
upon the table is not debatable.
Air. UNDERWOOD, Can I not ask for a di-
vision of the question ?
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question that
must fitst be put is the question upon the motion
to lay the motion for reception on the table. That
is a privileged motion, and there can be no divis-
ion of that motion.
Air. UNDERWOOD. I will ask the Chair if
the petition has not already been received > 1 was
permuted to state the -contents, and not only to
state the contents of the petition, but to repeat
those contents for the information of the Senator
from South Carolina, and also to read the instruc-
tions which I propose to send to the committee;
and I supposed that the question would come up
on the instructions I proposed for the committee,
directing their attention to the subject of the power
of Congress in such a case.
PRESlDf NG OFFICER. In the opinion of the
Chair, nothing more has been done than the read-
ing of the petition and accompanying papers, and
it is perfectly competent for the Senator from New
Hampshire to move that the motion of reception
be laid on the table.
On that question, the yeas and nays having been
asked for, they were ordered, and, having been
taken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Butler, DavU of Mississippi, Downs,
Foote, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia. King. Masou.VTestcou,
and Yulee—10.
NAYS—M&«rs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Baldwin,
Bell, Benton, Berrien, Bradbury, Calhouu, Cameron, Clarke,
Clayton, Dayton, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Folch
I'ltztjeraM, Hale, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, Jones'
Meicalfr M.llor, NUes, i'eareo, Ph-Ip., Ku-k, Spruance I
I urnoy. Underwood, Uph.im, and Walker—35. j
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is now !
upon the reception of the petition. I
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my motion. |
Mr. DAYTON. I hope the resolution will lie
over a day or two. Ordinarily, I would not pre-
sent any objection to immediate action; but inas-
much as the question mooted in the petition will
devolve upon the Judiciary Committee great labor
and difficulty, I would be gratified if the Senator
from Kentucky will consent to the petition lying
over for a short time.
It was laid over accordingly.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the memorial of
Wells & Co., asking the aid of Congress in the
construction of a railroad across the Isthmus of
Tehuantepec.
Mr. BRADBURY moved the reference of this
memorial to the Committee on the Post Office and
! Post Roads.
| Mr. DOUGLAS suggested that as a similar sub-
1 ject was before the Committee on Military Affairs,
' the most appropriate reference would be to that
committee.
Mr. BRADBURY persisted in his motion ;
which was negatived.
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition from John J.
Simpson, asking compensation for damage done to
i his property by United States troops; which was
' referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented memorials from the
counties of .Franklin and Tioga, Pennsylvania,
praying for a change of the taniF; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented several petitions
from Pennsylvania, praying that Congress would
purchase the estate of Mount Vernon; which were
referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr.^CAMERON presented a petition from Jo-
seph Nock, asking compensation for a violation of
Ins contract by the Post Office Department; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. CAMERON presented additional docu-
ments in the case of James Harley; which was
referied to the Committee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the petition of
Samuel H. Thompson was taken from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from the
Ohio and Indianapolis Railroad Company, asking
J a grant of lands tor the construction of a railroad
j from Jeff rsonviiie to Columbus; which was re-
| (erred to the Committee on Public Lands.
I Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
I citizens of New York, asking for a reduction of
! the rates of postage, and the abolition of the frank-
j ing privilege; which was referred to the Commit-
; tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
jj GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF CALIFORNIA AND
|j OREGON.
|| Mr. PEARCE asked the unanimous consent of
j; the Senate to introduce a joint resolution authori-
jj zing the appointment of a suitable person to make
!; a geological reconnoissance of Cahtornia and Ore-
gon.
Leave having been granted, the joint resolution
was introduced, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public. Lands.
The joint resolution is as follows:
Resolved, ere., Tllat the Pi evident of the United States he,
and hi; is hereby, aitthoi ized, by and with the consent ol the
Senate, to appoint <i geologist to accompany the navy and
army officers who have been appointed to examine the coa^t
ol Cahiorma, for the purpose of reporting on the proper places
tor forts, dockyards, hi'lu-houses, £e. The said
shall he allowed the c-alaty ol  thou-and dollars pel an-
num, and the necessary outfit to be sunphed by the War and
Navy Depai tments.
APPELLATE JURISDICTION OF THE SUPREME
COURT. j
Mr. YULEE, pursuant to notice, asked and ■
obtained leave to introduce a bill in addition to the
"act to regulate the appellate duties of the Supreme
Court of the United States in certain cases, and
for other purposes," approved February 22, 1817;
which was read a first and second time, aild re-
ferred to the (Jommittee on the Judiciary.
RETURN OF A JOINT RESOLUTION. ■
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate ordered '
that the joint resolution of the House of Repr^- '
sentatives for the relief of Samuel P. Anderson be
returned to the House in compliance with the re-
quest transmitted in a message from that body.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise, Mr. President, for
the purpose of making a motion—which I do'not
care to have disposed of now, but wish to have
entered and laid over till to-morrow—to reconsider
the vote by which the petitions offered by the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] yester-
day were laid on the table. I make this motion
sir, because it is manifest, from his remarks, that
he thinks that the peculiar interest—which we re-
gard him as the peculiar representative of here—
is not treated like the particular interests of other
Senators. At Ihe instance of the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Dayton] the petition which { present-
ed this morning, and the resolution I offered in
connection, giving instructions to the committee to
whom it was referred, have been laid on the toble
until to-morrow. I wish this motion of mine en-
tered and disposed of to-morrow, when the petition
I presented comes up for final action. I wish to
say, in addition, that in this motion I desire to em-
brace not only the petition of the gentleman from
New Hampshire, but that presented by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, [Mr. Corwin,] who sits near me.
Let them fare alike.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a bill from the House to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1849, with amend-
ments; which were ordered to he printed.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on Claims,
reported House bill for the relief of Joseph Gerard,
without amendment.
RECIPROCITY WITH CANADA.
Mr. FITZPATRICK gave notice, that when
j; the Canada trade hill should come up again, he
i' would offer the following amendment as an addi-
j tional section:
II Be it further ennctcA, That the act pa-^ed June 30, 1834,
11 entitled "An act concerning tonnage duty on Soanish ves-
i, sclsj" be, and the samp is hereby, repealed; and th.il Siere-
|! after Spanish vessels fiom the islands of Cuba and Puerto
! I Rico shall pay the same ami no higher orothei tonnage
duties, and the same and no higher oi other duties shall be
charged upon their cargoes, than if said vessels were from
other port? of Spain.
^ Mr. FITZPATRICK" observed that the act re-
i ferred to was the act commented on yesterday by
'' the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Westcott,] in dis- "
i cussing the bill to which this amendment was now
! offered, and which was passed over to-day in con-
i sequence of the absence of the Senator from New
j \ ork [Mr. Dix] on account of a domestic bereave-
! mem.
j The amendment was ordered to be printed.
| ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
I Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill for the
admission of California into the Union as a State,
I reported the same back without amendment, and
submitted a report m writing.
The report was read by the Secretary, as fol-
lows:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill for the admission of California
into the Union as a State, ask leave to submit the
following report:
The bill proposes to declare that all that portion
of the territory of the United States which was
acquired by the treaty of peace with Mexico shall
, be one State.
j That the said territory shall be declared to be at
; once (by force of this bill) one of the United States
; of America.
I That such State shall be on an equal footing
| with the original States, in all respects whatso-
j ever, by the name cind title of the State of CaU-
' fornia.
j With a proviso which declares—
j That Congress reserves to itself the right, at
any time it may ohoo«e to execute the same, of
! forming and admitting new States out of any por-
tion of Raid territory which lies east of the summit
of the ran^e known as the Sierra Nevada, or Cal-
ifornia Mountains, and with certain other reserva-
tions J'or the protection of the public property of
the United States m the said Smte. *
It provides for the establishment of district courts
of the United States and the appointment of the
requisite oiHceis, as m the other States of the
Union, and for the repiesentation of the said State
in the Congress of the United States.
