192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9.
it is subject to the jurisdiction of Congress, so far
as the ughfR of the Territory are concerned, and
without looking to the terms of the resolution for
the annexation of Texas, or inquiring whether it
may not be considered wholly subject to their ju-
risdiction. In every event, with a view to the
equitable and more speedy adjustment of the
boundary between the State of Texas and this
newly acquired territory, and without expressing
an opinion of the validity or invalidity of the claim
of that State, in the opinion of the committee it
would be desirable that this boundary should be
determined before any new State is created whose
limits would be affected by it.
The committee are, however, very sensible of
the importance of providing a government for each
of these Territories, as well from a just regard to
the welfare of the people who inhabit them, as to
the interests of the United States and of our treaty
stipulations with Mexico; and without enteung
into details on this subject which are familiar to
oil, and awaiting the further instructions of the
Senate, the committee ask leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to pass the hill entitled
tl A biil tor the admission of California into the Union as a
State."
A majority of the committee also recommend
the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is proper to organize Terntoiial Govern-
ments for that portion ot the Territory of California which
lies west of the cJierra Nevada}or Calilornia Mountains, and
for the Territory of New Mexico, lying west of the western
boundary of the State of Texas.
The reading of the report and resolutions having
been concluded—
Mr. MASON. The report that has just been
read is upon a subject not only deeply interesting
to the Senate, but to the whole American people.
In consideration, therefore, of its great importance,
and of the necessity of placing the document before
the people as extensively as possible, I move, that
in addition to the usual number, ten thousand
copies of the leport be punted for the use of the
Senale.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not know that I shall
vote against the printing of the extra number of
this document proposed by the honorable Senator
from Virginia. 1 should have been glad, however,
if an opportunity had been given to the author of
this bill to have placed his views of the subject
before the Senate prior to this report against it. 1
should be gratified, nevertheless, if, when this doc-
ument goes to the country with its course of rea-
soning and its facts, the other side of the question
could accompany it, so that the country may judge
of both sides for themselves. I am not wedded to
the bill in the precise form m which it went to the
Committee on thf Judiciary. It is well known to
Senators, that as far as my own opinions were con-
cerned, 1 was willing to make important amend-
ments in this bill, provided the principle was
retained of admitting California into the Union at ;
this session of Congress. The question of bound- i
ary j was willing to have obviated, and the ques-
tion of division would have fallen with it. I
As I understand, there are three objections made ;
to the bill. First, that it is unprecedented, and
perhaps unconstitutional, for Congress to admit a \
Slate before she has previously organized a State I
government; secondly, that the proviso of one of I
the sections of the bill is unconstitutional, because '
in that proviso it is stimulated that the ceded ter-
ritory may be divided;' and thirdly, because it
leaves the question of the Texas boundary to be
decided by the Supreme Court of the United States.
This last objection is one of the merits of the bill,
in my estimation. 1 contend, sir, that theSupreme
Court of the United States is not only the true tri-
bunal, but the only constitutional tribunal fur the
settlement of this question.
The committee think, sir, that this question ought
to be stttled by Congress, inasmuch as Congress
has the full power of settling it, so far as the rights I
of the Territory are concerned. That is very true, !
sir. But has Congress the power of settling it so |
far as the rights of the State of Texas are con- |
cernedr Texas sets up a claim to this country up j
to the Rio Grande. Can Congress decide whether |
the claim of Texas be valid or not? If the claim \
of Texas is valid, can Congress take away one j
inch of the territory from her possession? Does !
the Constitution specify that Congress shall decide i
a question of disputed boundary of this charac- I
ier? I apprehend not. But the Constitution has I
j given to the Supreme Court jurisdiction in such a
j question. The cffect of withdrawing the decision
| of this question from the Supreme Court, and vest-
: ing it in Congress, is to declare that this question
| shall be decided against the Territory, and to deny
i the claims of the Territory without refeience to
J whether these claims are valid or not. I desire to
i have a just decision upon the question by a tribu-
f nal competent to adjudicate it; and to have a decis-
! ion on this question according to the laws and the
j facts applicable to those laws, and thus to do justice
j to both parties. The objection of the committee,
| if carried into effect, will abandon the rights of the
I Territory, and decide in advance that those rights
i shall be surrendered, whether just or not. An ar-
; gument in favor of the bill was, that it would pro-
I vide for a legal and just decision m the matter, i
i do not intend to enter into a discussion of this
i question. I merely wish to state the effect of the
i principle taken by the committee, if carried out.
i And now as to the second objection—taking them
j in the reversed order in which they are piesented
1 by the committee—that the proviso in one of the
| sections of the bill retaining the power of subdi-
! vision, grants a power that it is not competent for
j the Government of the United States to exercise.
i I suppose, if the committee had inserted two words
I as an amendment, it would have been equally as
S clear and acceptable. It would then read, "has
| the power to divide, with the consent of the State."
1 Senators know I was willing to insert those two
! words. As as addition of the committee it would
1 have had great merit, but I am not willing to yield
! the point that the proviso would be of no effect
| without those words. I would acquiesce in their
I insertion. At the same time that I maintain the
! proposition that Congress can put no clause in its
, laws limiting the sovereignty of a State, yet the
j assertion that, in this case, the reservation of the
| power of subdivision merely for the purpose of
j! regulating the boundary, involved necessarily the
right of limiting the sovereignty of the State, I do
J not admit. The question of sovereignty does not
tl depend upon the extent of the State, whether it is
!, large or small. Jf you attempt to limit the rights
ii of the State upon the subject of banking, the
j; finances, the currency, or taxation, then the ques-
l| tion may arise, Are you not violating the State
!; sovereignty ? But if it is only a question of bound-
n ary, as to what particular limits the State sover-
I eignty shall extend, I am notwilhng to admit that
|; you cannot limit the extent of the State, because it
ii has the same attributes of sovereignty with a small
j j as with a large boundary.
II Then, sir, upon the main proposition, the only
one in which 1 feel a particular interest, and which
I am not willing to yield. If by that pioposition
it is maintained that it is not competent for Con-
gress to admit California into the Union at this
time, I would maintain the affirmative of the prop-
; osition, that it js competent: I maintain that the i
, precedents are uniformly in favor of the proposi- ;
: tion, instead of being uniformly against it. I
The framers of the Constitution never dreamed
; that a State constitution was to be presented to
Congress for the purpose of seeing whether that
State constitution was m conformity with the
! Constitution of the United States, under the clause
i that Congress guaranties a republican form of gov-
i ernmentto each State. ^That clause states that the
; United States shall guaranty a republican form of
I government, and, in case that form of government
i shall be subverted, then the United States must
; interfere to protect it, and raise it up again. Sir,
none of the original States ever furnished its con-
stitution to Congress, so that Congress mi^ht see
whether it was republican or not. Some did not
have a written constitution at that time; Rhode
| Island, for instance, although she had enactments
and a certain form of legislation which might pass '
very respectably for a constitution. Congress never
had the opportunity of seeing whether the constitu-
tions of the first new States admitted were republican
in its judgmentor not; yet it guaranties to maintain
a republican form of government to each State, in <j
conformity with the policy of the Government of'
the United States. The firstactthat ever passed for
the admission of a new State into this Union was :
that for the admission of the State of Kentucky.
Kentucky had no constitution at the time Congress i:
passed the act for her admission into the Union. 1
She never presented a constitution to Congress, and !'
to this day Congress has never seen it. Kentucky ll
was formerly a district of the State of Virginia; W
but, in consequence of Virginia passing an act
t which gave consent to her .separation and forma-
j tion into a new State, a convention met in Ken-
j tucky and petitioned Congress to pass an act
J, admitting her into the Union as a State. On the
j] 4th of Februaiy, 1792, Congress passed an act
ji declaring that Kentucky should become one of the
i members of the Confederation on and after the 1st
1 day of June. But at the time of the passage of
this act by Congress, Kentucky had no constitu-
tion, no organized government, and was nota State
in any sense of the word—in short, had no State
organization of any kind. It was composed of
detached counties of the State of Virginia, without
any regular organized form of government—in a
. state of anarchy, I suppose, in the estimation of
the committee. After Congress passed the act of
4th February, 1792, in the month of April, a con-
vention of the people of Kentucky assembled and
formed a constitution and State government, and
she came into the Union on the 1st of June there-
after, the time specified. But Congress never saw
that new constitution; it was never piesented to us
here to investigate and see whether it was conform-
able to the Constitution of the United States.
There was no State constitution, as I have before
said, existing in Kentucky when she was ad-
mitted into the Union any more than now exists
in California.
The next case of the admission of a new State
into the Union was that of the State of Vermont;
which Slate occupied a peculiar position during
the Revolution, having a government of her own
;j at that period, and when she applied for admission
into the Union upon an equal footing with the on-
;j ginal States, she was received into the Union; but,
, as respects her constitution, it was never presented
i here for examination. Congiess had no official
, notice even that she had a constitution. Itwasnot
I customary at that time to acquaint Congress with
ij the fact whether she had organized a constitution,
!| and no such notice was ever presented here.
| The next State that was admitted was that of
■ ' Tennessee. WhetherTennessee was admitted into
the Union without any constitution, or without
jj showing it, if in possession of one, I am not pre-
■ pared at this moment to say positively, because,
upon looking for the history of that Slate, I found
j1 that it was in the possession of the committee, to
1 aid them in their investigations. But it does not
•; appear from the act of admission, as is usual in
;i such cases where the fact exists, that she ever
presented a constitution to the consideration of the
!, United States, or that Congress knew of its exist-
jj ence.
!< Thus, sir, in the three States first admitted into
the Union under the Constitution of the United
i States, it was never officially recognized by Con-
| gress that they had any organized State govern-
ments. They never furnished their constitutions
to Congress for inspection. Ohio was the first
j State that did this. And why did Ohio furnish
, her constitution for the examination of this Gov-
| ernment? It was because Ohio was part of the
I; Northwestern Territory, and that Northwestern
! Territory was governed by the ordinance of 1787;
1 that ordinance providing that certain fundamental
j principles of liberty laid down in its provisions
i should form a part of the government of any State
that should be formed out of said territory. The
, aiticles of compact contained in that ordinance
I were made between the State of Virginia and other
, States, as such were binding, and were held at that
| day to have been guarantied by the Constitution.
i Under this view, it was deemed necessary that Ohio -
! should present her constitution, not that Congress
I might see whether it agieed with the Constitution
j of the United States, but whether the compact—
| which compact required that these fundamental
• principles of liberty should be incorporated into
i their constitution—was fulfilled. Hence you find
j it stated in the act declaring Ohio to be admitted
■ into Lhe Union, that whereas the people of Ohio
foimed a certain constitution at a certain day, in
conformity with the articles of the compact con-
tained in the ordinance of 1787, therefore she
should be admitted into the Union. I find that
the same thing occurred upon the admission of
the State of Indiana into the Union, and that it is
specified in the act of Congress that whereas the
people of Indiana have formed a constitution in
compliance with the articles of compact contained
in the ordinance of 1787, therefore Indiana should
be admitted into the Union. So with Illinois.
