194
THE C0MGR1SSI0NAL ©LOBE.
Jan. 9,
committee to accord with them all; nor did the.
Senator who introduced the bill [Mr. Douglas]
e.xp«ct the qaminjttee to accord with all its details—
still I could see vcrv clearly thai a bill might have
been made out of it—which it was competent for
the committee to make—which would obviate all
the constitutions.! objections urged against it. If
the committee considered it incompetent or im-
proper to bring California into the Union at once
as a State, according to tjje terms of the bill; it was
certainly competent for the committee to modify
the bill so as to make it prospective, as has been
done in the case of other States, so that on the
formation of the constitution the people of Califor-
nia might come into the Onion as a State. Such
a course would have been proper, and in accord-
ance with precedents. For if gentlemen will look
into the precedents of this kind, they will find that
in the very first foreign territory we ever acquiied—
Louisiana—and vuhm fourteen months after the
American ilsg was first raised in New Orleans, an
act of Congress was passed allowing the people of
that part of the Stale of Louisiana organized into
the Territory of Orleans to come into the Union
whenever there should be sixty thousand inhab-
itants in the Territory. .What was to prevent the
committee from modifying this bill" in that way?
They might have made it prospective. They
might have modified it in any manner they chose.
For the same reason I cannot see why the ob-
jections urged on account of California embracing
too much territory should have been insuperable.
This difficulty might have been obviated by pro-
posing to confine the Sta'.s to that portion of Cali-
fornia west of the Sierra Nevada, which limitation, j
I understand, is contemplated by the resolution |
reported by the committee in favor of a Territorial j
government. I prefer, that m a matter so ml- j
portant as this, which affects to a high dejree the •
great interests of the country, instead of casting it 1
off at a single blow, we should enter into the |
measures of that bill, and if we do not like it in its [
present form, that v.-e s:iou!d put it into a shape !
that would be acceptable. i
I cannot see, even supposing the constitutional
oBfections urged against admitting California into I
the Union as a State to be true, that there could j
be any objection to the passage of a bill authoris-
ing the people of California—whatever boundaries
you may please to affix to the Territory—to form !
a State constitution-, und then—as in the ease of j
Louisiana, ofFlorida, and of many other Territo- 1
ries, whetheiracqtured from a foreign country or '
not—admit them into the Union as a State, on the j
presentation by them of a republican constitution. '
For these reasons I could not concur in the re-
port of the majority of the committee, that the bill
ought to be rejcctc-J. I retired that it should le
amended.
I shall not now dwell upon all the points taken in <
he report. I did not disagree to ail the points; on '
the contrary, I concurred in several of them. As '
to that point which doubts or denies the power or
the practice of the Government of the Unit'ed States
to admit Territories into the Union without a con-
stitution, or without an organization of some kind,
I differ materially from the report. I think the main
error of the report is based on that point.
I do not intend to enter into the discussion of
that subject now. Even were 1 disposed to do so,
♦j have been anticipated, in a great measure, by the
eloquent gentleman from Illinois, who has devoted
much attention to this matter, and has investigated
i.t thoroughly. I differed in opinion with the com-
mittee as to the main question, whether or not this
bill should be rejected. ! differ also from that clause :
of the report in v.h.ch it is asserted that it is not f
competent or u--nal for Congress to admit any Ter- '
ritory into the Tju.nn as a State until a constitution i
or organization ot some kind has "been formed. !
I have risen, o:t t'>K occasion, merely to allude, in 1
as brief a maimer as p./ssihie, to the points of dif- '
ferenee between the majority of the committee and |
myself I will give tic reasons upon -.vhich i base 1
-ray opinions waen the subject properly comes up. j
In order to bring the real point at issue before the.'
Sgnate, i will submit the following resolution, and j
ask, that it be printed and iaid on the, table, with I
the understanding that I shall offer it as a substi- j
tute for the resolutions of the committee when the '
report comes up for consideration: :
may deem proper, immediately into the Union, on an equal
footing with the other S.tates; and that the Committee on
—  be instiucted to report a bill tor tfiut purpose for that
portion of California which lies west of the summit of the
Sierra Nevada mountain**
There is one point to which I would refer very
briefly. I concur with the Senator from Illinois,
who has so eloquently addressed the Senate on
this subject, that it is important that bomething
should be done immediately to give the people or
California a government of some kind. 1 very
much doubt, after all the impressions of the Sen-
ate and the country, whether any steps can be
taken in this matter which will be perfectly satis-
factory to every quarter of the Union. I have
serious, unhappy forebodings resting on my mind
in regard to this subject. It is difficult for me to
despair of the republic. I cannot give up all hopes
of conciliation and harmony. But 1 have strong,
serious forebodings of evil, that are every day in-
creasing. I see, sir, the cloud coming. 1 see the
danger afar off. I see the position which my sec-
tion of the country must take when that event sht ll
come. But I believe that wc should use every
means and put forth every exertion to avert the
crisis. While I am thus situated, I wish my po-
sition and the position of my secpon of the coun-
try to be understood. I wish it not to be left m
doubt,-but to be so plain that it may be read on
the heavens, so that when that crisis, with its
dreadful consequences, shall come, no one can
say that every means of conciliation was not ex-
hausted which could prevent it.
I shall riot be partial to this or to any scheme of
compromise. I have concuned cheerfully in two
others heretofore, and I-will concur in a dozen
others, if they are all reasonable, fair, and proper.
This proposition for admitting California into
the Union as a State at once, dliters from the two
other propositions, but I thought it might be satis-
factory and that it might terminate happily; hence,
1 felt it to be my duty, as i think it the duty of
every one, on both s:des, to exhaust all ths means
of cornpiomise, and try to settle this matter in a
spirit of conciliation, it is for these reasons I take
the course that I do, notwithstanding the superior
abilities and experience of the oilier members of
the committee, who unfortunately differ from me
upon this subject.
But that is not the only question involved in the
measure now before us. California is in an ex-
traordinary position. I recollect very well, and all
must recollect, the action of the Senate on the treaty
with Mexico. On the subject of forming, from the
territory thus acquired, new States, bringing them
into the Union, all concurred in the belief that a
certain period of probation was necessary before
any of those Territories could be thus admitted.
There was no difference of~opiriion on that point.
But Qa extraordinary event, relative to that coun-
try, has since taken place, and is now taking
place. There has been an extraordinary influx
of American population into California, which
no one at that time expected, and the future
extent of which cannot now be calculated. And
if Congress does not act "immediately in this
matter, before another opportunity lor action
will be oft'eied, there will be sufficient popula-
tion in California to form two or three States.
This population will be composed of American
citizens, men possessing energy, enterprise, and
talents, who have been accustomed to govern
themselves, and able to institute a government of
their own. They are there, without a legal gov-
ernment, perhaps with no government at all; for
I think it is very probable that the slight military
authority held by this Government and their sol-
diers has ere this fallen to pieces, and that the
soldiers have gone, with the rest of the population,
to the gold-diggings, and left the country m a state
itesfo/m/, Th,it it is er upetcnr
consists-it utth i'k*
nr and expedient, and not in-
o; Um (ifwmm'int in some
cases, to admit Oiilitnvm?, or such portion of it ss Oi
w._.. . ..ntry l
of anarchy. If Congress does not act upon this
; matter now, they will not, in all piobabihty, act
j upon it in less than two years; and it is not prob-
| able that the people of California will remain for
: that length of time in theii present state of anarchy.
| They \\ili organize a government for themselves,
j and, after they shall have settled ail their difHcuI-
j ties, and shall have set up a government for them-
j selves,- and reduced their country to order and
I peace, 1 hardly suppose that* they will think it
! competent or desirable for them to come back (o a i
! Government which has neglected them so lone, I
and neglected them especially when they most !
needed its aid. i
■ngress ij I think that, besides the ordinary question of!
expediency, whether we shall admit California-
! now*or at some future day, this bill involves the
: more important question whether we shall admit
her now or lose her forever, with all her fine terri-
tory, and her .inexhaustible mines of gold and
, other stores of mineral wealth.
; These are some of the reasons why I differed
from the fust resolution and the report, and why J
ij differed from the reasons assigned by the majority
11 of the committee in their support. 1 shall present
!' a counter report as soon as possible, and in the
I. mean time I ask that my resolution be printed and
i laid upon the table. I will call it up when the re-
( port-of the committee shall be presented for our
' consideration.
Mr. BUTLER. This debate has been wholly
■ unexpected by me; and, if I may be permuted to
say so, i think it entirely out of order. It is cer-
, tamly not in confoimity with parliamentaiy law,
as far as I understand it, or with the usages of this
body; and I shall certainly not violate what I re-
gard as the correct paiimmentary usa^e, by going
into a further discussion of the principles that have
been adverted to; but there are some matters de-
! manding an explanation on the part of some one
of the committee which I will briefly notice. 1
■ understand the Senator- from Louisiana to have
charged the committee with precipitating their
; report.
. -Mr. DOWNS. Not at all. On the contrary, I
was anxious that the report should be made. I
; merely stated that I had not had an opportunity
of knowing what were the contents of the report.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman certainly in-
■ timated that he had been piecladed fiom piesent-
ing a counter leport by the precipitancy by which
this report had been brought forward. As far as
1 am concerned, 1 can safely assert, in regard to
this matter, that if I have ever given attention to
any one subject more than another, if I have ever
labored to arrive at an impartial determination to
1 reach what 1 believe to be the truth upon any sub-
ject, it is this. If I 'nave ever labored to make a
report with a strict regard to constitutionality, after
a most careful examination, it has been on this
I occasion. I called the committee together four
! times, and I think that every one of the proposi-
tions that have been adverted to by Senators in
i this debate was fully, minutely, and deliberately
; discussed, and the question upon each of them was
put to the committee'as fairly and distinctly as any
| proposition could be submitted. If my honorable
i friend from Louisiana had asked for delay, delay
! would have been granted him for the purpose of
| enabling him to bring in a counter report. If he
: had given the least intimation of a desire for delay,
- it would have been accorded to him.
One word in regard to the honorable Senator
i from Illinois. The committee were disposed to
; treat his bill with the respect due to a bill coming
. from such a source, from a gentleman of ability,
: who must be suppused^to have considered well its
I details; and it is known to him that i was anxious
: that he should be present at the deliberations of
| the committee, in order that the points upon which
: there might be a difference of opinion between the
| committee and himself mi ht be canvassed. I in-
j tended, and 1 believe the committee were so dis-
; posed, to yield to any suggestions that we might
consider reconcilable with our views,
j Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret that any seeming com-
| plaint should_havc been made by the Senator from
\ Louisiana. When the proposition was made that
| we should confer together, I thought that I very
distinctly accepted the proposal, and I was as-
tonished when I found that the committee had met
and agreed upon their report, and I had had no
notice; but I nevertheless had no > inclination to
i complain of the cou-se taken by the committee,
j Mr. BUTLER, i am very glad that the gen-
tleman has made this explanation. I was desirous,
, as I have already said, that he should have an op-
| portunity to confer with us; but when I suggested
; that the gentleman should be notified, it was said
! that if he were so disposed he would be present
without a special notification. The matter was
thoroughly deliberated upon and debated, and I
think that the lesult will be approved by the Sen-
ate. I shall be very much surprised if, when it
comes to be discussed here, we shall find ten Sen-
ators to dissent from it. I shall be very much
surprised if, upon some of the abstract proposi-
tions contained in the report, we shall find ten
Senators to dissent from them. Do gentlemen
