1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
suppose that we are to remove all apprehensions
of anarchy from the minds of the people by telling
them that they are ablate? Why, really, they
would awake the most surprised people on the
earth at being told they were a State without any-
preliminary organization on their part. I intend,
and have always intended, to treat the Senator
from Illinois with marked respect and delicacy,
_ but I do-not know that, according to parliamentary
usage, he could with any propriety express his
. views in regard to the subject before a bill had
been reported. He wiii have the same opportu-
nity that all other Senators have. How can he
complain of this? The report has to be made be-
fore the Senator, according to parliamentary u?age,
can have an opportunity of being heard. If I have
failed to treat the Senator with that respect which
he considered due to him, ithasaiisen from inad-
vertence—assuredly not from inclination on my
part. /
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret that the Senator
from Louisiana should have considered it neces-
sary to make the remark that I had not been fa-
vored with an intimation of a meeting of the com-
mittee. I regard the conduct of the committee as
* having been kind and respectful at all times. I had
no wish to intimate the least dissatisfaction.
Mr, FOOTE. I do not rise to detain the Senate
with any lengthened remarks; and certainly, if I
«nfertained*the opinion avowed by the Senator
from South Carolina, that this debate was out of
order, I should not desire to be heard at.all. But
considering a motion to print as a motion upon
which discussion may legitimately occur, t con-
sider the debate to be in. order, and do not yield
my own right to enter, if I choose, somewhat ex-
tendedly into the subject which has been already
so much discussed. I take it, then, to be no small
degree of forbearance on my part in sparing the
Senate a speech upon this occasion. At the same
time, I take upon myself, humble as I may be, to
state, that while I will vote for the printing of a
legitimate number of any report that shall be pro-
posed to be published, I do so in part on account
of the magnitude and importance of the subject
treated of in the report, and in part on account of
the perfect deference I feel for the high abilities of
the gentlemen who constitute that committee; in
part, also, because I wish the public mind of this
country to be thoroughly illuminated upon this
whole question.
1 did not hear the report with sufficient distinct-
ness to bo able to make up my mind upon its
merits. That it is a very able report, all I pre-
sume will be ready to acknowledge. I trust it may
be as satisfactory as predicted by the Senator from
South Carolina, though I confess I am rather in-
clined to doubt it. It is important to me, sir, hum-
ble as I may be, that I should make this explana-
tion, because I-presume some will recollect that
I had the honor at the last session of this body, in
a very hasty manner and under very unpropitious
circumstances, to suggest the main proposition
■discussed in this report, as a proposition of com-
promise. i argued the proposition, sir, some half
hour or more at the last session of Congress, cer-
tainly not deeming it chargeable with unconstitu-
tionality. £ had not at that time, it is true, fully
investigated the question. I was full, as most of
us were, of this spirit of compromise. *1 was seri-
ously anxious to have this great question adjusted
in some manner, in order that the public mind might
be satisfied, thatthe public feeling mightbe calmed,
and that the Union, which we all prize hiirhty,
might be secured against the perils which in my
judgment at that time environed it. 1 diew up a
statement hastily, and without that mature investi-
gation which has undoubtedly been given to the
subject by the committee. But I must say that I
am not yet thoroughly satisfied that the proposi-
tions brought forward by my self in the firstinstancc,
and with more deliberation by the Senator from
Illinois, are subject to the constitutional objections
which are urged against them by gentleman on
this floor. I am prepared, however, to give the
subject a more full and complete investigation, in
order to come to the conclusion which sound rea-
soning and competent authority may seem to de-
mand at our hands. But for the pipsent 1 wish to
be distinctly understood as not giving my sanction
to all the doctrines contained in the report by the
vote which I shall give for the printing of 10,000
copies. Indeed, I should, for one, regret exceed-
ingly to be deprived of all hope that some expe-
dient of this sortjnight be successfully resorted to
at the present session of Congress; for certain it is,
various other expedients have been suggested at
the last session ineffectually; certain it is, that no
proposition has yet been brought forward in which
the minds of Senators have been able to concur;
and yet it is important that the question should be
.settled, speedily settled, with the view of saving
the Union from detriment, for the purpose of
saving to the country that valuable region which
this morning we are solemnly admonished We are
in danger of losing if the present condition of
things be permitted much longer to exist. Tins
may be so or it may not be so; but it does seem to
me that we should now dnect our attention earn-
estly to all such propositions as may be brought
forward, in order to see if we cannot do something
at the present session of Congress to save the coun-
try from all the various evils which we know we
have a right to apprehend from the longer con-
tinuance of the present unfortunate state of things.
I say, then, that 1 should be exceedingly unhappy
if I were perfectly convinced that there was nothing
in these propositions, if they were not capable of
being so modified finally as to give satisfaction to
every part of this Republic, and of being made con-
formable to the strictest principles of justice and
constitutional law to which we are bound to pay
the most profound respect.
I must say, sir, that 1 should have been prepared
some time since to have urged, and to have urged
most earnestly, some such propositions myself,
but for the general appearance of apathy or oppo-
sition to any new plan of compromise that could
be suggested, which I have discovered in various
quarters. I-do not yet despair, however. I cannot
yet despair of settling this question, though I cei-
tdinly do concur with those, some of whom ad-
vanced the opinion here this morning, that unless
something be done for the settlement of this ques-
tion during the present session of Congress, we
ore in danger of losing California; in danger of
losing, moreover, that which all are bound to value
more highly than anything on earth—our glorious
Union. I do hope that all the circumstances which
do surround us will admonish gentlempn, whether
representing the northern, southern, eastern, or
western Slates, of the importance of calmly con-
sidering these propositions, and ever}?' other prop-
osition which may be suggested, with the view of
endeavoring to ascertain whether it be possible to
do something at this session of Congress to ward
oft* the evils which now surround us. 1 repeat, I
do not despair of the Union. If I believed that
the dominion of prejudice would be longer con-
tinued—would be allowed longer to prevail, in
room of legislation; that the same fell spirit which
appeared in our councils at the last session, that
the same spirit of discord and faction which
marked our councils then, should continue hence-
forward to exhibit itself,—I, for one, should con-
sider that there was much danger of our realizing
all the evils that have been predicted, and perhaps
even worse.
I am anxious to see 10,000 copies of this report
printed, and I am anxious to see the counter report
of the able Senator from Louisiana. I am anxious
to see this subject presented m all the bearings and !
in all the lights of which it is capable; for I hope
that we r.iav be able, m the process of the discus-
sion that will take p'.n< e, to find some solid ground
upon which we may place our feet, some scheme
of compromise t< at ill tend to give relief to the
public mini, and to give security to the public in-
terest, which 1 confcss appear to me at the present
time to be involved in the most seiious danger. _ I
shall vote, then, for the motion to print 10.000 copies
of this repot t.
Mr. BERRIEN. The position in which I stand,
sir, may seem to make it my duty to say something,
after the discussion which has lakeu placo tins
morning, in ielation to this subject. I desire, in
the first place, to say that that position has not been
sought by me; that, in the fulfillment of the duty
which has been devolved upon me by the Judici-
ary Committee, ond uniier theconstantsuperwsion
of that committee, I have performed the duty be-
longing to the position according to the best of my
abilities. But, sir, it seems to me that the Senate
of the United States, to-day, is exhibiting a some-
what singular condition. VVc are here developing
the proceedings held before one of our committees,
and subjecting them to a certain degree of sciutiny.
We aie here settling in advance and discussing the
merits of a report made by one of our committees,
which report, in the ordinary course of our pro-
ceeding, mubt be hereafter deliberately diseussed.
Now, sir, I dofnot venture to say, since gentlemen
have thought proper to adopt this course, that it is
out of order, thai it is unparliamentary, but 1 feel
myself bound to say that 1 have been entirely un-
prepared for such a course; that 1 have never be-
j'ore known it to prevail.
And now, sir, in addition to what has been stated
by the chairman of the committee, since the course 1
of the committee seems to be brought in question,
the Senator from Louisiana disclaims the idea of
imputing to the committee precipitancy in making
their report, and yet the statement that this report
was only communicated to the' gentleman this
morning, and consequently he was entirely unpre-
pared to submit a counter report, or to discuss the-
question, would seem to lead to the inference that
the Senator had not been prepared for the report
submitted by the committee.
Now, I desire to say, since the scrutiny of the
proceedings of the committee has been commenced,
that the report was brought before the committee
at an anterior meeting; that every one of the ques-
tions included in the report was discussed at that
meeting of the committee, and the vote of the com-
mittee taken upon it; and it v/as only after such
deliberate scrutiny and decision that it was the
pleasure of the committee to require me to imbody
in the form of a report the opinions which had^
then been expressed. In reference to .the Senator
from Louisiana, and his presence at the meeting oft
the committee, I can only say 
Mr. DOWNS,#(interposing.) Will the honora-
ble Senator allow me to correct a misapprehension?
I did not mean to state that the result of the delib-
erations of the committee was not known to me.
What I wish to state, and what v/as the fact, is,
that the reasons and the course of arguments by
which the committee was governed were not com-
municated to me, and 1 had no opportunity of
knowing what they were. It is very difficult to
reply to arguments that I have not heard. This
is the reason which 1 intended to assign for not
being prepared with a counter report. -
Mr. BERRIEN. It will readily occur to the-
mind of every Senator that the opinions expressed
in the report, having been adopted by the commit-
tee, must have been preceded by arguments which
led to the conclusion, and that those points were,
investigated and discussed before the committee
at an anterior meeting, at which, as a member of
the committee, I was designated to make the re-
port.
With respect to the suggestion of the Senator
from Illinois, as being present before the commit*
tee, I desire to say that £ myself had no conference
with the Senator; but that, as a member of the com-
mittee, understanding his wish to confer with the
committee, I gave him most cheerfully my assent,
and that the idea of his being present w&s only
abandoned when, by his non-attendance, it was
considered that be did not wish to comply with the
informal arrangement*. I hope tjiat the committee
will, then, stand acquitted as to the manner in
which they have conducted themselves m reference
to this bill.
Now, sir, with regard to the report itself, if there,
were any addiM'nuu evidence required to prove the
impropuety of introducing a discussion in advance v-
in regard, io the merits of tn#  report, it would be
afforded by the fact, that, in questions of law and
of fact^there i°. an entire discordance between the'
views of the Senator and those of the committee,
and that there is ao possibility of bringing that dis-
cordance to an agreement. The arguments of the
Senator from Illinois may be sustained, and yet the
report stand unassaileo. The first ground taken
in the report is, that Congress does not possess the
constitutional power to create a State, and that
question is argued upon the Constitution itself, as
if this was a case of primary occurrence, and not
affected by precedents in any manner whatever.
Suppose, then, that the honorable Senator from
Illinois was correct in exhibiting instances in which
Congress had transcended their powers 
Mr. DOUGLAS. The honorable Senator mis-
represents my argument entirely. 1 did not at-
tempt to show that Congress did possess the power
to create a State, nor dues my bill piopose to do
so. It proposes to declare that California is one.
of the States of the Union, and leaves the people-
to erect a State government for themselves.
