196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 0,
It proposes to declare that
Mr. BERRIEN.
California is 
Mr. DOUGLAS. In this Union.
Mr. BERRIEN. Yes, in the Union; one of
the States of the Union. By the mere force of this
bill, then, eo instdnte, California becomes one of
the States of this Union; and if she can be one of
the States of a Union, and yet not a State at all, is
the question that is submitted to those who differ
with the committee.
But this mode of discussing this question is not'
calculated .to lend to ai)y justiciary results. I will
say further, that the proposition does not go to the
extent which is supposed by the Senator. The
committee have not asserted that Congress have
not admitted a State unless its constitution had
been prepared in advance and laid before Congress.
No such proposition is to be found in the report.
They have asserted that the power of Congress to
admit a State into the Union has never been ex-
erted in behalf of an unorganized people having no
constitution-, or laws, or legitimate bond of union.
The statement made by the Senator from Illinois
does not take the case to which he has referred out
of the rule. The State of Kentucky was sepa-
rated from Virginia, by legislative enactment, in
1787, declaring that portion of the State of Vir-
ginia to be a separate State. By subsequent act
of 1789, reciting the preceding act, which, in some
particulars, was not deemed satisfactory, a conven- I
lion was authorized to be assembled for the purpose !
of forming a constitution for the State, which, by j
ihe act of the Legislature of Virginia, hail been !
declared to be a separate State. And, lest the j
people of that separate State should be intermi- I
nabiv in a state of anarchy, or, to use the express i
words of the Legislature, to prevent a state of an- j
archy existing interminably in that portion of the j
State thus severed, it proceeds to make certain !
provisions. A convention assembled in accord-
ance with the legislative enactment of Virginia in
1790. And it was the act of that convention, thus
constituting the government of this separate State,
-which brought before the Congress of the United
States the application to admit Kentucky as a
separate. State into the Union on some day in June,
1792. There was, then, from the moment when
Kentucky was separated from Virginia by her
legislative act up to the lime when Congress legis-
lated upon the subject, for the purpose of her ad-
mission as a State, a government existing under
the act of the "Legislature of Virginia and by the
assent of the people of Kentucky. But such is
not the condition of California.
Now,x with respect to Vei mont, she had been
existing as a State long anterior to the time when
she had a constitution; and in regard to Tennes-
see, it will he found, by a reference to the history
of that State and the legislation of Congress in
regard to it, that when that portion of North Caro-
lina which lies west of the mountains desired to
be separated, there .was a protiactcd controversy
regarding the course proper to be pursued.
By an act of the Legislature in 17S9, North
Carolina ceded to the United States a certain por-
tion of her territory. The United States accepted
the cession in 1790. The people formed a con-
vention in February, 1796, and applied for admis-
sion into the Union. These facts will be found by
reference to what are called the Miscellaneous
State Papers, in the public documents in the ad-
joining chamber. But the United States, when
they accepted the cession in 1790, did not proceed
to organize this territory into a State, but to pro-
vide a territorial government for its people, under
■which they continued from the year 1780 to the
year 1796, when they met in convention and formed
a constitution, and were admitted by act of Con-
gress into the Union. The Senator from Illinois,
then, has presented r,o exception which militates
against the position assumed in this report.
I have adverted only to the cases which have
been suggested, because I did not know, and I
presume that the Senate did not expect, that the
committee, or any member of the committee, would
enter into an elaborate discussion of the whole
merits of a report embracing so many points as
that now under discussion. But with such means
as 1 possess, 1 shall, at the proper time, endeavor
to maintain and defend the principles contended
£ 111 a'10 ,'eP°''lwith as much anxiety as any
other Senator, in order that,this unhappy ques-
t.mn_ otiomc. t,4 ■ ,J 1
I have not supposed that it could he quieted in the j[ point a majority of the committee, by an express
mode suggested by the Senator; but when the t| vote, decided that the report should set them forth-
report shall come up, and I can obtain a favorable || and the Senator who wrote that document im-
hearing, it is my intention to address some obser- |j bodied the decisions of that majority in it, as he
vations to the Senate in regard to the propositions ij was instructed. I voted in the committee with
which it contains, and endeavor to satisfy the !| the majority, after having failed in effecting the
Senator from Illinois that the view which he takes !j adoption of somewhat different measures that I
is entirely erroneous. I assure the Senator that 4I proposed., From the outset I concurred^ fully
it is my desire and intention to treat him at: all
times with the^utmost consideration and respect, j
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was struck and gratified, I
too, with the assurance on the part of all the com- !
mittee that it is their intention to treat me with all- j
dne respect. It has never occurred to me that i
there was anything in the report, or in the manner ;
of bringing; it forward, which was at all deficient f
in that quality; and 1 am a little at a loss to un
the view that Congress, under the Federal Consti-
tution, has no power but to admit a State, and that
it cannot create a State by such admission. The
term State, in its constitutional sense, has a definite
meaning. It is an organized political community, v
distinct in its character, with a government and
laws established. The power of creation must be
exercised to make California and New Mexico a
State at this time. Without discussing the ques-
derstand how it is that these assurances come so j tion how far the political governments and po-
- • - ... , . ; jawg exj8ting in these countries, prior to-
!j their conquest by our arms, are now to be con-
sidered in force, certainly the two Territories can-
thick qn this point; but yet I take them, as I hope
and trust they are given, in all sincerity.
Mr. BERRIEN. The observations made by me
were simply in answer to suggestions that were
made in the course of this discussion.
Mr. DOUGLAS- I have but a word or two to
add in-this connection. I do not think that I am
mistaken in regard to the case of Kentucky, and
when the time arrives to which the Senator alludes,
when this matter shall he investigated, I shall en-
deavor to maintain by argumentthe position I have
| assumed. If I fail to do so, I shall be as free to
1 acknowledge my error as I am to state my convic-
tions.
The Senator will find that the convention of
which he speaks met much earlier than he sup-
poses; that they met five, or six, or seven different
times by their own authority: and he will find,
furthermore, that this convention from time to time
petitioned Virginia to assent to the separation, with
the view to their admission into the Union as a
separate State; and he will find that the Legisla-
■1 not be regarded as one State at this time. The
|' act proposing to admit them both as one State is
!; it'self the act of amalgamation. There never has.
j.been any political government over them as one
, State. Civil and municipal laws regulating the
i rights of property may be in force in both, but their
| political Jaws are distinct. Therefore, to admit
I these as one State, they must first be created ejnd
S organized, and exist as one State before such ad-
I mission.
j If Congress does not possess the power of ere-
! ating a State, it has no power to pass this bill; for
i it is the exercise of that power,, and not the regu-
| lation or admission of a preexisting State or united
political community. Even as separate Territo-
: ries now, while their old municipal laws may be
I in force, their former political governments and
J laws are nullified by the conquest and the confirm-
atory cession. They are without any separate or-
tore of Virginia passed four different acts giving ganized political governments, except the tempo-
their assent, upon certain conditions, which con-
ditions in the first three cases were rejected, tmd i
the fourth agreed to by Kentucky. The last act!
was passed December 18, 1789, and provided that I
the separation should take place on some day afler >
the first of the year 1791, and the period of final |
separation was fixed for the first of June, 1792. I
The laws and institutions of Virginia continued I
in operation up to that period. Congress passed
an act admitting Kentucky as a State, on the
4th of February, 1791, while the convention
which formed the constitution of Kentucky did
not assemble until long afterwards, to wit: the
first Monday of April, 1792; and the State
came into the Union the next year thereafter.
I undertake to say that on( the day on which
Congiess passed the act declaring that she should
be one of the States of the Union, Kentucky was
not separated from Virginia; that she had no sep-
rary arrangements necessity has created. They
are not organized, but disorganized. The Senator
from Illinois mistakes the terms and meaning of
the report on this point. The objection it advances
is not, as he supposes, that there is no written
State constitution. A constitution may exist and
not be written. The constitution of England is to
be found in her immemorial customs and ancient
j statutes, through the writings and decisions of her
: jurists; but except in Magna Charta, and other
j oid statutes, it is not written. The report is in
I the alternative. It denies that any people can be*
I regarded as a State in the constitutional sense of
i the term, unless they have a State constitution or
I government, or laws, er are an organized political
j community, or a State, or have some legitimate
| bond of union as such State. This is not the con-
| dition of either California or New Mexico at this
time, separately or together.
 . ...... , .... .| ^
arate government or organization of any kind. I in no one of the instances that the Senator from
undertake to say, that at the time the act was
passed declaring Kentucky a part of this Union, it
was not a State; it was under Virginia law; it had |
no constitutional law of its own, no officers known j
as Kentucky officers; there was no separate organ- I
ization there anymore than there is in any six i
counties in Virginia now. The act of Virginia !
declared that from and after the first of June it |
should be separate; and subsequently a State gov-
ernment was formed.
With reg-ard to Vermont, I will only say, that
though she had a constitution long before her ad-
mission into the Union, she did not send that con-
stitution to Congress. The message of the Presi-
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] refers to was the doctrine
maintained by this report contravened by Con-
gress. Vermont formed and adopted a State con-
stitution in 1777, daring the revolutionary war.
The Congress of the Confederation recognized her
as a State, and treated her as a State before the
Federal Constitution was adopted. Her delegate
to the Continental Congress was admitted to its-
deliberations. Tennessee had a Federal Territot-
rial Government before she was a State, and had a
constitution formed and adopted by her own people
as the State of Frankiand long before her ad mis*
sion. As to Maine and Kentucky, they were
both, before admission, communities of American
tion, which seems to connect itself with' everv
other which may be suggested, may be set at rest.
dent which I just read communicated to Congress j citizens, distinctly formed and organized—the
certain papers, being the application of Vermont 1 " " '
to be admitted; but anions those papeis there was
no Slate constitution. And in regard to Tennes-
see, 1 apprehend that the Senator will -find the
same to have been the case. But I do not intend
to go into this matter any further at present than
merely to point out the error of the Senator. When
the proper time for discussion arrives 1 shall be
prepared to go fully into the discussion.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The course of this debate,
and the reference to what occurred before the Ju-
diciary Committee in the consideration of this bill,
makes it proper for me to submit a few remarks
| with respect to my connection with this report.
| The positions maintained in the report, of which
i the distinguished Senafor from Georgia was the
j author, were, before the report was drawn, dis-
1 cussed fully in the committee; and on each distinct
one from Massachusetts and the other from Vir-
! ginia, by the act of the Legislatures of those
States, and by such acts made independent and
j distinct communities. As to all the other cases of
' the admission of new States, the State Govern-
ments were first created, established, and organized
| "before their admission. Who were citizens of the
! United States was known. They weie not as the
I communities of California and New Mcxico,apop-
j ulation of Mexicans, at liberty to become citizens or
not, as they may choose, without any legal regula-
tions by which they are to manifest their election—a
collection of peons, Camanches, diggers, and of
people of all the nationsof the earth,with emigrants
from the United States, and its military forcesgath1
ered there, totally without a constitution or political
organization. If they can be called a State, any
collection of people may be called a State. I have
