1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
no idea that Congress has any power, as to a coun-
try situated as California and New Mexico are, to
prescribe any regulations to them as to the forma-
tion of a State government, by ejecting delegates
to their convention to form a State constitution, in
this, or that, or the other mode. All this belongs
to the people themselves. In organized Federal
TeiritoHes Congress have in some circumstances
done this to signify their assent to the wishes of
the people and the Territorial government, but it
was not necessary; am^ in other cases such pre-
vious permission has not been asked. In Florida
the people adopted their State constitution without
•asking for the leave of Congress, and so of other
States; and the interference of Congress*may be
had in the case of an organized Tenitory with
much more propriety than m a case of this kind.
Dut, sir, I had another radical objection to the
making of the two provinces of California and
New Mexico one State, which I urged upon the
^committee; but as a majority did not agree with
me as to the necessity of advancing it in the re-
port, it does not allude to it. I deny, in the first
place, the power of Congress, even if it possesses
the power to create a State as proposed, to unite
•and amalgamate them into one State; and, in the
second place, if Congress had such power, it would,
in my judgment, be an act of gross injustice and
an outrage on the people of those Territories; and,
in the thud place, it is impolitic as it respects this
Government. Before the conquest and cession,
«ach of these separate and independent Mexican
States had its own peculiar institutions, laws, cus-
toms, and government. Their, local and municipal
laws were as dissimilar as are those of the different
States of this Union. The attempt to melt down
these laws at once into a common mass under one
government, without any preparatory legislation,
would lead to confusion worse confounded. Which
laws arc to be nullified ? Which are to be enforced
in the interim till the State laws are adopted ? The
same laws it is impossible can suit the people of
both provinces. California is on the seacoast,
New Mexico more than a thousand miles inland.
-What relation can the commercial laws necessary
in California have to New Mexico-, and, vice versat
the laws of New Mexico, applicable to its condi-
tion, have to California? The great distance be-
tween the two sections would result in the neglect
of one of them, for the influence of the State
* government could not reach it, and its laws would
often fail to be promulgated till repealed. But,
sir, what right have wc, without the consont
i5f the people of these provinces, to join them
together, when Nature has intended that they
should be* kept asunder? From whence do we
derive this arbitrary power? It is not found
in the Federal Constitution. By what rule is it
exercised ? Nothing on earth but mere whim and
caprice. Such act by Congress would, m my
judgment, justify the inhabitants of these Terri-
tories in disowning all allegiance to, and connec-
tion with, this Government; and, sir, 1 am be-
coming to think such would be best for all con-
cerned on many accounts. They can regulate their
own affairs as an independent republic, I doubt
not, well enough, and perhaps better than we can.
Such amalgamation is against the spirit of the
treaty with Mexico. The treaty refers to the
provinces as distinct territories. It is true, sir,
there is a prcccdent for this arbitrary act in the
course pursued with respect to the Florida®. East
and West Florida were separate and distinct prov-
inces of Spain, under separate governments, and
with laws, and customs, and population, and inter-
ests quite dissimilar. Their geographical position
made them, and it still makes them, more foreign
to each other than West Florida is to Alabama
and East Florida to Georgia. Yet you forced
them under one Territorial government, and the
only argument was, that it saved expense! You
would not heed the protests and remonstrances of
the citizens of both sections, and compelled them
to come into the Union as one State.
The misshapen and exceedingly inconvenient
geographical formation of the State should induce
you to hereafter dissever them, and make another
State; and if the jealousy and hostility against the
South does not stifle justice, you will be compelled
by its dictates to do so. Before the committee i
sought to avoid a repetition of the injustice and
wrong done to the Floridas, and, by preserving the
original boundaries of the two States, to prevent
the confusion, and trouble, and dissatisfaction that
will otherwise ensue. The subdivision of a por-
tion of one province into a new Territory cannot
be a subject of just complaint, as would be its
union to another province; such division, as in the1
case of the province of Louisiana, looking to the
ultimate admission of all "the subdivisions as sepa-
rate States, and thereby adding to the political in-
fluence of ail, could not be objected to. I was,
before the committee, and am yet, in favor of the
division of California into two separate Territories,
and of organizing New Mexico, west of the Ilio
Grande, into one, and to have still a fourth Terri-
tory, if at all necessary. But I will advert to this
more particularly hereafter.
On one other subject, also, I wish to explain my
course and opinions. I do not hesitate to say that
I believe the claim of Texas to all the country east
of the Rio Grande is just, I am in favor of yield-
ing it to her. Even if her claim was not indispu-
table, I would yield it to her. Sir, it is unbecoming
this great Confederacy to be exacting with a young
State, just overcoming the perils and troubles inci-
dent to her revolution for independence, about a few
paltry acres. And what good is to result from such
a course,?
Will you make any money out of these New
Mexico lands east of the Rio Grande? No; after
your horde of land officers are paid, you will find
they have cost as much as they will sell for, and
probably more. Besides, of what avail is it, if
they are settled by industrious citizens, whether
the United States or Texas has sold them ? The
settlement of the lands and the prosperity of the
country should be the objects of the United States
and of the State of Texas, and should be effected
even by giving away the lands to settlers, if neces-
sary.
If I understand the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] correctly, he misconceives the report
on this subject. I soi^ht to obtain the incorpora-
tion into the report of an express admission: 1st,
of the claim of Texas; and 2d, of the policy of
yielding the lands to her, even if the claim could
be disputed. This a majority of the committee
refused to do, as being uncalled for in this report.
But the report does no't, as the Senator seems to
suppose, claim either the power for Congress to
intrude upon Texas, nor does it assume the ground
that a reference of this question to the Supreme
Court should be avoided, and that it is preferable
that Congress should exercise its power by estab-
lishing a territorial government over the country
in dispute. The very reverse is the fact. Before
the province is admitted a State, Congress can
yield to Texas, at its discretion, the sovereignty
and title to all of the disputed country, which,
after the proposed State was admitted, it could
not. This, and the consideration that it is the
du'ty of Congress to adjust the dispute with Texas
before a State is created and admitted, is the sub-
stance of the report. If the dispute can be com-
promised by the transfer of the sovereignty of the
disputed territory to the United States—b^ Texas
retaining her proprietary riffht in the public lands
there—and a State ultimately formed thete by the
act both of the United States and of Texas, it will |
be much better than to admit a new State with a
lawsuit about this new territory attached to it.
I have stated that I was in favor of three or more
separate Territorial Governments in the newly- ;
acquired territories, and I urged upon the commit-
tee to recommend such subdivision, and also to
report a bill ov bills organizing such governments.
The upppr part of California would make one large
enough forone State, of which San Francisco would
be the chief port, and the southern boundary of
which would extend some miles south of that city.
Lower California, of which San Diego would be
the chief port, extending east to New Mexico,
could be well made another; and New Mexico,
west of the Rio Grande,,a third. They could be
better defended than if two only are established;
and, as I will seek to show at the proper time, be
preferable even on the score of economy. Failing
in my efforts to get my own convictions that I have
alluded to incorporated in the report, and to have
a bill or bills reported as stated, and concurring, as
I have stated, in the argument of the report, so
ably made by the Senator from Georgia, f voted
in committee for both resolutions as the next best
measure, and I should sustain them here wuh ad-
ditional provisions that will be ofFeied when they
are considered.
Mr. DAYTON. I do not design to enter upon
1 the discussion of this bill at this timet I have
| been very much surprised at the course this debate
j has taken, and at some of tfie arguments advanced
; in opposition to the report of the committee. It
so happens that every member of that committee
j has been heard, either at length or otherwise, ih
| reference to the matter before the Senate. I occupy
j on that committee a position somewhat peculiar,
I being associated there only with southern friends.
i I have concurred in the main propositions em-
bodied in this lepoit, to wit, that we cannot now,
( upon this bill, admit California as a State into the
j Union.
i Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, the gentleman
j is going into a discussion at rather a late hour,
j and if the Senator from New Jeisey will y ield the
1 floor, I will move an adjournment.
j Several Senators: This is arfexplanation,
i Mr. DAYTON. I desire simply to say, that I
' have concurred in the main propositidns embodied
j in this report.
: In the first place, we'cannot admit California as
] a State for the want of constitutional power. In
I the sccond place, we ought not to admit it now, as
I a matter of expediency and policy. I desire to
j say, that if I do not now embark in this discus-
^ sion, at the proper time, and underproper circum**
! stances, I shall he prepared, if need be, to bear at
! least my portion in the burden of sustaining the
' report of this committee. I think that it can be
1 proved to a demonstration that the Government
! has no constitutional power, at this time and under
,'j these circumstances, to admit California as a State
;! into the Union.
' ! While upon the floor, sir, I desire merely to say,
| that as regards the last resolution reported by the
I committee; to wit: "that, in the opinion of the
committee, we should now proceed to give Cali-
fornia a territorial form of government," 1 express
no opinion. I desired that no such resolution might
be reported, simply because I looked upon it,as
being, to a certain extent, extiajudicial. being the
expression, by the committee, of an opinion on a
question not submitted to it. At a proper time I
will with pleasure, as I have said, take part in this
discussion; and, 1 think, will satisfy, at least my-
l, self, that the course taken by the committee has
\ \ been the onlv one they could pursue.
• ! Mr. KING. Mr. President, I am very desirous
: that this discussion should be postponed in order
' that my friend from Louisiana may have an oppor-
tunity to present his minority report upon the sub-
ject. Therefore, I move to postpone the further
1 consideration of-the whole matter until to-morrow.
, At that time the minority report can be presented,
and the whole matter can then be fully and fairly
discussed. I wish to make the proposition > for
j' another reason, and that is, that we may go into
j!" Executive session.
-I Mr. DAYTON. With the permission of the
'| gentleman from Alabama, I would suggest that it
■ j would be mo/e agreed le to have tins matter delayed
: till the documents shall have been printed, and put
•j in the hands of the Senators.
Mr. DICKINSON, (in his scat.) Let the usual
i' number be printed, at any rate.
'! Mr. KING. I would be perfectly satisfied to
| allow the usual number of documents to be printed,
i Mr.'DAYTON. H might be ordered to lay the
■' report on the table and print.
ri Mr. DICKINSON, (in hb seat.) 1 hope the
1 order will be to print the usual number,
i Mr. BKLL. 1 would respectfully inquire of the
gentlemen who have charge of this icport,on the
one hand, and of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] whose province it is to call it up again,
,■ on the other, whether it is proposed to call this
subject up ajjain at an early day, or at a remote
' period? I make this inquiry for mv own conve-
i nience, as I wish to examine the subject, before I
vote upon it, 1 do not wish to go into the discus-
sion now, but some points have been thrown out
; during the debate in which I do not altogether
' concur with honorable Senators on either  <ide. I
,j desire, whenever the subject ia again called up, to
■ express my opinions briefly, and,especially with
' regard to one point, and that is, the question con-
' nected with the excitement which is likely to grow
out of the subject.
With legald to acting upon this subject at tne
present session of Congress, however impo'tmt I
1 may consider it? stiH i do not consiuei* it of suih-
. cient importance to delay the Senate by discussing
ii it at this time. I should be pleased to learn, how -
