MflB
TOE COMGEMSSiOMAL GLOBE.
Jan. 0,
ever, wlfen it is proposed to "caH the subject up ]j
©gain. 'j
Mr. DOUGLAS. In response to the Senator jj
from Tennessee, I will say, that if it is within ray 4'<
province to call the subject up again, I shall be in
favor of the earliest possible day, after the minor-
ity report shall have come in, and I desire that it
shall come in as soon as possible, because the sub-
ject has been delayed long enough.
* Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, I ask that
the question maybe taken on panting the usual jj
-number of copies of the report. ji
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I made the mo- j|
tion to print an extra number of eopies, not know- j!
ing that there was to be a minority report made. I j!
-am perfectly willing to delay the printing of the jj
extra number till we get the minority report, if the ii
Senator from Louisiana desires it. ;j
Mr. DOWNS intimated that he would prefer to '
have the printing of the extra number delayed. ]!
Mr. MASON. I would suggest, as we are !!
always so much in arrear with our printing, that ;i
if the whole niimlei; is ordered to be printed we
shall not be able to get more than the usual num-
ber as soon as will be necessary to enable Senators
to obtain copies for examination. The extra num-
ber we shall not be able to get in less than three
weeks or a month, at which tim"6 extra copies of
the minority report can also be printed. Still, if
the Senator from Louisiana desires it, I will with-
draw my motion to print the extra numbers.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, it has been sug-
gested to me several times whether or not the
printing of the report should be postponed. I
desire nothing of the kind; on the contrary, 1 de-
sire to have the report primed in order that ! may
obtain a copy. I would, therefore, prefer that the
usual number should be printed at once; but at the
same time I would prefer that the prntfing of the
extra number should be delayed till after the mi-
nority report shall have been presented. -
Mr. MASON. 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. BERRIEN. When I presented this report,
I submitted a motion that the usual number of
copies be printed by the Senate for the use of its
members. On that motion I now ask the sense ot
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to, and the usual num-
ber was ordered.
Mr. DOWNS. I move that the resolution sub-
mitted by myself be printed for the use-of the
Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would suggest to ihe Senator
f o n Louisiana, that it would be bolter to incorpo-
rate his resolution in the minority's report, and
then the whole subject will be brought up at the
sa re time.
Mr. DOWNS withdrew his motion, in accord-
ance with the suggestion of the Senator from
Georgia.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doois were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENT ATI YES.
Tu esday, January 9, 1849.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
^ Mr. FEATHERSTON,by unanimous- consent,
in pursuance of previous notice, obtained leave and
introduced a bill for the relief of J, P. Montgom-
ery and others, soldiers in the late war with Mex-
ico; whicn was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. >
BOARD TO SETTLE PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. BUI LER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the t/iii to establish a board for the adjudi-
cation of private claims was yesterday referred to
the Committee on the Judicialy.
1 he SPEAKER, Did the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania vote in the affirmative upon the question
of reference ?
Mr. BUTLER replied that hp, did.
_ The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, said he was
desirous of saying a single word upon this motion,
iie should certainly be glad, in common with other
members of the House, to have the opinion of so 1
large and aole a committee as the Committee on
the Judiciary upon a bill of this chaiacter; but if j
Ihe biii was so referred,it lost its place as a special
order, and the effect would almost certainly be
fatal to the passage of any such measure during
the present session of Congress; because, if it went
to the Committee on the Judiciary, in order again
to make it a special ord^r it would require a sus^
pension of the rules on some Monday, and that
must be by a vote of two-ihirds, which every gen-
tleman knew would be almost, if not entirely, im-
practicable with regard to any bill which might
hereafter be referred to, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
in addition,to this,there were a large nimiberof
bills which had already been made speci-1 orders
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, viz: all the appropriation bills and the
postage bill; so that the result would be (if they
should succeed in again making it a special order)
that the action of the House would be obtained, if
at all, at so late a period of the session, that it
would be almost impossible to have the action of
the other branch of Congicss at this session.
Beside?, if the bill was reported back from the
Committee on the Judiciaiy, and went totheCom-
mnteo of the Whole on the state of the Union,
without being made a special order, it would go
to the foot of the calendar; and every gentleman
knew, that during the last long session of Con-
gress, the Bouse did not take up the first bill in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
in its order. It would be put at the foot of the
calendar, and, as a matter ol course, could not be
reached.
He was aware it might be said, if ever this bill
should come back to the House, that it would not
be necessary to refer it a^ain to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. But the
question, if it came up in -the House \\ ithout being
ititried to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, would Joe, whether they woulu
vote for the amendments which might be submitted
by the committee, or for the original biii? because
e\ery one knew, that such was the desire for dis-
cussion on this lloor, they could never get a vote
upon tne bill except under the operation of the
pievious question, which precluded gentlemen from
altering amendments, and brought them to a vote
upon the amendments of the committee, with, per-
haps, one amendment which might be mo\ed before
the pieviotu* question. So that the operation of this
couise would be, to prevent the consideration and
acuon of the House upon the various propositions
whjeh gentlemen might desire to submit.
Now, although he should desire, indeed, above
all other tilings, to have the minds of the Judiciary
Committee brought to bear upon the subject, and
to neve a leport from that committee, yet he did
not think they ought to give the bill this direction,
at the hazatd of losing the action of this House
and the other House upon it at this session. Pie
should bo sorry that this bill, or any other bill,
should be forced through the House, without hav-
ing time to examine it in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, m order to meet ihe
objections which gentlemen might have to it.
it ought further to be remarked, that it was very
apparent that gentlemen who were membeis of the
Committee on tne Judiciary had examined the
bill, and with considerable caie, as several of them
had indicated their views upon it, viz: the honor-
able chairman, [Mr. J. R. Inger&oll,] the honor-
able gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] and
the honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Pet-
tit,] who had offered a* substitute for the entire
biii; and, So far as he could understand the views
of these gentlemen, from their amendments and
their leifiarks, they differed in regard to the bill.
It would be very well to have the concurrence of
these gentlemen, if time allowed, and it could be
obtained.
He hoped the bill would not be referred under
existing circumstances, as the effect of a reference
would ue to defeat action upun it during the present
session of Congress.
He would reier for a moment to the previous
history of this measure, in order to show that there
was no necessity for referring the bill to another
committee. For the last twenty-five years tins
proposition had been before Congress, in 1825,
a gentleman from Virginia had introduced a prop-
osition on the subject. Every one was aware of
the bill introduced by a former chairman of the
Committee on Claims, (Mr. Whittlesey,) and of
the acuon of the House upon it. A bill of this
character was introduced in the Senate in 1839, by
a Senator from Vermont, (Mr, Prentiss;) and the
House would see that when the minds of Senators"
were brought to bear upon the subject, they finally
came to very nearly the same result as the Com-
mittee on Claims had arrived at in this bill. The
bill, as originally introduced by the gentleman from
Vermont,""was one which did not give final juris-
diction to the board of commissioners. It'came
before the Senate, and was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. The Committee on the
Judiciary reported an amendment to giye final ju-
risdiction to the board. It again came before the
Senate, and, after being thoroughly debated, that
amendment was not agieed to, and the bill, without
that provision, embodying substantially the same
provisions as were contained in the bill now before
this House, was passed, upon the yeas and nays
| being taken, by a vote of 30 to 12.
[ Now, he said, a measure having, in one form or
I another, been before Congress almost evety year
| for a series of years, it could not be necessary,
i when the members of that committee had them*
| selves consideied it, that it should go to the Com-
! mittee on the Judiciary, in order So obtain the
lights of their large experience and great learning,
which might as well be brought to bear upon it in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
as in the Judiciary Committee.
Heknew noithat, heought to say anything more.
He had been desirous of submitting a few remarks,
by way of meeting some of the objections which
had been made; and weie he not at this moment
feaiful of trespdsaing upon the patience of the
House, he should be glad to do so. The objections,
he might remark, appeared to him to be of a very
jj opposite character; some gentlemen opposing the
bill on the ground that its provisions were too in- .
efficient, arid others opposing it froin the appre- '
hension that it would be a monstrous scheme to
take money out of the treasury. Hut he hoped to
have the opportunity of discussing the proposition
atanothertnne; and therefore he trusted the House
would reconsider the vote referring the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, in order that it might
again be considered in Committee of the Who!6 o&
the htute of the Union,
Mr. I.NGE mo\ed to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, remarking
that he regarded this a test vote, he called for the
yeas and nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
*Mr. HAMMOiSS moved a call of the House.
Rejected.
The question was taken on the xnotion of Mr.
Inge, and decided m the negative—yeas 80, nays
96—as follows:
YCA3—Messrs. Atkinson, Bingham, Bocoek, Boyd,
Cndse?, Wiiham G. Ijjo.vji, Aiboit G. Biown, Ctiase,
Bevel ly L. Cinder, Howell (vbh. Coeke, Cnihns, Ciowell,
Croziet, Darnel, Du-kfy, Dickinson, Dunn, L'aran,Feather-
i-joii, FicKlm, 1'iPhcii, <*og«tn, Green, YVilhud P. Halt,
Nattvii) K. flail, Hammond, iiarawm, ilimann-'.i), Harris,
| Hill, Eh as 13. Holmes, George 8. Houston, luge, Charles J.
Iiiitursoll, ivt-ison, Jameson, Andiew Johnson, Jaine-* H.
1 Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Jolm W. Jone-, Kaufman,
! Kemion, Sidney Lawtenee, Leifler, Lord, Lumpkin. Me-
| demand, Job Mann, Horaec Mann, Miller, Morn.-, MnJSin,
j Pea-let, Peek, Print, Peyton, Pie.-ton, Rhett, Riehaulson, 4
i Rschey, Rolnnson, Rockhiil, Uoot, £$ruv\er, tfiuipjoii, Smart,
j Stanton, Chniles E Sluait, Thomas, Jjtmes- Tho*np=on,
! Jacob Thompson, Hubert A. Thompson,Timn-Vm, Toombs,
| Tinner, Van Dyke, Vi-nalile, VYick, ami Woodward—8b.
. -"'AVS-—Mecsrs. Aliliott. Adam:-, bamnser, Bealc, Bed-
, m.'rer, Belcher, Blaekniar, Boyden, Bunihead, Buckner,
: Bun, Butler, Canbv, Cathcart, Chapnfan, Clapp, Franklin '
■ Clark, <;i;ii2man,WiiSKU>v-on R.W.Cobb, Colkimei. Cungt'i,
! Cianston, C.^in-id, Darlinsr, Dixon, Duct. E< kcrt, E lvvard*>
I Hmbrec, Nathan Evan?, Fairelij. Fisher, Fionrnoy, Freed-
! ley, Fnltof, Gaines, Ga\lp, Gentiy, G dding<,G' tt, Gteeley,
j Gregory, Grume!!, Jaim'b G. Hiunpton. Mo-es Hampton,
j Henry, Htlhard, UuacE. Holme, John W. Houston, Mnb-
! baid, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Jncersoll, Irvm, Kellogg,
| Tboma- .Butiei Kim.', Daniel P. Kin?, W.in.mi T. Law-
rence, Levin, Lincoln, McClelland, McDowell, Mc-Hvanie, •
! McLant, MaiMi. "Meade, NeKon, \es, Nieoll, Outlaw, Pal-
frey, Petri", I'olloek, Putnam, Jolm A. Roekwtti, Kofee,
I Rum^ey, Sr. John, tfehenek, Shepperd, Shernlt, SilveHei,
, Oalc!) B. Smith, Truman Smith, Sironir, Ta\lor, Richard
j W. Thompson, John B. Thompson, Tompkins, Tuck, Vin-
j ton, Wan en, Wentworth, White, Williams, and Wilson
[ —9G.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
Mr. IJXGE moved the previous question on the
motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER said the Chair had recognized
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead.]
Mr. B ROD HEAD said, that as this was the short
session, and there was much important business
