1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19 
to be acted upon, he would move the previous
question on the motion to reconsider.
And there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. JAMESON asked the yeas and nays on
the main question; which were ordered.
And tiie main question, "Shall the'vote by
which the said bill and amendments weie referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary be reconsid-
ered was then taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative, as follows:
YEAS—Mes.^is. Abbott, Adams, Barringer, Beale, Cedm-
gei, Belcher, Blacbmai, Butts, Boyden, Brouhead, Buek-
ner, Buit, Kutler, Can by, Cathcart, Chapman, Clapp, Frank-
lin Claik, Williamson R. VV. Cobb, Cocke,, Collumer, Con-
ger, Ciaiiston, Cnvfield, Dixon, Dtu-r, Eckert, Edwards,
Alexander Evans, Nathan Evan-*, Faiteliy, Fisher, Flour-
imy, Fieediej, X?uilon, Gaines, Gaylc, Gtddings, (sou, Gree-
ley, Gregory, Gnnuell, James (J. ilanipion, Moses Hamp-
ton, llaiiis, Fiemy, Hilhard, Isaac E. Holine^ John W.
Houston, Hubbard, Hudson. Hunt, Xivm, Kellogg, Thomas
B. King, Daniel X\ King, William T. X^awtence, Levin,
Lincoln, McClelland, Mcllvaine, McLane. Marsh, Marvin,
Meade, Moiehead, Mu'phy, Nelson, Nes. Nicoll, Outlaw,
XJaJfiey, Feme. Pollock, Putnam, Julius IloekweJJ, John A.
Rockwell, Ro<t>, Xtimjs ey, St John, SehCnck, tthepperd,
SherriU, Silvester, Caleb B. Smith, 'i ruman Smith, Suoriff.
Taylor, Richard VV. Thomp&on, John 1>. Thompson, Tomp-
kins*, Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, Wentwortii, While,
Williams, and Wilson—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barrow, Bingham, Bocoek,
Boyd, Budges, William G. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Chase,
Bevetly X-. Clarke, Clmgman, How-ell Cobb, Collins Crow-
cll, Crozur, Daniel, JJaihng. Dickey, Dickinson, Embree,
Faran, Featherston, Fieklin, French,Gentry,Gojrgiii,Gicen.
Willard P. Hall, Nathan K. Hall, Hammond, Haialson, ficn-
iey, Hill, Ehu<* B. Holme*, George S. Houston, Ing«, Charles
J. fn<rei&oli, lveison, Jameson, Aridtew Johnson, James H.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, John W. Jones, Kaufman,
Kcnnon, Sidney Lawienee, Leffier, Lou], Lumpkin, Mc-
Clernand, McDowell, McKay, Job Mann, Horace Mann,
Miller, Moms, Mulhn, Peasloe, Peek, Pettit, Peyton, Piis-
bury, Preston, llichaid&on, Pichey, Xiobixison, Xtockhill,
Root, Sawyer, Simp-on, Sinai t, Stanton, Stai kweather,
S;ephen«, Charles E. Stuau, Thomas, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Liobeit A. Thompson, William Thomp-
son Thurston, Toombs, Turner, Venabic, Wick, and Wood-
ward—83.
So the vote was^reconsidered.
The question then recurred on the reference of
the bill and amendments to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, asked the
previous question.
Mr. PECK rose to inquire, (as the reporter un-
derstood,) whether the amendments hud yet been
printed ?
Mr. ROCKWELL was understood to say, that
the amendments had not yet been printed; but if
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary should not prevail, and if the bill
should be recommitted to the Gommittee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, it was his (Mr.
R.'s) intention to move that the subject should be
informally passed over for a day or two, until the
bill and amendments should have been leturned
from the printer.
If he had understood the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Vinton,] it was
the intention of that gentleman to move "that the
House go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of appropriation bills which
were entitled to priority.
Mr. PETTIT rose and said, he withdrew his
motion to refer the bill and amendments to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PETTIT said he had withdrawn that mo-
tion.
Mr. MEADE rose and addressed an inquiry to
the Cluur, which was not heard, but which was
understood to have reference to the divisibility of
the question.
Mr. PETTIT now inquired of the Speaker
whether he could not withdraw his motion ?
The SPEAKER said he doubted very much
whether a motion, on which there had been so
much action, could be withdraw#. The question
was on the motion fo refer the bill and amend-
ments to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COBB, of Geoigia, said, if he had correctly
understood the proposition of the gentleman from
Connecticut/[Mr. Rockwell,] it was, that the
bill should be allowed to remain in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and that it
should be passed over informally for a few days.
Mr. ROCKWELL said such was his proposi-
tion.
Mr. COBB then submitted to the Chair, whether
it was m the power of the committee thus to pass
over a special order. He submitted, that after a
bill had once been made a special order, it was not
in the power of the committee to pass it over;
they were compelled to take it up. And he inquired
of the Speaker whether, if the motion to recom-
mit should prevail, the committee must not of ne-
cessity take up the bill, and act upon it?
Mr. VINTON said that there were certain spe-
cial orders, of appropriation bills, which took
priority over this bill, and which he proposed to
take up.
Mr. COBB. How the priority? j
Mr. VINTON. By a rule of the House. |
The question was "then taken on referring the j
bill and amendments to the Committee on the Ju- !
diciciiy, and was decided in the negative. j
So the House decided thatVhe bill should not |
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. j
The bill, therefore, was again before the House, j
Mr. DUER (after <t brief conversation with the j
Speaker on a point of order, of which very little j
was heard by the reporter) moved to reconsider :
the vote by which the Committee of the Whole on |
the state of the Union had been discharged from :
the further consideration of the said bill. I
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired if the gen- j
tleman from iN'ew York had voted with the major- '
ity ?
Mr. DUER said he had not.
Mr. COBB then submitted that the gentleman
could not move to reconsider.
The SPEAKER so decided.
Mr. BUTLER said that he had voted with the
majority, and he would move a reconsideration
of the \ote, and on that motion he asked the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, at the same
time demanded the previous question.
Mr. VENABLE moved that the motion to re- j
consider be laid upon the table; and asked the J
yeas and nays, which were ordered. j
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said that he had j
understood the Chair to decidc yesterday, when ;
the Committee of the Whole on the state or the >
Union was discharged from the consideration of ;
the bill, (and the vote of the House was in accord-
ance with the decision of the Chair,) that a vote
of two-thirds was necessary to discharge the com-
mittee. Would it not, therefore, require a vole of
two-thirds to reinstate the bill in its former posi-
tion.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was mis-
taken. The Speaker had not decided that a vote
of two-thirds was necessary to discharge the com-
mittee, but that such a vote was necessary to sus-
pend the rules, for the purpose of enabling the gen-
tleman from Indiana |Mr. Pettit] to submit his
motion. The rules were suspended. The motion
had then been made and carried by the vote of a ma-
jority. The question now was on reconsidering
that vote. If, however, a vote of two-thirds was re-
quired to cairy a proposition, it would rather seem
tnat any number over one-third could reconsider it.
Mr. VENABLE withdrew his motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the tabfe.
Mr. HALL,' of Missouri, renewed it.
Mr. VENABLE then renewed his own motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON inquired what was the
question?
The SPEAKER, stated it.
The question on the motion to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider the vote b£ which the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had been discharged from the consideration of the
bill, was then taken, and decided in the negative—
yeas 62, nays 120—as follows:
YEAS—Ale-sis. Atkinson, Barrow. Bocoek, Bridge?,
Albert G. Blown, Howell Cobb, Williamson U. VV. C> ob,
Collins, Cioziei, Di.ekey, Dickinson, Fatan, FeHther.-t^n,
Fitklin, Gentry, Goymn, Green, Willard P. Hall, Mammons,
Haralson, llairnanson, llenlej. Hill, George S. Houston,
John W. Houstoy, Inge, Charles J. Inger?oll, i verson, Jame-
son, Jaine> Ii. Johnson, John W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon,
Lumpkin, MeXvaj', Jon Mann, Millei, .Morns, i'ea-lee,
Peck, Pojto/i, PiMmrv, Rhett, Riehaidson, Richey, Kock-
hil!, Lloot, Saw)er, Sliepperd, Sinait, Stanton, Charles E.
Stuait, Tnomas, Jacob Tnompcon, Robert .A. Thompson,
Win. Thompson, Thurston, Toomn , Vail D}ke, Yenable,
Wallace, and Woodward—b2.
A'AYS—Me.-fis. Abbott, Adam*, Buiringer. Beale, Bcd-
inaer, Belcher, Bingham, Bird-all, Bluekmar, Bl.uichaid,
Bolts, Bo\d, Bojde.i, Brodhead, Buckner, Unit, Butler,
Canhy, Catncait, Chapman, Clapp, Clmgman, Cocke,
Congei, Cianston, Cn&fitld, U.uud, D.irlmg, Dixon, l?uei;
Eckert, Edwards, Emhree, Alcxandei Evans. Nathan Evans,
Fairclly, Fisher, Flournov, Frcedley. French, Fulton,
Gaines, Gayle, Giddings, Gott, Greeicy, Gregory, Grihnell,
Nathan Kr.Hall, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton,Harris,
Henry, Iliihard, fgnae E. Holmes, Elias B. Holmes, Hub-
bard, Hunt, Joseph It. (ugorsnll, itvin, Andrew Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Kellogg, Thomas Butler Kinff, Danici
P. King, William T. Lawienee, Sidney Lawrence, LefiBer,
Levm, Ligon, Lincoln, Lord, IvicClelland, McDowell, Mc-
Ilvainc, McLane, Horace Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Meade,
Morehead, Murphy, Kelson, Nes, Newell, Nieoll, Outlaw,
X^lfrey, Petrie, Pettit, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Uo^o, Runwey, St. John,
Schenck, SherriU, Silvester, Simpson, Caleb B. Smith,
Truman Smith, Starkweather, Stephens, Strong, Taylor,
Richard W. Thompson, John JJ. Thompson, Toutpkin*,
Tuck, Turner, Vinton, Warren, Wentwortii, White. Wick*
Williams, and Wilson—320.
So the motion to lay on the table was rejected.
The question recurring on the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union was dia ,
charged from the further consideration of the bill—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved tfrfe
previous question.
The demand for the previous question wafc
seconded, and the main question was ordered; and
being taken, was agreed to.
So the vote by which the Committee 'of the
Whole on the state of the Union was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill, was re-
considered, and the bill took its former place ih
Committee of the Whole on the state ^of the
Union.
fremokt's map.
Mr. LEVIN, from the Committee on Engra-
ving, reported the following resolution; which was
read and agreed to:
2le*ohcc, That the Cotnr.nuee on E'ltiraving be directed
to contract for 10,000 copie- or Fremont's map, to accom-
pany the report tiered by the House.
the appropriation bills.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking- up the Indian
appropriation bill; but, before the question was put,
with the indulgence of the House, lie begged leave
to say one word.
No objection being made—
Mr. VINTON proceeded. These were (he said)
but little over thirty nays of the session remaining
which were appropriated to the general business
of the House; and none of the appropriation bills
for the next fiscal year had yet been passed. It
was a matter of justice to tha Senate that these
bills go to that body in time for them to review the
estimates and examine the bills. It was by no
means impossible, though it wr-s to be hoped other-
wise, that that pestilence which had visited this
country mi^iitmake its appearance here. He had
been here fifteen years ago, when that disease was
approaching this city; a.id if it should happen to
stuke them during the present session as it had
done in the city of New Orleans, from the sensa-
tion which he knew had existed at that time, he
was sure it would be impossible to keep Congress
! together; and the result would be that they would
1 go away without passing the appropriation bills,
■ (which was a possible thing,) and we-should be
obliged to have a special session in consequence.
His purpose was to press the appropriation bills,
and he hoped to have the concurrence of all parts
of the House, (for the reason he hud stated,)
t so as to get them into the Senate as early as
; possible. He had stated two weeks ago that it
was his intention to get them into the Senate in all
! the month of January, which would leave the Sen-
! ate about four weeks to dispose of all the appro-
! priation bills. There were but one or two days
i remaining to get us info the middle of January.
The question on Mr. Vintox's motion was then
taken and agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Rockwell,of Connecticut, in the chair,) and,
: on motion of Mr. Vinton,, proceeded to the con-
: sideration of the bill making appiopriatioos for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
1 partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
; the various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1850.
: On motion of Mr. COCKS, by common con-
' sent, the general reading of the bill was dispensed
1 with, antT the Clerk proceeded to read it by sec-
tions, for amendment.
i The bill having now been gone through with,
' and no amendment having been offered—
