200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 9,
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House.
-The motion having prevailed, the committee rose
and reported the bill to the House without amend-
ment. - ,
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, rose to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Vinton,] whether there was any provision
in the bill interfering with the number of agents
and sub-agents in th  Indian country ?
Mr. VINTON said he could not hear the inter-
rogatory put to him by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Hall.]
Mr. HALL said that the question he had asked
of the gentleman was this: whether there was any-
thing in tliis bill interfering with the number of
agents and sub-agents, who were now authorized
by a law passed at the last session of Congress,
and which was, in its several provisions, similar to
this?
Mr. VINTON said, in reply, that he presumed
there was not. The bill contained an appropria-
tion for all the usual agents and sub-agents estima-
ted for by the Indian or War Department. He
had the estimates in his hands. He-presumed that
they embraced all. '
Mr. HALL said, he then understood the gen-
tleman to say that there was nothing in this bill
which proposed to alter existing laws.
Mr. VINTON said 'he supposed not.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, rose to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether he knew that this bill was in per-
fect consistency with the bill of the last session?
and, in order that the gentleman might more fully
understand what his (Mr. J.'s) object in making
the inquiry was, ho would state that the Indian
appiopriation bill, which was passed at the last
session of Congress, without debate or considera-
tion, contained provisions striking out the whole
system of our Indian relations west.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that this ]'
bill must either have its third reading or not,. If i i
not then, there was no question before the House. II
Mr. JOHNSON said he must object to the third i
reading of the bill. He had just written to the j!
department, and he would desire to have an answer
to that communication before this bill was dis-
posed of.
Mr. BARRINGER said that he thought hecould I i
answer the inquiry of the gentleman from Arkan- j'
sas, [Mr. Johnson,] so as to render any delay in >!
the passage of this bill unnecessary. He (Mr. B.) |!
had not looked through all the details of the bill,
but as lie understood it, it simply made appropri- j!
ations to carry into effect all l<uvs and treaties j!
now in force concerning this particular branch of [
the public service. It was true\hat the bill Jnid !i
passed, (as lieorly all appropriation bills, excepting
perhaps the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, j
did pass,) without any very minute consideration; Ij
but at the last session an amendment was offered j
(as the gentleman from Arkansas would remem- ij
her) to limit and reduce the number of agents and ;j
sub-agents in the Indian country. Upon thatamend- 1
ment a debate arose; and that question was not
now before the House at all. The bill now under
consideration did not conflict, or rather did not in-
terfere with, the present number of agents or sub-
agents.
Mr. VINTON appealed to the gentleman from
Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] to withdiaw his objec-
tion, and to suffer the bill to pass.
Mr. JOHNSON, in reply, said that a delay of
one day could make no great difference. He had
would withdraw his objection to the third reading
of the bill.
So the objection was withdrawn.
And, thereupon, by general consent, the bill was
read a third time, and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. VINTON, said that the next bill standing
upon the special orders was the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, and he moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of pro-
ceeding to the consideration of that bill.
Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, made a report of cer-
tain bills, which received the signature of the
Speaker.
The question then recurred and was taken on the
motion of Mr. Vinton, and was decided in the
affirmative.
So the House again resolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Smith, of Indiana, in the chair.)
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1850, and for other purposes.
The Clerk, under direction of the chairman, pro-
ceeded to redd the said bill.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to dispense with the
j reading of the whole bill, as had been done in the
I case of the Indian appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN put the question; but before
1 the vote was announced—
j Mr. HUDSON said that'he believed, if the corn-
; miitee would reflect a moment, ^hey would dis-
: pense with the reading. If the bill was read entirely
1 through at the commencement, and then again read
! by sections, the first reading would be entirely
i lost. If it was read by sections, it could be under-
I stood as it was read, and considerable time might
j be saved.
I The question was then taken, and the reading of
; the bill was dispensed with.
j It was then taken up by sections.
I MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
The following item being under consideration,
viz:
For compensation and mileage of Senators, members of
the House of Representatives, and Delegates, $768,200.
Mr. EMBREE'uioved to amend it by adding
thereto the following:
Provided, That the mileage of members of both Houses
of Congress shallliereafter be estimated and charged upon
the shortest mail route from their places of residence, re-
spectively, to the city of Washington.
Mr. STEPHENS moved to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word "shortest," and
inserting; the word " usual."
Mr. STEPHENS suggested to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Embree,] to accept this amend-
ment as a modification of his own.
Mr. GREELEY said a few words (very imper-
fectly heard by the reporter) in explanation of
what he conceived tf> be the objectionable opera-
tion of the amendment of Mr. Stephens—illus-
trating that objection by reference to certain mail
routes, and their length, in comparison with the
shortest routes. Members from eastern Vermont,
he said, used to come to Troy, and thence down
to New York. Now they went round by the way
of Boston to New York, which was some one hun-
dred and fifty miles further.
Mr. EMBREE declined to accept the amend-
ment of Mr. Stephens as a modification of his
own. He preferred that his amendment should
stand as it was.
addressed a letter to the department, the object of '{■ Mr. STEPHENS thought that.the correct prin-
wnich was to ascertain the facts Hedid not wish |i ciple, and that by which all the difficulties attend-
o e ay le passage of the bill; but, on the other i; tins subject of mileage could be removed, was,
hand, he did not wish it to go from this House j that the member should "be allowed mileage by the
1" i'0li "e"'S cel'.ta"; upon these points, because ! ioute over which the mail was actually carried,
he had been decenea upon the subject at the last Mr. GAYLE (very indistinctly hgard) was un-
.•cssion, and had sufiered mucn solicitude 011 that •' derstood to suggest to the gentleman who moved
this amendment, [Mr. Stephens,] that he pre-
account.
Mr. BARRINGER sustained the appeal of Mr.
Vinton, that the gentleman from Arkansas would
now withdraw his objection and suffer the bill to
pass. If the gentleman would do so, and should
to-morrow show that there-hg.d been the slightest
interference with the subject, he (Mr. B.) w'ould
pledge himself to move a reconsideration of the
vote.
Mr. JOHNSON said, upon that condition he
! sumed there were many members of this House
| who did not come to this city over any mail route j
j at all, to whose place of residence there was, per- i
i haps, no mail route. What would the gentleman j
j say of the member from Oregon? Certainly there I
I was no mail route thither. And how would his ■
| mileage becomputed.underthegemleman'samend- <
ment?
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, inquired of the !
Chairman whether the amendment of the gentle-
man from Georgia was pending.
The CHAIRMAN replied that it was.
Mr. EVANS. Is it in order to move an amend-
ment to it' *
The CHAIRMAN. No; that is an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Embrke.]
The question still being on Mr. Stephens's
amendment to the amendment of Mr. Embree—
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, said he did not
see the necessity for any change in the existing
law. The law, as it now stood, provided that
mileage should be charged upon the route usually
traveled between the Capitol and the residence
of the member. Now, if compensation was to
| be allowed for traveling expenses, undoubtedly it
I should becomputed upon the route usually traveled
I by the public who had occasion to visit the Capi-
j tol, from the respective residence of members of
I Congress. There might be allowances of mileage
; which were too large, but the principle on which
j gentlemen proposed to reduce the mileage was radi-
| cally wrong and defective. They seemed to con-
! template that mileage should be allowed to mem- '
I bers of Congress as compensation for their traveling
! expenses^ and, if so, it ought to be according to
! the route on which gentlemen usually tiaveled.
I Now, if gentlemen had been guilty of any evasion
i of law, of a fraud, (if he might use that term,) it
| could be corrected by the proper committee. 'If
\ any gentleman, in either branch of Congress, had
; charged upon a route longer than that which was
usually traveled, then let the Committee on Mile-
age take the subject into consideration, and redress
the evil and the wrong. But there was no neces-
sity for further legislation, unless they were to
draw their air lines, unless they were to provide
II that the mileage be computed upon lines drawn by
11 parallels of latitude or of longitude. He was
1 therefore opposed to any change or modification
in the existing law.
The amendment offered by the gentleman from
Georgia embraced bis (Mr. H.'s) own case. As
he had said on a previous occasion, the mileage
allowed him was upon the usual mail route between
this city and his place of residence; and it was also
the route which was usually traveled. It was well
known that there were a great many obscure post
route's. He believed there was a small route across
Chesapeake Bay to Cambridge and to Easton,
Maryland, and thence to his place of residence, but
it was not the route on which the mail between this
city and his residence was transported, nor was it
the route that was usually traveled. He was in-
formed by a gentleman who had taken the trouble
to investigate this newspaper article, that the route
there given as that upon which he (Mr. H.) should
receive mileage was not that over which the mails
were transported; and what was more, over appor-
tion of it there were only little weekly or semi-
weekly mails transported on horseback or in a
sulky. Of course it was impossible for any gen-
tleman to find any general public line of communi-
cation between his place of residence and this city
j upon that route. Why, then, should mileage be .
Jl charged according to that route over which a gen-
I tleman could not travel, unless he took .his own
it conveyance, to reach Washington?
Ij The ground on which gentlemen were seeking
j| to amend this law, he repeated, was not correct
ji in itself; it was radically wrong. If gentlemen
!1 were to be allowed compensation for their traveling
expenses, it ouglit to be according to the route
usually traveled. Entertaining these views, he was
opposed to any change in the exisling law. If
gentlemen desired to reduce the arnouut of com-
pensation. let them reduce the rates of mileage;
but let them not do it by the adoption of a false
system.
Mr.'TUCK said lie was compelled to differ from
the views-which had been expressed by the gen-
tleman .from Delaware, [Mr. Houston.] This
matter of the limitation of the mileage of members
of Congress was one to which the people had
turned their attention. They saw. and members
j knew that it was a matter in which they (the raetu-
j bers) were particularly and personally interested,
■ and they were called upon by the unmistakable
' voice of the people of this country to correct one
; greatevil in regard to the expenditure of the public
money; they were called upon to correct an evil
J in a matter wherein their own pockets were con-
i cerned.
