3849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOS
in the morning, and at night go to the Sergeant-at-
arms and draw their ninety or a hundred dollars.
[Several voices: " Three hundred dollars," " two
hundied," &c.] He did utit know exactly how
much the day's mileage from New York was
worth. It was somewhere about one hundred
dollars. He-had not inquired, and he did not care
particularly about the odd dollars and cents. New
York lay in his route,-and what he was most clear
about was, that there was no portion of his route
over which he could make money so fast as that
from New York to Washington—starting from
JNew York in the morning, and in the evening
• drawing a hundred dollars for mileage.
[A voice: " You cant't come, from New York
in one day."]
Mr. ROOT replied that he had done it; and
there was no difficulty about it at all. Gentlemen
having the good fortune to live on this route, could
travel by the most direct mad route, and in the
most expeditious manner at the same time, and
get their pay for every mile of travel; while the
effect of the amendment would be to compel west-
ern members to make the whole sweep of Lake
Erie, the New York railroad, and the Hudson
river, for the same compensation, which eastern
members earn so easily. Eight dollars for every
twenty miles might be enough in his case, but it
was a gieat deal too much for members living on
all these great routes of travel.
Mr. MCJRPHY said, when he came on, he left
NewYoikat5 o'clock in the afternoon, and ar-
rived at Philadelphia to supper; and then, entering
the cars again, he slept very comfortably, and was
here in the morning at 8 o'clock. He lost no time.
The mileage was ninety dollars.
Mr. ROOT would inquire of the gentleman from
New Yot k, whether he took his passage and came
on, as what the agents sometimes call 44 a dead-
head [Laughter.]
Mr. MURPHY replied, (amidst considerable
merriment and laughter,) that he did not know of j
more than one member belonging to the New j
York delegation to whom that appellation could
properly atta<4i. j
Mr. ROOT said, although his friend from New ;
York was tolerably expert m everything he treated I
of, yet he might not understand the meaning of the j
term he had used. He would inform him that the [
term u dead-head" was applied by the steamboat j
gentlemen to passengers who were allowed to i
travel without paying their faie. 13ut Mr. II. was !
opposed to ail personalities, fie never indulged in j
Any such thing himself, and he never would favor ■
such mdnl< ence on the part of other gentlemen.
Mr. LEVIN. I want merely to suy  j
* Mr. ROOT. I am afraid  j
[The confusion of voices and "merriment which ,
followed completely drowned the few words of ;
pleasant explanation delivered hereby Mr. Levin.]
Mr. GRE.ELEY addressed the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York will suspend his remarks till the committee
shall come to order.
Order being restored—
Mr. GREELEY said he did not pre'tend to know
what the editor of the Philadelphia Stm—the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Levin]—had done.
But if any gentleman, anxious about the matter,
would inquire at the railroad offices in Philadel-
phia and Baltimore, he would there be informed,
that he (Mr. G.) never had passed over any por-
tion of either of those roads free of charge—never
in the world. One ot the gentleman mteiested had
once told him he might; but he never had.
Mr. ROOT continued. The gentleman from*
New York would do him the justice to admit that
he had intended no peisonahties. All knew how
he had been drawn into this conversation. He
had given the gentleman credit for eight dollars and
a fip in the omnibus. [A laugh.]
[The meriment here again prevailed against all
possibility of hearing distinctly for "some time; while i!
the gentleman from Ohio expressed his dissent'!
from some of the conclusions of the gentleman from li
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,]&and ridiculed those
editors and others in the country who join in the
cry against the mileage of members of Congress.]
He argued that it never would do to allow mem-
bers from Boston and New York the same rate of
mileage with those who came across the country.
His friend from Virginia, on his right, residing far
back from arvy rail road conveyance, and at about
the same distance* from the capital with the New
York members, could not travel in the same
time with them, and therefore they should not re-
ceive as much mileage as he. This thing of dis-
tance would have to be disregarded in adjusting
the charges for mileage. It would not do.' Time
was the principal thing to be considered. He had
thought of a rule which he would now suggest, by
which these northwestern members, who have to
travel through the mud, might be placed on an equal-
ity with the more favored members, who have the
best facilities for traveling. He would propose
that there should be allowed to each member 
dollars per day for the time consumed in traveling
at the usual rate of speed, over the nearest post
route from his residence to the seat of Govern-
ment. [Laughter.] If this rule was established,
it would be an easy mattei to asceitam the requi-
: House; and that two hundred and fifty extra copies thereof
! be printed for the use of th6 Bureau-of topographical En-
| gineers. v
j The resolution having been read—
j Mr. CONGER said this report was sent in a
j few days ago from the Secretary of War, and it
; was deemed by the committee that the benefit to
J be derived from its circulation was so manifest,
| that the cost of printing could hardly be thought
I of m the comparison. It was but a small report;
j and as the ten thousand copies would only cost
| fifteen dollars, he hoped the'resolution would not
I be objected to. In addition to those copies of the
! report required by the Bureau of Engineers, the
jj people about Buffalo and residing on the lake were
J1 desirous of obtaining copies.
Mr. TOOMBS said he hoped the House would
site time that should be chaiged on every route, as jj not now act on the resolution. It seemed to him
there rn^ght be a committee for that purpose. This
would place all upon an equality. That was the
word; and he went for that. Upon this principle
the mileage compensation could be adjusted by a
rule securing the strictest equality; and gentlemen
might travel only by day. They might take th,e
top of the day, and get upon the road m the morn-
ing; .or if they were disposed, like his friend from
New York, they might wait till evening, those of j
them who find comfortable sleeping, as he says he \
has found in the curs. It would be of no sort of i
consequence how much time might be occupied on '
the road. Gentlemen might travel day and night j
continually, or stop and take their rest. It would ]
be only necessary to ascertain the time required to ,
carry ihemail over each route, for that, in all cases, I
might be taken for the most expeditious rate ot ■
traveling. ;
He would not say how much this per diem :
should be, but he would say u ought to be enough j
to pay traveling expenses, and something more.
VVheie men were called upon to leave their homes j
and business, and come here to legislate for the na- ;
tion—if they discharged their duties faithfully—
he thought (hey ought to make at least one dollar j
a day clear of expenses—[a laugh]—that was about
the pricc of a bushel of wheat. He knew there ;
was considerable difference m men in respect to *
the amount of their expenses, and that some gen- !
tlemen did not make even as much as this. But j
they weie doing injustice to their families. i
The committee had been so exceedingly disor- i
deily* that he had not been able to speak as coi-
rectly as he could wish; but he felt that lie had
been able to point out an amendment the operation
of winch would be much more equal than that un- j
der consideration. He was not opposed to the 1
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, be- 1
cause it proposed to reform a long established rule. '
He never had any fears about a icform. But he |
did not want a reform which did nothing more j
than remove a burden from the shoulders of one j
class of men and place it on those of another. He
protested against this idea of tiavehng over rough
roads and tnrough the woods at the same rate per
mile with gentlemen from Nesv York, and Boston,
and Cumberland, and Chaile^ton.
that one of the greatest abuses of this Governfnent
I was that which arose out of the printing of Con-
j gress. It was never before carried to such an ex-
i tent as by the Printing Committee of the present
i Congress. It was but the other day that twenty
1 thousand copies of Fremont's report were ordered;
J and the members had now on their hands so many
. copies of the Patent Office report, made at the last
! session, that they did not know what to do with
! them. He repeated, that he regarded this as one
• of the most infamous and wasteful of all the abuses
1 of the Government, and which ought to be cor-
rected at once. He believed it was a practice of
, the Printing Committee always to recommend the
printing of the highest number referred for their
1 consideration.
I Mr. HENLEY said the gentleman from Georgia
i was incorrect in stating that the Committee on
j Printing had uniformly recommended and adopted
i the largest numbers of copies of documents referred
| to them for their consideration to print. On the
■ contrary, the committee had invariably endeavored
j to curtail expenses, and resuain the extravagance
| of the House in this regard. An instance was
before his mind, where the House rejected the
smaller number reported as the recommendation
of the committee, .and ordered the printing of a
much larger number. He referred to the last
report of the Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. TOOMBS said he understood that the
, older to print extra copies of this report of the
: Commissioner of Patents was for a much larger
j number than had been ever before printed; and
that this practice of increasing the numberof copies
of the report from this officer had been going on,
■ year after year, for some time.
I Mr. CONGER (interposing) simply desired to
i say, that on one or two occasions, during this very
j session, he had taken this matter of recommend-
. mg printing out of the hands of the Printing Com-
j mittee; and when it had been referred to the dis-
; cretion and-judgment of the House, the largest
! number had been ordered. As one instance of this
: kind, he referred to the late annual report of the
I Secretary of the Treasury.
] Mr. TOOMBS continued. So far as the House
was concerned, he had remarked the greatest ex-
Mr EM BR EE next obtained the floor, but gave ! i travagance in this respect—an extravagance, in his
way for
Mr. HARALSON, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. GREELEY appealed to the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Haralson] to withhold his
motion, while he might, by the courtesy of the
gentleman from Inuiana, [Mi. EmuRbt.,] make a
brief icply to the allusions which had been made
to him, and his course upon this subject. He
asked only for rive minutes. But
Mr. HARALSON adhered to his motion; which
was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and reported, No con-
clusion.
SETTLEMENT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. NICOLL presented the petition of Giinnell,
judgment, wholly unaccountable. He would not
by any means make the Committee on Printing
answerable to the public for the whole of this
crying evil. He admitted that the House had been
even a little woise than the committee; because, as
the gentleman had said, there was no instance of
the House reducing the number of copies recom-
mended by the committee. He was among the
objectors to those extravagant orders for printing
referred to; and he objected to the present order
recommended, because he looked on the general
rule as an extravagance that ought to be curtailed.
Besides, the inteiest in this report was a local
one, confined to the people of the city of Buffalo
alone 
Mr. CONGER said it was a subject of the high-
Mmturn, & Co., Daniel Lord, Elias H. Ely, and' C3t interest, not only to the people of Buffalo, but
others, of New York, asking for the passage of the ' m ail thp' ' hablt n,s
bill to provide for the settlement of claims against
the United States; which was iead,and laid on the
table.
HARBOR AT BUFFALO. j
Mr. CONGER, from the Committee on Print- |
ing, reported the following resolution: j
Resolved, Tnat on(3 thousand extta copie-s ot the letter of
the tfceietaiy ot War, <usd the .icct'nipanjsng p  per-,in |
' arbor at Buffalo. iVeu \ on;, communicated to
to ail the inhabitants along the lakes.
Mr. TOMBS said, it was not a subject which
interested the whole country. It was purely a
local question. It was not of the slightest interest
to his constituents, nor, perhaps, to the constit-
uents of twenty gentlemen in the House, not the
slightest. He repudiated the consistency which
would allow gentlemen to fix up a number of
extracts from the agricultural journals, call it
a Patent Office report, and order the printing
this House on the 6Ui instant, be puuted for the use_of this . !of fifty or one hundred thousand extra copies.
