£06
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
this particular map, or caring anything aboutthem,
1 said to the Senate, that the maps which are got
up for the ostensible purpose of furnishing authen-
tic and reliable information- concerning California
and the gold region, and the best modes of con-
veyance thither, are mere catchpenny maps. They
are got up by men living in the different cities of
this Union, who know nothing in God's world
about the subjects upon which they pretend to fur-
nish authentic information, nor do they care a
Straw about them. They know there is a fever,
and, like quacks, they try to communicate it to
every one, so that they may sell their worthless
productions. But, great God! do not let them come
to the Senate and sell their catchpenny books and
maps here. We are too old, and, I should hope,
possessed of too much dignity, to enter into any
such transactions as these. Let us confine our-
selves, then, to the construction of maps from
original materials.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
believing that this will not prove a very profitable
speculation to the country, and that it does not in
any respect commend itself to our consideration,
without any reference whatever to its merits, I
move that the report and resolution be laid upon
the table.
This motion was agreed to. ,
SENDING FREE NEGROES TO AMRICA IN
PUBLIC VESSELS.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Committee on
the Judiciary were discharged from the 'further
consideration of the petition of free colored persons
in Indiana and adjoining States, praying that Uni-
ted States vessels going to Africa might carry free
negroes desirous to go* to Liberia.
Mr. BUTLER moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the petition was laid
on the table.
PAYMENT FOR HORSES.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER,'the Committee
on the Judiciary were discharged from the further
consideration of House bill further to continue in
force the acts for the payment of horses and other
property lost in the military service of the United
States.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and l'o«t
Ko.id  inquite why the counties of St. Lucie and l)adc, in
the SutB of- Florida, aio excluded from the benefit of tile
m ul system; why the provi.-ions of the fourth section of the
act ot 3d March, 1835, regulating the I'ost Office Depart-
ment, have heen complied with in regard to the&e counties ;
arid whether any, and what legislation is neeessury in the
premises.
Mr. HALE. I ask that the resolution be read.
PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a resolution of 1
inquiry. _ j
The resolution was read.
Mr. BENTON, if this was merely a resolution
of inquiry relating to a local matter, I presume
there would be no objection to its passage by any
member of the Senate. But here is a resolution of
affirmation, which affirmation is in fact, if not in 1
woids, that the Postmaster General hay not com-
plied with thejequirements of the law. j
Mr. YULEE. The papers presented to the Sen- j
ate contained the affirmation, and the resolution '
is m accordance with that statement. I have, how- i
evei, no objection to Us bei g altered in any way
the Senator may desire. '
Mr. DICKINSON called for the reading of the
resolution. I
Mr. YULEE. I would move that the resolu- I
tion be amended by inserting the words " if it be
so." 1
PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading of the |
resolution is called for.
The resolution was again read. !
Mr. YULEE. I would amend my motion by i
requesting the substitution of the word*" whether'' [
for the word " why," wherever the. latter occurs
in the resolution. '
Mr. BREjiSE called for the reading of the reso- !
lution as it was proposed to be amended. j:
IheResolution as amended (by substituting I1
whether for « why" in the second and fourth
lines) was read and adopted. i,
Mi. BKNfON submitted the following; which I.
lies over one day, under the rule: I]
lioSfh5'™'' Tihat th? Sterp|1*1'y of the Senate be, and lie
lierebj is, authorized. au4 tiitected to contract with a suit- l|
able person for compiling a synoptical index to the lafas and
treaties of the United States, in continuation of the like
index compiled hy order of the House of Representatives,
of loth May, 1845.
The following resolution, submitted on the 8th
by Mr. BELL, -was taken up, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That Hie Second Auditor and Second Comp-
troller of the Treasury report to the Senate, as early as prac-
ticable, what amount is due to the Cherokee nation of In-
dians. according to the principle* established l>y the treaty
of 1846 between the United States and the &ajd Cherokee
nation, taking as a basi? for" their calculation the statement
of'amounts made by the Commissioner oi Indian Alhurs,
in his leport ot May 10.1848.
COLONIZATION OF COLORED PERSONS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of a
motion made yesterday by Mr. Underwood, that
' the petition of Daniel P. Bedmger, praying that
an annual appropriation may be made by Congress j
for the transportation of such free persons of color
as may desire to emigrate to Liberia, or such slaves
as may be manumitted, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions to in-
quire and report whether Congress possesses the
constitutional pjpwer to appropriate money for the
removal of free people of color who may choose
to emigrate, and slaves who may hereafter be
emancipated for that purpose, to the Republic of
Liberia, or elsewhere; and if, in the opinion of the
committee, Congress possesses the power, whether
it be expedient and proper to make such appropria-
tion.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will it be in order to ask
that the question be taken upon the motion for the
reference of the petition and of the instructions
separately.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The subject can be
separated, in the opinion of the Chair, if it be de-
sired.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire that the question ,
may be taken separately, i am in favor of thej
reference of the petition as a matter of course, and |
opposed to instructions in such cases as this, i |
hope that the question will be taken separately, 1
unless my honorable friend from Kentucky will j
consent to strike out that*part of his motion which
relates to the instructions. • 1
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no objection to i
a separation of the question, but I will remark to :
the honorable Senator from New York that the !
proposition contains no instructions for positive 1
action upon the subject beyond mere inquiry. The I
motion made by me was for the reference of the j
petition, with a request to the committee that they j
would inquire and report upon certain questions
embraced m the petition.
Mr. DICKINSON. I misapprehended, then, I
slightly the tenor of the honorable Senator's mo- ^
tion. I withdraw my objection.
j Mr. DAYTON. 1 have no purpose, and have
! had none, to interpose any obstacle to the wishes
j oi the honorable Senator from Kentucky upon this
I subject. But when a reference of an important
1 subject is made to a committee, I think it is desi-
j rable not to forestall either the judgment of the
i committee or the course of action of the committee
by any ha^ty instructions that may be sent to
them; bccause it sometimes happens that petitions
or memorials may be sent to a committee which it
-is not desirable for the committee to act or report
upon, and it would be well, I think, to leave some
little discretion of this kind to the committee.
Now, this 48 just one of those questions upon
which the committee ought to be allowed the ex-
eitise of some discretion. I submit, therefore, to
my honorable friend, that he strike out so much
of his resolution as instructs the Judiciary Com-
imttee to take action and to make a .eport to the |! ii'ave rmt-ImIfm'unshackli'n- them in every.
nrmuer." "" " " lm'e "M P8™"'"- II WaS ^X-erf IS
Mi- nivTiPnwnnn ri, ,1 „ n i known 'heir opinions that I moved a reconsidera-
Mi LJXUERWOOD. _ I had really no great tion of the vote by which the petition of the sen-
object to subserve m movin; the instructions, to ;| tfeman from New Hampshire was laid upon the
handwriting. Knowing him to be a man of respect-
ability, I felt it due to him to ask the reference
with the hope of getting a report of the committee
upon the constitutionality and expediency of a
measure of this sort during the present session. -1
did not expect the action of the Senate upon the
report, but I wanted to see what the committee
thought of the constitutional question, and also
what the committee thought with regard to the
expediency of the measure.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. What is the
nature of the measure the constitutionality and ex-
pediency of which is desired to be ascertained?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman from
Massachusetts not having beln in his seat at the
time the petition was presented, I will ask permis-
sion to repeat to him its object, in order that he
may understand it. The petition prays Congress
to appropriate money to send out free persons of
color who may desire to go, and also such slaves
as may hereafter be manumitted for the purpose of -
emigrating to Liberia or elsewhere, with a view to
colonization.
Another object that I had in view was this:
Certain quarters of this country have been per-
petually reproaching the South on the subject of
the institution of negro slavery. It is perfectly
well known that in the slaveholding States there
is a divided opinion. It is perfectly well known
that among slaveholders themselves there is a por-
tion of them who are willing to manumit their
slaves, provided they can be sent from the coun-
try, but who are entirely hostile to their mauumis-
sion if they are to be allowed to remain. Now, I
do want to test the opinion of northern men, of
northern representatives upon the question of the
power and expediency of appropriating money
out of the national treasury for relieving the coun-
try of the slaves, whenever slave-owners may be
disposed to manumit them. And in 'the remarks
which I made the other day, I called the attention
of the committee to the appropriations which have
been made for the removal ot the Indians and of
recaptured Africans, and requestedHhem in their
report to make a distinction, if they could, be-
tween that appropriation and this appiopiiation,
which this petition asks for. i wait to be informed
in relation to these matters.
One remark more, and I have done. It is this:
There seems to.be a sensitiveness on this subject
which I myself have never felt. There is a south-
ern sensitiveness and a northern sensitiveness, and
a disposition perhaps to agitate in certain quarters,
which I have always wholly disregarded. I look
upon it as utterly hopeless, as entirely useless, to
attempt the suppression of the discussiou of any
subject by the American mind. Any attempt to
suppress it, here or elsewhere, must end in a fail-
ure; and we of the South only do ourselves an
injury, in my opinion, whenever we attempt to-
exclude a discussion here, if northern gentlemen
choose to enter upon it.
Sir, I always have been, while a member of the
other House, opposed to the 21st rule. 1 am op-
posed to all restrictions here, and I am for throw-
ing the responsibility upon northern men, when
they choose to investigate and speak upon the
subject, either in or out of Congress. I want to
ascertain the length and breadth, the height and
depth, of public sentiment, and all its bearings,
speculative and practicable bearings; and I have
deemed it my duty, as representing a partion of
the slaveholding community, to get from these
northern gentlemen, at ail times, upon all occa-
sions, and everywhere, precisely what they think,
and what they design to do; and therefore i always
the instructions to
the committee to inquire and report, but 1 did
think, sir, that this was an appropriate occasion
to have a report from the committee on the subject.
I desired it because the petition itself, and because
the letter accompanying the petition, spoke of pro-
ceedings now in agitation m reference to a conven-
tion, and the influence which possibly a report of
this committee might have upon the action of the
convention. I regarded it as a duty 1 owed to the
petitioner. My colleague, who is acquainted with
table.
Sir, do you ever expect, does any sensible, ra-
tional man expect, that you are to allay the excite-
ment which has been progressing year after year
until it is at the point almost of seveiing this Union
—do you ever expect to allay that excitement un-
less you can get men rationally to think and ration-
ally to talk-on the subject ? When a northern man
or a northern woman sends his or her petition here,
him 'informs mp thnt h. --    as in the case to which 1 have alluded, asking you
I kvimi, f i y lespectable man. not to extend slavery over any part of the United
done business ibr him" anifam °afil 1 !'^ve States for which you can legislate, do you expect
done business loi him, and am acquainted with his |! you can conciliate that man, or that woman, by
