208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10.
have "at length reached such a condition that if we
now attempt to exercise the poor right of the beg-
gar and <?ry for some slight relief, we are denounced
as insolent. Yes, sir, if ye look up to our mas-
ters and pry, God bless us, we are called insolent.
Now, I protest, once and forever, against the jus-
tice of any such remarks as those: We have been
and are now too submissive. We have bowed our
faces to the earth, with our backs to the lash, and
yet we are reproached as being insolent. W^e have
been submissive long enough, heaven and earth
knows, and I am at a loss to know why it is that
we are to be reviled for it-. I have no wish to in-
terfere with the rights of our brethren of the South.
I have no desire to be aggressive; 1 only wish to
be let alone. . Nay, I am willing, so far as I speak
the sentiments or those who sent me here, to be
made responsible forthesustentation of human sla-
very, so far as our constitutional obligation reaches.
I am willing to go to the full limit and letter of the
bond; and 'if you find that the pound of flesh is
written down, take it; if you findfhuman blood
written there, take it; but when we ask, in the
name of humanity, that we shall not go beyond
the line of our constitutional obligation, I do ask
that we may not be called aggressive.
Mr. DOUGLAS.. 1 do not intend to enter into
a discussion of the question now under considera-
tion. It is only the last few remarks of the Senator
from-New Hampshire that have brought me to my
feet. As a norther^ man, I am not willing to have
it asserted here, without being denied promptly
and unequivocally, that the North has been de-
graded by the South. I am not willing to have the
libel pronounced on this floor and be silent. North-
ern men have always maintained their rights, and
they are the last people to yield to an infraction of
those rights. Northern men have shown their
willingness to meet any issue, at all times, in the
halls of legislation, whenever an issue has been
presented; and, sir, if there has been any submis-
sion'on the part of the North in former times—any
humble submission—it was an humble submission
to the principles of the Constitution, and not to any
dictation from the South. I have only regretted,
in these latter days, that this humble submission
to the principles of the Constitution, on the part of
gome of my northern friends, had not been con-
tinued. I, sir, have voted to keep abolition petitions
out of these halls'. I have voted to keep down the
spirit of fanaticism that was agitating and exciting
the country to no good, which could have no other
effect than to array the North against the South, and
the South against the North, to weaken the bond of
union between the differentportions of the country,
and to build up men and factions who are willing
to destroy the safeguards of the Constitution and
of the Union. And, sir, is this submission to the
spirit of the principles of the Constitution to be
denounced as a submission to southern faction?
No, sir, I wish to execute the powers of this Gov-
ernment in that spirit of harmony and conciliation
which brought the Constitution into existence. If,
sir, the South had come forward, as the North has
done, taunting and adding insult to insult every
time one of their number rose upon this floor, do
you think that we ever would, have had a Consti-
tution ? And shall we be £he degenerate sons'of
those patriotic sires who formed the Constitution?
If the Constitution was good when it came ,from
their hands, how shall it be said that we who live
under it and obey its provisions are degenerate
for our fidelity to it ? Sir, I undertake to say that
there would be no cause for complaint on this
question of slavery, if each man would mind his
own busioess, and not introduce the subject of
slavery into these hails. New Hampshue would
not know how the poor negro suffers if it were not
told to them by those who never saw it, who know
nothing of what they are talking about. And the
South would not know how badly they are treated
by the North if it were not brought home to them
for such kind purpose as to influence votes m a pop-
ular election. I wish to banish this whole agitation
from these halls. Let us rival each other in our de-
votion to the Constitution, in a spirit of harmony, of
conciliation-, binding the different sections together
more firmly, rather than in abuse and attacks upon
different portions of the Union, merely to excite
angry feelings and discontent. Sir, if we wish to
settle this question of slavery, let us banish the
agitation from these halls. Let us remove the
causes which produce it; let us settle it.in the ter-
ritory we have acquired, in a manner to satisfy
the honor and respect,the feelings of every portipn
of the Union. Do not msult one section of the
Union by bringing forward your prohibition of
slavery, nor defy the other by threats of disunion.
Bring those territories into this Union as States
upon an equal footing with the original States.
Let the people of such States settle the question
of slavery within their limits, as they would settle
the question of banking, or any other domestic
institution, according-to their own will. What-
ever that settlement may be, I shall be content
with it; and if we of the North will but mind our
own business, and if you of the South will be
quiet and mind yours, and let California act for
herself, I think we shall have very little to trouble
us. Neither the North nor the South have any
right to enforce their peculiar notions upon the
people of those territories. I do not speak of con-
stitutional rights, i do not choose to go into ab-
stractions and metaphysical reasoning, but I speak
of those moral rights which are violated when we
go to dictating forms of government to a people
who are about ready to assume the position of an
independent State. And, sir, let us settle it in this
District in the*same way. Retrocede it to Mary-
land. When you have, done these two things,
there is nothing left "for agitation on the sub-
ject of slavery. The Abolition party will become
extinct, the Whigs can stand upon their own
Whig measures, the Democrats upon their own
immutable and eternal principles, and I shall be-
lieve the country is safe in the hands of either.
But mffyGod prevent that this country is to be
ruled by a faction which comes into power by pan-
dering to feelings and prejudices combining men
from all parties, with no one principle in common!
God prevent that we shall ever be ruled by such a
party in this country! duiet agitation, remove
its causes, settle the question, m order to avert
such a calamity.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise not to make a pro-
tracted reply to the Senator from New Hampshire,
but to call the attention of the Senate and of the
country to the great error which the women and
children of the North, and some of the men too,
are falling into in reference to this very question.
When I was up at first, I pointed out the restric-
tions and limitations upon the right of petition,
and the gentleman from New Hampshire has
thought proper to take issue with me in regard to
those restrictions and limitations. My points were
two: First, that the petitioner had no right to ask
a legislative body to do anything, unless that body
had the power of doing it. The gentleman did not
deny that. My second position was, that the
petitioner had no right to ask a legislative body to
pass a law, or to repeal or modify a law, unless
the law to be passed, repealed, or modified oper-
ated upon him; and upon that point the gentleman
from New Hampshire takes issue. There, sir, is
the great error of the North, and there is the basis
upon whicli all this mischievous agitation which
has prevailed in this Hall, and in the other branch
of Congress, for years, rests.
Now/sir, it is upon this point that I wish to
offer a few remaiks; and if the noithern mind
would take hold of it and give it a practical appli-
cation, it would be an essential benefit to the coun-
try. How does the gentleman attempt to evade
this position5 He does it, sir, by making the
right of petition synonymous with praying. It is
nothing but a prayer, an effusion of the feelings of
the mind or the soul; and he insists that we have
a right to utter such at all times, and upon all
occasions, I shall not deny the general right of
uttering sentiments and prayers m the closet, at
all times, and in all places, when the person who
may utter those sentiments is not interrupting
other important business and interfering with the
affairs of other persons; but let me tell the gentle-
man, and the country, that my view of the right
of petition is, that it is a right which is not in-
fringed by either branch of Congress by requiring
that when the prayer of a petition is presented it
shall relate to such subjects as we are at liberty to
take cognizance of. My view of the right of peti-
tion is, that it is a practicable thing. And how is it
practicable? It becomes practicable when you
come to pass, repeal, or modify a law. Congress
is a legislative body; and all its acts, as they affect
the nation, are done in its legislative or executive
capacity.^ Now, all that it can do in its legislative
or executive character has a bearing upon the citi-
zens of the United States generally, or in particu-
lar classes and districts, separate and apart from
the whole, I hold it to be practicable and constitu-
tional for the people of the United States to peti-
tion; but whenever the action of Congress, in its
legislative character, affects a particular district
only/then I hold that it is the business of that
particular district, and that district alone, to peti-
tion Congress for the act. To illustrate this posi-
tion: What are these northern petitioners doing?
They are petitioning Congress to abolish slavery
in this District. Do the laws which relate to sla-
very in this District operate upon northern men?
Not at all. Do they affect their rights? Not at
all. They may affect their moral and religious sen-
timents, if you please, but  
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question in relation to this subject?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly. .
Mr. HALE. I pvopose to ask the Senator
whether the citizens of the whole Union do not
contribute to the expense of supporting slavery in
this District? Whether we do not pay our money
for the institutions which exist here?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I suppose you do to
some extent. So far as regards the expense of
maintaining the seat of government here, it falls
upon the general treasury of the country; that I
admit; but, in view of the Constitution of the
United States, are you to be relieved from the ex-
pense of maintaining the seat of government in
the ten miles square, ceded to the nation for the
purpose of the seat of government and is the
mere fact that you are subjected to a small pecu-
niary contribution to be made the basis upon
which you are to ask for the repeal or modification
of a law which does not affect yourselves? Why,
if this slight consideration is to give to such peti-
tion the character of not interfering with business
foreign to the interests of the petitioner, you may
say that there is a sort of connection between all
the events that take place upon earth; that there is
a connection, either remote or direct, between all
the physical and moral events in the world, and
that therQ is nothing which has not its relation
and bearing upon other things. The Senator in
this way would make the right of petition as un-
limited as his right of prayer, to which he has
alluded. But I say it is restricted to this practical
operation; and, restricting it in this way, the gen-
tleman's argument does not touch the position I
have laid down. I regret to have consumed so
much of the time of the Senate in relation to the
petition which I presented in connection with the
motion for reconsideration, which I proposed yes-
terday.
Mr. DAYTON. It must be obvious to every
member of the Senate tnat this debate has wan-
dered very much in its course away from the sub-
ject presented in the original proposition. And,
sir, it will ever be so' when the exciting subject
which has been touched upon by members of this
body is considered in connection with any ques-
tion broached here. My special purpose in calling
the attention of the Senate to the instructions con-
nected with this reference was, that the Judiciary
Committee might be left free to the exercise of a
certain discretion—common in such cases—to re-
port or not upon the* question involved in the
memorial. I wish, sir, to have the memorial stand
as other memorials ordinarily stand, when referred
to committees; and 1 think that the little which
has been said by my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Underwood] touching the memorial he has pre-
sented, serves to show the propriety of the course
which I have suggested. Does my friend who
offered this memorial anticipate any immediate
action by Congress upon the memorial? Not at
all. He says that he anticipates no immediate ac-
tion; but states there is to be a convention to as-
semble in Kentucky, and peradventure the expres-
sion of an opinion by so respectable a committee
as the Judiciary Committee might have some influ-
ence upon the action of that convention. In other
words, sir, we are to be furnished with a brief oi
facts, and the Judiciary Committee is desired to
express an opinion—not with any view, or hope,
or expectation of action upon the subject involved
—but because of the influence which it might have
upon the convention when it assembles in Ken-
tucky.
This, sir, is a statement of the whole matter;
but I beg leave to ask that the Judiciary Commit-
tee may be left to the exercise of a sound discre-
tion as to whether it will or will not be made a
