THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVE:
30th Congress, 2d Session.
very beast of burden, and be forced to investigate,
look into, explore, and pronounce upon every
question which any citizen may think proper to
refer to them. Sir, there are other reasons to
support the position I have advanced. The mem-
bers of the Senate know fa!! well how that commit-
tee is constituted; they know, sir, that I stand
alone; four Senators of the South to one from the
North. Does any man, can any man, hesitate or
doubt as to what will be the action of that com-
mittee? No man can, sir. Sir, I would bo willing
to go as far as he who goes furthest upon the doc-
trine of the right of petition; I would go as far as
he who goes furthest in leference to an appropria-
tion by this Government which would relieve us
from the curse of free blacks; but I ask, is there a
probable hope that any opinion may be obtained
from the Judiciary Committee m favor of the con-
stitutional power of this Government to make such
appropriations at this time5
JVi r, WESTCOTT. Will the Senator from New
Jersey permit me to interrupt him a moment by
stating a fact in relation to this matter?
Mr. DAYTON. Certainly.
jVlr. WESTCOTT. I would simply state that
there is a petition which has been referred to the
Judiciary Committee, praying for a law authoriz-
ing the transportation of free blacks by our public
ships of war, now pending their action, and upon
which a decision must be made.
Mr. DAYTON. Yes! I suppose the Judiciary
Committee will take action upon the matter ac-
cording to their sound discretion; that is, if they
think it advisable to prepare a written report, and
express an opinion upon the constitutionality of
granting the petition, they will do so; otherwise it
may lie in the committee room for some time to
come. But in this case, when the Senate instructs
the committee m advance to adopt a certain course
of action, it must be evident that we would feel
obliged to conform our report to the instructions
of the Senate. I have another objection, sir,
to having the action and judgment of the com-
mittee foiestalled upon this question, and that
is, because I am unwilling to open up another
topic of excitement. I am unwilling, sir, to drag
into this exciting question the only institution
which now conciliates the kind feeling, the phi-
lanthropy, of both North and South. I refer to
the Colonization Society—a society that in times
past has placed itself for its success upon the
sound feelings, virtuous hearts, and individual
philanthropy of the citizen. I do not wish, for
one, sir, that that question should be brought in
here, for fear, sir, that those who were its former
friends might he enlisted against the institution as
an appurtenant to this vexed question of excite-
ment. For Heaven'^ sake, sir, let us keep aloof
from that! The Senator from Kentucky, and
many of those whom he represents, are in favor
of this institution—in fact one of the most distin-
guished citizens of Kentucky is one of its fathers.
And now the question is to be presented here, and
the Judiciaiy Committee is to be called on to ex-
press an opinion under the instructions of the
Senate, whether or not the Government can arid
will aid in the colonization of free blocks. This
question, sir, is to be dragged nito the vortex. I
have personally no sensitiveness, sir, upon the
subject; Senators know full well where and how
I stand; hut, for one, I do deprecate unnecessaiy
action, I do deprecate unnecessary excitement,
and I ask only in reference to this memorial the
course of action which is common in reference to
other petitions.
Mr. President, it is no part of my purpose to
consume the time of the Senate. By an examina-
tion of the twelfth rule, I believe I have the right
to make a motion to strike out that part of the
Senatoi's motion which gives certain instructions
to the committee to which the memorial is pro-
posed to be referred. Considering that I have that
right, I would make that motion, so that the me-
morial may be referred as all other memorials are
referred.
The motion was then put and carried.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
14
FRIDAY, JANUARY 12, 1849.
is now upon the reference of the memorial to the i
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to enter into an i
argument similar in kind to those entered into by [
gentleman on the other side of the Chamber.
When the discussion upon this very interesting j
topic propeily arises, I shall feel myself bound to :
take part in it. What I desire to say now is— ;
without intending any disrespect whatever to the ,
Senator who moved this reference, or to the con-
stituency which he represents in the State of Ken- :
tuckv—that I do not feel myself at liberty, rep-
resenting as I do one of those States where the J
institution of slavery prevails, to permit any in-
quiry—so far as my vote will give such permis- ,
sion—to be gone into upon this floor of any matter
pertaining to that institution. It is a subject, s r,
which this body cannot approach without doing i
injury and mischief to the institution. I feel my-
self called on, therefore, whenever subjects are !■
presented that svill affect it in any form, so to direct j
my vote as to ewnce, on the part of Virginia at
least, as one of its repiesentatives, a determination ,
to allow no inquiry into that subject of any kind
or description. I should feel, sir, that I was hu- '
mihating my State as well as myself to discuss any ,
matter pertaining to the subject, were it not for the
allegiance which I owe to the Constitution; and it ,
is only becausc I know that my feeble aul must be i
extended to protect that Constitution from violence ,
and destruction that I take any part in the debates
when they arise upon tins topic. I am confident 1
that debate will arise, and when it docs, I shall >
feel callcd upon to express myself clearly and in-
telligibly as to what the course of Virginia must 1
bf when the question is finally voted upon. That
course, I believe. I may say she is now about to |
vindicate by her General Assembly; and when the j
line is drawn—as drawn it will be—there will not
be one of her sons, be his political bias what it
may, that will flinch from marching up to that
line, stand who will upon the other side.
I do not feel it necessary to say more than that 1
I feel myself bound to v^te against inquiry into
this subject in any form whatever; and while I am
willing to lend aid to the councils of Kentucky
upon any question that interests her, I most re- ,
speetfnlly submit to the Senator who has moved :
this inquiry whether any man in that State who
has ever looked into the Constitution at all, and is
capable of understanding its provisions, believes :
that the Congress of the United States possesses
any authority to appropriate money for the deport- '
ation of blacks* 1 take it for granted, sir, that
there is not one theie who believes that Congress
possesses constitutionally the right to make ap-
propriations for the deportation of that class of
the population of the United States. It is not to
be expected, therefore, sir, that we would act
affirmatively in reference to such a proposition. I
shall vote to refuse the leference, sir, because I ,
consider the subject as one that forbids inquiry,
and which, under present circumstances, ought ;
not to he inquired into.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is really to be
regietted, Mi. President, that from day to day
those who assemble here for the purpose of dis- ^
charging their constitutional dunes in legislation, '
should "find themselves beleaguered by irritating (
questions forced upon them by individuals whose
piety is so great that they must always be aonro-
priating to themselves other men's sins. When
did the South ask for this vicarious repentance, '
and whence do you derive your power to instruct
her in her moral duty? Answer me these ques-
tions satisfactorily, or cease this perfidious inter-
ference with the rights of oilier men. But, sir, of
all the clap-trap that ever issued from the Hps of
the advocates of such a policy, that which relates
to the question of the right of petition is the great-
est. What did the Constitution guaranty at the
time that right was introduced, and for what pur-
pose was it introduced ? When these States were
infant colonies, who ever denied the right of the
colonists to petition? That was a right granted
them. The right to assemble was the only right ^
that was ever interfered with, and the right of pe- :
New Series Nr. 14.
tition carried with it the idea of the suppression of
a grievance. Those rights are fully maintained in
the Constitution. But \\ hat grievance is there to
any non-slaveholding State if other communities
think proper to keep slaves5. And does that cir-
cumstance interfere with their right peaceably to
assemble, guarantied to them under the Constitu-
tion ? Sir, does this poor riirht to beg, as it has been
described, carry with it the obligation to grant?
This is the whole question before Congress. ShalL
we receive, entertain, and discuss petitions upon a
subject which every one recognizes we have no
right to grant, upon which we have no power to
grant anything ? It is an idle waste and a base
abandonment of the duties of members upon this
floor thus to squander the time which should be
devoted to some useful purpose. Sir, it has been
stated, in the progress of this debate, that the
course of southern men, in objecting to these peti-
tions, has created ail this excitement. Let those
who entertain this opinion refer to the action of the
House of Representatives, and they will there find
a decision against them. In the House, where
this question has been made, where these peti-
tions have be^n received, refcired, and discussed,
abolitionism has gone on step by step, steadily
progressing; whilst in the Senate, where the wiser
and more dignified rule Iihs been adopted to lay
the question of reception on the table without
discussion, there was scarcely an allusion to the
topic, until some over-zealous, over-pious, latter-
day saints have come into the Senate and forced
the subject upon us. We are told by them, sir,
that they are for enlarging the circle of human
sympathy; and it docs appear, with many of these
advocates of the enlargement of such circle here,
that they cannot rest satisfied in any other circle
than that of affection for the negro race. It begins,
and ends, and has us middle with the negro race.
I can hear of nothing else, sir; I can hear of nothing
which is progressive m human reform, nothing
which does not concentrate itself in this question
concerning the African race. And what is the prop-
osition, sir, now before us ? "Why, it is to take
money from the treasury and bestow it upon a
certain chss of passengers to another country.
Whft relit, I ssk, hpv'e yon thus to distinguish
between one ciass of passengers and another ?
None. sir. And when the Senator from Kentucky
appealed to the North for their support, he should
have said, You were the men who imported these
negroes into this country; you enjoyed the benefits
lesultmg from their carriage and sale; and you,
having reaped the Icrgest profit accruing from the
introduction of the slave0, should of course con-
tribute to carry them back whence they came, and
not lay a new and oppressive burden upon the
already burdened South. As to any influence that
may l;e exerted uoon the State of Kentucky, I not
only agree with the Senator from Virginia, but go
further, and pay that I would be unwilling to allow
any influence to operate upon the convention of
Kentucky, believing that they are able to take
care of themselves upon this sutje^t, and it is their
ri;rht so to do.
"if the people of Kentucky wish to emancipate
their slaves—though I should regiet such a course
—I would interpose no obstacle by saying that we
would not make appropriations to tiansport their
f.'aves, an,T n^ore than I would offer an inducement
by assuming them that we would make such appro-
priation^. It would be better, sir, if these piou3
peisonages who cry out "Good God" were, in-
stead, to cry out "Good devil," when their whole
nurunse is to scatter the seeds of dissension and
disunion; and it would be much more to their
credit if, instead of mduigingin lamemat.ons about
the evils resulting; from slavery, they were to look
,i.^n the other side of the picture, and ascertain if
it"has not prevented evils. Has it made any man
a slave any more than he was a slave without this
insti'uUon, or reduced any man from liberty to
slavery? That is the question, sir; and I answer,
it has "not. Under laws older than the records of
history men were taken captives in war, and held
as slaves. These slaves were purchased from con-
tending warring bands who held their captives in
