210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■Jan. 10,
slavery, and the slaves thus purchased were saved
from a more ignominious and degrading slavery
than they wouid be subject to on this side of the
Atlantic. It benefits them, in removing them from
the bigotry and the heathen darkness which hangs
like a cloud over the country in the interior of
Africa to the enjoyment of all the blessings of
civilization and Christianity. Slavery brought
with it commerce. sir; for it occasioned the necessity
of enlarging our pi oducuons; and what is com merce
but the parent of civilization, of international ex-
changes, and all those mighty blessings that now
bind the people of the most remote quarters of
the globe together? These are some of the fruits,
sir, that are to be considered before you judge the
tree. It is our tree, sir; and it is only to answer
these libelous imputations cast upon an institution
with which I am practically acquainted, and about
which the aforesaid lihelcrs speak ignorantly and
presumptuously, that I deign to enter upon a dis-
cussion of this character.
I thank the Senator from Illinois for the fearless
wanner in which he met this question; and if all
those of equal intelligence, representing like con-
stituencies, would thus speak to the men they rep-
resent, I feel there is patuotism and good sense
enough in the country to reca'l us from this wan-
dering career, which will terminate in naught but
evil. This, sir, i§ the question which is to destroy
our republican institutions, if indeed they aie to
fall; and now is the time for those men who love
the Union better than they love place—stiU better
than they love the ncrro race—to speak plainly to
those whom they represent, and tell them tlmt
when they raised the question of the restriction of
slavery, it was an issue of their own—a mistaken
one—and that they are bound first to promote the
issue of non-interference with the rights of the
slave States, or the disunion of this glorious Con-
federacy will follow, causmg the destruction of ai!
the bright hopes of liberty based upon its continued
establishment. "With this issue in mind, let our
northern friends appeal to their constituents, and,
if they are true descendants of such sires as Han-
cock and Adams, they will lefrain from all further ;
interference with southern rights.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand, Mr. President,
that the motion hefo*-fl the Senate is upon the ref-
erence of this petition to the Committee 011 the
Judiciary.
PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the motion.
Mr. BUTLER, i might object to that refer-
ence, for many reasons, but I certainly shell not
discuss at the present time the important topic pre-
sented m this motion. I laid it down es a princi-
ple when I came into the Senate at this session
that I would not, upon 1 h« presentation of a peti-
tion relating to shv-ery allow myself to be di\nvn
into any discussion in relation to it. I shall not 1
enter into any discussion of that kind, therefore, '
at this time. Cut, s«r, i ;vn a member ot the Ju- I
diciary Committee, and if petitions of this chore.c- ;
ter are to be piesented to that committee for their
action, I shall feel bound to be discharged from
the duty—wnich m part at present devolves upon
me—of entertamirg them: !br whilst I am wilim^,
from a sincere respect to the authority of this
body, to obey all us instructions, I trust in God
that it will never make me the mstiumentof my
own degradation, and of that portion of the Union
known as the South.
Mr. DAYTON. I would inform the Senate
that that part of the resolution which relates to the
instructions to the committee has been stricken out,
and the question now comes up upon the reference
of the memorial to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr.BU fLKIl. I do not want any relet ence at all,
Mr. DAYTON. 1 suppose the reference must
be made somewhere.
Mr. BERRIEN. Ee^ore the question is taken
upon the motion to refer, I wish state my un-
derstanding of the object of this petition. It siates !
that there ore a number of free persons of color'
who are desirous of emigrating to Liberia; but i
unfortunately, or peihsps fmtunately—I use the j
words of the petition—they have not the means of :
defraying the expense of such emigration; it there- -
fore proposes that Congress shall make an annual j
appropriation of money from the national treas- j
my; and it is, I suppose, because it affords an '
opportunity of making this application, that the
petitioner suggests that it is perhaps fortunate that i
these individuals who desire to emigrate to Liberia -
have not the means of defraying the expense.
It proceeds to present, as an inducement to this
appropriation, the allegation of the fact that a con-
vention is about to be held in Kentucky, which
may probably devise a gradual system ot emanci-
pation ; and that undoubtedly, if there is any action
taken by the convention, there will be multitudes
of private individuals who, in view of this appro-
priation by Congress, would be disposed to eman-
cipate their slaves. If I am wrong in the view
which I have taken of the tenor and purport of
this petition, I will gladly submit to correction.
If I am not, the question which it presents to the
Congress of the United States is simply this: Will
you make an annual appropriation from your
treasury for the purpose of inducing the emanci-
pation of slaves throughout the United States?
Sir, it is neither more nor less than an appeal to
the Congress of the United States to appropriate a
sum of money annually out of the national treas-
ury, which shall serve as an encouragement to
owners of slaves to emancipate them, and thus
to produce a gradual but general emancipation
throughout the United States.
In this view of the subject it appears to me, that
however much we may be disposed to respect the
right of petition, and whatever opinions we may
entertain upon the abstract question of the correct-
ness of this institution—which I do not discuss—
we must ail be sensible that, lecognized as this
institution has been by the Constitution of the
United States, and looking to the purposes for
which the powers we exercise were conferred upon
us, there is none*of this power existing, either
within the letter or the spint of the Constitution,
to draw from the national treasury money to be
annually appropriated in the aid of emancipation
of slaves throughout the United States—winch is
the distinct object and purport of the petition.
With this view of the subject, impressed as it is
upon my mind, I shall unquestionably be opposed
to its reference.
Mr. JNILES. I am opposed to the allowance
of the appropriation asked for in this petition,
though I have no objections to its going to a com-
mittee for examination. J am opposed to the object
of this petition, because it would be an appropria-
tion out of the public treasury for an object not
contemplated by the Constitution. 1 know the
subject of the power of the Government to make
appropriations of money for extraneous purposes
has been much controverted; but I have always
believed that the true principle in relation to the
power of such appropriation was not limited m
itseU", but necessarily limited by other grants of
power. I do not think it would be nght'to apply
tnc funds of the nation to objects of this character.
I believe theie is no such power vested in this
Government, and that it would be improper for it
to exercise any such power. This matter belongs
to the State.-, and should belc^t with them. I shall
vote for this reference, inasmuch as I do not think
if will do any harm to have the question repotted
upon.
Mr. DICKINSON. In order to put an end to
this lengthy and unprofitable discussion, I move
that the consideration of this question be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The question being stated upon tins motion, the
yeas and nays were demanded and ordered; and,
being taken, lesulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Bell, ttorripn, "Borland, Bteo?e,
Calhoun, Dans of Mis-i'-'-ippi, Dii-kms-on, Honda*,
Downs, Fdzneiald, Fitzpatnek, Foou , Hanmxan. Hou-ton,
Hunun, Johnson of Loui-iana, Johnson oS Georgia. King,
Ma>on, Pearce, Rusk, Stmgeoii, Tuinej, W'e>tcoit, arid
Video—27.
—Messrs. Allen. Baldwin, Benton, Biad'nury
Crght, CiKike, Clayton, Coiuni, Da}ton, Dodge or Wis-
consin. Doriyp of Io<v , Fo'ch, Flai", I'amhn, .fenr=. jVJet-
cahe, Milicr, iViles, I'nelp*, Spiuance. Underwood, Cphain.
and Wdlkn—C3.
So the subject was indefinitely postponed.
BOUNTY LAND TOR SUBSTITUTES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked and obtained
the unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce
a joint resolution, which was read twice, as fol-
lows:
Jlrwh-ed hy ike, Senate and House oj Rep) cscvfa/u a of tke
Lifted States ot America m Confess a^onbLd, That the
pjo\iMons or bounty land and e.xtia pay, a-= thev hav" been
granted to < nlhted men who have rved in the wai viith
Mexico, shall in like -manner and under like limitation* tie
grant'-d to Mich a* have eriicted ns sub-mm-p, the mjMmu-
tion having been made by competent authority, and tlie
requnemeiiis of the Jaw fulfilled.
Mr. DAVIS (being called upon for an explana-
tion) briefly stated the object of this joint resolu-
tion. It had been their usual practice to passu
special act in each particular case as it arose; to
obviate which he proposed to provide a Genera!
law by which bounty land warrants would be
issued to substitutes who had been received by
competent authority. In some respects this joint
resoiution might be said to be a mere construction
of law; but it was one which, while it did justice
to the soldier, would save much trouble to Con-
gress, inasmuch as it obviated the necessity of a
special law in each case. He moved its reference
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BREESE suggested that a more appropri-
ate reference might be given to it. He could not see
how the Committee on Pensions could have any-
thing to do with it. He would, thci efore, move its
reference to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS would state, for the information of
the Senator from Illinois, that the Committee on
i Pensions had now charge of the subject of bounty
lands, and hence it sv as that he had moved that
refnence.
The joint resolution was then referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, through Mr. Campblll, their Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the bill
making appropriations for the cunent and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian Department, and for
fulfilling certain treaty stipulations with the sev-
eral Indian tribes for the year ending 30th June,
1850.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA AND SEW
MEXICO.
Mr. BREESE moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the special order, being the
bill for ascertaining claims and titles to lands within
the Territory of California and New Mexico, to
grant donation rights, and to provide for the sur-
vey of the lands theiein.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, hoped the Senate
would proceed to the consideiution of Executive
business.
Mr. BREESE said, in asking to have the special
| order taken up, it was simply that a little progress
1 might be made with it, so that it might be in a po-
; sition to come up to-morrow as unfinished busi-
| ness. He thought it too early a period of the day
I to  o into Executive session.
| The question was then taken on the motion of
j Mr. Breese, and it was not agreed to.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Senate then proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business: and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES'.
"WEDNr.sDAY, January 10, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. NEWELL rose and asked leave to ofTer
the following resolution, which was read for in-
formation :
R^oYerf, Thr.t the Committee on Account** he inducted
to inquire into tin.* expediency ot piocunnji /or th" u>e of
: th** Hotjcp 15J-0U copn t of CokouV new Map of the United
I rt!ate«, Mexico, Mum mi; the route.- of the United
j Mate.-- mail steam packet* to California, and containing a
. plan of the eo'u region, provjdmj the expen-c uous not
1 exceed eighteen and thine quarter cent-, per copy.
| Objections having been made, the resolution was
i not received.
j SLAVE TRADE IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
: The SPEAKER said, that before receiving: any
further motions, he wonki state what the regular
order of business for this day was.
A motion had been made on a former day by
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution here-
tofore introduced by the gentleman fiom New-
York, [Mr. Gott.J instructing the Committee on
the District of Columbia to report a bill abolishing
the slave trade in the said Distnct, had been adopt-
ed. _ The consideration of that motion had been
specially postponed until to-day; and if it was now
called for, it would Jia\e priority over all other
business.
If the House should consent to pass by that mo-
tion, the business next in oider would be the reso-
lution reported ftoin the Committee on Punting,
and which was pending at the adjournment of the
House yesteiday, directing the printing of one
thousand extra copies of the letter of the Secietary
