1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
211
of War and the accompanying papers, in relation
to the harbor of Buffalo, JXew York. If the oilier '
business should not be called for, the question '
would be on the adoption of that resolution. j
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the considera- i
tion of the motion to reconsider the vote on the '
said resolution; which resolution was in the fol- i
lowing words: ;
Whcica^, the traffic now prosecuted in tin- metropolis, of '
{be Republic in human beui«s« chattier, t- emioarv to j
natuiiil justice and the I iindainental prmciph > of oui puliti- ,
cal s>y-teui, and is noioiiou.-l} a leproach to our country i
throughout Cbii-lendom, and a serious luixit'iane** to tho i
progress of republican libetty among the nations of the I
earth: Theiefoie,
Resolved, That the Committee for the Di-tuoiof Coltim- !
bia be instructed to repoit a lull, a* f-oon as piueticablc, pio-
hihUuigthe sl.ive trade tn said Di-tnet.
Mr. HALL, of New York, rose and addressed
the Speaker.
Mr. l RODHEAD moved that there be a call
of the House, (before disposing of the motion to
reconsider.)
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hall] had been recognized by
the Chair.
Then (addressingMr.wentworth)theSPEAK-
ER said: Does the gentleman from Illinois call for
the consideration of the motion to ieconsi(.ler>
Mr. WKNTWOR.TH replied in the atfumative.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Brodhkad.) And the
gentleman moves that there he a call of the House?
Mr. BRODHE AD said, Yes, in view of the dis-
position of the motion to reconsider.
The question was then taken on the motion, that
there be a call of the House, and was decided m
the affirmative.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The Clerk then called the roll; and then the
names of the absentees.
And Jt appeared that 177 membeis had answered
to their names.
The SPEAKER then said, that the doors of the
Hall would be closed, and that the names of the
absentees would be called over for excuses.
Mr. CUNGMAN moved that all further pro-
ceedings on the call be dispensed with.
Mr. GIDDINGS. No; let us have them in.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House decided that further proceedings
on the call should not be dispensed with.
The doors of the I-Iall wete then closed, and the
names of the absentees were called over for ex-
cuses.
The name of Mr. Duncan, of Ohio, having been
called—
Mr. EDWARDS said that his colleague [Mr.
Duncan7] had been confined to his room for two
weeks, and was unable (o attend the sessions of
Che House. He (Mr. E.) moved that he be ex-
sused.
The motion was agreed to.
The name of Air. Haumanson having been
called—
Mr. MORSE rose and said that the family of
his, colleague [Mr. Harmanson] was sick. He
(Mr. M.) would therefoie move that he be ex-
cused .
The motion was agreed to.
The mune of Mr. Bayly having been called—
Mr. BEDlNGERsaid he knew that his colleague
[Mr. Bayly] was too sick to attend the House.
He moved, therefoie, that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The name of Mr. Haskell having been called—
Mr. GENTRY said he \v;as informed that his
colleague [Mr. Haskell] had been confined to his
room tor several days by indisposition, and he
moved therefore that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The name of Mr. Thomas Butler King having
been called—
Mr. KING answered, " Here."
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman, not
having answered when his name was called, was
not supposed to be within the Hall.
Mr. KING acquiesced, but remaiked that at the
time the call was going on, he was employed m the
committee room. Fie was mfoiined that the House
was engaged in a call, and camc into the Flail as
soon as he could.
Mr. King was excused.
The name of Mr. Maclay having been called—
Mr. NICOLL said that he had received a letter
from his colleague, slating that he was confined by
sicknc-'.s. He moved, therefore, that his coilcague
be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The name of Mr. Pendleton having been
called—
Mr. FULTON said that his colleague [Mr. Pen-
dleton] had been unwell for two days. Fie was
now, however, convalescent. He (Mr. F.) had
promised him that if any important business came
I up, he would send for him; and he had done so.
; He moved, therefore, that he be excused.
| The motion was agreed to.
The name of Mr, Smith, of Illinois, being
1 called—
[! Mr. FICKLIN said he was informed his col-
], league was detained from the House in conse-
queuce of sickness in his family. He therefore
!; moved that he be excused.
\ \ The motion was agreed to.
]j The name of Mr. Stewart, of Pennsylvania,
being called—
, | Mr. F1AMPTON, of Pennsylvania, stated that
his colleague had been confined to his room for
ji several weeks. He moved that he be excused.
(1 The motion was agreed to.
ii The SPEAKER announced that the names of
i: the absentees had now been called.
jt Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, stated that
!j his colleague, [Mr. Buchnlr,] whose name had
•! been called among the absentees, was detained
from attendance upon the House on account of ill
health. Fie moved that he be excuse<J.
The SPEAKER said the motion could not now
be made, except by geneial consent.
No objection being made—'
The question was taken, and Mr. Buckneu was
excused.
Mr. GRINNELL asked leave to move that his
colleague, Mr. Hale, be excused. He said he
had suddenly been called home by indispensable
business.
No objection being made—
The question was taken, and the motion was
rejected.
Mr. L]JVIN asked leave to move that Mr. Ad-
ams be excused, on the ground that he was en-
gaged at one of the departments.
No objection being made—
The question was put, and the motion was re-
jected.
,' The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now report
the names of gentlemen who are absent without
: excuse.
The names were read, as follows: Messrs. Ad-
! ams, Ashnuin, Bowden, Bowlin, Bridges, Burt,
' Cabeil, Chase, CLipp, Franklin Claik, Garnett
; Duncan, Edsall, Featherston, Hale, Hammons,
| Isaac E. Holmes, Irvin, Lumpkin, McLane, Hor-
■ ace Mann, Peyton, Pilsbury, Reynolds, Rhett,
' Rockluil, Schcnck, Siingcrland, Tallmadge, Thi-
| bodeaux, and Turner.
The SPEAKER. What is the" pleasuie of the
House with regard to the gentlemen who are ab-
' sent without excuse ? The Sergeant-at-arms can-
not be sent for them without the order of the
House.
Mr. NICOLL moved that all further proceedings
in the call be dispensed with. j
Mr. SAWYER rose and said he wished to make j
another motion, if it was m older, viz: that the ,
absentees be fined the usual fine, that the doors be j
opened, and the House proceed to business. !
The SPEAKER, (addiessmg Mr. Svwyer,);
The motion may be made by the gentleman from
Ohio, if the motion of the gentleman from New
J York does not prevail?
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
dispensing with all further proceedings m the call.
Mr, GREELEY inquired of the Speaker, in
case further proceedings in the call were now dis-
; pensed with, if the absentees who were not ex-
i cused would be fined?
! The SPEAKER replied they would not.
| Mr. GREELEY. Then I hope that the Flouse
j will not dispense \vith the fuithcr proceedmgs.
j Tellers were called for and oidered, and Messrs.
j Pollock and A'enable were appointed, who, hav-
J ing taken the vote, reported—ayes 90, noes 47.
| But before the vote was finally announced—
j Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, called for
I the yeas and nays.
I The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
l taken, resulted—yeas 120, nays 6^.
So further proceedings in the call were dispensed
with; and
The SPEAKER-directed the doors to be opened.
_Thc motion to reconsider being now before the
House for consideration—
Mr. GREELEY rose, and was recognized by
the Chair; but
Mr. WENTWORTH claimed the floor.
The SPEAKER. On what does the gentleman
from Illinois base his claim?
Mr. WENTWORTH was understood to claim
the fioor on the ground, that he had this morning
called up the morion to reconsider, and had not yet
yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER sustained the gentleman's claim,
and awarded him the floor.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to ask if it be
in order now to move to Ia^y on the table the mo-
tian to reconsider3
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. WENT WORTFI. It is in order?
There aic some gentlemen (said Mr. W.) on
this floor who wish to debate this question; there
arc some oihers who wish to have a direct vote
upon it; and there are others still, no doubt, who
would like to get rid of voting. They can easily
get ud of voting, by allowing the motion to be dis-
cussed during the day, and when the House ad-
journs it would go over with unfinished business.
If 1 understand the rules of the House aright, if
the House adjourns when this question is pending,
it js not first in order to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
always in order in preference to other business,
unless it be postponed by the vote of a majority of
the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. And would continue
in order from day to day?
The SPEAKER. And would continue in order
from day to day.
Mr. WENT WORTFI. Well, if that is the
case, I think it an additional reason for bringing
tins question to a test vote. We have a full
Flouse now, peihaps as full as wc ever shall
have, and if we go into a full debate, it will last
for several days. I therefore move 
Mr. STUART, of Michigan, interposed, and
appealed to Mr. W. to yield him the floor.
' Mr. WENTWORTH, (continuing) 1 there-
foie move that the motion to icconsider be laid on
the table; and I ask the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. STUART again appealed to Mr. W. to
allow him the floor, to enable him to give notice
of an amendment which he desired to offer, if the
resolution were reconsidered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask if there can be
an amendment to the motion as it now stands?
The SPEAKER replied that there could not be.
Mr. WENTWORTH insisted, then, upon his
motion.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker if
the motion to lay on the table had not been put,
as the last action of the House, when the subject
was previously before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no recollec-
tion that such is the fact. The Clerk will refer to
the Journal of the previous day when this resolu-
tion v.vs under consideration.
Mr. KAUFMAN stated that such a motion had
be"n iridic and actcd upon.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Such were the facts of
the cliko. I mc.de the motion myself, and it, failed.
That v. as the reason why I asked the Speaker if
the motion to lay on flie table would now be in
Older.
The SPEAKER stated, that since the motion to
lay on the table was acted on, the motion to recon-
sider had been postponed by a direct vote of the
lJous<\ Another motion, then, had intervened,
on which action had been had by the House. The
Chair could not dogbt, therefore, that the motion
to hy on the table hds now in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I make that motion.
Mi. STUART, of Michigan. I wish to make
an appeal to the gentleman from Illinois to allow
me to have read an amendment which I wish to
! move, if the resolution lie reconsideied.
Mr. WENTWOR1H was understood to in-
quire of the Speaker if he could yield to Mr. Stu-
art for the purpose indicated without losing his
right to the floor?
1 The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois,
1 if he withdraws his motion and takes the fioor for
