1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
\y
213
duction of slaves, even when accompanying their
masters with a view to a bona fide residence m the
Siate. And such was the law of Maryland now.
If a slave was brought into Maryland from Vir-
ginia, either to be sold in that State contrary to the
rcstt ictions imposed upon such importations, or to
be sold without the Slate upon any terms, he was
ij)So facto fiee.
By virtueof this law the vagraisi negro was picked
out of your jails or out of your slave markets, (as
they were variously termed,) by some friendly per-
son, by some prochein amy, who piesented to the
court his petition; for which he had no cost to
pay—the man who held the negro was responsible
for all the cost. It was a simple process: a negro
v/a.s brought from another State into Mai viand, to
be sold out of that State, or to be held there, con-
trary to the provisions of the law; a writ of habeas
corpus was issued; the case had a prompt hearing
in or out of chambers, and the negro gained his
immediate release—not a restoration to his old
master, but bis freedom, Ins emancipation.
Mr. COLLAMER interrupted, with some ques-
tion, which was not heard by the reporter, but
winch was presumed to be relative to tue laws of
Maryland on this subject.
Mr. McLA?"~E replied that the original law was
the law of the l&stcentmy; there had, howevei,
been modifications of that law, down to within a
very recent peiiod. But the law was ay he had
now stated. Mr. McL. referred especially to the
"law of 1831-
He had himself defended, or brought, within
the last year, since he had been a member of
this House, into court the petition of a negro wo-
man, who was illegally sold from the State of Vir-
ginia into Maryland, who got her freedom, her
emancipation, not her restoiation to her Virginia
master. Therefore the House, without being de-
tained to examine the various modifications of the
law of Maryland, might be assured of the fact
that this was now the lav/. These modifications,
which had been introduced into the law of Mary-
] md, he would tell the gentleman from Vermont, :
[Mr. Collamer,] had been the result of the labors ;
of the honorable gentlemen before him. Theaboli- |
tion agitation had drawn the State of Maryland, not j
from her original policy, not into any indifference |
upon this negro question, but it had obliged her ;
in her own defence to make more stringent regu-
Jations, and there was not now quite the same fut-
ility for movements on the part of individuals who |
were looking to ultimate emancipation. Whatever ,
might have appeared within the last few years in ,
the way of interfering statutes, let the House and |
the country be assured had been the result of a
pressing necessity brought upon that State by
these abolition eiiorts. Let not gentlemen under-
stand him now as reflecting upon any constitu-
tional, legal, dignified attempt to redeem the black
race; but the House would understand him as re-
ferring to the wanton and factious agitation of this ;
question, which went outside of all acknowledged ;
law in the free as well as in the slave States. The [
House would understand him as referring to such
agitation as would bring into this House a propo- ,
sition to poll the negro votes, both free and bond, i
in the slave States, when they were not polled in i
the free States. i
Mr. LAHM interposed, and wished to address j
an inquiry to the gentleman.
Mr. McLANE hoped his friend would not put
any inquiries foreign to the subject. I
Mr. LAHM wished to ask the gentleman from !
Maryland, whether the lav/ of Maryland, which
provided that when negroes were brought into that ,
fetate for the purpose of selling them into^other
States, was in force in this District? and if it was
tiot, whether there was not as much propriety for
the law here as there was there r
Mr. McLANE said he would be very much
obliged if the gentleman would not interrupt the
tenor of his remarks.
The House (he continued) would understand
that he was referring to, and had not gone beyond
the law of Maryland, and he had said all he meant
to say m regard to it. He had stated the fact that
the law was so and so in the State of Maryland; he
had stated the fact that that law had been some-
what modified, and he had ventured to present to
the House his judgment as to the cause which had
led to the modifications, to all the' modifications of
the old Maryland code, than which a more liberal,
a more humane, a more enlightened code was not
: to be found upon the statute book of any State in the :
Union, with regaid to the black race, free or bond. ;
i Now, what a man in Maryland would do in his
; own State, what a citizen of Maryland would do, ,
looking at this whole question in its social and j
1 political aspects, he (Mr. McL.) would be most ,
; happy to Sx°.e the competent authority do in the
; District of Columbia, or in any other State of this :
; Union. His State having befoie this century, hav-
ing cotemporaneously with the adoption of the '
Federal Constitution, prohibited the foreign slave
trade, and adheiing still to that prohibition, did ,
any honorable gentleman suppose that a member 1
of Congress fiom that State could fad to sympa- '
■ thize with uuy judicious, with any legal mode of
i accomplishing the same result heic? As far as any
1 gentleman applied such a supposition to him, he 1
1 entirely mistook his conscience and his judgment.
I He was ready now, and he would be always ready,
j to prohibit every whei e in this Union any other sla\e
; trade than that which was involved in the recog- I
- nition of slaves witbni a State as propcity; but .
1 such prohibition must necessarily emanate from j
; the local sovereignties competent to legislate on the I
subject. Entertaining these views, why was it that
he had not only voted " no" upon this lesolution; ,
why was it tnat he felt most unaiiectcd lesentmcnt, ■
(he might add if it were not out of older,) most
unalieited indignation, when accomplished men,
1 eloquent men, men familiar, far moie so than he ■
i claimed to be, with the Constitution under which
they here legislated, came into this House and
| prefaced their resolutions with insulting and often-
j sive assertions, that tho existence of a certain spe-
i cies of pioperty was inconsistent v*^Ki humanity
and decency, and when it was declared by other ,
: gentlemen to be 14 revolting?" ' Why, lie natuxally ,
! turned to look at the man who "revoked," to find
1 what theie was of cultivation and refinement, ;
I what there was in his practical life, socud or po-
! htical, to authorize any such assumption. He ,
would make his own leflections and form his
own judgment upon that observation. lie con-
fessed that the hrst feelings of resentment were i
: not much heightened—perhaps they weic allayed.
; Yes, they were allayed when he found this de-
nunciation emanating fiom a Representative on
i this floor m whose personal or political rela-
' tions there was no just giound of piciension
! to uncommon refinement—when lie found it ema- 1
nating from one who was as accustomed to trade
in politics as any slave-dealer ever was in slaves—
; his indignation was allayed rather than incieased, ■
| and he went home to his people and toid them, as
, he did last summer, as he did throughout the Pies-
| idential canvass, that these was not, alter all, so >
much in this slave agitation as there seemed to be. ,
, He had told his people, that looking at the origin
1 of the movement hero in Washington—looking at
the objects of tho.se who agitated this question—
j he found it ail in hands which were not entitled
' certainly to command p'una facte the icspect of1
: this countiy. "When honoiable members, who |
j had devoted the best years of their lives to the sup-
! port of a political faith upon which they had, year
: after year, represented the fate of the countiy to
depend—when such men were found bartering
away all their former political doctrines and asso- |
ciations, to become "Free-soil0 candidates for |
Congress, or " Free-soil" candidates lor Governor ■
—theie was ccrtfunly not much m their move- ,
mcnts prima facie, entitled to lespect; and m tne
results, certainly the advocates and suppoiteisof .
this movement would not claim much respect for
themselves. As compaied to the public sentiment
of this sreat nation, they were not more respeeta-
' ble thai"Twas the vote of the State of New York in 1
favor of negro sulirage, compared with the aggre-
gate vote of that State, if we went back to the
1 adoption of the new constitution in the State of
New York, and looked at the polls, we found that
: the few who there were in favor of elevating the
■ neijro to political and social equality with the white
, were as little entitled to respeet for numbers, for
intelligence, and for political morality, as was the
' Free-soil vote in the Federal or national contests.
So he was not obliged at home to matte any sacri-
i fices in view of tins question; he had^ been abie
i to say there what he said heie, and what he was
i glad this occasion gave him the opportunity hur- <
i riedly to say—he was giad to say every whei e in ;
^ his State, intimately wrapped up as that State was
i in slavery, both socially and politically, that all he j
' asked was to be left alone; so far as the institution
of slavery was concerned, he only asked a rigid
adherence to the doctrine of non-interference—no
aggression by Congress on the people of the slave
States, and their wght of property. On the other
hand, the people of that State would not desire
to enlarge their constitutional rights by any ag-
gressive action of Congiess. Mi. McL. said he
thought that the people of Maryland, and of the
slave Sratesi grneially, ought to be content to stand
by their arm's unt.l their brethren who had the
same political institution were assailed; and when-
ever this institution was assailed in any part of
this Confederacy, of course they made common
cause. It wa,-<. not necessary that, as Maryland
men, they should desire to take their negroes to
California in oidei to find apology for lesisting
aggression; for any legi&huion by Congress pro-
hibiting the existence of slavery in the Territories
would involve the light and power of positive inter-
ference in the District oi Columbia, arid perhaps
wherever else the discretion of Congress might
prompt. Th;-y only wanted the principle of non-
interference strictly observed; they only want-
ed Congress to confine itself within its express
powers, and the moment they went beyond their
express powers, Congress assailed the institution,
and (he. cared not where it was assailed) it was
fatal to the Confederacy, Nov., that principle was
assailed when gentlemen contended that the power
of Congress was omnipotent within this District.
Did gentlemen suppose that when Maiyland ceded
her portion of the ten miles square, she ceded her
people? Would it be said, that with the recollec-
tions of I77G, upon them, they had ceded away
their people? They had done no such thing, and
they did not now understand that the people who
inhabited the ceded territory had ever been dis-
turbed in the rights which they held at the time
of tiie cession. The Constitution gave to Con-
gress exclusive, but not omnipotent power over
the District of Columbia. Neither Virginia, nor
Pennsylvania, nor any other Siale, conid come in
here and legislate. Congress alone could legislate
here, but not without limitations. Those limita-
tions he had not heard stated precisely as he should
state them, but he knew it was believed by sound
jurists, in all parts of the country, that these limit-
ations existed: hist, the Federal Constitution, as
far as it granted power, and, secondly, behind
the Federal Constitution the power that made the
Federal Constitution; just as the State constitu-
tions first limited the State legislatures, and beyond
the State constitution the powt-r of the people of
the State. He hoped that Congress, when they le-
gislated for the District of Columbia would confine
itself, first of ail, to the stiiet limitations of the
Federal Constitution; and if it wanted its power
enlarged, it might go to the people of the States,
and get an amendment of the Constitution to en-
able Congress to domoie within this District than
the Federal Constitution now permitted it to do.
He was not gomg to rest this question here,
upon the abstract right or the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia to settle this question. They
must confine themselves in this Hall to the'r own
powers: if they found those'powers expressly
limited, or limited by hones', by fair implication,
let them observe those limitations. And if gen-
tlemen from tiie North wished to hasten this ques-
tion—if they wibhtd t-  hurry the abolition of
slavery upon the people of Maryland, before the
people of Maryland, acting with the people of the
Distiief, vohmtmily consented to such abolition,
then, m God's name, if they wished to preserve
the LTmon, let them go to tiie proper power, and
get the authority to uo it.
Nov/, in this view, when he came to the question
of tho slave trade m this District, he certainly
would not vote for a direct act of Congress to pro-
hibit the slave trade in the District of Columbia,
becau&e that was tantamount to abolishing slavery.
Mark the distinction: as slaves were prohibited to
be brought fiom other States into Maryland when
Maryland made the cession of her portion of the
District, and as that was the law of the District at
tiie time of the cession, he was willing to recognize
m Congress the police power to pieserve tms muni-
cipal icgulaLon. if the foreign slave trade, tho
soiling ss.ives brought from ouur States iVorn th.s
District into other States, were piohibm-.l i y tms
law of Maryland, (as it was at the tune of the ces-
sion,) w hat else had Congress to do but to maintain
the existing law?
Now, this whole question could go the C mmit-
