216
/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
in these disgraceful scenes, he felt it to be his duty
to aslf the Speaker to inform him how he could
get clear of t£e subject—whether by a motion to
fay on the table, or to postpone indefinitely, or by
what other wayr
[Several yoices: Call the previous question.]
Well,Mr. S.,) I shall do so. And
I am not afraid to vote upon it. I "move the pre-
vious question, and I will not withdraw it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want the ear of my col-
league for a moment,
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to inquire of my
colleague 
Mr. SAWYER. I want to go to some other
business.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and theie was a second; and !
the main question was ordered to be now taken, |
(which main question was on reconsidering the
vote by which the resolution had been adopted,)
The yeas and nays (which had been ordered)
were taken. .
Before the rote was announced—
Mr. GOGGIN (addressing the Speaker) said that 1
he did not rise to vote, not having been in his seat
when his name was called. lie was called out of j
the House, and could not therefore vote. Had he I
been in his seat, he would have voted in the affirm- j
afive. I
The vote was then announced—yeas 119, nays '
83—as follows: }
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barrmger, Barrow, Bpr.le, }
i3edmger} Birdsail, Bocook, Botts, Bo>d, Boyden, Brady. ,
Bridges, Drodiiead, William G. Brown, Cfrrtrie^ Brown) i
Albert G, Blown, Run, Bntlrr, CabolL Oanby, Chapman,
CIupp, Franklin OJark, Beverly L. Clark*;) Cinigmau, 1
Howell Cobh, Williamson ii. \V. Cobb, Cocke, Crisiield,
Orozier, Daniel, DomieJi, Dunn, Eck. rf, Alexander Evans, 1
Featherston, Flournov, French, Fulton, Gaines, Ga>b>, I
Gentry, Grc.en,GnnneU, WiJJard P. H.tll, Hammond, Haial- ,
son, Ilairjs, Haskell, Hill, lliiliard, George S. liouj-ton,
Joint IV. Houston, logo, Charles J Lt^or^oll, hvin, hen on, '
Jameson, Andrew John&on, Geoisc YV. Jones, John W. j
Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Thotna* Bullet King, La S&jtv, '
Levin, Ligon, Lincoln, Lord, Lumpkin, McClcruaiio, Mc- !
Dowel),McKay* McLane, Job .Mann, Me.idr, Miller, More- j
head, Morse, Mmphv, Ne«, NiooSl, Outlaw, pvuUlPton, '
Peyton, Phelps,, Pll^buiy, Pollock, Pio&ton, Khetr, Rich- ,
ardson, Ricliey, Roman, Sawyei, Shepperd, Smart, Caleb I
B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Click's 33. 1
Stuart, Tallmadge, T<v>iov, Thomas, 3<\mes Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Richard VV. Thompson, John K. Thonip*
son Robert A. Thoinp-on, Tompkms, Toombs, V<ui Dvke
Venable, Vinton, Wallace, Wick, Wiley, VVjJJiains, and
Wnodward—-J19.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Belcher, Binsham, Chckmar,
Bianehard, Cathcart, Coll,nner, Collins, Conger, Omnstou
Croweil, CumtniiH, Darling, Uiek« v, Dickinson, X)ivon'
The SPEAKER. The resolution is now before j
the House.
The resolution and amendment were accordingly
read by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
on the motion of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Botts,] to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. "WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 94, nays 110—as follows:
YEAS—Mcs&is. Atkinson, Barunger, Bauovv, Beale,
Bedmgcr, iiirdsuU, Bocock, Botts, Boyd, Boyden, Bridges,
ftrodliead, William <*. Brown, Chailes Biown, Albert G.
Brown, Burt, Cabeil. Chapman. Franklin Claik, Beverly L.
Mr. JVIEADE now offered the following as an
jj amendment to the amendment of Mr. Smith:
j; And that the said committee is hereby instructed to re
■ j pou a bill mote elieetmdly io enable owners to recover tlieir
t j slaves escaping from one State into another.
j The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen*
"I tleman is out of order. It does not relate to the
11 Distiict of Columbia.
ij Mr. SMITH rose to a point of order,
j! Mr. MEADE inquired what the decision of the
.! Chair upon his amendment was?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided the
I amendment to be out of order.
Mr. SMITH said he would again modifv his
urown, iiiiri, uaneii. unaimian. rraminn uihik, i-seveny u. „ j 3
Ohuke, Chnuman, Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, ! amendment, and demand the previous question
Cocke, Crisfieid, Cro?.ier, Daniel, Donnell, Alexander upon it.
i2va«s, Feartw.*lo , Flnurnoy, Prcnch, Fulton, Games,'1, The SPEAKER said that the gentleman might
Oayie, Gentry, Gnggm. Green, Willard P.Hall, Haiafcon, ,; mftf]irv his amendment- but that thn vp.-v L 
H.iriis, lias-kell, Hill, Hiilnml, Geoige S. Houston, John W. > moanY n * amenumem, dul .imi uie y last
Houston, lime, Cliaries J. Inger&oll, Iveison, Jameson, An- \ questioti taken was upon the demand for the pie-
drew Johnson, Georec W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kaufman, ;i vious question, and that motion, therefore, was nut
, Kennon, Thomas Butler King," La S6re, Levin, Li^on.
, Lumjikuu McClernand, WcUovveil, McKay, McLane,
: Meade, Miller. JNIotehrad, Morse, Murphy, Outlaw, Pendle-
! ton, Peyton. Phei|)«, PiJshury, Preston, Vlhpit, Rirhard^oo,
Roman, Sawyer, Shepperd, Simp-on, Stanton, t^'epiiens,
j Thomas, Jacob Tltomp-on, John B. Thompson, Kobcrt A. :
: Thompson,Tompkins, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, Wiley, !
; Willi,uns, and Woodward—94. |
j NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Belcher, Bingham. Blackmar, 1
| BlanUiard, Btady, Butlei, Canby, Cadicart, Clapp, Colla- i
1 mer, CoihiiS,Conner, Cranston, Croweil, Cummins, Darling, '
j Diekey, D'ckmson, Dixon, SJuer, Dunn, Eckert, Edward, '
limbree, Natnan Evans, Faran, Farrelly, Ficklin, Fisher, '
j Preedley, Fiies, Giddings, Gott, Greeley, Gregoiy, Giirmell, I
j Nathan K. H-all, Hanimons, James G. Hampton, jMo^es !
I Hampton, Henlej, lUrnry, Ehas B. Holmes, Hubhard, Hud- j
i feotu Hum, Irvin, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Kel/ogg, Dan-
I iel F. ICinflr, Lahm, Wdiiain T Lawrence, Sidney Law- ;
( rence, Leffler,%incoin, Loid, Lynde, AfcClelfand, iVfcXI- :
j vamc, J,,l> Mann, floiaec Mann, Marsh, Maivin,Moms, i
Mnhin, IVclson, Kes, iVeweii, Nicoil, Palfrey, Peaslee, Peck, i
Petrie. Pettit, Pollock, Putnam, Richer,*Ro«/khill, Juliua ,
■ JZoekweif, Jo/in A. (toefcweff, Kose, Root, Rumsev, St. |
| jolm,tfeheiK'k, Sbernll, Silvester, timait, Caleb B. ^mith, '
Kobort Sfuicn, riVunan dmith, Starkweather, Chai/es E.
i Stuart, ytiohui. Tailmadee, Tayloi, Kichaid W.Thompson, 1
! Wiiizatn Thomp^n, Tnurston, Tuck, Turner, Van l)yke, ;
| Vioton, Wanen, Wentworth, White, Wilmot, and Wilson i
: ~U(}- T I
So the House refused to lay the resolution and :
i amendment upon the table.
: The SPEAKER. The previous question has j
j been demanded on the motion of the gentleman :
| from Indiana [Mr. Smith.]
: Mr. GIDD1NGS. Before the vote is taken, ]
in order.
Mr. SMITH. Not upon that modification?
Mr. VINTON rose to inqune of the Speaker
if it would be in order to move to strike out the
preamble from the original resolution?
The SPEAKER said he did not know any prin-
ciple upon which that motion would take prece-
! dence of the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
j [Mr. Smith*,] if the motion to strike out and insert
| should fail, a motion to strike out any part would
) still be in order.
| Mr. COBB, of Georgia moved that the House
t adjourn.
j The question was taken,and the vote stood—
; -eyes 105, noes 61.
! The House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and leferied:
By Mr. BLANCHARD: The petition ofsundiy inhabit-
anUsot Huntingdon county, Pennsylvania, for the immediate
1 modification of the tariff'of I8-J6, so as to give more protec-
i tiori to domestic industry and manufactures
^ By Mr. PETTIT: The petition of Enoch Thorniev, of
: Indiana, pi an rig that the gold of California tnav he used by
1 the United States in the removal of the negroes from tlm
I United States to Aliica.
! By Mr. fcMART: Remonstrance of Joseph Jone« and *219
I others against fmming a new collection district with princi-
' pal port at East Thoma^ton, Maine.
ment of the franking privilege.
bard, Hudson, Hum, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Kello--
Da.iiel P. Ivinif, I-j.Uim, \1illiam 'iv. Ci.iwiciii't', "'idncy
Lawrence, I.eh'Ior, Lynde, McClelland, ?ricil; an.e, Ilo^e
Mann, Maish, Marvin, Moiris, Wulliti, Nel.-o.i. Ivtwcll
Palfrey, Pra^lco, I'  • - • - '
riirner, Waricn, U'ontssoith, "White, Wdmut, and \VU
son—tfl.
j would appeal to the gentleman who called the pre- ' By Mr. N1COLL: The petition of Griffin & Puttman,
vious que&tion,inasmuch as ( have been personal- ;i 9f'orSe Bickey,aTid S7others,citizens ot New York, a>kiug
Iy assailed, to withdraw the motion. I make the '! postage, and for the abolish-
appeal to him as a man of honor  j
Mr. PETTIT moved that the House adjourn. '
The question was taken and decided in the neg- !
I ative: Ayes G5, noes 101. I
j So the House refused to adjourn. j
j And the question recurring on the demand for the
, previous question— j
Mr. DUER mqufred of the Speaker whether, if 1
So the vote was reconsidered. [■
And the resolution being thus a^ain before the il
House— "" jj
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, obtained the floor,
and offered the following amendment, of which he
had given notice some days since; and on that I:
question he demanded the previous question: '\
ResoleeJ, That the Committee on the District of Oolum-
"e instructed to inquire what (ecrisfation i« nec.'^arv to ;
prevent the introduction of (Javr-# twin any of the Mates oI
fr'fWet, for Mile Here or el evvlieie, and
that they rcpoit by bili or otiierivise.
Mr. STtJARl, of Michigan, rose and wished
to ask a question. .j
Mr. ROOT rose simultaneously, and inquired
of the Speaker if the question could be so divi- !i
ded as, first, to vote upon striking out the pream- !'
ble, and, next, upon striking out the resolution? |!
Bel ore any reply was made by the Speaker— :
Mr. BOTTS rose and moved to lav the whole ■
subject on the table.
Mr. DUER called (if it was in order) for the I
reading of the original resolution, and of the 1
amendment.
TH ' QDT?AIXr^ and a('Jressed the Chair. !i
SPEAKER interrupted, and requested the I
gentleman irom South Carolina to give way until '
iS"1, '* ii
the previous qitest/on was sustained, the question
would not be on the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Smith,] and then on the reso-
lutiort, and whether there would be any opportu-
nity to offer other amendments?
The SFEAKEil said, if the previous question
was sustained, there irouid be no opportunity for
other amendments.
Mr. SMITH inquired of the Speaker whether
he had a right to modify his amendment? li
The SPEAKER said the gentleman had a right |!
to withdiaw the previous question for his own
purposes
m SENATE.
Thursday, January 11, 3849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of State, made
in compliance with the act to rebate and fix the
compensation of clerks m the different offices, ap-
proved 20th April, l8i8, and to the eleventh section
of an act legalizing and making appropriations for
such necessary objects as have usually been in-
cluded in the geneial appropriation bilis without
authority ot law, and to fix and provide for certain
incidental expenses of the departments and offices,
showing the names of persons employed in that
department, including the Patent Office, with the
salaiics; which was read.
MEMORIALS AKD PETITIONS.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial from the
| Geneva! Assembly of Arkansas, in favor of an ex-
Air. SMITH then modified his amendment to !i ¥^sc-^o°l lands, and a further grant of lands
j tor public schools; which was referred to the Com-
n mittee on Public Lands.
|i o presented a memorial from the
it Vjreneral Assembly of Arkansas, asking unpionri-
. ations for the repair of certain forts and barracks
j: on the western tiontier of Arkansas; which was
11 referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
/ Mr, BRAOBUKF presented a petition from
citizens of Brunswick, Maine, praying for a re-
duction in the rates of postage and the abolition of
read as follows:
That the Committee on the Distiict of Columbia be in-
Ftructed to report, as soon as piai ncahle, a I.ill so amending
the present law in this District, as effectually to prevent the
btingiri'/ ot'flaves into iha D^cnct eitDer tor safe here or to
be sold and cairied to any place beyond the Djstncr. '
Mr. MEADE inquired of the Chair, whether
the gentleman had a right to move this as an
amendment to the amendment?
The SPEAKER said the gentleman had a right
to modify Jus own amendment.
Mr STUART nf ~lWi/-h;<M > , ,i ; ^.le 'ra.n'<"l3 privilege; which was referred to the
^1)'sK ti: m"1 dTyto~v fost °frand IJost J^S,V
htm to Oiler an amendment. He had no wish he ■ Green a-kmo- fn ^ a Pe£'/^" of William
said, to take up any of the time of the House sheet ,'rrm J S ? P<! ,'6 !mPr,ove"lelH of
m- ,f , .. 11UUM" : sfieet-irou so as to maicc it similar to the Russian
sheet-iron; which was referred to the Committee
Mr. SMTH adhered to hiii motion,
i he question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs
Venable and Wii.son,) on the demand for the nn-'.
demand for the pre-
vious question, and was decided in the neeative-
ayes 71, noes 80.
So there was not a second.
on Patents.
Mr. BREESE presented a petition from Mary
rial!, asking a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Rhoda Abney, asking a
