1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. NILES presented a petition from William
Lacon and L. H. Bates, asking indemnification for
a quantity of iron illegally seized by the United
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce. 1
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a pe- j
tition from D. A. Watterson, for payment for ser- !
vices due him as clerk to the Surveyor General of '
Louisiana; which was referred to the Committee \
on Claims.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BORLAND gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce a bill to make Little Rock, Arkansas, a
port of entry.
BILL INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, pursuant to
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to authorize the payment of invalid pensions jn
certain cases; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was leferred the bill from the
House of Representatives in addition to an act m
relation to military land warrants, approved Au-
gust 14, 1848, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. BREESE. Mr. President, I would say,
in explanation of the bill, that there are some pub-
lic lands m the States of Ohio and Indiana, the
minimum price of which langes from one dollar
and twenty-five cents to two dollars and fifty cents
per acre. At the last session of Congress an act
was passed authorizing officers, musicians, and
onvates who had entered their land warrants, to
locate them on these lands; but inasmuch as the
act did not cover the cases of certain assignees
and others, who had not at that time entered their
•warrants, the House of Representatives has sent
us this bill.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, I have
heard a great deal about the applications of these
individuals, and I consider it a vcty important
matter. For one, I am opposed to it, and t trust
the bill will not be passed hastily, but that the
Senate will consider u well befoie it be pressed to
a vote. 1 do not think that these assignees, many
of whom have been speculating in soldiers' land
warrants, deserve any special legislation from
Congress. If my views of the subject are correct,
I hope that the bill will not be discussed till theie
be a full Senate, when it can be fairly and fully
debated.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; but
objection being made by Mr. Westcott to its
third reading at this time, it lies over till to-mor-
10w.
OTHER REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill for the
relief of John Milhkin and others, to secure cer-
tain rights to preemption in the State of Louisiana,
and for other purposes, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Louisaina, fiom the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of Patrick Walker, reported the same
without amendment.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was subsequently read a third ;;
time, and passed. !!
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit- '!
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the jj
memorial of officers of the ordnance corps, pray-
ing that the sixth section of the act of 23d Aug- i
ust, 1842, may be so amended as to apply to |i
arsenals and armories in like manner as to other ij
military posts, reported a bill amendatory of an j;
act entitled <c An act lespecting the organization jj
of the army, and for other purposes," approved ||
August 23, 1842; which was read, and ordered to !j
a second reading. j|
EXPLOSIONS ON STEAMBOATS. !j
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr, President, ji
I see by the Journal that the Commissioner of Pat- j|
ents has made a report in regard to steam naviga- ij
tion, and the causes of explosions on steamboats. |i
That subject has been for a long time under the j|
consideration of the Committee on Commerce, and \{
they have been waiting for the appearance of this
report, in order to present a bill or to make a re-
port upon the various petitions relating to this
matter which are now before them. I understand
that the report of the Commissioner of Patents
has been referred to the Committee on Patents. I
would move, therefore, that the reference be re-
considered, and that so much of the report of the
Commissioner of Patents as relates to steam navi-
gation, explosions on steamboats, and remedies
proposed for the same, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
This motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A bill from the House of Representatives making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfill-
ing certain treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tubes, for the year ending June 30, 1850,
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered and agieed to:
Replied, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads he instructed to inqmie into the expediency ol estab-
lishing u )>o-t rotm: tiom Albia, tiie seatul mstiee ol Mon-
roe county, via Chauton Point, m Lucas county, to Tradt i'^
Point, on the Missouu rivei ; also, trom Garnevillo, in Clay,
ton, to Monona.
INDEX TO LAAVS AND TREATIES.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Bentox, was next taken up for considera-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of thp Senate be, and he
hereby is, authoiued and directed to contract with a suit-
able pet>on lor compiling a synoptical index to me laws
and ucattes oi the United State-, m continuation of the like
index compiled by older ol tile House ot Representatives,
ot J 5th May, ltt-45.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I will merely
say, that I only propose to continue a work which
was brought down from 1789 to 1828, and which
is a synoptical index to all the laws passed by 1
Congress up to that time, and also a double index, j
by date and by refeience to the volume and page, !
so that, by looking under any head whatsoever, '
you can find the time when any particular law was
passed, together with a reference to ihe volume
and page containing the law. Gentlemen, on look-
ing over the index, can take the word Florida, for
instance, under which they will find these refer-
ences:
Lav. s XJ. S.
Vol. Page,
1819. Maich 3. Authouty given to take posses-
ion of lia-t and Wot Honda,
upon ratification ot treaty ot'
Ft-bruaiy 2i, 1819, and to es-
tablish a temporary govern-
ment themn  6 425
1821. March 3. Furtliei authoniy lor same pur-
pose  6 579
1821. Jan. 15. Do. do. do. 6 592
182t. Feb. 12. That part of* West Florida 1> mg
west of the Peidido to be taken
pos.-eSHon ol  6 593
1822. Feb. 23. Measures to he taken to pre-
s-eive the timber on the public
lands in Florida  7 12
1822. March 30. A territonal jrovemmeut estab-
lished la Florida   7 16
1822. March 30. Certain rights and privileges se-
emed to the ptopie ot Flonda 7 21
1822. March 30. A Delegate to be elected to
Coital Ct>-.  7 21
1832. May 7. An act made b\ Gen. Jaik-on
a«> Oouunor, and an act o! the
City Council ol St. Augu©tme,
it-pealed b> Connie** ...   7 69
These extracts are sufficient to show the manner
in which the book is arranged. I refer to this
merely to show that, m one or two lines, you get
at once a view under your eye of every law passed
by Congress down to 1828, all arianged under
appropriate heads, giving the purport of the law.
The object is to continue that woik down to the
present time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, the
Committee on the Libiaiy have now m charge the
very question to which this icsolution refers. They
have been considering the manner in which the
index should be piepared, the terms ot the con-
tract,and the person with whom the contiactshould
be made. If this resolution be adopted, the Secre-
tary will have to make further examinations, and
a separate contract will have to be entered into.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, 1 understand
that the committee have been examining docu-
ments only. This resolution refers to the laws
and treaties alone. This is a separate work by
i itself, referring to the statutes of Congress and trea-
j ties. I merely wish a continuation of this work,
| unincumbered by any other matter whatever. An
j index to the documents may be very proper by
| itself, but it should not be mixed with this. I
j should object to having the index for the laws af-
| fixed to the index for the documents. They are
j separate and distinct subjects in their nature. The
j documentary papers are much more numerous than
j those of the laws, and it is neccxsaiy for conve-
j nience sake that they should be kept separate. I
' wholly object to mixing the two subjects. I am
perfectly willing to have an index to the documents
by themselves, and an index to the laws by them-
selves, so that we may use one or the other with-
out the inconvenience of having them mixed up.
The resolution proposes the continuation of a
work which has been brought down from 1789 to
1828, and which is, in my opinion, perfect up to
that time. I believe that no alteration could be
made in the plan for reporting a synoptical index
which would be an improvement upon the one
which has been pursued in the arrangement and
publication of this work. Besides, we want a
continuation of this work, so that we may have all
the laws which have been passed since us publica-
tion added to it, and in that way have a view of
every law upon every subject, arranged under
proper heads, which has been passed from the
foundation of the Government down to the present
time.
Mr. MASON called for the reading of the reso-
lution.
The resolution was read accordingly.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, 1 made an in-
quiry of the honorable gentleman from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Daivs] which probably led him to make
the observation that he made a moment since. I
was not wholly satisfied whether or not this mat-
ter should be referred to the Library Committee,
not knowing what are the precise duties of that
committee in relation to procuring the publication
of an index to the documents, laws, and treaties.
I have been informed, however, by a member of
the other House, who is thoroughly conversant
with the whole matter, that the Library Commit-
tee aie confined to the documents alone.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (in his seat.) They
are to prepare a general index.
Mr. MASON. 1 understood it was to be a gen-
eral index to the documents.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, it
was a general index which theLibiary Committee
had under consideration, and the plan now being
under the consideration of the committee, and a
contract contemplated, I suggested only to the
Senator from Missouri, whether it would not he
better to refer this subject to the Library Commit-
tee also, and iet them take the whole matter under
their supers ision.
How far the public service will be promoted by
jeferring one branch of the subject to a committee,
and the other branch to another authority, is for
the Senate to decide.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, my proposition
is for the continuation of an approved work. In
it we have already an index which takes up the
acts of Congress and treaties from 1769 to 1628.
We have such a work, unincumbered with any
other matter whatever, leftrting to the laws, stat-
utes, and treaties alone. Now, we have that work,
and at the time it was completed it was perfect
It took in all the laws and statutes down to 18)28.
What i now want is, the continuation of that work
up to the present time. We do not want any
other work upon the subject. I will undertake to
say that any gentleman who will take the trouble
to examine this work will find it to be as accurate
a work as could be devised. I object, therefore,
to any reference of this subject to the Committee
on the Library. It is an old subject. It is an old
and approved work. We have it for nearly thiity
years, from 179S to 1828. We have it for trmty
years, and we want it down to the present time,
and ten or twenty years hence we shall want it
down to that time.
The index to the documents is another subject,
and it wiil be a very voluminous work. That is a
thing not yet decided upon. It is a new thing,
and "has been very appropriately referred to a com-
mittee. But the index to the laws and treaties is
an old subject, it is an approved principle of
