1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
gay the balance, whatever it may be, shall be paid
to the Indians; said fund to be continued during
the pleasure of Congress, at the rate of five per
cent, per annum on the amount of said balance, as
an annuity. The article further proceeds to say,
" that said fund is to be continued during the
1 pleasure of Congress, unless the chiefs of the
' said tribe or band, by the mutual conscnt of their
4 people, in general council assembled, desire that
* the fund thus to be created should be dissolved
* and paid over to them." This stipulation of the
treaty they have complied with. The chiefs did
repolve, with the consent of their people in council
assembled, that this claim should be paid out of
this national fund. But the difficulty in this case
occurs with reference to the latter portion of this
article of thetieaty, which reads as follows: "in
4 which case the Piesident shall cause the same to
1 be paid, if m his discretion he shall believe the
* happiness and prosperity of said tribe would be
i promoted therebythat is, provided they shall
apply tor the payment of the fund tnsohdo over
to the tribe, and not for the mteiest as provided in
the general provisions of the section.
It will be seen, then, from this latter clause of
the article, that payment out of tins fund is re-
ferred to the discretion of the -President, although
I know of no instance in which the President, in
the exercise of ins discretion, has ever undertaken
to pay over money m sohdo, as provided by Indian
treaties. The President declines paying out a
portion of this fund, as asked to do by these Indi-
ans to meet this claim, alleging that a portion of
this fund has been invested in stocks not now at
par; and that, if they do make payment of the
claim, in consequence of tins investituie in stocks
not at par of tins money, the Indians or the Gov-
ernment will suffer loss. The report states upon this
point that the Government are bound to make this
fund a par fund; that is, if any loss is to occur
from this investiture in stocks not now at par, the
Government should bear it; and 1 think it takes a
correct ground, for there is no provision in the :
treaty that was made that authorizes the Govern- :
ment to \est the fund at all. The Government i
vested it at their discretion, as follows: in Mary- !
land State fives at eighty per cent, on the dollar— !
and the Senator from that State can judge how
much they are now worth—and in sixes at the
proportion and rate at which they are now held in
market. I take it, sn, that Government has no j
right to object to the payment of this debt out of ;
the fund, bccause, by an unauthorized act of their ;
own, they have invested that fund in stocks which j
are below par. !
In consequeuce, then, of the President's refusing
to exercise hisdiscietion underthesecircumstances,
these parties come to Congress to have the claim i
paid. The claim is founded in very great merit,
and is one of those claims m which the executive j
officer of the Government is very much compro-
mitted,and theGovernmentobligationsverystrong I
in favor of paying the whole amount they stipu- <
jated to pay to this officer. Thi3 is a distinct claim, I
however; and if the tribe urge it, 1 do not see how ;
we can get over paying it. J
The question now before the Senate is this: i
These chiefs having assembled their nation in coun- j
cil,and the council having agreed this claim should |j
be paid, have addie&sed a communication to the J
Secretary of War, over their signatuie, request- h
ing that the draft enclosed m that communication, :
signed by their chief, for ihe payment of the debt, !j
be honored from out this fund. Under these cir- !'
cumstances, 1 do not see that there can be any well- ;
founded objection to the payment of the claim or :
the honoring of that draft. The claimants have
wailed for their dues a long time; and one ques- ,
tion before the committee was, whether interest j
on the amount due had not better be allowed.
Under all the circumstances, however, the commit- '
tee thought it best to simply present the naked ,
claim, and to report a bill merely for the payment 1
of the claim out of this fund of thirty-six thousand i
dollars, which the Government is bound expiessly |
to pay over to these Indians whensoever called j
upon. '
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to have an oppor- '
tunity to inform myself more fully upon the merits i
of this claim, and 1 think there are several other I
Senators who would like to do the same. I hope, !
therefoie, the Senator from Tennessee will allow j
the bill to he over. j
Mr. BELL. The bill was very fully discussed !
and examined at the last session; nevertheless, if
the Senator insists upon it, it may lie over.
Mr. BORLAND reiterated his wish; and the
bill was accordingly laid over. And then
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 11, 1349.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, called for the regular
order of business.
HARBOR OF BUFFALO.
The SPEAKER said, the first business before i
the House was the following resolution reported '
from the Committee on Printing: i
Resolved, That one thousand cvtra copies of the letter of j
the SecreUuy oi War, and theaccompaionig paper?, in lela- !
tion lo the harbor at Hull'alo, New York, communicated to I
this ilou-e on the 6ih infant, he pnmetl lor the u?e of tins 1
Hou<p ; and that two hundied and fifty extra copies thereof '
he prmtfd for the Use of the Bureau of Topogiaphical En- 1
gmeers. * |
Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a point of order, j
and asked the Speaker what had become of the j
resolution [a laugh] which they had had before |
the House-yesterday, lelative to the slave trade in ;
the District of Columbia. ]
The SPEAKER replied that it was on the file of 1
unfinished business. j
Mr. WENTWORTH. And we shall never i
reach it again during this Congress ? {Laughter.} 1
The SPEAKER. Yes, when the House pro-
ceed with the regular order of business, and come ,
to the consideration of resolutions which lie over. j
Mr. WENTWORTH. The Speaker would j
remember that I asked him this question yester- j
day, and was told it would continue the special
order from day to day until disposed of.
The SPEAKER (very doubtfully heard) was
understood to reply that he had stated to the gen-
tleman that the motion to rpr.onsidpr had priority
over all other business. If the resolution had re-
mained before the House upon the motion to re-
consider, it would have had priority this morning;
but, the House having reconsidered the vote, it
was now a common resolution before the House,
and would take its place upon the calendar.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Can I not move to re-
consider the vote by which the House refused to
lay the subject on the table yesterday?
The SPEAKER. Any motion can be recon-
sidered.
Mr. HALL, of New York, inquired whether
the gentleman from Illinois could make the motion
to reconsider the vote adopted by the House yes-
terday, while he (Mr. H.) had the floor upon the
regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. No; he cannot. The gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Hall] is entitled to
the floor, unless some gentleman rise to a point of
order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is not mine a privi-
I legerl motion ?
! The SPEAKER. Not so as to authorize the
j gentleman to take the floor from another gentle-
l man.
! Mr. BELCHER. I rise, Mr. Speaker, upon
! a question of mileage.
! The resolution which was in order was read,
, (as given above.)
Mr. HALL of New York, obtained the floor,
j and said that, before submitting the remaiks he
! desired to make upon the original resolution, and
in reply to the remaiks of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr.Toombs,] made when this resolution
; was the other day under consideration, he would
| offer the following amendment:
; And that the drawing and map attached to such report be
engraved on a scale not e.\eei ding one-halt the Mze of rhe
onuinal, and that one copy ot *.uch drawing and m;tp he at-
1 tachfd to each copy of tiie repoit ordered to be punted by
tin* House.
The question being stated on the amendment—
Mr. HALL said, that before the question was
; taken on his amendment and on the original reso-
j lution, he desired to submit a few remarks in
| reference to the character of the report proposed to
i be printed, and in reply to the remarks the other
day made by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
j Toomrs.] He then proceeded to remark upon the
i character of the report which it was proposed to
| print; and stated that the harbor at Buffalo had
, been frequently the subject of consideration in
i Congress; and that prior to 1845, divers plans
for its further improvement had been suggested.
That in that year a board of commissioners was
appointed by the Bureau of Topographical Engi-
neers, under the direction of the War Department,
to consider and report upon the different plans for
the improvement ot that harbor. This board con-
sisted of Lieutenant Co;onel Kearny, and Major
I urnbuli, of the corps of Topographical Engineers,
and General Swift, an eminent civil engineer, who
had, he believed, formerly held the position of Chief
of the Corps of Engineers of the United States.
This commission met at Buffalo,and, after spend-
ing several weeks in the consideration of the sev-
eral plans for the improvement of the harbor, and
in the survey and examination of the harbor, and
! the lake and river in its vicinity, made the report
j of which itwasproposed to print 1,250 extra copies,
j at an expense, as had been stated by the chairman
| of the Committee on Printing, of fifteen dollais
only. The eminent attainments of the gentlemen
composing the commission was a sufficient guar-
antee that the leportwas worthy the consideration
of Congiess and the country; and it should be
printed, that it might he preserved, and that copies
of it might be distributed to some extent to the
population of the large territory which was inter-
ested in this important harbor.
in reference to the importance of this harbor,
and the interest m the subject of this report, wh.ch
the gentleman from Geoigia [Mr. Toombs] had
asseited was a local one, confined to the people of
the city of Buffalo alone, he desiied to say that he
conceded that the commerce of this harbor was,
perhaps, of small importance when compared with
that of New Yoik city; but nevertheless, the com-
merce of the port of Buffalo was not, as he believed,
exceeded in value by the commerce of more than
five or six ports on the seacoast of the Union.
But to ascertain its comparative importance, he
proposed to compare, in some respects, the com-
meice of this poit with the commerce and annual
products of the soveieign State of Georgia. That
was, perhaps, a fair subject of comparison. That
State was represented on this floor by eight gentle-
men of high character, great intelligence, and ex-
tensive infoimation; one of whom, [Mr. Ki\tg,]
he was happy to believe, h$d reasonable expecta-
tions of piesidmg over the Navy Department,
under the incoming Administration; and another,
[Mr. Toombs,] if he had not been misinfoimed,
had similar aspnations in regard to the War De-
partment. To this he would not object, were it
not that it would moitify himself and his constitu-
ents to have an officer at the head of that depait-
ment (which had charge of the improvement of the
rivers and harbors of the country) whose informa-
tion in reference to the city of Buffalo, its location,
business, and harbors, was so limited, that hecoula
hazard the assertion that the interest in its harbor
was purely local, and confined to the people of
that city alone.
By an official report of the commissioners of the
canal fund of the feiate of Ntw Yoi k, u was shown
that the propeity coming from other Slates which
entered the Erie canal through this haihor in tho
year 1847 amounted to 659,996 tons, and was val-
ued at £,27,064,662, and that the value of the mer-
chandise winch went to other States through that
harbor in the same year was $20,624,400.
By the statement of Professor Tucker, of the
University of Virginia, contained in his work on
the progitss of the United States, it appealed that
the value of the whole annual productions of the
Stale of Georgia, based, as he supposed, on the
census of 1840, was only $35,980,363. The com-
merce of Buffalo in 1847 was $47,b89,062, as above
stated, being a sum consideiably larger than the
whole f.nnuai production of the State of Georgia,
for their own consumption and for export.
This commerce, it is estimated by the head of
the Topographical Bureau, m an official report
communicated to this House at the last session,
will increase at the rate of about seventeen per
cent, per annum. He also estimates that a popu-
lation of neaily three millions of our citizens de-
pends upon the chain of lakes, at the foot of which
this harbor is situated, as the means of commu-
nicating with a market; and that this population,
thus dependent on the commerce of the lakes, wa?
increasing at the rate of 3.41 per cent, per annum.
To increase the facilities lor tins commerce at
the harbor of Buffalo, the State of New Yoi k had,
within the last two years, appropriated more than
&300,000; and yet the gentleman from Georgia was
