226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11}
but to the stimulants in the shape of high salaries
which were set before them ? They thought that
if they would occupy the time between one elec-
tion and another in electioneering, they would,
when the contest was over, receive an office—that
kind of office which would make them rich.
it had been said that money was the root of all
evil. Certain it was, that money was the root of
all political evil, and the root of all political strife.
It was that which, above all other things, cre-ated
strife in our country. Let the pay of the officers
of the Government be reduced to a reasonable
amount, and it would soon be found that men
would not employ their time in electioneering—in
making strife and mischief—because they would
turn their attention to other employments. We
should thus disband, not the army of Mexico,
not the fifty thousand soldiets who had fought our j
battles there, but the five hundred thousand elec- j
tioneerers who kept up this strife throughout our i
country. The very moment that this principle of;
reduction should be applied, it would be seen that !
the persons who grasped so eageily at these offices j
would take to other and equally honorable employ- j
ments. For his own part, he would cut up this |
evil by the roots. He hoped it would be done. I
This was one of the reasons why he advocated the
reform.
The next branch of the resolution to which he
Teferred contemplated the reduction of the pay of
members of Congress one-half after Congress
should have been three months in session. This
would not only save to the country some sixty
thousand dollars per year, but hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars if such an amendment should be
adopted. Let gentlemen turn their attention to
the Journals for the last ten or twelve years, j
They would find, that (or the first thirty days of j
a session, Congress did not sit moie than two !
hours per day. He had examined the Journals. !
Let gentlemen apply the principle of the resolution
^to the present session, and see how Congress
would go to work in good earnest.
What did we hear during the last session! 1
Many of the older members of this Househad
told us that it was necessary to fix a day ot ad-
journment, because, they said, Congress would
then do as much business in one day as they
would otherwise do in a week. And such was the
truth. Congress could do as much work in as
little time, if they would apply the pi mciple of his
resolution, and set them to woik, without fixing a
day of adjournment. Lot the members know that
their pay was to be reduced.
How had this principle operated in the State of
Indiana? They had discovered that it had short-
ened the session very considerably. And it would
have the same effect upon Congress. This was
another reason why he urtred the adoption of his
resolution.
But he had added at the end of that resolution a
general savin? clause, it was, that, the Committee
of Ways and Means should inquhe as to all other
means by which the expenditures of the Govern-
ment could be curtailed. He would mention one
or two that occutred to his mind when he diew
the resolution. One of them was in lespect to a
matter with which the members of this House
were familiar. It was the practice which this
House had for many years indulged, of voting
themselves some six hundred and ottd dollars'
worth of books to every member. For the last
seventeen years, whilst membeis had been receiv-
ing, some of them, thnty-odd dollais a day, they
had, in addition to that, voted themselves books to
the amount of upwards of six hundied dollars.
He found that members complained of one another
for having sold their books. These complaints,
however, did not go to the loot of the evil. The
debate should be confined to the propriety or im-
propriety of giving a member six hundred and odd
dollars in addition to thirty or thn ty-threc dollais
per day. Duung the last seventeen yeais, there
had been distributed among members ot Congiess
who had their pay, some eleven hundred thou.-and
dollars in addition. This he considered as an abuse
of the power of legislation, m both Houses; and
his resolution, amongst other things, had reference
to this.
The same branch of the resolution had reference
also to another abuse—that was to say, the frank-
ing privilege of the two Houses. How much was
annually lost to the treasury in this way? Up-
wards of two hundred thousand dollars was thus
taken from the people of the country; or, the sum
of two millions of dollars in ten years. He had
been informed that during a part of the last ses-
sion, something like five tons (he was understood
to say) of mailable matter that was franked, had
been sent daily from the city of Washington.
There might possibly be some mistake in this*, but
he had received the information from the Postmas-
ter General himself.
There was still another view of the case. It was
the habit here to vote some thirty thousand dollars j
per session to the members in the shape of
u Globes" and other papers. This was an abuse
to which his resolution had reference. He be-
lieved, however, that his time bad nearly expired,
and he must hasten on with the observations that
he still desired to submit.
Let him ask how it was that members of Con-
gress could reconcile such extiavagance as this;
whilst, at the same time, (as was the case at the
last session of Congress,) this House voted against
givjng to the soldieis of the war of 1812, and their
widows or orphans, a small tract of land to make
themselves a home. Could these abuses be per-
mitted to exist for the benefit of members of Con-
gress, and of the officersof the Government—could
these abuses be permitted to exist that they might
; become rich by the loaves and fishes of the coun-
try, whilst this House would refuse to vote a poor
pittance of land to give a home to the soldiers of
the last war? The example had been set in the
case of the soldiers of the Mexican war, yet we
found that this proposition was defeated by a large
vote. Members of Congress could receive thirty-
three dollars a day here, and could vote themselves
six or seven hundred dollars in addition, but they
could not allow a small tract of land to the soldiers
who had fought for the liberties of the country; ;
they could foiget to do justice to them. Against j
these things he had a right to complain, and so I
long as his hour had not expired  ;
Several members rose and claimed the floor. j
The CHAIRMAN stated the gentleman's hour j
was not out. j
Mr. EMBREE continued. He had not, he said, !
yielded the floor. In order that he might be dis-
tinctly understood, he would say that it was not i
the members of this House against whom he j
complained; and he hoped that when the vote !
upon the question came to be taken, he should !
have no complaint to make against any of them. |
He was complaining of the law as it was con- j
strued,and as ithad been construed. He regretted j
that this had been made a personal matter; he j
thought such a course was rather calculated to ,
militate against the object he had in view. No !
member ot Congress was to be blamed for what !
he had received. Even since the days of Wash- !
mgton, no man, he believed, had been known to ;
leluse that which he had a right to take. But
I; when they were called upon, in the capacity of
!j Representatives, looking to the welfare and the in-
ij terests of those whom they repiesented, to change
!; an unjust and an unequal law, then, if they voted
:j against the proposition, their constituents would
!j ha\e a right to complain of them, and not before,
i He made no complaint of the past; but he feaied,
from the rcmaiks which had fallen from the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] that theie
would be some complaint to be made against him,
if he proposed such amendments as were calcu-
lated only to kill off this proposition. One mode
of killing a measure—which was perfectly under-
i stood by all men having any knowledge of par-
; hamentary tactics—was, when a pioposition good
1 in itseit was brought in, to load it down with other
j objectionable pioposiuons for accomplishing the
] same end, and thus get lid of the whole matter.
1 And this was what he feared would be done upon
i this occasion. He called upon gentlemen to vote
! directly on the proposition. Let them say in so
| many woids, whether they would receive thirty
■ dollars a day. He did not wish to be personal.
! He had disavowed every feeling of that kind.
' But he could point to gentlemen who would have
j two thousand dollars taken off their mileage if his
! proposition should be agreed to. it was, he well
! understood, a matter ot serious import to them.
| And when members of this House voted against
; the proposition, their votes would go forth to the :
j country. Their constituents would know how ;
! they had voted: it was absolutely necessary that '
| they should know. I
! No member who understood the proposition !
would vote against it, if he looked fairly into the
question, and took into consideration the wishes of
his constituents. The members of that House had
come here to represent the interests of their con-
stituents. Did any gentleman suppose that any of
their constituents would be willing that their Rep-
resentatives should rcceive thirty dollars a day, or
more, when they supposed them to be receiving
only eight dollars? Did gentlemen suppose that
their constituents ever contemplated that they
should receive more than eight dollars per day, and
a reasonable mileage? It was this law of mileage
that was complained of, and it ought to be changed.
If any gentleman could offer a better proposition
than that which he (Mr. E.) had submitted—if he
could offer a proposition that would save to the
people of this country more than sixty-two thou-
sand dollars per annum,let him introduce it,and he
(Mr. E.) would vote in favor of it. But let not
gentlemen endeavor to get clear of the question by
saying that they had a proposition in their pockets,
which they expected to offer at some future day.
Let them propose it now; and, he repeated, if it
should be better than his, more calculated to
reform existing abuses, and to accomplish the
object which he had in view, he would vote for it.
But let them not by indirect means kill off a fair
proposition to retrench the expenditures of the
Government. The gentleman from Mississippi
did not wish to do anything till he could accom-
plish the whole at one time. Let this be done
first; after that, he (Mr. E.) would cheerfully go
with the gentleman for any other reforms that
might be proposed. But let him not say that the
present proposition should not be adopted, because
he had other propositions in contemplation which
would effect good purposes; because, if he did &o,
the tendency of his couise was to kill off this
amendment.
Mr. HENLEY interposed, and desired to ask
a question of his colleague, [Mr. Embree ]
Mr. EMBREE having yielded the floor—
Mr. HENLEY inquired whether his [Mr. E/s]
proposition embraced the present Congress ?
Mr. EMBREE said that it did not; but that, if
the gentleman would offer such an amendment, he
(Mr. E.) wmid vote for it.
Mr. HENLEY suggested to his colleague so to
amend his own proposition as to include the pres-
ent Congress.
Mr. EMBREE said this was just what he had
expected. When a proposition was made here to
icduce the expenses ot the Government, gentle-
men were for proposing such amendments as
would prevent it from being earned, and could
only have the effect of killing it off.
Mr. HENLEY said the gentleman entirely mis-
understood his object. His sole purpose was to
add strength to the proposition; and he feit sur-
prised that the gentleman had not in the first
instance incorporated the amendment into his
own. He (Mr. H.) might not be a member of
the next Congress. His colleague ring hi not he a
member. He thought such an amendment would
: be adopted; at least he hoped so. His dtsire was
! to aid his colleague. Why should he cut off the
: mileage of those who were to succeed him, if he
, refused to cut off his own5
! Mr. EMBREE said he had a remark or two
more to make. His colleague had asked him
whether he was willing to let ins amendment apply
1 to the present Congress. At the last session he
1 (Mr. E.) had advocated the very same amendment,
, which would have applied to members ol tins Con-
! gress; so that the gentleman could not find him
■ (Mr. £.) m the wrong on this subject. If the gen-
tleman thought proper, let him offer the proposi-
1 tion as an amendment.
: Mr. HENLEY merely wished to 'state (he said)
! that he had himself advocated the same proposi-
tion, and had advocated a similar pioposition lor
the five years of which he had been a member ot
this body.
Mr. EMBREE said he was glad to hear that his
colleague had always supported such a measure,
and regretted to hear his other colleague [Mr. Pet-
tit, who had expressed dissent] say that he would
never support it. This was but an enteung wedge
to reforms that were to follosv; and let him (Mr 
E.) t*ay that 
The hour having expired, Mr. E. was cut off in
the midst of his sentence.
Mr. VENABLE said he had listened with at-
tention to the remarks of the gentleman from lndi*
