1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
ana, on the subject of mileage, retrenchment, and j
reform in general. But he was fearful that the !
gentleman had undertaken too large a job to be j
successful; that he was traveling too weary a path ,
to get many to walk with him; and he might per- j
haps find a great many willing to start with him, 1
who would not be willing to go all the way. He i
had undertaken more, at least, he^thought, than
could be accomplished during the whole session.
Most of the remarks which he proposed to offer,
he intended should have inference to the question
of mileage, upon which he proposed, at the close
of iiis speech, to offer an amendment. Perhaps he
might be better understood, if the amendment were
read at once, in connection with the amendment of
the gentlemen from Indiana,and other amendments
which had been proposed. He would send it to
the Clerk's table for that purpose. !
The CHAIRMAN said there was already pend- J
ing an amendment to an amendment; and the ■
amendment, therefore, of the gentleman from North
Carolina could not be in order. j
Mr. VENABLE did not propose to offer his ]
amendment at this time. He desired it should be
read merely for information. ;
The amendment was then read, as follows: j
Provided, Tliat the members of Congress shall reeeive
then-actual expenses for traveling from their residence to '
the cify of Washington, by the usual traveling route, and
eight dollars a day whilst on th^ir way to the seat ot Gov- ,
eminent; provided that in the estimation of the latter, no
more shall he chaigfd than the average time neccs-.uy to ;
peiform Ihe journey, jlnd provided <(Zw, Th.it no member i
of either House of Onii^re^, who is absent from it-,- emce, i
without being excused by a vote of the House to which he ;
btloii!^, shall he entitled to his per d)'jm, unless such ab- '
sence b." occasioned by t-icknc.-s, or other sutficient reason, 1
to b>) judged ot by the House ot which he is a member- JInd j
pi o vide J further, Tiiat it shall not he lawful for the members
ol the Senate, to receive any mileage for ihe meeting of that :
body usually called after the election or inauguration of any 1
President of the United States." j
Mr. V. continued. He said he should direct ,
his remarks chiefly to the abuses under the law |
of mileage. He would say, at the outset, that he I
entertained but little objection either to the amend- I
rnent by the gentleman from Georgia, or to the !
rate of mileage as it was now charged. His amend- j
ment, therefore, was proposed merely to test the j
sincerity of the advocates for retrenchment upon
this subject, and to bring the whole matter in some
tangible form before the committee. He was en-
tirely willing that this whole subject might go be-
fore the public m any shape, and at any time. It
"was no new subject in this House. It was noth-
ing new to him to hear gentlemen break forth in
strains of the most stirring eloquence, as they com-
pare the pay of members of Congress with that of -
the war-worn soldier, and the meagre pension for
the support of his family, condemned to eat their
scanty fare around a three-legged table, and the
soldier, with a wooden leg himself, in tattered gar-
ments; while members of Congress are growing
rich on the bounty of the treasury. He did not
•charge any gentleman of the House with a desire
to recommend himself to the country as the friend
and patron of the poor soldier, par excellence. He
had heard these remarks from both sides of the
House, but he made no personal reflection upon
either hand. But he would say that the tenden-
cies of all these remarks, and the efforts at re-
trenchment upon this subject, were against the
strength and permanency of our institutions. He
-charged no man with being a demagogue; it would
be unbecoming to make such a charge; but if there
was a character on earth who deserved the unaffect-
ed loathing of men, it was the character to which
he referred—the filthy, slimy being, who, like the
snail, always left his mark in the track where
he moved. If ever our beloved institutions should
come to ruin, it would be when they should fall
into the hands of these demagogues, whose heaits
were always as filthy as their heads were empty.
Mr. EMBIIEE interposed here to inquire of the
gentleman from North Carolina, whether he in-
tended to be understood as making allusion to him
by the remarks just made.
Mr. VENABLE replied: Not a word was so in-
tended by him. He made no personal allusion—
none whatever. He intended no distinct allusion
either to the gentleman from Indiana or to any
other gentleman. But he reiterated his statement,
that demagogues were, of ail men, the most dan-
gerous to our institutions; and the p<\ge of history
would bear hun out in the assertion, that although
the rights and libeities of the people were some-
times overthrown by the sword of the conqueior
and the plots of the traitor, they moie frequently
fell by the stiletto stab of the demagogue. Dem-
agogues in a free government were like children
with fire in the woods: they always kindled a
flame which would immediately rage beyond their
power to control it. He warned every gentleman,
therefore, to beware how he allowed himself to
fan such a flame. He had never seen a man of
this character who did not always, and on all
occasions, profess the deepest affection for ihe
people, and the suffering poor, who had served
the country. As for himself, he loved the people
about as much as they loved him; but they would
spurn him from their confidence, whenever he
might descend to talk in his place here about the
poverty and sufferings of their wives and families,
in contrast with the compensation of the function-
aries of the Government. For himself and his
colleagues, he would say, that they represented
a noble constituency—an enlightened constituency;
but whenever it was in ins power to contribute
anything to their further enlightenment, he was
always happy to do so. Our constituents were
not men to be operated upon by alarmists; they
were never frightened at trifles. He declared that
he never heatd this question about the mileage of
members of Congress so much as once mentioned
amongst them; and the man that would go and
tell them that he (Mr. V.) had received twenty-
two dollars and a half more mileage than he was
entitled to, would find himself nothing the gamer
by such a course, but he would bring upon him-
self (what he would also desei ve) the public scorn
for his paltry effort. His constituents did not ask
him any questions about his mileage. They did
not expect of members of Congress to be such
whole-hearted patriots as to be willing to beggar
themselves for the sake of serving them. They
considered that where a man was found to be
worthy and willing to come to Congress, he ought
to be paid for the service. And in view of the
charge that members of Congress came here to
make money, he affirmed the tact, that there was
not a single member from his State who had not
left a better business at home—who had not made
a pecuniary sacrifice to serve the country, besides
the sacrifice for the time of all the attractions of
the social circle in which they moved, and all the
endearments that cluster about their homes. Yet
the gentleman fi om Indiana could talk about com-
ing here as a money-making business! He could
haidly think the gentleman serious. lie could
hardly believe that any gentleman who had aban-
doned a judgeship could seriously attribute to the
purposes of gentlemen coming to Congress the
sordid idea of making money. This mileage, and
the per diem of eight dollars, the twenty-five
thousand dollars for the President, and the salaries '
of other officers of the Government, were all fixed
at a time when money was worth much moie than
at present; and this fact was a sufficient refutation
of any proposition to retrench in these respects.
The fau was, that so far from its being too large,
the compensation of members of Congress was
not large enough to afford any inducement to pie-
fer the privations which their position rendered
necessaiy, to the comforts and emoluments of pri-
vate life or professional occupation.
He supposed no gentleman could charge him
with speaking out of an}' special legard tor his i
own case, for his mileage was an inconsiderable '
sum, and besides, he lesided near the magnetic
wires. He could be mfonned at any time of the
affairs of his household, and m less than twenty
hours ho could go there and place himself in the
midst of that domestic circle around which all j
the best affections of his heart were wont to clus- :
ter. But theie weic gentlemen heie from the far- \
off State of Texas, where disease and distress '
might make its incursions, and where the fell I
destioyer might cut down the most cherished
objects of their affections, whilst the distance pie-
cluded the possibility of their presence to aid or
to console. Was there no sacrifice incurred in
such cases? Did gentlemen suppose the country
so ungrateful as to hesitate about rewarding men j
for devoting the best days of h\e to the public ser- !
vice, at the expense and sacrifice, for the time >
being, of the best feelings of the heart? The man j
that could doubt in this matter, though he might
be sincere, yet he deserved to be compared with
the blacksmith he once heaid of, (none the worse
man, however, for being a blacksmith,) who ob-
jected and argued that a certain judge should not
receive a salary of fifteen hundred or two thousand
dollars, upon the plea that he would be willing to
judge all the causes for one hundred and fifty dol-
lars. The inevitable tendency of this system of
retrenchment in salaries would be to introduce
disqualified persons into places of the highest trust.
There could always be found loafers and vagrants
enough to take these places; and offices would be
left in the hands of men who would become the
most facile subjects of corruption. But it was
always the part of wisdom to place men charged
with the high trusts of the Government, if possi-
ble, above the reach of corruption—in positions
where they may be sure of adequate support in
the independent discharge of their duties.
It was true that men of patrimonial wealth could
afford to be members of Congress. But did gen-
tlemen desire to make a seat in the councils of the
nation desirable only to the unworthy and disqual-
ified, or those whose opulence enabled them to
encounter the sacrifice? Was the generous ambi-
tion which filled the breast of the obscure and
I penniless son of genius to be utterly extinguished,
and a heartless aristocracy of wealth, or a still
more heartless reign of insolent and undeserving
ignorance appropriate the honors of the State to its
detument, if not its destruction? He looked around
him, and was proud to recognize honorable gen-
tlemen, respected at home and recognized as active,
distinguished members of this House, and of the
Senate, whose native talent and untiring energy
had won for them their station in spite of the dis-
advantages which had beset their early life. He
saw many here whose genius had bloomed in a
desert, but by sedulous culture, had produced the
rich fruits which had often been denied to those
plants which had all the ad vantage of hot-house nur-
ture. It was the genius of our institutions to elicit
the best mental gifts of our people, and to reward
them for their use. A paltry system of compen-
sation would drive such men, (and he must say,
valuable and practical men,) from the service of
the public, because the duties which they owed to
their families demanded the first payment—a de-
mand to which no honest heart could ever be insen-
sible.
But was it true that this princely compensation
was reaily paid to members of Congress? It was
not. "We, the immediate representatives of the
people, are paid less than any of the subordinates
who aie placcd at the heads of bureaus, or their
chief employees. Members of this House were
rarely appointed to such stations, but they seemed
to be res-erved for retired Senators and ex-Govern-
ors of States. It was easy to cry out " reform—
retrenchment"—a sound which catches the public
ear, and sometimes may effect something, tempoia-
liiy, for an anxious aspirant; but the Good Book
had told us that "the beginning of strife is as the
letting out of water." Those who raise such
storms were often the greatest sufferers from the
effects of their own arts. He cautioned gentle-
men that such declarations as had been made
here to-day of the corruption and unworthiness
of the practices of the members of the American
Congress could in no way serve to elevate them
in the public estimation. Although the purpose
of making such a charge was disavowed, yet the
fact was said to exist-, and the people must form
a low estimate of the moral feelings of such a
bndy of men. It was surely impolitic to weaken
the moral force of our acts and opinions; and al-
though a gentleman, by affecting to become a
father confessor for this House, might make the
people stare for a while, the recoil upon himself
would be disastrous in the extreme. They will
not readily believe that the men of their choice,
respectable and respected at home, where best
known, had suddenly become so altogether aban-
doned and corrupt.
It had been charged here that we were pouring
the treasury into our pockets, in theshape of mile-
age, and rewarding the public officeis with extrav-
agant salaiies, while the poor citizen-soldier was
lost sight of. But he contended that there was not
a country on which the sun shines, where the citi-
zen-soldiers were so well paid as in our own, or
where their widows and children were cherished
by the Government with more sedulous cate. No
man in this Government could serve his country
in the field without feeling well assured of his re-
ward. Where were the millions of broad acres of
military grants ? To whom had they been given ?
To the men who had fought the battles of the
