230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman says his book
is the last book. It was published, he'says, in
3842; this one was published in 1846.
Mr GREELEY. I told the Clerk to get the last;
he got the last he could find. It does not at all
touch the fact; the fact is the real distance to Jack-
eon; by the nearest mail route, it is not over 1.050
miles, and the gentleman receives pay for 2,330
miles.
Now, let him (Mr. G.) reply to some of the re-
marks which the gentleman from Mississippi had
seen fit to apply to him in the discussion yester-
day. The gentleman had represented it as an
abuse that an editor of a newspaper had a seat on
this floor, and that he edited hia paper from here.
He (Mr. G.) presumed he had written lesson this
floor than almost any other gentleman; certainly
heliad done no editorial writing here. There was
time enough for that out of this House. And be-
sides attending to his duties on this floor and m
the committee-room, he had been absent but one
day, and that a private-bill day, and a short ses-
sion; and the chairman of the Committee on the
Public Lands, of which he was a member, would
tell the gentleman that he (Mr. G.) had not been
absent from the meetings of that committee, and
that he had sought, lather than shunned, labor on
that committee. He believed the gentleman from
Mississippi would find he (Mr. G.) would be dis-
posed to do as much on this floor, or off it, of his
duties as a member of this House, as the gentle-
man would deem desirable. Now, what was the
abuse? That he was the editor of a newspaper,
was certainly true. That he had given away the
time of the public to editing his paper, was not
true. Here were lawyers who left their seats in
this Hall for two or three weeks together, to attend
to their practice. Of this he did not complain: he
did not ao it; he should devote his time to the dis-
charge of the duties incumbent upon him, for the
brief time he had to serve here.
Now, as to this matter of the reform of mileage:
every gentleman who had spoken had admitted
that the present system was wrong; that there
ought to be some change. Almost every one sug-
gested some amendment. If the present amount
paid was just, it ought to be more fairly distrib-
uted. He said it was unjust. But this was a
beggarly sum. It was only some sixty or seventy
thousand dollars' saving. Did you ever know of
reform, of retrenchment, that was not beggarly?
Retrenchment was always a beggarly business; it
■was not a business for gentlemen. Gentlemanly
instincts shunned it as a rather low business—as
rather discreditable, even for editors. Reform
■when you will, it is always strike higher or lower,
or it is something else that is to be amended—an
entirely different thing from that which you are
attempting to do. The country would under-
stand this; he was entirely sure this House did
understand it. It was the way, the gentlemanly
"way, never to mind the expense; go it lavishly;
divide, distribute to your friends, even if you go
ashore; run in debt, repudiate, curse your cred-
itors as descended from Judas Iscariot. But he
was not rocked in the ciadle of gentility.
Mr. McKAY here interrupted, and wished to
notice a small error in the gentleman's statement
with reference to his mileage and distance from
Washington.
Mr. GREELEY hesitated to yield, but finally
gave way.
The CHAIRMAN several times called the com-
mittee to order, and requested both gentlemen to sus-
pend their remarks until gentlemen had taken their
seats, stating that it was in violation of the rules
for gentlemen to congregate in the area.
Mr. McKAY, after considerable delay, made
his statement, from which it appeared that his ac-
tual distance from Washington had been set down
in the aitic'te in question at 387 miles, while it was
stated that he received mileage for 395 miles, bein^
an excess of mileage over what he should receive)
computed by the nearest mail route, of $6 40. He
stated that the gentleman from New York had
omitted to add the distance beyond his nearest
post office, and that that accounted exactly for the
difference in the distances set down by the gentle-
man, and of course for the excess of mileage
which he was stated to have received. °
He stated that he had not made the correction
with a uew to find fault, but as the gentleman had
invited corrections. He approved of the amend-
ment, and should support it.
Mr. GREELEY accepted the correction with
pleasure, and acknowledged that such inaccuracies
must occur.
He now wished to pay his respects briefly to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Root,] who had ad-
dressed the committee when it was last in session;
and he must say that either the gentleman had
changed, or he (Mr. G.) had not known him; for
there was a time when he could net have made
that speech. He confessed, while he (Mr. G.)
took his own share in that speeech very easily, he
felt 3orry for the gentleman*s. We did not easily
part with our associates. The gentleman had com-
menced by saying tht>t they had seen a great many
such propositions before the House, and by ask-
ing what had become of them. He had said that
when one reform came up, something else was
piled upon it,, until you run the thing into the
ground and buried it there. And then, the gentle-
man had done the very same thing. He had said
this is all wrong, and he had proposed an amend-
ment of his own to charge for traveling by the
hour. Why, under this plan, who would know
how much to charge? For instance, say the gen-
tlemen from Texas in November icquired three
hundjed hours1 travel to come to Washington: who
could tell how long it would require for them to
go back m April or in August? It would be all a
matter of guess work. And who guessed for the
treasury? who guessed for Uncle Sam? It was
totally impracticable. Some gentlemen might
spend a dollar an hour in traveling, others only a
shilling. They would make no equality.
He believed the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Embrex] was the very fan est am)
most practicable proposition that had been biought
before the House. They never would devise any
means whereby this matter of mileage would be
entirely equal. He wanted it liberal. The views
of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Yen-
able] had great foice. The distant members—
those who weie entnely separated from then- fam-
ilies—he (Mr, G.) would like to see paid higher
than those who could return to their homes at any
time. He did not want a niggardly compensation
to be given, it should be a generous one. But
he insisted that the amount at present paid was
enonnously large; to many it was two thousand
dollais and to some near three thousand dollars,
for that which did not cost them three hundred
dollars. And as new States continued to be ad-
mitted, these inequalities would increase.
He believed that this was a matter demanding
the attention of the House. He believed, that if
they should begin by first making a reform which
touched their own pockets, the natural effect
would be to lead to other reforms; and these proper
and judicious leforms being effected, the confidence
of the country in this House would be increased,
and the power of this House to do good immensely
enhanced. He believed it was desirable in every
way; that it would strengthen the confidence of
the people in the Government, and lead them to
feel that it was an equitable, a just Government;
that they were assembled here to do justice to
themselves and to every one else; that they would
correct abuses which affected their own pockets.
He knew not whether, under the Constitution, this
reduction of mileage could be made to apply to the
present Congress; if it could, so much the better.
Mr. SCHENCK interposed, and wished to
make an inquiry. „ !
Mr. GREELEY having yielded the floor— j
Mr. SCHENCK said, he understood the whole j
tenorof the gentleman's remarks to amount to this: j
that he denied any intention of charging fraud or j
wrong upon members of Congress, and claimed to :
he intent only upon obtaining a change of the law. |
He understood the gentleman to admit that, by the I
law as it now existed, and by the construction j
for many years, if not always, placed upon that j
law, members were legally authorized to receive ;
mileage according to'the usually traveled route, I
and were not restricted to the nearest post route; ;
and that the gentleman wanted the law changed. I
Very well; with that understanding, he would now '
read from this article of the gentleman two or !
three sentences: i
"Let no man jump at the conclusion that this excess I la1* ■j"
been ehaiged and received contiary to l,i\v. Tiic /act i> !i
otherwise. The members arc all honorable men; if any j.
nreverent infidel should doubt it, we can silence lnm bv ;i
refernng to the ptefix to their names in the new-papuis";
and we presume each has chatged just what the lau allows I!
linn." 11
Now, he wished to inquire of the gentleman
whether he used that language ironically or not?
He inquited of him whether that was not a sneer
at a member of Congress, with this "prefix*5
"honorable;" and^if so, how he reconciled that
with the assertion the gentleman had continually
made here, that he never intended to impute any-
thing wrong, fraudulent, or illegal to members of
Congress ?
Mr. GREELEY. I meet the inquiry directly.
I don't think it dishonorable to take that which is
fairly yours under the law; though I should think
it dishonorable for this House to continue the
abuse and the irregularity after they have been
fairly exposed.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the gentle-
man's reply to be, that he did not intend a sneer
upon members of Congress?
Mr. GREELEY. No; I don't say that. [Laugh-
ter.] I do allow that to be, if you choose, a slant
at those who will not concur in correcting the
abuse. 
Mr. SCHENCK. Those who won't vote as
the gentleman from New Yorksays they ought to?j
Mr. GREELEY. If you want to have it so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask, then, whether, m case
a man should not vote as the gentleman from New
York says, (many of them had already; but let
their former action pass now,) the gentleman did
not define his meaning to be, that he intended to
charge him with being a dishonorable man?
Mr. GREELEY. I will say, I think he is an
unjust man who don't vote to make this more
equal.
Mr. SCHENCK. To go back to the gentle-
man's first reply, [laughter.] I undeistood the
gentleman as saying that he did not charge a mem-
ber of Congress with being dishonorable in taking
the amount of mileage he now receives, because it
is the law; but he wants the law changed; do I
understand the gentleman as saying that anything
may be honorable which is within the letter of the
law? [Laughter.]
Mr. GREELEY. I do not think it quite so*
[general laughter.] For instance, theie is a national
road which goes to the gentleman's place of resi-
dence, which is not more than five hundred miles
from this city by that road; the gentleman charges
mileage for *>even hundred and eighty nwles going
around by the sinuosities of the river. I do not
think that fair and equal.
I have done my duty to this House and the
I country m relation to this matter. It rests with
you to do yours. I have been made the mark for
obloquy, sneers, defamation. 1 did what I thought
was right and proper. I brought this information
before the public. Now, if the House chooses to
alter or amend the law in the way which I believe
according to justice, very well; if not 
Mr. SCIIENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word before he closes ? I understand
(though I could not hear him in the confusion)
that he speaks of something of my own case.
Mr. GREELEY. I said this: as the United
States have made a national road, on which the
gentleman, by traveling five hundred miles, could
reach this city from his residence, I think it not
hardly fair for him to charge for seven hundred
miles around by the sinuosities of the river.
Mr. SCHENCK. Which he thinks not fair
and honorable!
First, as to the matters of fact: I do live
near the national road, though not upon it. I have
made no charge upon the Government, os the gen-
tleman states me to do. I was inquired of by the
Committee on Mileage, who, I think, sent me a
• circular as to the distance of my residence from
1 this city. I told them that I lived fifty miles from
| Cincinnati, and that that was usually the traveled
| route. I will adtl that—such being the law, that
| the charge is to be by the usual route of travel—
| the distance from my residence, measuring by the
| river—not by Pittsburg, as many come, but by
I Wheeling—(which is the most usual route of
travel backwards and forwards between my place
of residence and this and other eastern cities,) is
quite as much as I receive pay for. Now, I ask
the gentleman, on that state of facts, what he
means—whether his purpose is to charge that it
was dishonorable in me to submit that statement
to ihe committee, and to take my mileage com-
puted by that way?
Mr. GREELEY. No, I say it is not; but it
would be dishonorable to vote to continue that
