1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
abuse. If the gentleman do not vote to correct
that inequality, then 1 think he will not vote as
would be just and fair.
Mr. SCHENCK. As would be just and fair!
I don't understand the gentleman to be ray con-
science-keeper in the matter. It happens that I
have always voted for that amendment of the law
to which the gentleman alludes. If he will take
the trouble to consult the Journal, he will find
that upon some three occasions at least, I have
voted for the nearest mail route as the standard on
which mileage is to be chaiged.
But I did not do it because I believed it would
be dishonorable to vote the other way. It occurred I
to me that this was the best standard. I have not j
thought it necessary to justify, before the people,
my vote, by referring to individual cases of mem-
bers all around me, serving with me in Congress,
as honorable men as I claim to be, who have only
charged according to the law as it exists, or who
rather have been allowed (and have made no
charge themselves) according to the law upon the
statute book. I have taken what the law allowed
nie, and what the gentleman knows the law al-
lowed me.
Mr. GREELEY. I have so stated.
Mr. SCHENCK, (continuing.) I have taken no
more; I shall vote hereafter, as I have done be-
fore, upon my own judgment; but I shall not
undertake to fortify that judgment by sneer or
irony, implying dishonor upon members around
me, when I do not feel disposed, in an open,
manly way, to make the charge upon them.
Mr. GREELEY having concluded—
Mr. MURPHY obtained the floor, and yielded
to a motion that the committee rise; which prevail-
ing—
The committee reported progress.
TERMINATION OF THE DEBATE.
Mr. VINTON said, that for the last two days,
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had been engaged in the discussion of a
single item of the general appropriation bill. It
wasveiy manifest that the committee would not
get beyond that for the next three weeks. It
was a subject which he had heard debated here
nearly every session for about twenty years, and
always with the same result. The experience of
the last session had been such as to satisfy the
House that they never could get through the busi-
ness part of the appropriation bill until debate was
directed to be terminated. For the purpose, there-
fore, of bringing debate on this item of mileage to
a close, he would offer a resolution proposing to
terminate the debate in one hour after the House
should again have gone into committee. If that
resolution should be adopted, it would probably
take a week, or something like that, to get through
with the bill, as the committee would then com-
mence the business part of it.
Mr. V. accordingly offered a resolution (in the
usual terms) closing the debate upon the said bill
in one hour after it should again have been taken
up in committee, and providing that the committee
should then proceed to vote on all amendments
pending or to be offered.
And Mr. V. demanded the previous question on
the adoption of the resolution.
There was a second, and the main question was
ordered to be now taken.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, asked the yeas and
nays on the main question; which were refused,
(only five members sustaining the call.)
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
MILEAGE AND ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. BELCHER, chairman of the Committee
on Mileage, rose and asked leave to make a report
from that committee on the subject of mileage.
Mr. STEPHENS objected, and moved that the
House do now adjourn.
And the question being taken, it was decided in
the negative.
So the House would not adjourn.
The Clerk was proceeding to read the report of
the Committee on Mileage.
Mr. HENLEY moved that it be laid on the
table and printed.
Mr. STEPHENS rose to a point of order. He
did not know, he said, how this report had come
before the House. He had objected to its intro-
duction, and he had not withdrawn his objection.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman had not
renewed hisobjection. The Chair thought that the
gentleman was leaving his seat, and going out of
the Hall.
Mr. STEPHENS said he had not renewed his
objection, because he had never withdrawn it.
The SPEAKER said, if the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] persisted in his objection,
the report could not be received.
Mr. TURNER inquired if the report had not
been referred ?
Mr. POLLOCK moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. MeKAY asked the gentleman to withdraw
his motion, to allow him (Mr. McIC.) to introduce
a bill.
The motion to adjourn was withdrawn.
Mr. McKAY asked leave, at this time, to intro-
duce a bill to regulate the mileage of members and
delegates in Congress, and for other purposes.
Mr. STEPHENS objected.
Mr. MeKAY gave notice that he would to-mor-
row, or on some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce the hill.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object to the notice.
[Some merriment.]
Mr.HlLLlARDmoved that theHouse adjourn.
The motion having prevailed, the House ad-
joi-
ned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rale,
and refeircd:
By Mr KING, of Massachusetts- The p tilion of Allen
Putnam and lb> others, citizens of Salem, Massachusetts
tor redaction of the rate of postage and Ihe abolition of the
[ranking privilege.
By Mi. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of J. CI.uk,
a I!. Young, and 2D others, citizens of Armstrong coinm,
Pennsylvania, piajing for a mail-route from Kiltanmg, ill
sanl county, via Cochran's Mills, to Apollo, a distance ol
tvvenlv-toni miles , , _
By Mr. COCKE: The petition of John King and 1.009
others, citizens of Ivist Tennessee and Western Virginia,
praying of Congress the restoralion of foui-liorse post
coaches on the mail-route from Blountsville to Knoxville,
Tennessee.
By Mr. WILLIAM T. LAWREN'CE: A petition lor a
post-route from Ithaca, in Tompkins eonnly, to Bath, ill
Steuben eountv, in the State of New York.
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of James Patterson and
26B others, ol Lancastci, Massachusetts, pra;ing tor a reduc-
tion of the rates ot postage.
P,y Mr. BUTLER: Two petitions from citizens of Lu-
zerne eountv, 1'ennsvlvanin, asking foi an immediate modi-
fication of thi evi-tmg tariff laws
By Mr. HUNT- The petition of .">2 citizens of Painesville,
Ohio, for a limit ship at the enlranre of Niagara river.
By Mr. CL \PP: The petition ofEphraim Sturdivantand
others, of Maine, praying Congress that an appropriation
mav be made toi the erection ot beacons and buoj s on locks
and ledges in Caseo hay.
On motion of Mr. DANIEL, the papers containing an ap-
plication for the extension ot the patentof William W.Gray
were referred to the Committee on Patents.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 12, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the credentials of the Hon. James Cooper, elected
a Senator from the State of Pennsylvania, for the
term of six years from the 4th of March, 1849;
which were read.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. TURNEY presented a petition from R. M.
Edwards; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented .addi-
tional documents to sustain a petition presented
last session from Caleb Green; which, with the
I petition, were referred to the Committee on the
i Judiciary.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from citi-
zens of the city and county of New York, asking
for a reduction of the rates of postage, and the
abolition of the franking privilege; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. STURGEON presented petitions from citi-
zens of the counties of Lebanon and Luzerne, in
Pennsylvania, praying for a change in the tariff;
which were referied to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from
James Hook, asking for commutation pay; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims. . .
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from the
councillors and warriors of the Seneca Indians,
askltic the payment of certain moneys, of which
they state that they were unjustly deprived by an
1 agent of the Government; which was referred to
si the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. JONES presented a memorial from James
A. Bayard, a receiver of public moneys in Iowa,
asking to be released from the payment of money
of which he was robbed; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the papers in tha
case of Charles Brenan and others were ordered
to be withdrawn from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BRADBURY, the papers in
the case of Rowland Carleton and William Miller
were withdrawn from the files, and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the papers in the
case of Dorothea Payne were taken from the files
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, submitted the fol-
] lowing resolution; which was considered and
agreed to:
I Resoltei, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency and propnety of so extend-
' mg the provisions of the pension laws as lo include those
■ who, whilst engaged in the military service ol the United
1 States, may have been, or may be, disabled by casualty inei-
1 dent to the life ol a soldier, or by the misconduct of others
1 Willi whom their duty has brought thun in contact.
| Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
i Hon; which was considered and agreed to:
j Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
1 10 lepou to the Senate the name of cacli person appointed
' by him as designated depositary, in pursuance of the sub-
] treasury act, appioved August 6,1846, « ho has performed
i the duties ot tile above oftices without any compensation.
Also, the amount of money leeeivrri on deposit by such offi-
cers, from tilc date of their appointments up to their last
repoit; and whether anv of the appropriations made since
the pa.ss-age of the above act, to be applied, undei the direc-
tion of the Seci etary of the Treasury, lor clerk lure, or any
other seivice connected with the execution ol said law, is
now unexpended, and if so, what amount.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted the following
resolution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Ofiice and Post
RnfuK be instiueted to inquire into th<' expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Ru^ellville, KemuHcv. by Buena
Vista Spring, to Elkton, and from Elkton to MadtaonviHe,
Kentucky.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported the bill for the relief of George Potndex-
ler, with amendments.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of James
Hotchkiss; which was read a first time.
On motion of Mr. BREESE,
Orieicd That the communication from the Commissioner
of the General Laud Office in relation to the claim be
, punted with the bill.
) MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
| House bill in relation to an act entitled " An act
! in relation to military land warrants," approved
I August 14, 1848.
The bill having been ordered to a third reading,
was read a third time, and the question was stated
upon its passage.
Mr. WESTCOTT. On yesterday, when this
hill was called up, I stated that I had objections
to it, as I then understood it. I have since made
an examination with respect to it, and these objec-
tions are confirmed. In Februaiy, 1847, we gave
the soldiers m the Mexican war one hundred and
sixty acres of bounty land. 1 will read the ninth,
section of that act:
[It provides, among other things, that every
soldier or volunteer who shall serve twelve months
durin" the war with Mexico should be entitled to
receivc a certificate or warrant for 160 acres of
land, which, in the event of his death, should inure
' to his family or relatives, according to a prescribed
\ rule. If the children were minors, their legally
; constituted guardian was authorized to sell and
i dispose of such certificate for the benefit of those
1 interested, and all sales, mortgages, powers, or
' other instruments of writing going to affect the
title or claim to any such bounty right, made or
I executed prior to the issue of such certificate or
' warrant, was thereby declared null and void; nor
] was such claim to bounty right to be affected by,
or charged with, or subject to, the payment of any
debt proclaim incurred by the soldier prior to the
, issuing of such ceitiftcate or warrant.] _
I Sir, the provisions securing this donation to the
i soldier himself, and in case of his decease, to his
! widow and heirs, were proposed by the Senator
■ from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] as amendments to
' the propositions of the Senator from Ohio over tha
