234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12.
would remain in the Senate. He thought it un-
necessary to go to the southern hemisphere to make
observations upon the movements of the planets.
We have an observatoiy here, and we can confine
our observations within a range nearer home. He
was aware that we had a great many very scientific
men in our navy, and he was very sorry that the
whole field of mathematical science spread out
before them was not sufficient for them to expend
their energies upon, but that they must wander oft'
to the extremities of the earth in search of new
fields of scientific research; and they say to us,
" If the Government will only make sufficient ap-
propriations, we will enlighten not only you, but
the whole world/5 He presumed that these men
were an honor to their country; but, in the first
place, he considered that the Government had no
power to make any appropriations for the purpose
of promoting astronomical science or any other
science whatever; and, in the second place, he did
not believe that any good results would accrue from
these scientific embarkations of the Government.
He thought that, in all countries, science should
be left free to woik out its own problems; that it
should be left to individual enterprise, and not be
subjected to the chilling influences of governmental
aid. He did not believe that the interests of science
would be very greatly advanced by enterprises set
on fool by Government. He considered scien-
tific explorations and investigations to be highly
necessary, and of exceeding value; but they should
be left to individual enterprise.
I have learned (continued Mr. N.) from the
newspapers, that during the past year we have
sent out an expedition to make observations on
the Dead Sea. I think that must be in the eastern
hermspbeie, or somewhere in that quarter, as it
docs not connect with the Atlantic, the Mediterra-
nean, or the Pacific. I have been told that import-
ant results have been attained by that expedition,
but I know of no important results that have been
attained by it. If any have been attained, I should
like to see them. I understand that, among other
important things, they have discovered and brought
home a part of Lot's wife. This is, indeed, im-
portant. I should like to see a thing so famous in
ancient history come down bodily to us. It must
be a rare and interesting object.
Mr. FOOTE. I would inform the gentleman
that what he is pleased to designate as n pan of
Lot's wife may be now seen in the library.
Mr. NILES. I do not feel encouraged, by any
results that have been yet attained by these expe-
ditions, 10 go on making appropriations for such
purposes. Therefore, i must vote against the
. amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. X believe it is now more than
twenty yeais since the project was fust slatted for
the election of a National Observatory. The edi-
fice was then beautifully and appropriately, though
sarcastically, denominated a " light-house of the
sky," and a determination was evinced in certain
quaiters to blow the whole enterprise sky high.
I>ut, sir, the law for establishing that institution
was passed, and went into effect with as great effi-
ciency as though no shaft of sarcasm had ever
been launched against it, and it has continued to
flourish up to the present time, and is now a per-
manent institution, a depot of science, and an honor
t) the country and the woild. Now, sir, the en-
terprise under consideration is nothing but a con-
tinuation of General Jackson's policy. He would
hive compelled the Government to carry out this
eate^prisc. He undeistood the vast benefits to be
derived from such enterprises as this exploring
expedition.
The gentleman from Connecticut seems to doubt
the utility of the project now under consideration.
I suppose / need haidly say that any observation
that ascertains, with greater accuracy than is now
ascertained, the distance between the sun and the
earth, is of immense importance, not only in esti-
mating all distances relating to the solar system,
but alwo of immense importance to navigation—in
which subject, I suppose, the gentleman from
Connecticut feels as deep an interest as myself or
any other member of this body, as the inhabitants
of his State are great navigators, and traverse the
pathway of nations with a frequency and darin°-
seldom equaled by any people. This observation,
if it results as scientific men suppose it will, will
add gieatly to the accuracy of all astronomical
observations, and those calculations without which
not a ship, whether belonging to the navy or to
the mercantile marine, could put out from shore |j I hope some Senator will call for Liputenant
with any degree of safety. That is a utility Lynch's report at an early day. If not, I shall
which it does not require any arguments to de- 1 A  'u~ ~ 1 — ' 1,1
monstrate.
It must be admitted that the results of such an
observation as this, if successful—for we cannot
tell whether it will be successful or not until the
experiment shall have been made—will beof emi-
nent advantage, in the point of view which I have
mentioned. I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will pass the amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I do not rise to say one
word about the item objected to, except that I am
satisfied it should be allowed, if we have any re-
I spect for the Government. My object is to notice
| the remarks of my honorable friend from Connec-
i ticut, [Mr, Niles,] which I regretted to hear, in
relation to the visit of Lieutenant Lynch, of the
navy, to the Dead Sea. I say I heard these re- j
marks with regret, for there is no Senator on this j
floor for whose opinions, and for whom person- !
ally, I have greater respect (except on the subject i
of " free trade" and "free soil") than that Sen- |
ator. Sir, I am satisfied, ifhe had known the facts !
respecting that visit, he would not have lugged the
officer who made it unnecessarily into this debate.
Sir, it is known that, some time ago at least, I was
not very partial—I mean, I was not a very warm
and devoted friend of the present head of the Navy
Department; but I feel bound to say, that, so far as he
is connected with the visit and exploration of Lieu-
tenant Lynch,! cordially approve of his course.
He deserves credit for it. This matter was mis-
represented last session of Congress. I sasv the
misrepresentations in the newspapeis, some in the
shape of speeches in Congress. Doubtless they
were made undet misconception of the facts. I
now take occasion to state them. It was neces-
sary to send a stoie ship or transport ship to the
Mediterranean. Lieutenant Lynch was detailed
to command the ship selected for that purpose.
The ship had to visit different ports in the Medi-
terranean Sea and contiguous waters, on public
service of different kinds. Fart of that service
was, I believe, connected with the selection or
establishment of a naval depot in that quarter.
Well, sir, Lieutenant Lynch, one of the most ;
intelligent, scientific, and enterprising officers in
the service, appied to the Secretary of the Navy
for permission, while contiguous to the Dead Sea,
to leave his vessel a few months, with some of his
officers, and make an exploration, on his own
account, of that sea, and other interesting points
in its vicinity. The idea that this was a grand
official exploration put on foot by the Secretaiy, \ sum requited, so that no further appropriations
during; the session, and hope it will be published
I by the Senate's order. It will be found that it
is creditable to the service—creditable to all con-
cerned, and useful too. 1 have had an opportunity
j to know something of this matter, and of the mer-
itorious conduct of the officers who went to the
Dead Sea, and of the credit they were entitled to-
and, I repeat, I deeply regret that any Senator
should have made then! unnecessarily the subject
of invidious remarks.
Mr. CLAYTON. I only rise, sir, for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the Senate to the
facts concerning the question upon which they are
going to vote.
In this case no committee recommends the amend-
ment to this bill. Three members of the Commit-
tee on Finance, the appropriate committee to which
this subject has been leferred, have expressed
themselves in opposition to the appropriation.
Under these circumstances the amendment is still
pressed. The objections taken by the members of
the committee are based upon a broad principle
and for the purpose of insuring the safety of the
finances of this country—a principle which it is
important the Senate should sustain. The princi-
ple is this: when any enterprises of this descrip-
tion are first proposed, the sum which will be
required to carry them out shall be fully and fairly
stated to us, so that we shall not be called upon
afterwards for further appropnations. We have'
been so often deceived by new schemes for explo-
rations of this character which have been slated to
us, with the recommendation that the sum demand-
ed for them would be small, and that sum stated
specifically, and we have so often found it neces-
sary to double or triple the amount, that we have
found it important and absolutely necessary to lay
down the principle that the sum first stated shall
be honestly and fairly stated, or else those who
apply for the appropriation shall abide by the con-
sequences of their own deception or neglect.
Now, in regaid to this matter, important as it
may be—and by the statement of my friend from
Maryland, it seems to be of very great importance
—I will say that I have no doubt that it appro-
i priately comes within the province of an existing
1 institution—the Smithsonian Institution. They can
do everything upon the subject that is required
by the American nation, and I would be content
with their observations and examinations of this
matter. If the bounty of the Government had been
sought m the first instance by correctly stating the
as under the authority of Congress, but without
law, and that it involved the Government in great
} expense, is all wrong. The Secretary ga\e Lieu-
j tenant Lynch the leave he asked, and approved
and encouraged the object. And, as to the expense
to the Government, the utmost that it could cost
does not exceed §800 or §1,000, and that for a boat
or two adapted to the service, and a few imple-
ments and instruments; all of which expenses are
like those incurred and paid on every voyage made
by any one of our ships of war, under the order of
its commander. Nobody, I presume, will overhaul
and object to these items. On the contrary, I think
additional compensation should be given the offi-
cers, or at least that they should be leimbursed all
their extra expenses; for, sir, the officers engaged
in the expedition necessarily incurred additional
expenses. This is the character of what has been
denounced as a magnificent exploration scheme,
got up at vast expense by the Secretary of the
Navy without law. There is one thing respecting
it which has not been exaggerated. It is the result
of the expedition, the credit due to the Secretary,
to Lieutenant Lynch, and his officers for their con-
duct. Sir, the credit of being the first to make a
scientific exploration of that interesting region—of
being the pioneers even to England and Fiance
there, is no little credit. [ trust those who ridicule
the expedition will read the report when made. It
will rebuke their injustice. I hope those who cen-
sure Mr. Mason, Lieutenant Lynch, and those
officers for undertaking the exploration, will give
would have been asked for, I should have made
no objection to granting a sufficient amount. But
1 propose now to put an end forever to this prac-
tice of parties coming here with a project and
obtaining a comparatively small sum, and then
telling us, a short time afterwards, that the appro-
priation is insufficient, and that we must grant
them still further assistance. 1 hope, therefore,
that the Senate will refuse to pass this amendment,
and thus put a stop, at once and forever, to this
pernicious practice.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
would state to the Senator from Delaware, who has
referred to the Smithsonian lustitutionastheappro-
pnate institution for carrying out this enterprise,
! that that institution, which was founded by the
! enlightened munificence of a foreigner, is a young
J institution, and is now engaged in erecting its
| buildings, and that its funds are entirely devoted
li to that object, with the exception of a very small
| amount only which can be devoted to scientific
i purposes. Hereafter it may do more; at present
; it can do but very little.
Sir, I look upon the question that is now pre-
sented to us, whether these observations shall be
| made or not, as a question that was settled at the
last session of Congiess. No inciease of appro-
priation is asked for. It has only been found that
the Navy Department have not the necessary in-
struments with which to make the desired obser-
vations. What, then, is our present condition?
We have determined to make the observations.
em all the credit for what they have done, and j' We have made an appropriation for the purpose,
not heieafter seek to rob them of that also. Their |] and tf no additional appropriation be granted for
account of their explorations, when published, will |, purchasing the necessary instruments, the navy
-fj" _ wnh,avldl5y in every quarter of the world, )j must go on with imperfect instruments, to make
imperfect observations, which will be discreditable
and as much in Connecticut as anywhere elsei
The Senator [Mr. Niles] will find satisfaction in
reading it.
instead of honorable to American science. Will
you recall the appropriation already made? Will
