1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
you abandon the whole enterprise? Will you
prevent the observations being made? If not,
allow them to be done in a proper and creditable
manner. Let the necessary appropriation be made
to purchase the requisite instruments. Sir, it is
not every year that an appropriation will be re-
quired. It is not every year that these observa-
tions can be made. I believe it was in 1760 that
the last conjunction of Venus occurred. It was
necessary to science and navigation that the obser-
vations should be then made. Seventy or eighty
years of the present century will have rolled away
befote another opportunity for taking these obser-
vations will be presented.
Nor was this the hasty action of Congress of the
last session. It was lesolved upon after being de-
liberately weighed and reviewed by all the scien-
tific societies of Europe, as well as of this country.
Jt has received the favorable consideration of the
astronomical societies in London and Berlin, as of
our own societies in Boston and Philadelphia.
Already we have been complimented for this ex-
pedition; and shall we now, for the poor and paltry
sum of six thousand and four hundred dollars,
abandon an expedition which we have undertaken
for the benefit of navigation? We have contrib-
uted too little in times past to science. The Nau-
tical Almanac of England has been used in our
navy. It is time we did something for ourselves
in this respect.
Nor is this so unimportant an enterprise as has
been so facetiously stated by the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Niles.] The distance
of the sun from the earth is the great basis of all
astronomical calculations; and here we are pre-
sented with a proper occasion—and it is an oppor-
tunity which seldom presents itself—for determining
that distance more accurately than lias been hith-
erto done. By connecting the observations made
at the Observatory at Washington with those made
at Chili, and thus establishing a base at Washing-
tonjConneeting it with the result of the observations
at the Cape of Good Hope, we shall have the two
sides of a great triangle, which will furnish us the
means of determining more accurately than has
been determined in any time past the essential
distance of the sun from the earth.
But, sir, we stand committed in another point of
view. The action of the American Congress in
relation to this important matter has been noticed
by the Government of Chili, and they have made
preparations for the reception of our nautical bri-
gade. It would be but a poor act to send the brigade
down there without the instruments by which alone
the necessary observations can be made, and it
would be a poorer act still to abandon the project
entirely.
I do not think that the purchase of these instru-
ments will cause any loss to the treasury. They
will be necessary to the navy hereafter, and if
they should not, they can be sold at their full value
in Chili, as the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] has observed. The Chilian Government
has in contemplation the establishment of a na-
tional observatory, and would consider it a favor
to be allowed to purchase these instruments.
From all these considerations, as well as from
the fact that it is not now a question for us to
decide whether we will make the observations or
not—that having been passed upon at the last ses-
sion of Congress—I hope this amendment will pass.
Mr. ATHERTON. I did not design to be un-
derstood as opposing the appropriation, but merely
as concurring in the general scope and tenor of the
remarks of the Senator from Vermont, in refer-
ence to applications accompanied by estimates pur-
porting to cover the whole expense to be incurred,
and afterwards additional appropriations being
asked for. I consider it unfortunate that it should
happen in this case; nevertheless, I shall vote for
the appropriation. And I think it my duty to say,
in regard to the Secretary of the Navy, that he is
not responsible for the origination of this project.
As has been suggested here, the proposition was
first made in the House of Representatives, and
after a full and elaborate discussion this clause was
introduced in the naval appropriation bill, and the
item was made a part of the expenses of our navy,
it being determined that a naval officer should be
sent out to make these observations, which are
deemed so important to the interests of navigation.
Mr. YULEE. The proposition originated in
the House of Representatives, and not in the de-
partment.
Mr. ATHERTON. Exactly; that is what I
was saying. It was asserted in some of the news-
papers, and perhaps in argument in the course of
the debate which took place on the subject, that
the instruments now in the possession of the Gov-
ernment would be sufficient. I cannot agree, how-
ever, with the Senator from Delaware that the
supposed smallness of the expense was the reason
for organizing the expedition. That .was not the
reason. The real reason was the importance of
the observations for the furtheiance of science, as
connected with the purposes of navigation. The
smallness of the expense might have been alluded
to as an inducement, to be sure; but my impres-
sion is, that the expedition would have been au-
thorized had the cost been double what it was
supposed to be. Had the expense of the instru-
ments been included in the estimate of the cost of
the expedition, such was considered to be its im-
portance that I have no doubt it would have been
authorized. It appears that the exigencies of the
public service have withdrawn the instruments
that were expected to be used, and this appropria-
tion is now asked for the purchase of others; and
certainly it seems to me, that if the expedition is
to go on, it is highly important, as legards its
fruits and as regards the honor of the service, that
proper instruments should not he wanting. I
shall, therefore, vote for the amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON". The reason of the additional
appropriation being required is as stated by the
Senator from New Hampshire. There is no blame
whatever to be imputed to the Secretary of the
Navy. He was deceived undoubtedly; he was
told, he says, that five thousand dollars would be
enough, and upon the strength of that he made
the recommendation. Now he is told that as
much more is wanted.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to give expression to min-
gled sentiments of surprise and regret—surprise
and regret both mingled and duplicated. Two
honorable Senators, one of them from the State of
Connecticut, [Mr. Niles,] and the other from the
State of Delaware, [Mr. Clayton*,] without con-
cert or intentional cooperation, have equally con-
tributed to awaken this complex state of feeling; m
my bosom. The first of these gentlemen [Mr.
Niles] formally announces himself to the Seriate
as a shict consti uttiunist—the stiiuest and straitest
of all who belong to the gieat strict construction
party of the Union; and assutes us that he cannot
vote for this bill, because, as a consistent politi-
cian, he feels bound in conscience to dcclare his
solemn and deliberate conviction that Congress
has no constitutional power to pass it. Well, sir,
I am heartily rejoiced to hear that my venerable
friend from Connecticut has at last resolved, after
so long and unprofitable a course of wearisome
wandering along the grim and perilous pathways
of latitudirious mterpietation, to leturn once moie
to the paternal democratic mansion, within whose
portals his countenance was once so familiar, and
to whose inmates his voice was once full of cheer-
ing and instruction. His return, though, to our
midst, being wholly unexpected, has startled us
not a little; and if we have not been able to kill
the fatted calf, and to arrange in other respects for
a festive reception of our errant brother, I trust he
will take no offence, but charge all that may look
like a lukewarm hospitality on oui part to his own
failure in notifying us that he was coming back to
our midst on this particular occasion.
The opposition presented to this bill by the
Senator fiom Delaware, also, is peculiarly gratify-
ing, though certainly altogether unexpected like-
wise, because there is something in that Senator's
particular attitude before the country at the present
tune—his supposed relations with a distinguished
personage whose presence here is to be expected
shortly; there is something, too, in the very formal
and emphatic manner adopted by the Senator on
this occasion, w hich seems pretty distinctly to in-
timate that the Administration which will com-
mence its course on the 4th of March next, is,
after all the fears heietofore entertained by many,
and predictions indulged to the contrary, to come
forward boldly and nobly as a regular, zealous,
thoroughgoing, strict-construction, democratic Ad-
ministration. I congratulate the Senator upon the
change in regard to the powers of the Government
which his own views have recently undergone;
and I do still more heartily congratulate the coun-
try upon the prospect which is so graciously open-
ing upon us, that this democratic Administration
now closing, which came into power upon well-
known political pledges, every one of which it has
most faithfully and gloriously redeemed, is about
to be succeeded by another Administration, attain-
ing the seats of authority without a single political
pledge which is capable of being distinctly speci-
fied, but which, thus early, through authorized
spokesmen, is spontaneously assuming for itselka
truly democratic front and bearing, and becoming*
responsible for democratic opinions and sentiments
which might almost justify us in exclaiming, as I
hope we will have more right to exclaim after a
while, "Truly a new sun has arisen upon mid-
noon."
Mr. BADGER. The proposition for autho-
rizing this expedition, I undeistand, originated m
the other House; it did not come from the depart-
ment. The House appropriated a sum, which
they thought, from such information as they had,
was sufficient to accomplish the purpose they had
in view. It turns out, however, that it is not suffi-
cient; that there was a mistake in the estimate as
to the amount of the cost, for which mistake no
person in the Executive offices appears to be to
blame. There is no fault, as far as 1 see, any-
where; but if there be, it certainly does not rest
with any Executive officer of the Government. It
seems to me, then, that the only question for us
to consider is, whether we will follow up and per-
fect an undertaking which is deemed by Congress
to be important. I can only say that it seems to
me that, under the circumstances, we ought to
make the appropriation. And therefore I shall
vote for it.
Mr. NILES. The main question is, whether
the object is a legitimate, a ughtful one or not.
Some Senators say it is to facilitate navigation, but
they do not tell us how; they all tell us, however,
that it is to promote the great interests of science,
and that is all. Now, I cannot see the necessity
as regards any practical purpose for such astro-
nomical accuracy as it appears to be the purpose
of this expedition to attain. However important
it may be to the science of astronomy, I apprehend
we can get along without it; and acting as I always
have upon the principles of strict construction, I
cannot sanction the proposition that Congress
shall enter into any enterprise of this kind, for the
ascertainment of unsettled points in the science of
astronomy. My friend from Mississippi,! appre-
hend, has not observed my course so closely as I
have obseived his The Senator, 1 believe, goes
occasionally a good way outside of the Constitu-
tion. If I mistake not, he was willing a year or
two ago to swallow all Mexico, and subsequently
he favored the project of swallowing it piece-meal.
I could not go with him in that; and I could not
even swallow these alternate sections winch he was
desirous of cramming down my throat, taking half
and leaving half. The Senator lias not been here
quite so long as I have, but, during the time he
has been here, I must say I have always found him
steadfast in one thing; that is, in his opposition to
the principles of free soil.
Mr. FOOTE. It wou'd not be treating the Sen-
ator from Connecticut respectfully did 1 decline
responding to what he has spoken with so much,
more than his usual animation. The Senator
seems to suppose that I have not been herctofoie
a close and interested observer of him and his
movements, and, therefore, more than insinuates
that I can know but little of him, his acts, and his
attributes. The Senator has indeed committed a
grave error on this subject, sir. Since I attained
the age of manhood and became a reader of
newspapers, I have been a diligent observer of the
honorable gentleman, and have taken particular
delight in studying his temper and character, and
m making myself a little familiar with his multi-
plied and multicolored actings and doings as a
public man; and I flatter myself that whilst I have
found this occupation of studying the honorable
gentleman's life and character not a little recreating
to my feelings, I have not entirely failed to derive
instruction also from the survey of moral linea-
ments not often found thus associated, and from
the calm exploration of certain curious motives
and action seldom to be found developed m similar
proportions, and producing, under different cir-
cumstances, such variant and opposite results.
Sir, the honorable Senator has never delivered
a speech here, or given a vote on any occasion of
moment, which I have not seriously consideied,
and either condemned or approved. lie has been
