236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
long known to me, not only as one of our leading
statesmen, but also as an extensive contributor to
our historical literature. Sir, it is because I have
thus made the honorable Senator h sub ject of scru-
tiny, that I am able to assure him that he never
made a greater mistake in his life, than when he
undertook just now in our hearing to set himself
forth to the view of the American public as a
strict-construction Democratic statesman. Why,
sir, has the honorable Senator forgotten, or does
he hope that we have forgotten, that, pi'ofessedly :
a Democrat and strict-construer of the Federal
Constitution, he has always been known as the
advocate of a high protective tariff? Does he not
assert now that the Federal Government has un-
limited power to legislate on the subject of slavery
in the Territories of the Union? Why, sir, I could
go on enumerating measures almost without num- ;j
ber, eminently consolidate in their tendency, \\
which no other avowed strict-constructionist iri jj
the Union,save thegentleman himself, ever thought i;
of sanctioning, but which have been approved and
advocated by him with all the Zealand efficiency i
of winch he is capable. But I forbear; it would j
be too severely tasking the patience of the Senate
to run into detail upon a subject concerning which j
none who hear me can by possibility be ignorant. |
But the Senator accuses me of having given j
some anti-democratic votes here, and of having I
also delivered anti-democratic speeches in this j
Hall. Happily for me, he confines himself to a j
single specification: and that is an amusing one, :
indeed. He says that I dared to declare here, not
many months ago, that this Government had full I
constitutional power to extend the authority of the )
Confederacy over all Mexico. Did that Senator ]
ever undertake to deny that the Government had i
full power to prosecute the Mexican war to an j
honorable conclusion? Did he ever doubt, did he '
ever presume to deny, that we had a right to obtain !
territorial indemnity for injuries received at the !
hands of that Power? Will he now risk himself i
befoie the countiy so far as to assert that territory :
may not be legitimately acquired by war, or that (
it may not be as legitimately acquired by treaty? |
The honorable gentleman dares not assume posi- ,
tions so absurd as all these would be. Then the |
honorable gentleman and myself do not differ at I
all in regard to the power of the Government to |
acquire foreign territory either by war or treaty. ;
The question on winch we differ is one of expe- :
dimcy merely. He did not desire any additional !
territory; I was in favor of acquiring enough to !
secure 44 indemnity for the past and security for |
the future." f wished to extend our territorial ;
domain to the Pacific; I desired to acquire Cali- j
forma and New Mexico. I was not opposed to [
acquiring all of Mexico north of the Sierra Madre. '
i did not even dread any ill cflects from our ob- !
taining all Mexico down to the isthmus of Te-
huantepec, m the event of the conquest of the whole '
country being necessary to the successful pros- ;
ecution of the war. 1 took the liberty of asserting I
my opinion to be, as it yet is, that our political
institutions are of a nature to derive additional
vigor and solidity from their expansion over a
widely-extended tenitorial surface. I said, with
Mr. Jefferson, and \ yet say, that our racc is, in my ,
judgment, destined to take possession of the whole
of America, and to exercise a profitable control '
over all this wide domain. I said, and I still j
nay, that it is my wish that we may hereafter 1
peaceably, constitutionally, and with no unneces- .
sary delay, obtain possession and enjoyment of;
all Mexico, 8nd Cuba into the bargain. I am not 1
ashamed of having thus declared" myself; and 1
admonish that Senator, and all who concur with ,
hini in opposing territorial extension, that the i
American people have made up their minds on this ;
subject in favor of increased territory. % The day ,
is not far distant when those who opposed the j
acquisition of California and New Mexico will be ;
classed with those who opposed the acquisition of
Louisiana. The day is coming, and is almost at
hand, when men who undertake to uphold such
narrow and contracted views as those which some ;
of us heard announced a few months ago in this
Hall, in opposition to the acquisition of new terri-
tory, will be either laughed at or treated with con-
tempt. The day is not far distant, strange as it
may seem to some ears here, when a wise and '
sagacious people will unanimously de.mand that all
peaceful, just, constitutional, and efficient expedients '■
shall be employed by the Goveemomt in order to ob- '
tain Canada and Cxtba too—Canada, acknowledged
by leading English statesmen to he but a grievous
burden to the British empire: Cuba, that most beau- j
tiful of all the islands which bespangle the surface I
of the ocean, fertile as she is in all which we, as a :
people, need either for comfort or luxury—indis- j
pensable to our maritime ascendency—important ]
to our territorial strength and safety—manifestly !
designed by Divine Providence to be an appendage j
and an ornament to the grand continent which we
occupy, and to be a precious heritage and a bound-
less blessing to our posterity for ever. Perhaps
before 1 conclude these very hasty remarks into
which I have been in some degree surprised by the
fierce attack made upon me by the Senator from
Connecticut, it would be well for me to explain a
few words uttered upon the spur of the moment,
in this Hall, a few days since, and which have
been to some extent misrepresented by some of jj
those who supply the public journals with Con- ;j
gressional intelligence. 1 find I am reported in
several newspapers as declaring, in positive Ian- '!
guage, that I knew General Taylor to be in favor jj
of acquiring Cuba. I never used such language. ,j
I said this precisely: that I had heard it asserted jj
by respectable persons that they knew General !
Taylor to be in favor of acquiring Cuba, and that j
1 belived such to be the fact. 1 will now go fur- j
ther, and say, that if he is not in favor of acqui- j
ring Cuba, he, in my judgment, certainly differs |
with at least nine-tenths of his countrymen; and if j
he had been supposed hostile to the acquisition of j
Cuba during the late Presidental contest, two-thirds j
of those who voted for him would, I believe, have [
refused him their support. !
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to make a single state- j
ment in relation to the facts connected with this j
appropriation. The present proposition is op- J
posed upon grounds the general justness of which i
I readily admit; namely, that it has become too j
frequent to commence an enterprise asking a ;
small appropriation, and afterwards increasing the ,
demand to a very large amount, while, from all ,
[ the circumstances of the case, it must have been ,
known that more would be required than was at ,
first asked. But on this occasion the deficiency ;
appears to have arisen entirely from an error, for
which there is no blame to be attached to any per-
son. All agree—and very properly—in exempt-
ing the Secretary of the Navy; the project was
not of his originating. It came from an accom-
plished and excellent young officer, Lieutenant
Gilliss, whose estimate would have been correct,
j and there would have been no necessity for cre-
: atmg a fund for the purchase of these instruments,
but for the fact that those instruments which he
j expectcd would be made use of in the taking of
, the proposed observations have been sent to Cali-
; forma, for the purpose of making experiments
there. The enterprise has been undertaken by
this Government, and the question now is, whether
, it shall be further conducted ? I have no hesitation
, in saying that I think the Government ought to
: execute the work at the expense of the United
States, and to furnish proper, instruments to en-
, able a work so important to science to be executed
! in a creditable manner.
! Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to ask the honorable
j Senator whether the Smithsonian Institution has
; not already ordered this instrument?
j Mr. HUNTER. 1 am so informed by a mem-
j ber of the House of Representatives, a gentleman
j who takes a deep interest in the matter. He tells
: me that they have imported the instrument.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am then to understand that
: they have ordered and imported the instrument.
; Mr. PEARCE. The gentleman is mistaken.
1 The instrument has not been imported.
| Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to know whether they
1 have ordered or made a contract fur an instru-
ment.
Mr. PEARCE. They have made a contract
, for one.
Mr. CLAYTON. Have fhey ordered or con-
tracted for all the necessary instruments?
Mr. PEARCE. They Lave contracted for one
only.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, by yeas and nays, with the following re-
, suit:
1 YEAS—Messrs. Atclii«on, Atherton, Badger, Baldwin,
Boll. Beirifn, Borland, Bradlmry, Builcr, Calhoun,
Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Mississippi. Davtori, Dickinson,
■ Dix, Podge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Jowa, Douglas, Felcli, j
Fitzgerald, Foote, Hunter, Johnsoji of Louisiana, Johnson !
ofGeotgici/fJones, Mason, Metralfi*, Miller, Pcarce, Rusk
Spi unru'P, Srura ;on, Underwood, and WV^toott—35. '
NAYS—jVffssr-*. Denton. Bright, Clayton, Davis of Mag.
saoliu*Ptt«, Fitzpatnck, Ndes, Phelpp, Turney, Walker
and Yuiee—10. '
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then reported as amended, the
amendments were concurred in, and the bill was
read a third time and passed.
CALIFORNIA LANDS.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the previous orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the bill for ascertaining claims and titles of
land within the territory of California and New
Mexico, to grant donation rights, and to provide
for the survey of the lands therein.
The bill being; before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole—
LAND TITLES IN THE NEW TERRITORIES.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for ascer-
taining titles to land in California and New Mex-
ico, for grantingdonation rights, and providing for
the survey of lands therein.
Mr. BREESE. My object in calling up the bill
at the present moment was, that we might make
some progress with it, in order that it may come
up to-morrow, and be proceeded with from day to
day until we reach a final conclusion. It is a bill
of very great importance. It will be seen that it
proposes to follow, in the adjustment of the«e land
claims, the course that was pursued in reference
to such claims in Louisiana and Florida, after the
acquisition of thoseTerritories, and which has been
pursued ever since; that is, to appoint commission-
ers for adjusting claims under certain restrictions,
and also for ascertaining the extent of the public
domain, which can only be done by fiist ascertain-
ing the extent of private claims by means of com-
missioners, or in some other mode that may be
! suggested, and which may be considered better
adapted to the peculiarities of that country. I have
called the attention of the Senate to the subject now
principally in order that the Senator from Missouri
I may propose the amendment which he designs to
I offer, that it may be printed and be ready to be
! taken up for consideration as unfinished business
! to-morrow.
1 Mr. BENTON. The committee which reported
1 this bill, for ascertaining the land titles in New
j Mexico and California, has, as the chairman has
j stated, followed the form which was adopted at
i the time of the investigation of such titles in Lou-
i isiana. They have taken the same mode of pro-
! cceding which was adopted then; and in doing so
they have done perhaps the only thing which was
proper for them to do. Without some action of
the Senate, without some suggestion, it might not
have been expected of the committee to bring in a
plan diffeient from that which has been followed
heretofore. I, however, who was contemporary
with that plan, and under it, and saw its opera-
tion, am of opinion that it was very injudicious
with respect to Louisiana and the other acquisi-
tions which we made; that it was an injudicious
mode, leading to delay, expense, disturbances of
possession and of titles, and settling scarcely any-
thing. Hardly had the system begun, when every-
body saw the faults resulting from it, and plans
immediately began to be devised for settling the
same claims definitively, and on the plan upon
which the parties had a right to have them settled,
according to treaties and the laws of nations.
Scarcely had the system begun to operate, when
it was seen that it was necessary to have some
other mode of proceeding, and as far back, I know,
as the time when Mr. Crawford was Secretary of
the Treasury, the House of Representatives di-
rected, by resolution, that he should devise a plan
for carrying those titles before the Judiciary, where
they could be definitively settled. Finally, after
worrying in the State of Missouri for about twenty
years, examinations were had, by which many of
them were settled; but still the Judiciary was
cramped; and after worrying Congress, after wear-
ing out the claimants, after destroying the property
of many claimants, at last bills began to be granted
for giving trials on the only ground on which such
claims ought to be decided-—trials by the Judiciary,
and under treaties and the laws of nations. A few
cases were carried into the Supreme Court of the
United States undera law to that effect; and when-
ever that was done, they have been settled, and
settled forever, and in the only way which could
