1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
237
be either decisive of the question or satisfactory to
those who were interested.
I now propose, Mr. President, to bring in a
substitute for the whole foimer plan, which, in my
opinion, has operated so onerously upon the peo-
ple of the Territories; and in making this declara-
tion, I wish the Senators and Representatives of
the Slates which weie formerly a part of the gieat
province of Louisiana, and also Florida, to recol-
lect, for the purpose of giving us the benefit of
their experience when the question oomes up—to
recollect, I say, the hardships, the delay, the ex-
pense, and absolute ruin to an immense number
of families, which was occasioncd by the mode
that was then followed, and which is now pro-
posed to be again adopted. I shall offer as a
substitute—with a motion to have it sent to the
Committee on the Public Lands, for the purpose
of being by them considered, after having heard
an exposition of it heie—a counter-plan which I
have drawn up, for carrying these titles to the
Judiciary at once, with full powers, under the
treaty, the laws of nations, and under the decis-
ions ot the Supreme Court of the United States,
to finish everything, as I think, and save Con-
gress from being importuned for fifty years to
come with respect to California land titles, as they
have been importuned for forty years past, on
account of titles which grew and are still growing
up in Louisiana. It will prevent all this. And
■when I present this plan, sir, I wis!) to make an
exposition of it to the Senate, for the purpose of
showing the evils of the old system, and the ad-
vantages of the one which I recommend; and, after
makmgthis exposition to theSenate, I desire that it
shall go to the committee. It is too late this evening
to go into the exposition, and I should like, in the
mean time, m order that there may be no unneces-
sary delay, that the paper which I am about to
submit should be printed.
I now submit the counter-proposition, and move
that it he printed, and that the further consider-
ation of the bill be postponed until to-morrow:
X''irst. For the appointment of a lecorderot land titles,
who shall have the custody of all the public ai chives in re-
lation to the dis.posiii.ui ot fiie public lands, and thai! lecoi d
all the giants and claims that shall be (hoovered or made
known to him, and sh.dl make two ;il -ttact- of the srunej
one to be tiansiwtted to the Gcrieud Laud Office in Wash-
ington, the other to be deliveied to the Surveyor G.*neial of
California, that he may lay down the giants and claim* un
a map. to be retainer! in hi-and ot wliu h map a copy
to be transmitted to the Coin lai Land Ofth-e, and another to
be filed with the recoider ot hind utles in California. I
Scco.ui. To piovide lor th«* aaemtaimrientot invalid giants |
Or po<se>sion>, h\ outhorizmy: a scire Jonas to be i>Mied fiorn
the United States district court a<ram*t the party ui pos-oes-
eion to come in and hear the objections to his olimn, and to
show oau-e why l lie tyrant should not he annulled, or the
pos.-et.sion vacated in evt ty c.*-e in whieli the lecorderof
land title?, upon consultation with the district attorney, or
by oiders tiom the Onicrul Land Ofiiee, i-ha!! he so m-
Etiucted, shall be of opinion that the same is not valid uudet
the tieaty with Mexico, the law of nations, ami the deeis-ion
ot the Supreme Court ot the United States—the decision oi
the district comt to bp final it ny.nii-tthe United Status, m
all cases where the land in quotion .-diall be worth less than
five thousand dollars. Hue no j.veblo or lanchena Indians
to be diftmbed in their [x^sct-sions without special orders
from the Geneial Government
Thiid. To ptovul'1 foi the appointment of a purveyor gen-
eral and for the establishment ot three land offices.
Fourth To provide for donation* of hind to actual pettier#*,
heads ot families, widow*, and Mngle men over eighteen
ye,us of aire, and an allowance or 1-unl for children under
eighteen yeais ot aire, and for the wife in her own ii«ht, ac-
cording to the provisions ot the bill pioposinsr donations to
Bettleis in Oregon, which passed the Senate Jauuaiy3,l&3
Fijth. To piovide foi pie^eiving order in woiking gold
mine«, bv appointing an agent to ;.nant permit^ tor working
small lot-., and settling summanlv and on the -pot all ques-
tion*. of bound,u> or mterferenc e among the diuur't*; the said
permits to continue in fotce while th - lot is uotked by the
person receiving it, and to be limited 10 feet square.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow, and the motion to print
was agreed to.
COMMODORE HIDGELY.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, a message was
ordered to be sent to the House of Representatives,
requesting the return of the act directing the mode
of settling the claim of Charles G. Ridgely, re-
jected yesterday.
Mr. CLARKE then moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill had been rejected; which
motion lies over.
COMMISSIONER OF PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of the bdl
to continue the office of Commissioner of Pen-
sions.
The bill having- been read— j
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked the chairman of the \
committee who repoited the bill for information as j
to the necessity for the continuance of the office. |
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. The judgment
of the Committee on Pensions in relation to this
matter I will explain very briefly.
The object of this bill is to continue the office of
the Commissioner of Pensions, which has in effect
become a permanent office. Business is constantly
accumulating, and biils are being presented and
passed here day by day requiring the performance
of the duty of a commissioner, and which busi-
ness will probably render the continuance of the
officer necessary for years to come. The bill
comes to us recommended by the department.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
was subsequently read a third time by unanimous
consent, and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, asked the Senate
to indulge him by taking up out of its order the
bill for the lelief of Nehemiah Brush.
Mr. D. said he had examined the claim with
some care, and had reported the bill at the last
session of Congress. It was a bill founded in
strict justice—that of an old man afflicted with the
palsy, who was in extremely indigent circum-
stances. He did not suppose that the bill would
lead to any debate, and he would therefore move
that it be considered.
The motion having been agreed to—
The bill was then considered in Committee of
the Whole; and, no amendment having been of-
fored^itwas reported to the Senate, and ordered
to a third reading, and was subsequently read a
third time, by unanimous consent, and passed.
On motion by Mr. DICKINSON, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the
consideration of the bill for the relief of Mrs,
Anne W. Angus; when, no amendment being
made thereto, it was repoited to the Senate, or-
dered to a third reading, was read a third time, and
passed.
On motion by Mr. FOOTE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Samuel F. Butterworth.
Mr. TURNEY. I do not think, Mr. President,
judging from its present aspect, that this claim
should be allowed. This draft, for which we are
asked to pay a second time, was drawn by Mr.
Stark, who, upon the records of the department,
appears to have always been recognized as a mem*-
her of the firm with whom the contract was made; j
and unless nn official transfci had been made upon
the books of Mr. Stark's interest in that contract-
it appears to me the department was bound to rec-
ognize him as one of the firm. They were bound
to look to Mr. Stark as one of the contractors, as
liable in part for the performance of the contract,
and as one to whom payment of money should be
made. It does seem to me that in this case the
Government ought not to pay twice, and that the ;
Auditor has taken a legal view of the subject; and
I should like to see something to justify the con- \
elusion arrived at by the committee that he should
pay it the sccond time. It should appear upon the i
records of the department that the transfer said to j
have been made by Stark was made, to justify such 1
payment. I cannot vote for the bill without fur-
ther explanation. ■
; Mr. NILES. This case is somewhat a comph-
! cated one, perhaps; but, if theSenate will giveme
i their attention, I will endeavor to state the points
j of it as I understand them. Two individuals,
; named Stark and Butterworth, entered into a con-
j tract to carry the Government mail. Whilst en-
i gaged m that undertaking jointly, there seems to
• have been some misunderstanding between them
! m relation to the matter, and they requested of the
department that they should be paid for their ser-
vices separately* This was done in one or two
instances to Stark, though it does not appear that
Butterworth was aware ot the fact. After this,
Stark sold out his whole interest in the contract to
Butterworth—the contract still remaining m the
name of the firm. Butterwoith proposed to Stark
that the transfer of the contract wholly into his
hands should be made officially by the department;
but, from the facts m the case, this does not ap-
pear to have been done. A notice, soon after this
transfer was made, was sent by the firm to the
Auditor of the Treasury, telling him that there-
after no payment was to be made for anything
that might come due, to either of the individual
names of the firm, but exclusively to the name of
Stark and Butterworth. After this notice had been
given, the draft in question was drawn by Staik
m his own name—not the name of the firm—for
twenty-eightjiundred dollars; presented to Colonel
Gardner, the Auditor, and duly accepted by him.
Before this draft was honored, in the nature of a
protested draft it went into the hands of a man
named —, and, after remaining in his hands
for about two years, it was finally given to a Mr.
Whiitiesey.
The draft was drawn, then, by a man who, it
appears from all the circumstances in the case, had
no right to draw in Ins own individual name.
Looking at this case, as it comes under the gen-
eral law, it may be asked, what drafts ought to be
honored ? Certainly only those that are drawn in
the name upon which the account for services ren-
dered is made upon the book of the department.
The parties themselves may make different arrange-
ments for the transmission of the money due, and
the department may honor the drafts in accordance
with those arrangements; nevertheless they should
be officially recorded upon the books of the depart-
ment. The department may honoi diafis drawn
in individual names, but they should, as a rule, be
guided by the record upon the books of the name
of the individual or firm with which the contract
was made. In this case there was not only the
general obligation arising from the contract exist-
ing in the name of the two paities, requiring the
department to pay drafts drawn in that name, but
there was special notice given to the department
not to pay drafts drawn in any other name.
About three months after this notice,as I before
stated, this draft was drawn by one of the contract-
ing parties, who in fact had no interest in the con-
tract whatever, having sold out his iritciast. It ap-
pears to mc that the case is a very plain one, though
it is hard for the Government, to be sure, to pay the
money twice. The only point at issue is, whether
the action of the Auditor, endorsed by the Comp-
troller, should be binding upon the Government.
We have gone further, however, than this at prior
sessions. We have paid in cases where the claim
was obtaimed under a judgment, after that judg-
ment was withdrawn.
For the action of the accounting officers Con-
gress may not be responsible, but it would be hard
for them to suffer, especially as they honored the
draft with the honest cotmcuon that it was cor-
rect. In mailers of this kind they should pay only
those drafts that are presented m the name of the
contracting parties, as that name is entered on the
records of the department.
Mr. TURNEY. The Senator from Connecticut
speaks of a period when these parties were paid
separately, and also of a notice having been sent
to the department not to pay any drafts made in
the individual murie of either ot the contracting
parties. Now, I should like to know whether, in
accoidance with that notice, any official transfer
was made upon the books of the department sta-
ting that the whole contract was in the hands of
Butterworth, or whether it was a mere letter writ-
ten by this gentleman, who claims to be an as-
signee, requesting the department not to pay the
^ money to the individual contractors?
i Mr. NILIiS. The contract had not been trans-
! ferred on the books of the department, as I before
i stated. It stood in the name of Stark & Butter-
worth, as it always had stood on the books. It is
not well to acknowledge the allowance of this claim
as a general principle; the payment of the draft of
course should have been made to the names of the
contracting parties, as they were recorded.
Mr. FOOTE. I would not have called up this
matter had I not been thoroughly peisuaded that no
debate upon it would arise. It has been rigidly ex-
amined by the committee, and I did think that the
expression of their opinion in the report would
have been satisfactory to the Senate, it is not often
that I trouble the Senate with calling up private
bills, and I do trust gentlemen will allow this bill
to pass. However, if objection is to be made to
its passage, 1 shall feel bound to move it be infor-
mally postponed.
Objection being made, the bill was passed over
informally.
On motion, it was ordered, that when the Sen-
ate adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
