240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12.
nois to be so good as to state what provision of the
laws of Missouri it was which established the
right of property in slaves.
Mr. TURNER said he would answer the gen-
tleman. The State of Missouri was formed out
of a portion of that territory which we had pur-
chased from France. At the time of, and previous
to, the purchase by the United States, slavery ex-
isted in that territory by the laws which were in
force there. By the treaty of acquisition, it was
expressly stipulated that the laws of that territory
•which were then in force, and which did not con-
flict with the Constitution of the United States,
should remain in force. Under that law^the insti-
tution of slavery had been continued in that State.
Mr. HALL would ask the gentleman, then, by
What law it was that slavery existed in Virginia'
Virginia was not formerly a part of France.
Mr. TURNliR said, the same question had been
suggested by a gentleman near him, in a private
manner, which was now addressed publicly to
him; and he would answer it.
Under the colonial laws—the laws which were
in force in this country in its early history-—sla-
very had been established here. It had been
brought here under the English law, which recog-
nized it. No point of national law was better set-
tled than that a colony, going out from the mother
country into a wild territory, carried with them
the laws of the country from winch they emi-
grated.
The question had been distinctly asked him, by
what law slavery exif-ted in Virginia? It was not
requisite for him to go back to the origin of the
institution of slavery in England, and thence to
the United States, or rather to Spain, where the
St. James's colony came fiom. He need not, lie
repeated, go back' to the institution of slavery to
answer that question. It was a fact that slavery
existed in the colonies. It was a fact that when
Vnginia entered into the Confederacy of States,
she entered it with the institution of slavery.
And he would now cite a parallel case. The
constitutions of several States of the Union recog-
nized the right of propeityin slaves. The con-
stitutions and laws of several of the States did not
recognize it. And when a slave went from a slave
State to a free State, the Government of the Uni-
ted States by process could not pursue him. Sup-
pose a case, for example, in Massachusetts:
suppose a public river lying within the State of
Massachusetts: no individual had any right of
property in the water of that river. Of that there
was no doubt. But by the municipal laws, or by
on act of incorporation of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts, the right to use the water was conferred
upon a company or an individual. If the process
of" the courts was taken into Massachusetts, it
could levy upon that incorpoieal hereditament; it
could levy by the right acquiied under the muni-
cipal act of Massachusetts granting the right to
use that water. Cut, notwithstanding this fact,
t'lere was no gentleman here who would rise and
s.iy that the C"n.-;tuution of the United States
recognized the right of property in the waters of !
public rivers; they were property only so far as j
they were made so by statute laws. j
The right of that property being acquired by the j
municipal law, it was a parallel case. That prop- I
erty could not exist without an act of legislation
on the part of Massachusetts, nor could slavery
exist without positive enactments 111 tlie State
where it belonged.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, inquired if the gen-
tleman would permit him to ask a question? i
Mr. TURNER. Certainly. 1
Mr. JONES. I desire to ask the gentleman,
whether he knows of any country—of any civil-
ized community since the days of Adam—in which
slavery has not existed where it was not prohibited
by law ; In other words, has not slavery existed
in every civilized community, of which we have
any account, in which it was not prohibited by spe-
cial enactment; and it'it did not now exist? And |
whether, if it was not for special prohibition in :
the Stite which the gentleman in part represented i
(Illinois,) and other free States, gentlemen could I
not take^slaves^there and hold them as property' I
Mr. TURNER. The interrogatory of the gen- I
tleman leads me a little deeper into this debate i
than 1 was at first willing to go. I am not very I
iammar with the laws and regulations which i
controlled the different nations of the earth in !
th® days of Adam and Methuselah; I do not i
j| to pay for him as property, &c. But if, m the
j contemplation of the Constitution of the Umted
I States, the man Lewis was not property, then the
, basts of the reasoning of the committee was taken
j away.
j Mr. P. said that this great constitutional ques-
tion had been so fully and ably discussed m the
know whether there were slaves then, or not;
but from the time the ark rested on the summit of
Mount Ararat, I profess to havesome little knowl-
edge of the history of slavery. And I will ven-
ture the assertion that slavery, in any form, never
was tolerated in any country, from the day on
which the ark rested on that spot down to the _ _ _ vj ^
present time, where it was not established either [ debate on the bill before the House, that he did
by the bayonet—that is, by physical force—or by \ \ not propose to treat it at any length. He found
municipal law. I consider this an answer to the !| that the Constitution of the united States m those
inquiry of the gentleman.
; places in which it was understood to refer to
He had heard (Mr. T. proceeded to say) some ,j slaves, spoke of them uniformly not as property
—.    ...   j jiut ag persons, and that no case had been produced
j in which any United States court, or any court of
! any free or slave State had decided slaves to be
j property, under the Federal Constitution. Thecom-
I mittee said, that in the second section of the first ar-
I ticle of the Constitution, "ail the inhabitants of a
| 4 State are enumerated, in making us numbers for
; 4 representation and d irect taxes, except on ly 1 ndmns
| 4 not taxed, and two-fifths of the slaves, and the latter
| 4 are therefore not regarded by the Constitution as
\ 4 persons, but as property, otherwise they must
l 4 necessarily have been included in the enumera-
! 4 tion.'* But this argument, if it is good to prove
; anything, proves too much; it is what the books
of logic call a reductio ad absurdum; for if it shows
the slaves, or two-fifths ot them, not to be persona,
disquisitions here upon the subject of slavery—
that it was a natural right, or that it was not a
natural right. He should not now enter into a
discussion of that topic, because he did not wish
to prolong the debate. What he desired to say
was, that whether he voted for or against this
claim, he desired it to be understood that he did
not sanction the doctrine which had been put forth
here, that the Constitution of the United States
recognized the right of persons to property in
slaves. It had been a matter which had causcd
some conflict in his own mind, whether this case
was one which ought to receive the favorable con-
sideration of Congress. The difficulty in his mind
was this: he believed that if a slave m South Caro-
lina or Florida was taken by the enemy in any
mannev that would make the Government respon- ;j it establishes the same thing concerning " Indians
sible, he ought to be paid for; that was to say, if
a case occurred where the Government could be
held responsible to pay for any property that might
be lost—the case of the slave being a parallel case,
he ought to be paid for, because the laws of these
States made slaves property.
There was another point to which he had not
adverted. He conccded that the Constitution
recognized this right—that it recognized and se-
cured to each of the States the right to declare what
not taxed." Again: the committee say that "it
4 appears to have been insisted and admitted [in the
' Convention for framing the Constitution] that the
4 imposition of a duty or tax on the importation of
4 slaves would imply that they are property, mas-
4 much as a duty or tax is applicable to meichandise
4 and inapplicable to persons." But in some of our
ports there was a 45 tax" on alien passengers: did
that show them to be merchandise and not persons?
1 In some States there was a poll or capitation tax,
should or what should not be property within their ;■ and m many cases it was paid by one person for
limits. He would go so far, but no further. I another—by the father for his minor son: did that
The question then presented itself, Was this ij prove the young freeman of twenty to be merchan-
claim on the part of Paeheco such as ought to be p dise? Nay, in the very clause of the Constitution
paid by this Government? The history of the case jj which related to the importation of slaves, and in
seemed to be, that Lewis was hired from his mas- !| which it was provided that their importation might
ter to serve the army. If he was so hired to go j be taxed—in that very clause, they are expressly
into an enemy's country, he was hned with the !; called persons.
full knowledge on the part of his master of all the
dangers and vicissitudes to which he would be
exposed; and if he had been killed m battle, or if
he had died by sickness or from exposure, this
claim never would have been brought here. But
such was not the fact. His fate was different, and
yet it was a fate that necessarily followed the
treachery of the man himself. It seemed from the
report that there was strong ground to believe that
he had acted the part of a traitor, and that he had
betrayed the army. When he -was recovered, he
was regarded as a dangerous man; and although
In lespect to the argument of the committee, that
44 the executive department of the Governmenthad
been explicit in its recognition of the rights of
property in slaves," Mr. P. said that it would be
sufficient for him to express his nndoubtmg con-
viction that, whether in negotiations with foreign
governments the executive treaty-making power
had used, more or less deliberately and cautiously,
language which seemed to confound slaves with
property, no constitutional lawyer would for a
moment maintain that any rule of interpretation
was thus created for the judicial or legislative de-
the cuirenl belief was, that he had betrayed the J, partment of the Government.
ainiy, yet he was not hung as a traitor, but was
sent, as a dangerous individual, to the far West.
Had he shared any fate that might not have been
anticipated by the master at the time he lured him
out? He (Mr. T.) thought not. And, holding
that view of the case, he was inclined to think that
the case was not one which should commend j'self
to the favorable consideration of this Government.
Mr. T. having concluded—
Several members competed for the floor.
Mr. P. lepeated that he had not risen to enlarge
upon this point; but before passing from it, he
could not refrain from expressing his surprise at
the pertinacity with which gentlemen attached to
the institution of slaveiy maintained the doctrine
of slaves being property under the Constitution of
the United States. Did not gentlemen see what
would be the consequence of their succeeding in
the attempt to establish that doctrine? If Con-
gress and the courts should become satisfied of
<r n.uLSPliAK|E,?'/u° Mr' T1ck:vbr>) Has the :! its correctness, then not oniy would it follow that
gentleman concluded his ,emarks? i slave markets might be J up in Bogwllj New
\otk, and Philadelphia, in dchancc of the State
jurisdictions, but another thing, which they might
consider as more to be deprecated, would follow,
Mr. TURNER. Yes, sir.
The Speaker then gave the floor to—
Mr. PALFREY said that the report of the Com-
mittee on Mill tary Affairs represented the ne° ro man
Lewis as being tne property of Pacheco, taken from
him by the authority of the United States. The '
committee quoted the provision of the Constitution, '
that 44 no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, ,
or property, without due process of law; nor shall
private property be taken for public use, without '
just compensation." Again, they quoted Vattel
as saying: " When a subject, or any part of his .
4 substance, is fallen into the hands of the enemy,
4 should any fortunate event bring them again into'
4 the sovereign's power, it is cieaily incumbent on
' him to restore them to their former state; he is
4 to reestablish the persons m ali their rHits and
£ obligations, to give back the effects to their own- ;
ers, &c. The man Lewis, then, being in the
view of the committee, property, substance, effects,
the committee proceeded to argue that the circum- !'
stances werosuch as made the Umted States liable V
viz: that when there should be a sufficient major-
ity opposed to slavery in these Hails, the com-
merce in slaves between different States might be
prohibited and stopped by act of Congress. By
the constitutional action of the national Congress,
if this doctrine should prevail, slaves in the sev-
eral States nngiit be converted into serfs of the soil—
a measure involving a great improvement in their
present condition, as well as a prospect of their
speedy and complete emancipation. The great per-
manent obstacle in the way of such a measure was
that which gentlemen from the slaveholdmg coun-
try seemed so anxious to remove, vi7.: the persua-
sion in the minds of the people of the free Slates,
that slaves under the Constitution are not property,
—not, therefore, subjects of commerce: and that
accordingly they do not come within that consti-
tutional provision which authorizes Congress to
regulate commerce between the States.
