THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1849.
New Semes No. 16.
Mr. P. went on to say, that, differing entirely? i
as be did, from southern gentlemen on this con-!
stitutional question, he could not see how they ■
were to sustain the claim of Pacheco'a repre- ;
sentarive, even on their own construction. If j
I held, as they do, (said Mr. P.,) that the man ■
Lewis was property under the Constitution of the j
United States, I could not admit that, under the j
circumstances of the case as presented to the i
House, the United States are liable to Pacheco 1
or his heir for the loss of their property in the 1
man Lewis. Who sent Lewis beyond the Mis- ii
sissippi? Some person qualified to bind the Uni- i
ted States by his action m the premises, or not? j|
The committee say that General Jesup sent him. ^
But this is not entirely clear from the evidence. '!
Captain Casey and Lieutenant Reynolds depose to \ '
that fact. But possibly they Mate an erroneous ii
impression on their minds, for it is not confirmed
by General Jesup's own recollection of the circurn- !'
stance. " Whether he wa* sent to the West or ;
not, witness [General Jesup] had no means of
knowing. Witness certainly would not have sent ,
kim there" &c. Major Mcintosh, it is true,
swears that the following year he saw Lewis ;
among the Indians in Arkansas. But who sent ;
him thither? That is the question. If it is not
proved to have been General Jesup—if it may 'j
have been some subaltern—there is a fatal flaw in |
the argument of the committee—there is an end of '
the matter as far as this Government is concerned. .
But suppose it was General Jesup who sent tiie
man Lewis to the other side of the Mississippi:
what then? What responsibility would be im-J1
posed upon the Government by that act of his?
When and how did the Government constitute him >
its agent to do any such act? General Jesup gives j
his reason for refusing to surrender him to the
representative of Pacheco. It was, in short, that,
in the General's belief, the negro was an intriguing;,
treacherous, dangerous person; and Captain Casey
thought that it would be far better to pay any
price for such a man and leave him in Arkan- !
sas, or hang him, than to return him to his own- 1
ers and let him return to the borders of Finn- '
da." But when, ^ow, and where was the author- v
ity given to a major general in your army, in ;
peace or in war, to take a man, black or white, ''
bond or free, and send him out of the country, be- .
cause he believed him to be a had subject, an ugly |
fellow, a troublesome neighbor, a plotting rogue? j
Show me General Jesup's commission. Let me see
the articles of war. Point me to uny provision of
martial law, or common law, or statute law, or any
law, making1 it appear that General Jesup was
your lawful agent for any such purpose. The '
committee have correctly snid: u The proper func- j
' tionary of the Government is the sole judge of |<
* the necessity; and when, in the exercise of his I;
* official duties, private property is taken for public \\
i use, the Government is laid under instant and !'
'imperative duty to make compensation." The n
commander of your troops in Florida was not the j,
" proper functionary of the Government" for ;
such an exercise of power as that in question; J;
and as to that provision of the Constitution which
forbids that " private property be taken for public
use, without just compensation,M will any member
of this House maintain such a construction of ■ ■
these words as will make it apply to Lewis, even s
supposing that he was property? Will any gen- I1
tleman undertake to show that he was taken for
public use, when he was sent away to Arkansas, i'
to follow his own devices among the Indians ? ;
No legal principle (said Mr. P.) is better estab-
lished than that the agent has no right to bind his
principal m any matter to which the agency vested
m him does not extend. The commanding general ,
was no agent of this Government for the purpose ,
of doiog any such act as that which makes the
foundation of this claim. While Lewis remained '
in the country, after the refusal of the General to ij
deliver him to Bunce, the right of the latter, what- '1
ever it was, could have been asserted in the courts. ;
Whatever remedy there may be now, is against ;■
General Jesup, if he sent the man away. Should j!
the law hold the General responsible, it will then [J
16
| be early enough for the claim to be brought here.
| Should a memorial from that distinguished officer
; hereafter set forth that the law had exacted from
I him damages for an act which he had done be-
1 heving it to be within his official competency, and
required by the public interests, doubtless such a
I memorial would receive the very respectful con-
; sideration of Congress.
! [The above is but a general outline of Mr. P.'a
! remarks. In the course of them, he gave way,
■ and made replies to inquiries from Mr. Clingma^,
| Mr. Cabell, Mr. Rili.iard, Mr. Lahm, &c.]
: Mr. MORSE said, it was with extreme reluc-
! tance that he rose to make any observations in rela-
• tion to the vexed question which hfld so often, out
! of order, agitated this House. But the question
i of the right of property in slaves was now legiti-
i mately before the House of Representatives; and
the objection was made to indemnify citizens of the
United States for property which had been taken,
not for the use of the United States, not for the pub-
1 he use, but for property which, by the acts of the
lawful agents of the Government, had been placed
beyond the control ofits owner. Gentlemen sought,
; on the flooi of this House, to prevent this claimant
; from being indemnified for his slave which was
j sent away by the public authority, because, for-
j sooth, in the Constitution of the United States,
| slaves were not particularly designated asproperty,
and because, in that Constitution, m the provision
relative to representation, they were alluded to as
persons, and the word "slaves" had been care-
fully avoided.
But he thought he could show, upon the princi- j
pies on which "tins Government acted, as they had
been interpreted and enforced by a gentleman who .
held a high position m the "Free-soil" party,
that this Government, so far as it related to its
conduct towards foreign Governments, had treated j
slaves as property. Not many yea>-s sincc, the '
ablest argument that was ever delivered on this ■
subject had been made at the Couit of St. James,
by a distinguished ex-President of the United ■
States, Mr. Van Buren; and if gentlemen would
look into that argument, they would see that Mr. .
Van Buren claimed indemnity for property in |
slaves that had been refused to be delivered up i*> ;
the Island of Nassau by the agent of the EngliNh '
Government, and that lie insisted, in language as !
strong as had ever been used in diplomatic inter- •
course, by our representative of the United States ,
Government—ay, and insisted successfully, too— '
for £100,000; that was, -£100per capita had been paid !
by the English Government for the negroes, great
and small, which that Government did not liberate,
but which refused to allow coercive measures to
be used by a captain of a vessel in order to take
that property. This argument of Mr. Van Buren .
would be found to be unanswerable, and he would ,
not weaken its force by repeating it here. He men- ,
turned the name of tins distinguished diplomatist
and statesman, because heknew him to be in great \
favor with most of the gentlemen who seemed to
have such conscientious scruples in regard to the
right of property in slaves.
Tie need not refer to the treaty of 'cC> and the 1
treaty of Ghent, of which the distinguished gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, the late ex-President I
of the United States, had been a prominent com- !'
miss'toner; in both of which treaties, the right of
property in slaves had been specially recognized, ,
and under winch, too, indemnity had been made j
for this species of property.
But it seemed to be contended that there was no '
constitutional provision for making indemnity lor j
slaves that were lost, because an article specifically
making such provision was not to be found in the
Constitution or laws of the United States. ^ It was :
admitted by gentlemen, that slavery existed by the
municipal Jaws of the States; and the General
Government having no particular statute upon the ,
subject, he trusted gentlemen would suffer him to
state what was the law in several of the States in :
regard to what was property, as that law bore ,
upon this case.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Pal-
frey] had argued, that because the negro was not
converted to the use of the United States, there-
j; fore the United States was not liable to pay his
|' owner for his loss. Now, the law in his State,
!' and in other States, was this: if the owner of a
: slave hired that slave to another person for the
; discharge of certain duties, and if, in the perform-
. ance of those duties, death ensued, the bailee was
not responsible. But if the sla\e was diverted to
! other purposes, and was put to other business thi.n
that which was contemplated by tile master, the
j1 person to whom he was hired was responsible,
i! Upon this just principle, if this man Lewis was
employed as an interpreter, and the agents of the
j! Government chose to take him and send him out
j of the country beyond the reach of his master, the
; Government was responsible.
But the gentleman fiom Massachusetts had frank-
J, ly told the committee, If General Jesup has trans-
i! cended his powers as an officer of the United States,
'. why, let the owner of the slave sue General Jesup,
; and obtain judgment against him for the value of
his slave; and then let Genernl Jesup come before
;; this House and say, In the honest and conscien-
tious discharge of my duty as an agent of the Gov.
1 ernment, I found it necessary to take fiom the
! possession of a citizen of the United States a valu-
able negro, and send him without the jurisdiction
1 of his owner, and I ask you to indemnify me.
The gentleman said he (General Jesup) would
\ \ have a respectful hearing m this House. He (Mr.
i M.) doubted not that he would; and that the same
!1 argument would be brought up by these very gen-
!. tlemen who now opposed this bill, that theie was
j; not the right of property in slaves.
i Now, ho did not rely"upon the particular clause
I of the Constitution of the United States which
j gentlemen seemed to think was aione applicable
! to this case.
In the second section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States, the following
provision was found:
"No person held to eer\ice or labor in one State, under
tlie lavv< thereof, escaping into another Slate, m con«e-
qiiMK'e of am law or regulation thereof, shall he discharged
fsem s-uch fiTvieo or labor, hut «Stall b j delivered upon claim
of the part) to wlioin such -ervice or bibor may be due. '
Here was an absolute provision foibidding any
: State to pass any law—(and the question had often
J i been tested, and whenever tested it had been de-
cided that such laws were unconstitutional)—pro-
hibiting the owner of a slave from recovering his
property. Not withstanding this great love of lib-
erty—notwithstanding this great desire to extend
the area of freedom—no free State that had any
. regard for the Constitution could pass such a law.
1 Tins was the compact—a compact to which all the
' fiee States had submitted, but which they had not
all kept; and should the United States, a party t<>
this compact, deprive the person of the use of h.s
property, and then, not having it in its power to
return that property, shield themselves by such an
argument, and say they were not, responsible?
What a ridiculous, wh=it a contemptible attitude
would this Government present to foreign nations,
with whom it had gone to the very verge of a war,
upon the ground that a foreign nation should in-
deinnifyour citizens, dollar fordo! sat', for property
of this'kin-j' The m^ney had been received, and
' had been paid o\er, and yet the government had not
the magnanimity to nay its own citizens. What
would be thought of this Government, which had
cxacted from the haughty Government of Gieat
Britain indemmty for liberated slaves that had
been taken mfo Oe Island of Nassau, where the
; introduction of slaves was positively forbidden,
1 that she should refuse to pay her own subjects;
An American captain hud been driven in there by
stress of weather, and the British Government said
a violation of the law of England had been com-
mitted, which would free them from responsibility.
! Mr. Van Buren, the great organ of the i< ree-sod
party—the man who, it was said, had been saeri-
' ficed" by the Democratic party, when the only
States that supported him were the soutnern States
 was the only man m the northern States who n id
taken the ground, previous to an election, that it
was impolitic to mterfeie with slavery iu the Dis-
