242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
trict of Columbia. And Mr. Van Buren told Lord
Palmerston—for he (Mr. M ) had it in black and
w j; i u;—lhat the Government of Great Britain was
as much responsible for slaves as for merchandise;
that it was not the captain's fault that ho was
there; that he was driven in by stress of weather;
that he came there to refit, to repair, to set water,
and to save the lives of those whom he was quietly
transporting across the seas, without any intention
to violate the laws in relation to the slave trade.
The argument was drawn up by a gentleman inti-
mately and closely connected with him, (Mr. M.)
It was endorsed by the representative of our Gov-
ernment at the Court of St. James, and the indem-
nity was allowed.
Mr. GIDDINGS rose and inquired if the gentle-
man would allow him to ask a question?
Mr. MORSE. Certain?;/.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman mean
to say that indemnity was obtained fro in the British
Government for slaves landed m Nassau after sla-
very had been abolished there?
Mr. M0RS5. Yes.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I think the gentleman had
better read the documents. I say, no, j
Mr. MOUSE (apparently not regarding the re- \
mark) proceeded to say, that whilst the attitude I
which we presented to foreign nations was that of f
demand for indemnity in these cases; whilst we 1
stipulated in our treaties with them that we should :
have that indemnity; ay, and whilst we had gone j
to the point of a war to obtain it, yet, when one of \
our own citizens came to this House, and made [
out a case as clear as ever was piesented to the -
consideration of Congress, then, foisooth, he was i
not to be indemnified, because the conscientious |
scruples of some men would not allow them to '
acknowledge property in slaves. j
Mr. GIDDINGS again rose, and askcdiecive to !
put a question.
And Mr. MORSE bavin? again yielded— !
Mr. GIDDINGS said that ail of us knew what i
had been done in former times, when no man ob-
jected to the exercise of the power on the part of
this Government to pay for slaves escaped on Brit-
ish islands. But he interrupted the gentleman for
the purpose of inquiiing whether, since the year |
1842, a demand had been made by the Executive !
of the United States for the loss of slaves in thp j
brig "Creole,"for which indemnity had been in- ;
sisted upon by Mr. Tyler* Had not the right to i
that indemnity been surrendered by a slaveholding
Executive? and had not entire peace and silence I
been maintained on the subjcct from that day to i
this? _ ,
Mr. MORSE. I say, in answer to the gentle- j
man, lhat I do not know what trie Piesidcnt of the !
United States may have done; bat I apprehend that |
this Ilouso has never leceived information of any 1
such render.
Mr.GIDDINGS. I woulda^kthcgentleman :
Mr. MORSE, (contimjjng.) I am not j.o the
secrets of the Executive. 1 do not know how far
other matteis may probably have occupied his |;
attention. But I thmfc Hint [he people of the <
southern States will look seriously into the ques- j,
tion whether any Executive of this country has ,!
abandoned the right of oUaiuIng indemnity in .
these cases. /
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want a definitive answer
to my question. jj
Mr. MORSE. I do not know. 'j
.Mr. Gi DDi \!GS. Hms thi^ House or this nation, ! j
or the Executive of the United States since 1842,
made any demand on the British Government, on
account of these slaves, or any other? Have they ['
not been perfectly silent from me time that a reso- |i
lution was mhoduced into this Hail declaring that |i
act an outr.'ir" : j
Mr. MORSE. I do not know. (i
Mr. GIDDINGS. _ Well, I do. b
Mr. MORS!', continued. A friend near him
suggested that there were grievances of rv much i|
higher order th^n those of the "Creole" unre-ij
dressed; anil yet he (Mr. M.) apprehended that :!
because the h®ad of the Free-soil party in the :j
United States forbore to claim indemnity for inju- ''
ries done to citizcns and property in New York, j
when a parcel of banditti came across the Amen- ij
can wuers and burnt that property—he oppre-
bended that the want of firmness to enforce that
right would nor be allowed to be construed into !i
a precedent by the British Government for future f
outrages. He was glad that this question, which II
involved the right of property in persons, had, for
almost the. first time, legitimately come up, and
that it had been discussed with something like
moderation, and with reference to the merits of
the case. For his own part, he would not set an
example of acrimonious remarks, although much
had passed calculated deeply to wound the sensi-
bilities of gentlemen in this Hall. Like Don
Gtuixotte, they must be thankful for small favors,
and not look a gift horse in the mouth.
Thegentleman from Indiana, the other day, who
had soo ewhat changed the course of his remaiks
and feelings, deprecated the insulting language
which characteiized the resolutions that were
continually introduced into this House. He (Mr.
M.) desired to say, in all candor, and particu-
larly to those gentlemen who were so sensitive
upon the subject of slavery, that if there wc-ie any
remedy, if there were any law which directly oi
indirectly affected that question in the Di^tnctof
Columbia, it would be the part of kindness and
good feeling not to clothc these resolutions m in-
sulting and taunting language; not to put it out of
the power of gentlemen who were disposed to do
so, to give respectful consideration to everything
here—and who were obliged to vote upon s-uch
questions without even the benefit of a discussion.
He believed that much had been lost to the South
on this question, because the characier of the reso-
lutions and the speeches with which the movers
had prefaced them, caused gentlemen to feel in-
dignant, and therefore they would nut tolerate dis-
cussion. He made these observations because he
had frequenlly voted to stop debate; not from the ;
fear of discussion; not fiom the feai that the rights j
of the southern States could not be successfully i
maintained throughout the r-ation: but because
there were propositions presented heie of such a I
character, and roucheu in such language, that no j
gentleman entertaining a proper respect for him- :
self could suffer any debate; or would, if they \
adopted his views, even vote upon them. j
jVl r. M. having concluded— '
The SPEAKER gave the floor to
Mr. COLLAMSR, who was interrupted by
Mr. Fries. !
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE. j
Mr. FRIES rose (he said) to a question of priv- '
ilegc. i
The SPEAKER recognized him. j
Mr. FRIES (scarcely heard) was understood to !
say, that he had been instructed by the select
committee, appointed during the last session of1
Congress to investigate certain charges which had
b*rn brought against the Commissioner of Indian
. Aifans, to make a report, and to ask the House |
; to take such step;. usually taken on like occasions, i
; Mr. b\ proceeded to state, that the committee had ;
I hc>d a witness before them who refused to answer. '
Mr. COL.LAMER, (addressing the Chair.) Is ;
any question pending'
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Fries] stoted the nature of the question. ;;
Mr. FRIES moved that the Scrgeant-at-arms
be dnected to confine the said witness, unless he ;i
would answer, &e. [The motion, as put into
form, is £jven bel'-nr.] ' '
The SPEAKER said, that the gcntlcmon must
make the motion specific, by inserting the name :
of the individual.
Mr. FRIES said, the name was David Taylor. '■
And ilr. F. then offered the following u'solu-
tion: ~ j!
That the Sergonnt at-arms hnequiier] to tike '
David T,i\ i'ir inf) eu-loih' and cofffme Intn,.laiees
to aii",\vc{ ,t'! proD^r ciie-tion* wuu li tin- scleo! ro'iimittiv
befoie w Jumi he lia^> i ecu tesiii) si!',r. shall o! Lnn. '
Mr. IlAIiALSON said, that as a member of
this House, before taking any action in this hasty I:
manner, he would de.->iie at least to know some of
the facts upon which the House wi's to act. It
was a mottcrof no small concern to order a citizen
of the Ij nited Stales into confinement. He wished
to know something of the character of the i/>vesti- !'
gation—something of what had been ?omg on m
the committee—before he would give his vote for
the imprisonment of any citizen.
in the fiistplace, hedid not like the phraseology '
of the resolution, Questions mighr have been pro-
posed to the witness which heniight think, and
which on investigation might he determined to be
improper, and which the committee might have
considered to be proper. lie should prefer that the
language of the resolution should be " legal" ques-
tions—questions pertinent to the matter before the
committee. At all events, he wished to know what
were the facts on which the application was based
Till then, he could not vote for it. '
Mr. TOOMBS said that this resolution seemed
to be in the nature of an aUrtc,hment against this
individual for contempt; and he thought that the
same course should be adopted as would be adorn-
ed in the committees. "When it whs alleged that a
contempt of court had been committed, a rule nisi
was granted, that the individual might show cause
why he did not answe>\ As to sending a citizen
to jail on ex parte testimony of this kind, he (Mr
T.) could never assent to u.
The resolution itself was improper. The man
should be brought before the house. The House
sat here judicially, anu the p.u ty had u right to be
heaid, and the Iluuse mutt then give Us judgment
It sf-cmed to him that feme gemiemen acted upon
the idea that this House, UK-, was omnipotent.
lUr. DUER briefly stated the f.Tts as they- h^
occurrcd m the committee: A sub-commiitec -he
said, had been appointed to take the testimony of
the witnesses; that sub-committee had tepoited to
j, the committee that one of the witnesses whom
i| they had summoned before them lefused to answer
! a certain question. That question had appealed
to him (Air. D.) and to some other gentlemen of
the committee, an irrelevant quotum, and the
matter had been aigued at some length. But the
witness had refused to answer that question not
only, but he had said he would answer no other
question which might be put to him. That was
|i cleaiIy a case of contempt. The committee had
I! deteimined to report the facts to the House, and
i| leave it for the House to de ermme what action
they would take in the matter.
i; Mr. WOOD WARD said it struck him, although
|i he approved of the course of this committee
; submitting the matter to the House., that the com-
11 mittee was competent to take any proceeding nc-
I; cessary to the discharge of us duiies. The com-
mittee was a couit quo ad hoc—a court as to this
■ particular matter submitted to them—and a court
; invested, by the resolution of the House constituting
I1 it, with power to send for persons and papers, and
ji to requiie the attendance of witnesses, iftherom-
j! mutpp thought proper they could, in his opinion,
|' take the necessary means without the mteivention
• of the House, to compel this witness, who was
!.' before the couit, to testify. He thought, there-
fote, the House might adopt the resolution with-
,j out hesitation. He was no special advocate for
1 special ptmleges in this Hall, as his couise here
i had shown; nor was lie an advocate foi special
privileges or exemptions out of this Hall. The
■ witness had no right to disregard the process of
i the committee who were lawfully authoiized to
j leqmre him to testify; especially when he had
i appeared before the committee as a witness, and
| had testified as far as he thought proper to testify;
■ when he had acknowledged their authority: he
j should never be permitted, with his (Mr. W.'s)
| consent, to withdraw at his own moment, lie
; trusted sui-h an example would not be sanctioned
t by any action the House might take at this time.
Mr. IIn'GE remarked that this was a veiy deli-
cate question, as it involved the personal nghis of
; the citizen. He had no doubt, trom what ne had
heard, that thei e had been a contempt show n to ihe
committee; but as the House did not know the facs,
, he proposed to amend the resolution, by giving
l [he committee the power to act at their discretion
i.i the maticr.
Atr. rALLMADGE said he could never vote
far such a pror oM>ton as that of the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Ixge ] He called for the tead-
ingjd the resolution; which having been r<*ad—
He said the Hou^e would perceive that the reso-
lution upon winch they were now called to act,
was a proposition to deprive a citizen of his lib-
erty, on the ground stated by ihu gentleman on
the other side, [Mr. Woodwaiid,] that thus House
was to be ugewded <is a court, and that the con-
duct of thiy man was su'di a.s to constitute a con-
tempt of the authority of this body. JN*ow, in any
court of justice wheieon application was made to
commit a witness for contempt of court in not
testifying, there was a p'.cinninaiy step, as every
gentleman who belonged to the legal profession
in this Hou>e kn«w. It must be shown that the
witness bad been duly aubpeenaed by competent
authority.
Mr. WOODWARD interposed, and explained
