1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
that lie considered this a different case from that
which the gentleman had put This was not a case
vvhetc a witness was subpoenaed and refused to
attend'; but it was a case where he wa-3 actually in
court, and after he had been submitting to an ex-
amination refused to answer any furtherquestions:
and he apprehended any judge would send him to
prison in.mediately.
Mr. TALLMADG-E. I apprehend he would not;
if he did, he would be transcending his powers.
The pnncipie (hesaid) was this: when the ques-
tion was raised of the commitment of a witness for
- contempt of court in refusingto give his testimony,
it tniist first be shown that competent authority
was exercised to require his attendance.
Mr. FRIES explained that this witness had been
regularly subpo3naed,and had been before the com-
mittee some four hours; that he had gone through
his examination in chief, and was theu on his
cros*-exami nation.
Mr. TALLMADGE wished the fact to appear
upon the leeord of the House, if it was the fact,
4hdt this men, David Taylor, had been subpoenaed
before the committee. The resolution made no
allusion to the exercise of any power by the com-
mittee, or by this body, requiring his attendance.
It merely alluded to the fact that he was testifying
before the committee, and that he refused to answer
a question. Suppose he had voluntarily appeared,
and answered some questions and refused to answer
others: would there be any contempt of the au-
thority of the committee or of this body? The
next step, as he understood it, in every court of
justice, wouid be, that this man should be requned
to show cause why he had refused to answer. He
should be allowed an opportunity to defend him-
self, and not be presumed to be guilty, merely be-
cause a committee had reported that he had refused
to answer a question which had been put to him.
Before they proceeded to the exercise of tins high
power proposed, of committing this man, let them
" give him a fair opportunity to be heard m his own j
defence, and lei them act cautiously and wisely ,
upon the matter.
Mr. J. R. INGER.SOLL said, it was very obvi-
ous that the question now before the House was
involved in a good deal of difflcu'ty, and was in a
great decree, if not altogether, new. He confessed
himself not sufficiently acquainted with the del-
egation of power to the committees of the House
to judge of the propriety of the exercise of so deli-
cate a power—the power of imprisonment. He !
would suggest, in older to get nd of the difficulty,
and to enable everybody to act with a conscious-
ness of rectitude, that they postpone until to-mor- ,
row morning; the further consideration of tins ;
question, which, without any improper intention 1
on the part of the committee, had been suffered to :
be suddenly sprung upon the House. lie was ,
not now prepared to put tins man into custody.
There might bo circumstances of various kinds
which would go far to justify him in the course
which he had taken. The House, it appeared to
him, weie imperfectly, because hastily, informed ;
of the circumstances of this case. He would ven- |
ture to suggest, that before formal action was taken
on this subject by the House, it would be sans- ;
factoiy to everybody if the chairman of the com- 1
mittee before whom the witness had appeared |
would make a somewhat formal report in writing
to the House, upon which the House might act'
with proper considei ation, and without involving
themselves in any difficulty from which they could 1
not afterwards escape, if would be very easy to
take the course he had suggested. The individual
could be brought back without any difficulty.
There was no intimation of his desne to avoid
communication with the committee. The ques-
tion could be left open until the morning, and the
Hou.se would then be enabled to act more delib-
erately and intelligently upon it.
Mr. CLiNGMAN (the floor having been
yielded for explanation) said, the individual pro-
posed to be taken into custody was one of his con-
stituents, and he should like to have time to look
into the case. I-Je hoped, therefore, that the course
intimated bv the gentleman 1'ioin Pennsylvania
would be taken, and that this matter would be
postponed until to-morrow, or Monday, m order
that he might have an oppoi turuty, before his con-
stituent should be impusoned, of ascertaining :
whether thetc were any just ground for such action
by the House. He thought this would be a safe
proceeding. He presumed there was no special -
| reason (though he knew nothing of the course of
the examination m the committee) v hy this mat-
ter should be acted upon now. He hoped, there-
i fore, by the general consent of the House, that this
.^matter would be allowed to pass over. He did
not want injustice done. He had no idea that the
. individual would leave the city; he knew that some
, time since, when he had talked with him, he was
• very anxious to testify. He presumed, therefore,
■ that he had some excuse to offer, which should be
| given to the House.
Mr. BRADY said the examinations commenced
■ vesteiday morning; and in the evening; they were
adjourned about the time when the House ad-
; joumed, to he resumed again at the room of the
| gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Fries]. He attended
there—the gentleman from Ohio and himself hav-
ing been appointed a sub-committee for this pur-
; pose. The parties all met at the room, and the
examinations were continued perhaps two hours,
I until at length a question was propounded to thr
! witness by Colonel Medill, Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, when the witness replied that he did
not refuse to answer that question particulaily,
but felt as thourh he should answer no more ques-
tions. Such was the position of the case which
the committee had agreed to report to the House.
These were ali the facts as they had transpired,
!' substantially. He did not desue any hasty action
'' in the matter. He had nothing to say in favor of
pressing its consideration upon the House at this
time, if gentlemen felt that they were not pre-
, pared to act now upon the case, so far as he felt
; concerned he was perfectly willing for postpone-
■jment. He added, that the witness refused to
i answer the question propounded to him by saying,
that he felt as though he ought to answer no more
questions.
Mr. J. R. IIYGERSOLL was understood to say
l; that this proceeding was not likely to interfeie
: with the rights of the witness as a citizen of North
; Carolina, and to express a doubt whether the
: select committee could delegate authority to exam-
ine witnesses. As h.3d been already observed,
there was a question of fact and a question of law
| involved in this case. It had not yet appeared
what particular question it was that the witness
' was called upon to answer. If the committee,
1 upon the statement made, were disposed to take
upon themselves fh^ lesponsibility of arresting the
, witness, they had the power to do so, and it was
their business moie properly than it was the busi-
ness of the House m the present sta'e of the case.
He considered, however, smcc no difficulty could
1 arise from a postponement of the subject till to-
■ morrow, that that course had better be taken. He
would thetefore move that the further considera-
tion of the ieso!ution be postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said he did riot know
■ how far this resolution might be made a subject of
^ debate; but he had a f"w words to say m relation
i to it, and an amendment to propose. In the view
: he took of the case, he differed in opinion with
| gentlemen who think that this House can confer a
! power upon any committee, or that any committee
i of this House, in virtue of their appointment,
t possess a power which would authorize them to
imprison a witness. He did nut believe that the !
committee possessed this power, nor that the |
| House could confer it. Nor dul he believe that j
' the facts reported would justify the imprisonment j
' of the witness; but they eeUainiy did justify his !
. arrest for contempt, o*i the part of the House. I
He would therefore propose, instead of the reso- j
lution offeieu by the gentleman from Ohio, tne j
following substitute, winch he would read: '
Tt having hoi n iop.ntei to the Hou-e by one of it' com- j
1 miti^e- that J-Uvid T.u lor ha-> been >.umuimitd bfoiy lii-m
as a wii'u'--. iiin! to the intericar,.
. tortus- ptopnu-dcd t>> him h\ .-aid committee, if is
Cr'< ■tidfn/ t-ir House, That Use s<udTa\ioi Ivane-led hy
■ the Se't'eaiit at am-- of tin- Ilous-f ran! I <M>rwi!;;bt ixfoje
tin- l«"'lv to a-i-utr the <-h nee of contempt of the otCcrs of
1 till-" «;OU-'xi III the pU'HU-C-.
Fie considered it the duty of the House to brine;
th's witness to its bai, when all the tacts might be
1 obtained at once; and, after such an exammauon,
, it would be a question for tiie House to ue'tiimine
whether the case demanded further action.
1 Mr. CACSLL (a>kmg the permission of the
■ gentleman fiom Uecu^ia to say a word, and Mr.
Cobt, yieldin.';") droned merely to euii tiie atfent<on
of the gentleman from Georgia, and of the
' to the proceedings of the House during; a for ner
i session upon a similar case. He refeired to the
j case of Reuben M. "Whitney, and called for the
, reading of the resolutions authorising his arrest, as
matter bearing dhectly upon the point before the
House.
The resolutions were then read, as follows:
Cl JZcsolvi*/}) Th:>t whereas the Select Committee of this
Ilmi-se, acting bv the authority oi the Hon4!?, under <i reso-
Iiuuin of the 17til ol' January last, h.is reported that Reuben
M. Vvtntiiev litis peremptori!> reluse*] to sue evidence in
oheuietiC" to a mintinon-- dulv is-u>'d !>v coiminttoe find
1 lias a<1dre-«>d to the coimmtu.e Ui° fetter rcpoited by'baid
committee to the Hoiw : therefore,
"Fimlcyl. That the Ppffikorot ihs- IJou^e his war-
rant, directed lo the Sem«'ant-ut-a.ms, to take into custody
the peison of Reuben M. Whitney. that he may he brought
to tlie bar of the flou-e to aus-w er foi a:, 'U contempt of
tins IIou«=<>; and that he he allowed ec "..'.-J on that occa-
sion, should lie desire it.'-1
Mr. COBB said these resoki'ions contemplated
precisely w'hat he had proposed to accomplish by
his amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi', said there
was a difference between the case of Whitney and5
the case just reported. The former had peremp-
torily refused to testify; whereas, m tne present
case, the witness had been examined, and he had
not refused to answer any specific question, but
had declared that he would not answer other
questions which might be propounded. Should
this witness be brought before the House, he
would ask what could be done with him? Had his
'i conduct stopped the investigations of the commit-
l| tee^ It did not appear to be so from thestatcments
j | made.
'j Mr. COBB could not see what the committee
j, were to do with such a witness, It was evidently
:j impossib'e to proceed with the investigation so
; long as the witness might peremptorily refuse to
j answer. They were compelled to suspend busi-
: ness till the power of the House could be brought
j to the aid of the committee. If there was any more
! summary process than that which he had pro-
j nosed, he would advocate it; but he knew of none
| The language of the resolution, just read from the
! Journal of a previous Congress, expiessed exactly
1 what he intended to embracc in his substitute;
i and as he liked the wording better than his own,
! he would ask the clerk to adopt it m lieu of what
he had lead, making the necessary changes of
' names. He would adopt the foim of that rcsolu-
j tion, the cases beins; similar.
; Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, insisted that
these cases were not similar, because the facts re-
cited in the case of Whitney show that he refused
| to respond to any question; while, in the present
; cas^, the witness had been some time under exam-
| mation.
i Tne SPEAKER stated the first question to be
j on the motion to postpone.
' And the question being taken, it was decided ir
I the negative.
! The question then recurred upon the adoption
! of the amendment by the gentleman from Georgia,
| which was now read m its modified form, as foi-
| lows:
1 That whfieas the sclect committee, acting by authority of
j the House, under a resolution ol the Jlth of August, Jfe48,
i hus> rcporit.-d that Da\id Tavlor has peremptorily refuted, m
J thecouise of ln.s examination bcfoie &aid committee, to an-
j swer any further questions which may he put to him by said
! cuniimttf*: The-ndoio,
i llcolved. That the Speaker of tin? Hou=e is.-ue his war-
' laut. dueeted to the Sfjigfaiit-at-ain 5, to t.ike into custody
the of -aid David '] .sAlor, tnat he may be brought u>
, the- bit ol the ilou^i' to ansu er lor an alleged contempt of
! the llou-e; and tnat he: be allowed counsel on that occasion,
j -houki he desini it.
I Mr. POLLOCK had but a single word to offer
! upon this subject. The case, in his opinion, did
; not amount to a case of contempt. The facts, as
■ he understood them, \\ ere something like these: All
, th^i hf«vl been charged against the witness occuned
|| before the sub-conunitu c; and when the general
j ( committee came together, the sub-committee re-
ported that a question had been propounded by
.■ them to tne witness which he refused to answer.
The general committee, having heard this report
I of the case, doubted of its relevancy as a case of
, i contemnt, and some discussion arose. They were
j iivbrmed that the witness declared tnat he would
j, not answer any moie questions. Hut he did not
p ui'derstand that the witness had refused to Miswer
j1 any particular ques;i<>n. The last question pro-
j1 pounucd was answeieu by him. as he undu&tood
; ^t'-temerU; and it was merely a vv-fu-<ul to c>n-
i| i^wer any more questions.
}.\v. ODER. Including the last question.
;! Mr. POLLOCK. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
