244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
from New York, whether the committee consider
the matter a proper case of contempt?
Mr. DUEK. A majority of the committee were
of opinion that it was a proper case of contempt.
When he refused to answer all questions,the com-
mittee agreed to report the facts to the House.
Mr. POLLOCK continued. He was clearly of
the opinion, that where a witness states generally
that he will answer no questions, it does not
amount to a case of contempt. A question must
be asked, and the answer refused, to constitute a
case of contempt.
Mr. FRIES said the witness did not refuse to
answer any question at the stand.
Mr. POLLOCK, (continuing.) That was his
understanding of the case exactly. The witness
had merely declared, in advance, that he would
answer no more questions. He would ask, what
•was the question which had been propounded by
the committee, and which the witness had refused
to answer, upon which a case of contempt could
he made out? He (Mr. P.) might declare that he
would commit murder; but the mere declaration
did not make him a murderer. So a witness might
declare that he would answer no question by the
court; but there was no case of contempt till the
question asked was refused to be answered. But
no such case as this was presented m the matter
before the House. The resolution did not recite
any such fact as having occurred before the com-
mittee. There was not even a prima facie case
presented in the resolution; and for that reason he
could not vote for it.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said he entirely
agreed with the/gentleman from Pennsylvania. [Mr.
Pollock,} and from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] In
addition to the reasons which had been advanced
by them m opposition to the resolution, he would
adduce another. lie supposed no legal maxim
was better settled than this, delegatus potcstatem
suain noil potest delegare. Now, in tins case, it
appeared that Taylor had refused to answer the
questions propounded to him by the sub-commit-
tee, and it was clear that the committee had no
authority to delegate any such power to the sub-
committee, as they pretended to exercise. To be
sure, it had been stated that the committee had
afterwards held a meeting to consider Taylor's
refusal, but it did not appear that the meeting was
for the purpose of investigation, and in order to
exercise the powers confided to the committee by
this House, by pursuing the subject-matter of the
inquiry. He undo stood that Taylor's refusal
before the committee was merely to answer the
questions propounded before the sub-committee.
For these leasons, as well as those advanced by
the gentlemen fioni Pennsylvania and fiom Geor-
gia, he thought there was no evidence of a con-
tempt upon which this House could now act.
Mr. THOMPSON,1'of Mississippi, said he was
not a member of the sub-committee, but he was of
the committee; and he could state, tli.it after the
witness had icfused to answer further questions
by the sub-committee, the whole committee were
called together, and then he refused also to answer ;
them.
Mr. EVANS (retaining the floor) said he was
coming to that very point. He admitted the fact
wtated by the gentleman from Mississippi; but it
would be recollected that the committee did not
meet for the purpose of'continuing their investiga-
tion, but merely to receive the report of the sub-
committee. If the witness had refused to answer a
question by the committee at large, it would pic- ;■
sent quite a different case. * !
Mr. THOMPSON wished to set the gentleman
right. The sub-committee wore charged with the
general interiogatories to be used in taking the
testimony; and whenever a question arose which !
was doubtfully understood, then all the committee j
were to come together for consultation, and when j
they were so convened, they were most certainly >,
together for the purpose of continuing the tes- j
timony; and they were thus convened m full i
committee when the witness refused to answer. j
Mr. EVANS would only add, that the present i
case was entirely different from the ease of Whit- i
ney, because of the lack of authority in the sub- j
committee, whose questions the witness had re- '•
fused to answer. ,
Mr. DUEll said, if it were in order, he would i,
prefer that the further consideration of this case !|
be postponed till to-morrow; but he supposed it !|
was not, because a similar motion was the last ll
question acted on by the House. Nevertheless,
he would state the reasons why, in hi** opinion,
the question ought to be postponed. There was
no danger, he supposed, that the witness would
avoid the power of the House. His own opinion
was, that this whole course of examination which
had been going on was wholly irrelevant. Pie
did not believe that any fact of consequence could
have been got out of this witness, had he not re-
fused to be interrogated. He stated further, that
this witness was a very ignorant man, from ap-
pearances; and there was a probability, at least, i
that, were a little time allowed, either the witness <
would icconsider his determination not to be fur- |
ther interrogated, or perhaps the committee might
conclude that the inquiries they intended to pro- j
pound to him were too irrelevant to be persisted j
in. Seeing no necessity for prolonging this con- !
versation, and supposing that time might be saved (
by such a course, he would move to postpone the
further consideration of the subject till Monday, ,
and call for the previous question thereon. j
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, said he ;
would greatly prefer that the matter might be set- ;
tied to-morrow. It would facilitate the action of j
the committee. !
Mr. DUER replied, that other witnesses could ;
be examined in the mean time. I
[A Voice. "The previous question cuts olT 1
your postponement."} # [
Mr. DUER. Then I must withdraw it. !
The SPEAKER, said that a motion to recon- j
sider the vote by which the House had refused to ;
postpone till to-morrow, would be in order. |
Mr. FRIES would make that motion, he said, ,
in order to bring the case to a close us soon as pos- ;
sible. The committee were anxious to hasten the 1
time when they might be ready to report.
The question was then taken upon the motion .
to reconsider, and agreed to. i
And then, the question recurring upon the mo- ;
tion to postpone the further consideration of the
subject till to-morrow, it was decidcd in the affirm- i
ative. " i
general appropriation bill. j
Mr. COBB rose to a privileged motion, which ,
he desired to have entered upon the Journal. He ;
moved a reconsideration of the vote of yesterday j
by which the House adopted the order to termi- |
nate debate in Committee of the Whole, upon the j
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. Fie merely •
desired, at present, that his motion .be entered !
upon the Journal, giving notice of his intention to J
call it up on Monday.
Mr. TOOMBS moved to lay the motion to re- j
\\ conwidpr on the table. ;
Mr. COBB objected to the latter motion, as out !
1' of order. 1
Some conversation followed upon the question \
i of order between Mr. Toombs, Mr. Cobb, and the 1
Speaker. '
i Mr. COCKE said, his understanding was, that
. the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] who
i moved the order of yesterday to terminate debate :
; upon the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, •
i moved also the i consideration—the motion now ,
1 made by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb] '
\r—and that that motion was laid upon the table. ;
| The SPEAKER said that there was no evidence
] of the state of fact but what was furnished by the
; Journal. !
| Mr. VINTON affirmed that he made the mo- !
i tions to reconsider and lay on the table two or '
i three times, but he believed he was not recognized
; by the Speaker. He had observed, also, that his
| motion was reported in the mormng paper as laid !,
j upon the table. As the mattei stood, he could but j
! express his hope that the order would not be Fe- i
J considered.
| The SPEAKER gave it as the opinion of the ;
1 Chair that the gentleman from Georgia might claim
! the right to have his motion laid over till Monday, j
! And then, on motion by Mr. STEPHENS, the il
House adjourned. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 13, 1849. i
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved. .
The SPEAKER said, by unanimous consent he
would lay before the House a message from the ;
President of the United States. ~ 1
Mr. BOYD rose and moved that leave be granted ■
to Eliza Tharp to withdraw her papers; agreed to. i:
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the same leave was
granted to William Fuller.
Mr. LINCOLN gave noticeof a motion for leave
to introduce a bill to abolish slavery in the District
of Columbia, by consent of the free white people
of said District, and with compensation to owners.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, asked that the commit-
tees be called for reports.
The SPEAKER said it could be done only by
general consent.
Mr. KING hoped that consent would be given.
ARREST OF DAVID TAYLOR.
Mr. FRIES objected, and said he was instructed
by the select committee appointed to inquire into
certain charges against the Commissioner ofIndian
Affairs, under the instructions of whuh committee
he had yesterday mo>'cd a resolution for (he arrest
of David Taylor, now to withdraw that resolu-
tion.
It was withdrawn accordingly, and thus the
question was disposed of.
Mr. COLLAMER called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER announced that the bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of Antonio
Pacheco was the regular order.
Mr. COLLAMER was entitled to the floor.
POSTAGE.
Mr. GOGGIN (with the consent of Mr. Col-
lamer) took the floor, and moved to postpone the
consideration of the said bill for one hour, with a
view to move to take up the bill which he had had
the honor, some tune since, to report from the
Committee on *he Post Office and Post Roads, for
the reduction of postage.
He appealed to the House to allow it, by gen-
eral consent, to be taken up. He saw that notice
had been given in the other branch of Congress,
by the chairman of the Post Office Committee, that
he would call up the bill which was before the
Senate for the same purpose on Monday next.
He wished that this bill should be taken up for
consideration to-day, that it might be brought be-
fore the House and the country, and that he might
be enabled to mote the printing of certain amend-
ments which it was his design to propose to the
bill.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, callcd upon the gentle-
man to speak louder, as (he said) not one word
which he had said had been heard in his part of
the House.
The SPEAKER announced the question upon
the postponement of the regular order for one hour.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. For what purpose?
Mr. GOGGIN repeated the statement of his
purpose in making the motion.
Mr. COBB inquired what progress the gentle-
man cxpected to make in the consideration of the
bill in one hour?
Mr. GOGGIN repeated, to bring the bill before
the consideration of the House and the country,
and to move the printing of certain amendments
which he intended to move.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired,
in case the regular order were postponed, if there
would not be two other orders having priority of
that proposed by the gentleman from Virginia,
viz: tne bill providing for the establishment of a
board to settle private claims, (which was a special
order,) and private bills upon the calendar? He
would state that he certainly had no objection to
eaily action upon the postage bill; on the contrary,
he was very desirous that such action should be
had in favor of cheap postage; but he could not
consent that these bills of which he had spoken
should be postponed, and they might be postponed
indefinitely.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone, and was decided m the negative.
PAYMENT FOR A SLAVE.
So the House resumed the consideration of the
bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Antonio Pacheco.
The question being on the engrossment—
Mr. COLLAMER took the floor.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, appealed to
the gentleman from Vermont to allow him five
minutes to make an explanation on this bill.
Mr. COLLAMER assenting—
Mr. HOLMES said that on the merits of this
Pacheco case he had nothing to say. It had been
most ably argued, on the one part, by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] and as ably
