240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
the act of God or of the public enemy could excuse
them. But he was speaking of bailment for hire.
He would go further. If the property were mere-
ly taken by a third person by trespass, without
legal authority, the bailee exercising ordinary care
and prudence, that excused htm. if he hired a
horse to go to meeting1 or mill, or anything else,
and whilst using it for that purpose, by himself or
his seivant, it was forcibly taken by a third per-
son, he was excused. There was the end of the
bailment, the end of the obligation. It was agreed
on all hands, that this black man, or servant, or
property in man, or whatever he might be called,
(for he was not going to talk about terms,) was
hired for $25 a month as a private in the military
service; that he went into that service, and that,
while so employed, he was captured by the enemy.
"Well, if the transaction had ended there, the bailee
would undoubtedly have been excused, he having
been exposed to no more than the risks of that busi-
ness for which he had been employed. Whether
the capture was by his own choice or otherwise,
he considered entirely immatenal. It appeared
that this man was brought in by the Indian chief
Jumper, under the stipulations of a treaty, and
that he was claimed by him as his property cap-
tured in war.
In the first place, the inquiry presented itself,
why was not this negro obtained by the owner?
What was the difficulty? It was alleged to be
this; thatGeneral Jesup sent him to New Otleans,
and thence with the Indians to the West. If prop-
erty be taken from the bailee by a third person
without authority, that was an excuse to the bailee,
and the fact that that tlurd peison was a servant
to the bailee in some other depaitment of business
did not alter the case. And now he came to the
point.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Burt]
had brought a body of books to show that any
general, in separate command m time of war, hud
right and authority to do this. He called it taking
private piopeity for public use. Ilow did the
gentleman show this authority? He (M.\ C.)
knew that gentlemen who had heretofoje con-
tended for the doctrine of strict construction under
the Constitution had lately got to finding the ex-
tent and limitations of authority not in the Con-
stitution, not in the laws, but in the pages of
Puffendorf, Vattel, Groiius, and other writeis on
international law, good for the purpose of settling
questions between tins and other Governments.
But were they safe guides by which to settle the
powers, rights, and authorities of the officeis of
this Government, in relation to the Government
itself nnd to i."j o'.\n citizens? They seemed to
sieze upon litis to clothe every man with supreme
authority.
He k'j-pw .T-n' there was a message upon the
table from thj ievident on this subject. He
knewtu'i  ■. n-^crs w ere claimed by him, under
these uu'lh-i" for every oiiicer, from the com-
mander-in-chuf c'.nvn to the corporal, in Mexico,
in this country, every where m time of war. He
utterly protected a^.unat tnese authorities having
any beating in the woiid on this question. They
could not assist us in defining what weie the lim-
itations of power m the hands of our own officers,
nor in relation to the division of authority m the
different departments of the Government, and be-
tween these funciionaiies and our own .citizens.
They were no guide. This was all the authouty
that was brought; and yet, m the report, of the
committee, it was argued that the commanding
general's own discretion in taking private property
for public purposes was conclusive, he being the
public func;ionary for that purpose.
[Mr. C. quoted a passage from the report, which
the repoiter has not. The above is the impoiiof
the passage.]
The ense wns made to turn upon this point.
Nov.*, m the first place, he said, in general terms,
that a general commanding an army in time of
war in our own country, had no legal right to take
any man's property or to any amount whalevei.
He denied any such authority. If he had that
legal light, it would be a good defence m a couit
of law. If a general was sued for forcibly taking a
man's horse and wagon foi public purposes, would
any lawyer put in a plea for him that he had so
taken it as a justifiation ? Could any gentleman
produce any adjudicated case sustaining such a
plea.' The same authorities would as well show
that, in the exercise of the same honesty, he might
also take persons as well as property. He could
produce cases denying such authority.
The same books from winch the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Burt] had quoted, said that
the commanding general might imprison dangei-
ous persons; and they were as full to this point
as the other. And if this were law in this coun-
try, a commanding general might practically sus-
pend the habeas corpus act—a power which was
allowed by the Constitution to Congress in a time
of war. We had had some such cases in which
this authority had been repudiated by the courts.
Such was the case of McConnell against General^
Wade Hampton, decided 111 the Supreme Court of
the United Slates.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Pal-
frey,] who had said he was no lawyer, had come
very near to the true point m this case. He said
that a general might do this thing, but that it was
entirely on his own responsibility*, or, as he (Mr.
C.) might say, in the language of General Jackson,
" it is an unlawful act, but i take the responsibil-
ity." He did take it; and it might be a question
between him and his Government, whether, after
he had exercised such extreme authority, unlaw-
ful as it was, the Government would indemnify
him. They might do so; they might pay for the
property, if they pleased. They had done it.
But he entirely denied that any or aii of this
showed that he had any legal right so to act. He
(Mr. C.) had not time to tiace all the dangerous
consequences of such a doctrine. Was it possible,
that in relation to pi open,y of this character, (if gen-
tlemenchose to cull it pioperty,) southern men weie
a ware of the tune they weie teaching the people
to fcing' It might becomc necessary, in the history
of a country, when nnaded, for a general to lay
waste the countiy, in the presence of an enemy,
for miles and miles; to kill all the cattle; to bum
eveiy blade of grass; to raze every house to its
foundation. What came next? lvnght he shoot
all the slaves, as he killed all the caule, and do it
with impunity? Did gentlemen really mean this?
We had been told from year to year, that the
General Government did not possess the power to
emancipate slaves in the States. Did not General
Jesup emancipate this man ? Did not gentlemen
insist that he had emancipated linn, and that the
Government should pay for him* Was it tiue
that we could declare a war, and that a command-
ing general m the southern States, regaiding the
slaves as dangerous, might embody them, march
them into a fiee State—Pennsylvania, fur instance—
and there disband them? Would they be thus all
emancipated? They would not befugilice slaves;
they did not run away, and therefore they did not
come within that provision of the Constitution
which re<juned them to be returned. It seemed
that the principle contended for was dangerous in
c\ery aspect, and especially to the inieiests ol the
southern people.
Without spending more time on that point, he
wotnd pass to another, if this man be propeity,
he should be treated so in all lespects. Now, lie
was captmed by the enemy in time of war. The
enemy acquired that piopeity, and it became theirs
at least lor the time being, as all other property
cnpiuied when employed in mihuuy sei vieu did.
The ground taken m the report was, that Lewis
having subsequently come into our possession by
the doctiine of post limine, he belonged to the
former owner, and should have been ieturned to
him. He did not so understand the doctrine. He
knew that by abstract expressions in the writings
on international law, property recaptured by the
enemy, us armies, or forces, should be returned to
the owner, he being our citizen. But tnis, he
insisted, was the doctrine of war, and good only
while war continued.
Now, to apply this doctiine to the present case.
Lewis was taken by the enemy. Theie the bail-
ment ceased. Did be ever alterwards come into
the possession of this Government as a recapture t
or anything amounting ton? Not at all. The
fact was, that under the stipulations of the treaty,
the Indian chief Jumper, with other Indians, came
m, bunging this property (if it was called prop-
City) with them, and claiming it as his property.
This was no recapture, and none could then be
made. And the doctrine of post limine could not
apply.
He had desired to say a few words more on the :
topic on which he fiist spoke—that of extremes
meeting. There were in this House the Demo- i
cratic party, and especially its southern members
who were vexed with the result of the recent Pres-
idential election. The Van Buren, or Free-soil
party of the North were equally so. Here these
extieme parties had met, under a common feeling
of vexation. They well knew that the Whi«*
Representatives in Congress, like all other repre-
sentatives, would7 by their votes, speak the wishes
of their constituents, when they understood them.
It was also known that the constituents of these
Whig members in the North and South differed
on this subject of slavery: that being a known
point of difference, it appeared.'to him that advan-
tage was constantly taken of it with a view not to
produce measures, but to create division in the
ranks of the Whigs themselves, and to incurably
divide them in advance of their coming into power.
This wound of division thus existing was kept ir>
a constant state of irritation by throwing m parti-
cles of broken giass, and other irritating substances,
tending to make it incurable, and to create a state
of feverish excitement of the whole body, and to
render it utterly incapable of being lestored to
health. This was done by insisting upon votes
upon crude measures, under the previous question,
sustained by both these extremes, thus forbidding
all possibility of amendment or explanation.
Therefore he had taken part in the debate for the
purpose of getting rid of that point which these
parties had thrust upon the House, m respect to
propei ty in slaves, and of showing that no such
question need now to be decided.
Mr. GiDDINGS inquired if the gentleman com-
plained that he had been put to any difficulty by
questions thrown m here m regai d to his own votes?
Mr. COLLAMER. None in the world.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman impute
to me, or any one else, the power of persuading
any one here to vote against his own judgment?
Xvlr. COLLAMER. I make no complaint.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understood the gentleman
to be complaining.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman entirely
misundci&tood me. I make no complaint at all.
Mr. C. having now closcd his remarks, declared
himself ready, in accordance with the notice he
had given, to answer any questions that might be
put to him.
Mr. xjURT was the first to accept the invitation.
He said that the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] had stated that two parties m this
House—the extremes, as he called them—were
anxious to make the question turn on the general
proposition of property in slaves. He desired to
ask the gentleman whether he had read the report
of the majority of the committee:
Mr. COLLAMER. I have not read the whole
of it.
Mr. P>UXiT. If the gentleman, before he makes
assertions, will read theiepoit, lie will see thai tiie
apology for discussing the question at all is stated
to be the fact that the minority of the committee
take that ground.
Mr. COLLAMER. I know they do; and that
fact demonstrates that the two extremes do meet
in bringing the question before the House on such
a point.
Mr. BURT. One other question. The gentle-
man complains of these extremes. Now, f would
ask him whether any single proposition has been
moved in this House, by the extreme East or the
extreme North, for which the gentleman has not
voteu:
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot answer the ques-
tion.
Mr. BURT. Did the gentleman vote for any
one of th^se measuies.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did; but I never have
voted at any time for the previous question,to sup-
press inquiry, investigation, or amendment upon
them, as others on the"gentleman's side have.
Mr. I. E. HOLMES next availed himself of the
oppoitunity afforded by Mr. Collamer.
He did not (he saiu) desire to put any question
to the gentleman which would embarrass him.
The question which he proposed to ask was a
question of law, and the gentleman had shown
hiM'self too good a lawyer to be embarrassed by it.
The gentleman had said that some members
were about to vote upon this question upon tne
ground on one side that slaves were propei ty, and
on the other that they were not. Now he (Mr.
H.J would ask what the gentleman's own opinion
was of the legal recognition by the Government
