250
\t
f V
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
gentleman from Florida, [Mr. Cabell,] himself a \\
lawyer, had conceded, and as a lawyer was bound ;1
t") concede—that this was only an ordinary risk of.;
the service, and that no liability was mcurrcd by '■
the United States upon the capture of the negro
Lewis at the time of the attack upon Dade's coin '[
mand; and, therefore, that gentleman placed the ,
claim upon another and distinct ground, wheie ,j
alone it could be made to rest with any show of.1
plausibility, namely, upon the subsequent action of j
General Jesup, as the agent of the Government of j
the United States, By the act of capture, the bail- |
ment was terminated. The luring of'the negro ;
was for a particular service: he was to act as guide ;
for Major Dade's detachment; and when the de-
tachment was cutoff, the bailment was terminated, |
and with it also was terminated the liability of the
United States jn their character of bailee. i
When this negro was taken by the Indians, the i
right of property in him (if we were to regard ;
him as property) passed with the possession ofjj
the piopei ty itself to the captors of the negi o. The
right of property was transferred to the captors, J
subject only to the right of postliminy; that was .J
to say, in the event of his recapture within twenty- 1
four hours afiei he fell into the h nuls of the enemy, jj
the owner would be entitled to demand that his
slave be returned to hirn by the United States. ;j
But after twenty-four hours "had elapsed from the ,
time the slave fell into the hands ol the Indians, j
and was reduced into their absolute power, pos- ,
session, and control, the right of postliminy was j
.gone; the owner had lost his property, and was
without recourse upon his recaptors if he should
be ictaken from the Indians. The owner's right j
to the slave was transferied, by the act of captuie, !
for twenty-four hours, conditionally; and after j
that time, finally and absolutely vested m those
who captuied him. ,
Air. ORECiV interposed here, desiring to ask a ;
question, ami (Mr. Hall giving way for the pur- '
pose) said he would like to know whether the
gentleman insisted upon it that the rules of civilized ,
warfare weie to be applied to the piedatory opera-
lions of the Indian tribes? He supposed a case, >
wheie Sioux Indians might come down upon the
v/cstcrn border of the State of Missouri, murder
the settlers, and drive off all the property they |
could find. Did the gentleman from New York !
suppose the adjustment of such a case would fall
properly under the laws of civilized warfare?
?vlr. HALL said he did not intend to say, that :
wheie property of citizens of the United States 1
luiiiht have been taken by mere bands* of thieving
Indians in their predatory excursions, the right to
such properly was tiansfened. But, us m the
pit.->eut case, when; an Indian nation weie in
open war aganmt the United States, where the
United Stiites had been in tieaty with them repeat-
edly, arid had recognized their national t.xi.<te<iee
and sovereignly fmm time to time; wheie they
had been acknowledged, so far at least, to be an
independent nation, and they were as a naiion en-
^ragcd in open war v. ith the United Stales—a war >
in which tiie United States employed its military
force, and legaided its prisoners as prisoners of
war, and not thieves and murdereis—as pnsoneis ■
of war taken in open war, and notas traitois taken
in rebellion—he conceived that all the rules of
civilized waifare, in relation to captuics or booty, j
should apply m such a case. Prior to this Florida
war, the Government of the United States had
treated twice with the Seminole Indians, and by ■
the treaties of May 9, 1KJ2, and March 2cS, 1833, ,
had recognized them as a sovereign, nation; and,
subsequent to the time of the capture of this negro,
and puor to the time when he was found with
Jumper, a capitulation or convention was made 1
with a portion of the chiefs of these same Indians, :
by which their political sovereignty was recog-
nized by General Jcoup, as the agent of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Air. CABKLL interposed to ask a question; and
the floor being yielded, he said, he wouid be glad ,
to know of the gentleman from New Yoik whether,
m the whole history of this Government, he could
point to a single case where, being at war with the
Indians, they had been treated by the United States ,
as civilized enemies? Had this Government ever i
made a formal declaration of war against any In-
dian ti ibe:
Mr. HALL replied, that the United States had
often made war against the Indians; but that, or- j
(Uuaniy, there had been no circumstances which '
either required or made it possible to make a formal ;
declaration of war as preliminary to the commence- j
ment of hosfilit.es, hostilities having generally, and, ;
he thought, uniform^-, been commenced on the part
of the Indians. The case of the Mexican war, if
v.xcouiJ admit the President's assumption in that
case, would be a good instance for illustration: it
was exactly in point. There the United States
proceeded without any declaration of war; and the
majority in Congress, declaung that the war ex-
isted by the act of Mexico, passed an act, not de- !
claring war, but merely recognizing its existence, |
and making appropriations for carrying it forward •
to a successful termination. In the same way had i
the Government of the United States sanctioned !
and carried on its wars against the Indian tribes, 1
recognizing them as political communities, entitled ■
to all the rights of war which obtain between civil- j
ized nations. The Supieme Court had also recog- i
nized the Indian tribes as independent political '
communities in our midst, capable of being treated
with, as such, and of sustaining all the relations of 1
enemies in war, and of allies in time of peace.
Air. GIDD1XGS mtenupted heie, to make a !
statement, (Mr. Hall yielding for that purpose.) .
He corroborated the statement of the gentleman ■
from New York. Such was the manner in which ;
the United States had always treated with the In- ]
dian tribes. The very first treaty that was ever j
made between the United States and any Indian !
tribe was made with the Creeks; and that treaty !
contained a stipulation for the return of captured j
negroes and runaways. That treaty was renewed ,
in J789; and in 1796 it was again renewed—still j
letairung precisely the same stipulation. In 1799, 1
another treaty wac made with the Cieek Indians, ,
containing the same stipulation; and he believed :
that a like stipulation was embraced m every treaty
of pcacc between the United States and the south-
ern Indians.
Mr. HALL continued, lie did not propose to
enter at length upon any discussion in relation to .
the political condition of the Indian tribes gener-
ally. it Was enough lor him to produce the au- '
thority of Chancellor Kent and the Supreme Court
of the United States, and to say, with reference to 1
this particular nation, (the Scmmoies,) that the .
authorities of the. United States had waged a pro- i
traded war against them as a political community,
with the sanction of Congress, who had appio-
priated at diil'eient times lai^e sums, he heheved
■<xl- miu'ii as twenty millions, for the prosecution of
this war wita the Seminoles, or as it was familiarly :
called the Florida war. j
Kent, m Ins Commentaries, in lemarkins upon i
the gieat case of Worcester against the State of !
Georgia, m theSupreme Courtot the United States,
iiad s.ud :
-• Tin' Iln'.'lt-ii. the Ft each. ;ind the Spaniards, wen* equal
to. tii.- t;i< mMup ami I!:e a.d ol iho Indian na
tiuii-. Til!' ('town ot I'jiL'i.unI never iiHenipU'd to nifeiteie
w itl> the national <Uui«n o- tlx1 Indian-, tuuhei than to keep
out liv aymt-i ol h'U'i^n Powei.-, u ho nn;!it j><;duc(; them
into li H'i n aijifti.('*;-• Tm> Uni;li^li Govei nin"iit pureha^cd
the alliance ami Uop'-mteiiee ot tin' Indian nation by tub
M<he> ; ami pan Imm-i! then lands when the) w en- wnhny to
-it'll, and at a pi ice they weie wnlinif io lake ; hiu iliey never
cOi'j crjl ;i -.in iciuiri t>{ tncin. Tho Kn^ii-h L'rou n t oiiM<k>r-
<d ti.i'in as ,1'itions, ■ o.niKilcat t> i.tuhiiam ihc icl.ittoiih of
pctf.e <u\I :rai\ it:id ot i.ro\ ennui- them^elve-; uadei iier pio-
lection. The I'nitt d r-t.Ue-*, who -m oe<_d< d to the iiiihis of
the I j s iti^li crown, in ie pect to tin; f mlian-, t! d ihc ^aine and
no iiiitiij; and tli«* ps<.te< uon stipulated to he atlnded to ilie
Indians u<l claimed bj I'nin, (ta« un'Icr^tcod K\j ulli<>iities,
us only lintlh 11; t.'te indians to ike United St'Jes. us-
t.llwi *>i v uik ;j;occr (I yes sui 1 entlet di indrj eiiltn.c and
ii^h! oj it ment ly viik a st)ons,ct, <md
rc.ui itus jitvti'Uion Tm-> i> tne itiutl docinne 01 the law
o! naUti.i>: ami ih • eonii coin huh d and adjudged tli.it tin:
Olieii.Kec nation u a<- a di-lmel ( oinnuuniy,o( cupyuiyilb own
tei utoiy, wuh hoitndaiaeeiilately ilcs-.i ila-d, in \vthe
law s o! Guoiyia eonid not right luily iiavo any tujee, and into
wins h tiie eitizt-n^ ot G.-oiyia iiad no light to enter, but w ith
th« a-^t nt of tii-; ('imroKees tliein-elvtor m conformity
with ueatie^ and w mi the aets ot t/Oiigtcss.5'
Besides, he perceived that in the report made by
the majority of the committee charged with this ,
subject, the case was ueated under the lules of
postliminy which a e applied and obtain in a state
of war between civilized nations. They claim in-
demnity for the slave under this rightof postliminy. 1
They insist that Pacheco, in virtue of this light,
was entitled to have his negro returned to him,
when he came into the hands of General Jesup, 1
after the convention of March 6,1837. As authoi-
Uy upon this q.action, and to sustain the position
he had taken, that this ri^ht of postliminy expired
111 twenty-four hours after the capture, he would ,
read from Kent's Conmentaiies an extract having j
reference to the rightof capture which vested m
these Indians all the properly which could exis*
in Lewis as a slave. Judge Kent says:
"In a land war. movable piop'ity, nft<v n has been m
compute pos-sf^ton o{ me eneim h>r tw ntv (o.,!- hom?
(,ui.i winch goes by the nam1, of baotv. and not pn/.i.*.; be-
ci nT;^ absolutely hi-, w itiiout uny nghtol postliminy in tavor
of tiie original owner."
If this ne^ro was recaptured, he was recaptured
by the troops of the United States, and the title to
him, if he was then to be considered as property,
j wouid be vested in the United States as the recap'
I tors, and they might emancipate him at their
! discretion, or otherwise dispose of him as they
; thought fit.
! In the absence of any regulations on the part of
i the sovereign equivalent to an agreement entered
' into with their citizens employed in making cap-
; tures, the right to ail captured property would be
1 vested in the sovereign ; but by such iegulauons,
! the whole or a large portion ol the captured prop-
: eity is usually allowed to the captors; but here
1 the captors were the troops and agents of the Uni-
• ted States, and all rights of capture acquired by
| their acts must vest in the government by whom
; they were employed.
i But it had been affirmed of this case of the
• negro Lewis, by one gentleman, that he was not
! recaptured, but came m with the chief, Jumper,
after the convention of the 6th of March, 1837. It
, was alleged, also, on the other hand, that General
I Jesup's statement was to the effect that he was
1 recaptured from the Indians ; and it was claimed
j that 111 either case the United States was under ob-
ligations to return him to his owner. It was then
: alleged that it was considered that the retui n of this
j negro to his master would be detrimental to the
| public service, and inconsistent with the public
| security in Florida, and that the lives and prop-
j erty ot the citizens were deemed to be 111 jeop-
! ardy, while he was permitted to range at large 111
that country. It was for this reason that General
1 Jesup sent him out of the country, to iNTew Or-
i leans, but not west of the Mississippi river. It
■ was claimed that this was taking him lor the public
! service, and that compensation should be made to
j the ovvnet. He thought this was not a taking for
j the public use of the United States, even if it
j should be conceded he was the property of Pache-
[ co; but he did not propose to stop to discuss that
j question.
. _ It was also in evidence, that but for other press-
■ ing duties of the service at the time, General Jes-
; up wouid have ordered the trial of this negro by
a court martial, and that he would m all probabd-
, lty have suffered death for his coitespondeiice with
■ tiie enemy, and the betrayal of our troops. Tins,
- with the evidence that this negro " was as bad as
1 he was blight,"dangerous to Ins master and to his
mastei's neighbors, might be urged to show that
; a thousand dollars was an unreasonable claim for
| the negro; but the amount of the claim he should
I not attempt to discuss. Passing this over, then, U
S was plain that if there was no recaptme, the ught
of property in this negro (if he be regarded as prop-
erty) was fully vested m tiie Indians, and was not
distui bed by the an angement entered into between
■ General Jesup and the chief of the Senunoles on
■ the 6th of March, 1837. He was the property of
1 the Indians by virtue both of that convention and
; of the ri^'ht of capture. .Neither General Jtsup
, nor the United States could have any right to ie-
, turn him to his former ownei; but it was their
' duty to allow the Indians to take him with them,
1 along with their other property, to their new homes
| west ot the Mississippi river. Such was the con-
clusion ol his nnnd, if the negro wasto be regaided
as property.
; It the negro was not to be regarded as property,
. but as a person, and a prisoner of war, theie could
• ot course be no claim on the part of Pacheco. As
1 a pitsoner of war, not exchanged at the peace, he
: might decide to letnam in the hands or the coun-
try ot ins captors, and no claim could on that
account be made against the United States.
But it might be said that the Indians did not
1 regard or hold slaves as property. Suppose they
. did not. They found the negro 111 immediate con-
nection with a hostile force; they acquired the
right to him, if he was regarded as propeity, by
the right of capture, arid it was their right, thus
being the owneis of him, to emancipate and set
| him free, if they chose to do so. Il they did so
j under such circumstances, there was no right on
