252
THE CONRRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15,
questionable whether Pacheco was entitled to com-
pensation as against the United States. He would
not, however, enter upon the question of the au-
thority of General Jesup to send the ne?ro west,
if, as was claimed, he was the property of Pache-
eo. He (Mr. H.) did not propose to examine
that point, of the case. And he would not have
sought the floor at all upon this occasion, if the
declaration had not been made with such emphasis
by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Burt,] and other gentlemen who were in favor of
the passage of the bill, that there was no ground
upon which the payment of this claim could be
resisted, except the single one that slaves were not
property. So far as he (Mr. H.) was concerned,
(and such he knew, from the declarations of many
other memhera, to be their opinions also,) oppo-
sition to the bill was based upon other and entirely
different grounds.
As a lawyer, he could not deny, and he would not
deny, that under certain circumstances, the United
States were bound to regard slaves within the slave
States as property in the strict legal sense of that
term. He could not, and did not deny, that, under
certain circumstances, and to a qualified extent, the
Constitution and laws recognizcd colored persons
as property in the slave States. And he did not put
his vote upon the ground that they were not, and
could not be pioperty. He put it upon other and
distinct grounds. It had been said by the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Meaue,] that if this
House and this Congress refused to pay for this
slave, the Union was of no value to the South.
And he (Mr. H.) had understood the gentleman
to intimate, that if pay was refused, he was willing,
if not desirous, that the Union should lie dissolved;
that (to use an expression of his own) it was not
worLh the snap of his finger.
Mr. MEAD1£ disclaimed.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman repeat what
he did say'
Mr. MEADE said that he had stated, that if
slaves were not to be regarded as property under
the protection of the Constitution, and if that prop-
erty was not to be protected from aggressions, the
Union was of no value to the South.
Mr. HALL. Probably it is not important to
settle precisely what the gentleman did say in ref-
erence to this question. But J. undeistood him to
do that which 1 nevei will consent to do—to cal-
culate the value of this Union. I can tell the gen-
tleman from Virginia, that if I felt that there was
no other ground except the giouud that slaves—
colored persons—could not, under any circum-
stances, be consideied so far property as to entitle
their masters to compensation on their wrongful
conversion; if, 1 say, i felt that there was no other
ground on which J could justify a vote against this j
bill, I should be compelled to vote for it,
The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Meade] had
said that llieie was a slaveiy in this House  
Mr. MEADE desired to ask the gentleman j
whether, in saying that that was not the only |
giound which would inlluenee his vote, ho was to 1
be understood as saying that that would be a con-
sideration with him ? I
Mr. IXALL. I will tell the gentleman what in- |
iluence it has upon me. The gentleman says that :
there is a slavery existing m this House on the part j
of northern Representatives, which, if 1 understood 1
him, he characterized as more degrading and de-
basing than the African slavery of the South. And ; [
the gentleman intimated that members on this floor '!
were afraid of their constituents, and dare not give \
their votes in accordance with their views of ri"ht
and jus tier. °
Mr. MLADE. I said, afraid of one-tenth part
of their constituents, who hold the balance of pow- !
er between the parties. 'j
Mr. HALL. Well, then, afraid of one-tenth !
part of their constituents. 1 can say, for myself, '
that I have no fear of my constituents on this or
any other subject, if I give my vote m accordance
with my views of truth and justice. And espe- |
cially I have no fear of that portion of my constit-
uents which I suppose the gentleman intended to 1
designate as the tenth part of them. They never
elected, or voted for me; and they have not elected
more than live or six members on this side of the i
House 
Mr. MEADE. Has the question of slavery
any constdeiation with you m reference to this
bill ?
Mr. HALL. It has just this consideration with ij
j| me in giving my vote on this bill, and no more:
jl When gentlemen come here and ask me to vote
j' money out of the public treasury in payment for
!, a slave, for which slave it is said the Government
i| is liable to pay, I will see whether, according to
! the strict rules of law—according to the letter of
[j the bond—the United States are bound to pay. If
' 1 am satisfied that they are, I cannot, as an honest
i man and a legislator, refuse to vote in favor of the
j payment. But in a case of that character, I will
i not vote money as a gratuity in compensation for
a slave, which I would vote as a gratuity under
give, without reference to any party at home; and
I hope I may never be capable of cowardly yield-
ing the convictions of my own judgment in conse-
quence of the excited feelings of any portion of my
constituents. I have desired, too, that gentlemen
from the South, and the people of the South and
the North, should not remain under the impression
which the minority report in this case, and the
speeches of some of those who, at an early day
engaged in the debate, seemed likely to create, that
no northern man voted against the bill on any
ground other than that they would not under anv
ciicumstances very similar, but relating to prop- ]■. circumstances recognize the legal right denomi-
ftrfv rtf«nnrhr>i* Wirwl Wliftti n-p.nt.lAmpn r.nnif hftfp 1    ._ •   s
, erty of another kind. When gentlemen come here
and ask payment for slaves as property, they must,
1 before they can secure my vote, show that, by the
strictest rules of law, they are entitled to demand
i it. In any other case, where hardship has been
occasioned by the action of the Government, I will,
; as a matter of gratuity—just as wc would give a
pension, or pay for property where we were not
strictly liable—give my vote to make compensa-
tion. To that extent Una question of slavery shall
influence my vote in this case. I will vote no
natcd property in slaves.
Mr. TOOMBS obtained the floor;
motion,
The House adjourned.
when, on
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the mle, and referred :
By Mi. CONGER: The petition of citizens of Cayuga
county, New Ymk, for cheap postage. s
By Mr. BLANCO A III) : The petition ofsundry inhabitants
money from the treasury in a case like this, on the ! of Blair county, Pennsylvania, for an immediate repeat of
*\ , J , .. ' .Iw,    ~..A ......   ..I w  . t '
ground of moral, as distinguished from legal, obli-
gation; for i recognize only a legal, not a moral,
right to hold property in slaves.
But the gentleman says that there is a slavery
in this House, and that we of the North dare not |
vote in a particular manner, as our consciences j
would dictate. >
Mr. MEADE. Would the gentleman, as to the j
measuie of justice, apply a dill'crent rule to a slave- ;
holder fiom that which he would apply to a non- j
slaveholder? !
Mr. HALL. No, sir, not as to the measure of j
justice. 1 have explained myself upon that point 1
luily. And I will request the gentleman not further I
to interrupt me, but to give me the benefit of the I
short space of time that I have yet left. !
The gentleman has intimated that we dare not :
vote as our sense of justice prompts us, for fear of j
our constituents. I believe that my constituents :
would sustain me in giving any vote whicn my !
conscience approved, without reference to the con- I
sideration whether some of them would themselves |
have given the same vote under the same cir- ;
cumbtances. if they would not approve, 1 am J
contcnt. They have no more right to direct my
vote against my sense of justice, than they have 1
to direct that ot any other member ot this House, 1
or other citizen of this Union. 1 believe that i
they will not condemn me foi any vote which I 1
may honestly give, although 1 may have been :
mistaken m my judgment. If any constituency
desire a representative to vote agamst the dictates |j
i of his conscience, 1 cannot be a candidate lor their ']
j sulfiages. But 1 ask the gentleman fiom Virginia !'
I if llieie have not been uumc indications on this j|
( iloor that some southern gentlemen are influenced j|
to some extent, at least as much as noithern mem- . ■
bers, by the views and wishes of their constitu- ,!
ents? Why are they not willing to vote here to ||
make the same rules applicable to the District $
of Columbia, which the slavelioidmg States have
themselves adopted with refcience to the slave
trade, and to the purchasing and bunging slaves
from other slave States, within their boideis?
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McLane,]
told us the other day, that if a person biought a
slave into that {State fiom the State of Vngima or
elsewhere, for the purpose of sale, the slave be-
came ipso facto free. And yet if a slave were
brought into the District of Columbia under the
same circumstances, he would still be held as a
slave. Havetheconstituentsofsouthern gentlemen
nothing to do with their votes? 1 impeach the
votes of no man; but it seems to me that gentle-
men of the South should not cast such imputations
upon gentlemen of the North. I cast no imputa-
tions, and I will say no more upon a point which
I think it is better not to discuss heie, — one
which, in my judgment, should never have been
mooted in this House.
As I stated in the outset of my remarks, I had
no intention when I came here this morning to say
a word upon this bill; but 1 desired, if no other
gentleman did so, to indicate, as well as I could, !
some of the views which I have now endeavored
to express, i feel that 1 have not only the capa- '
city but the will to give upon tins floor, or else- ;
where, any vote upon a private bill, or public !
question, which stuct justice may require me to
the tin iff of 1646. and <i ic^toration of the tarifi ot 1842.
13j Mr. LYNDIS: The petition ol Theodoie p. Sexton
Joiui Maitin, and others, citizen* of ltacine and Walworth
counties Wi-connn, loi alteration of mail route b«n\veen
Ituchefter, Racine county, and tfpung Frame, Walworth
comm.
By Mr. NICOLL : Tho petition of F. G. Freeman, J. Wil-
liams, 11. Little, William Hall, and 311 others, ot the cjty of
New York, asking tor reduced and uniform l.itcs of postage,
and foi the .\lioh-hmentof the franking pnvilege.
By Mi. ATKINSON: The petition of Josiali Wiles, and
other*., of Noilolk, Virginia, asking that their bond foi cus-
toms may, foi reasons stated, tie cancelled.
J By Mr. BARLING • The petition ot snndiy inhabitants
; ol VVibcoiiHii, asking tor the e^ltihti^hment of annul route
tloin Dodirevilie, in the county of low a, to Adams, thecouu-
I ty i>edt of Sauk county.
liy Mr. CLARK, of Maine: The remonstrances of Joseph
! Chirk, and 5f>0 others, of W.ildohoro; of J. N. Bond, and 131
| others, ot Jeftei-on; ot Robert Robnt-on. and 1-28 otheis, of
; Wan en; ot Lewid Bateheldor, and 7,3 oilier, of Union, all
I against the division ot the Waldoboio collection district.
i By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: The memorial of the
! General Assembly of the Suite of lovva, prav in;r for Uie e&tan-
! I^hment of a marine hospital at Rock Island, in the Missis-
sippi river. Afso, a petition piaymg lb) an mciea>eol the
pennon of Isaac W. Griffith, who lost an arm m the Mexi-
can war. Also, a petition prajmg for a grant of the public
lands to aid in the improvement of the navigation ot the
uver. AHo, a joint les-olution of the General As>embly ac-
cepting a reeonnoissanco and preliminary Hiivcy of a con-
templated railroad from Uubuquo, via Iowa City, to Keokuk;
and instructing their Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress to prociue a srant of land to aid in its const) uetion.
By Mr. NfCOLL: The memorial of the Suu Mutual In-
«ni-ancp Company; the Atlantic Mutual Insurance Com-
pany; Badger, Peck, & Co.; Kalph Post,and others, under-
writers and persons engaged in eommeicc in the citj of
New Yoik, praying that additional appropriations mny be
made by Conffies-s for the continuance of the observations
and publications made under the direction of Lieutenant
Maury.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 15, 1S49.
Mr. Greene, of Rhode Island, appeared in his
seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a report
from the Secretary of the Senate, of the number
and compensation of the clerks employed in his
office during the year 1848; which was ordered to
be printed.
i
i MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
petition from publishers of periodicals in Boston,
asking that they may be allowed to exchange their
publications fieeof postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a petition from Lieu-
tenant Reeves, a first lieutenant of United States
artillery, and adjutant of the Military Academy,
asking to be allowed the pay and emoluments of an
adjutant of dragoons; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition from citizens
of Providence, Rhode Island, asking for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage, and the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was referred to the
Committee on the Po&t Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of an appropriation
of lands, for the purpose of constructing a railroad
from Dubuque to Keokuk, in Iowa; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES presented a petition from the Legis-
lature of Iowa, asking an appropriation of land on
Rock Island, in the Mississippi river, for the con-
