1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
250
struction of a marine hospital on that island; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. J. also presented a petition from the Legis-
lature of Iowa, asking a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a canal from Iowa City to the mouth
of Iowa river; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. J. also presented a petition from the Gen-
eral Assembly of Iowa, asking an increase of
pension for Isaac W. Griffith, a soldier in the
revolutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented the memorial
of Henry O'Reilly, charging arbitrary conduct on
the Judge of the United States District Court in
the State of Kentucky, in a matter to which said
O'Reiliy was a party, and complaining of the
evils of hasty legislation on subjects afleeting the
judiciary of the country and the proper execution
of the patent laws. In doin  so, he said: Mr.
President, towards the close of the last session of
Congress I obtained leave to bring in a bill to
change the terms of holding the circuit and district
courts for the district of Kentucky. This bill was
passed. Yesterday I received a letter from Mr.
Henry O'Reilly, and likewise a memorial from
him to the Cungiess of the United States,in which
he charges that that application to me for the
change of the terms of holding the courts had
something like a sinister object on the part of
those who made the application.
At the time that I obtained leave to bring in that
bill, and when it was passed, I had no other object
in view than to accommodate the judge of the dis-
trict court who had received an appointment to
preside over a law school m Louisiana. Thinking
that the change would accommodate him, and that
it would not compromise the public service, I cor-
dially supported the Lull. This memorial and the
letter accompanying it seem to intimate that the
object of that application to me was to get rid of
the district judge, and thus give to the judge of the
circuit court the entire control of the cases 111 the
two courts, and that in this way the interests of
the suitors in the courts have been greatly in-
jured.
I make this statement, sir, as a preface to the
motion which 1 will now make to refer the memo-
rial and letter of Mr. O'Reilly to the Judiciary
Committee. I hope they will tcike the subject
into consideiation, and ascertain whether any
injury has been done to the interests of suitors m
making this change, and see whether there is any
foundation for the charge here made against the
circuit judge; and if so, how it can be remedied.
I feel it my duty to state, on this occasion, that
I have known Judge Monioe for thirty yeais
past, and that I do not believe there is any founda-
tion for any charge which in the smallest degree
impeaches his motives in this transaction. How-
ever, 1 conceive it to be my duty to bring a me-
morial from any citizen before the Senate, and
therefore I move that this subject be referred to
the proper committee.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petiiion from
citizens of Buffalo, JNew York, praying for the
construction of a national railroad from the Mis-
souri river to the Pacific Ocean; which was referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. STURGEON presented three memorials
from citizens of Montgomery and other counties of
Pennsylvania, praying lor a change m the rates of
the tariff duties; which was referred to the Com- !
mittee on Finance.
Also, from citizens of Lancaster county, in the
State of Pennsylvania, asking a modification of the
present tariff; which was reterred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from Peter
Parker, asking payment of a balance due to him
as interpreter and translator to United States agents
in China; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial of the j
Legislature of Arkansas, in favor of granting \
bounty lands to all officers and soldiers who have I
been engaged in actual service, and have never yet
received any; which was referred to the Committee j
on Military Affairs. I
Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial from the j
Genera! Assembly of Arkansas, asking a donation j
of land to the Clarksville Institute, for the educa- i
tion of the blind; which was referred to the Com- j
imttee on Public Lands. I
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition from the
widow and children of John Robertson, deceased,
a soldier m the last war with Great Britain, asking
for a new bounty land warrant m lieu of one which
is lost or destroyed; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
Hiram Smith, a register m the land office in Cham-
pagnolle, Arkansas, asking for the allowing of cer-
tain charges and commissions in the settlement offied to confine the operation of my resolution to
his accounts; which was referred to the Committee j! the Naval Committee alone.
on Claims, j| Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I have been
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of unable to understand the nature of the resolution
Henry M. Rector, asking for the confirmation ofreferred to by the Senator from Florida, and from
make no objection to the resolution now offered,
although I hope that its operation may not be ex-
tended to other committees, because I know that
there were a great many important measures re-
ferred to various committees at the last session
which have not been acted upon, and which I
would like to have acted upon during the present
session.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I shall be satis-
his title to certain lands in the State of Arkansas
which was leferred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
UNFINISHED BUSINESS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE. There was passed a short time
since a resolution which directed the Clerk to re-
turn to the committees of the Senate all the papers
which were given into his charge at the last ses-
sion, and which had not been favorably acted
j the operation of which he wishes that h's commit-
; tee may be exempted. For the purpose of ascer-
J taming its purport, I ask that the resolution may
I be read.
i The resolution was read accordingly.
! Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I will state that
a resolution has been already passed recommitting
to the committees all bills and resolutions not yet
acted upon. To that there is no objection. Hut
this resolution carries back to the committees the
upon. When that resolution was passed the other (j whole mass of petitions and other papers which
day, on motion of the Senator from Louisiana, I
was not present, or I should have objected to it.
It will cover an immense mass of cases, the most
of which, I am told, do not again need considera-
tion by the Senate committees. Those which the
committees need have been returned to them. I
understand it will take a week to collect these pa-
pers, as there are upwards of seven hundred of i! them not acted upon?
them, and they having been filed in their appro- ;j Mr. YULEE, (m his seat.)
are now on file, thus overwhelming the committees
with a vast amount of unnecessary business. It
is to this that I object.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator from Flor-
ida allow me to inquire whether the committee of
which he is chairman was not discharged at the
close of the last session from all business before
pnate departments.
Now, in behalf of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, I object to their receiving again Cor consid-
eration a bundle of trash which was decided upon
unfavorably at the last session, and which, upon
my motron, was given in charge of the Clerk, as
unnecessary for further consideration. By this
resolution ail these cases will be returned to us,
and we will have to go over our labor again,
thereby giving us much unnecessary trouble. My
desire in rising was to ask the Senator who moved
this resolution, that he so modify it as to apply it
to his own committee; or, at all events, that the
Committee on Naval Affairs be excluded from its
operation. Chairmen of other committees may
determine foi themselves whether they will receive
these papers or not.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. Piesident, I do not un-
derstand that the effect of this resolution will be
such as the Senator from Florida supposes it will
be. I do not understand that the resolution offered
by the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,]
and which was adopted by the Senate, authorizes
necessarily that all papers which were before the
committees at the last session, and were not acted
upon, should be referred back to the committees
which had them respectively under consideration
at the last session. There is a rule of the Senate
; which declares that all papers on file must remain
; there unless otherwise ordered by the Senate.
i The operation of the resolution adopted by the j
i Senate is not to take all the papers unacted upon ;
' and put them before the various committees that I
; have had them under previous consideration. That !
i would be repealing a rule ol the Senate which ex- :
i pressly declaies tnat all papers on the file must re-
main there until otherwise ordered by the Senate.
; I think, therefore, that the apprehensions of the
, Senator from Florida in relation to the operation of
■ the lesolution are groundless.
Mr. DOWNS. The object of the resolution
which I offered some time since was, to continue
before the committees papers and business not
, finished at the close of the last session of Con-
■ gress. I thought the resolution would tend to
1 facilitate business, inasmuch as there was a great
deal unacted upon when Congress adjourned. But,
1 from what the chairman of the Committee on Na-
! val Affairs has stated, it seems that that committee
is somewhat differently situated from the rest of
the committees; having examined all the subjects
submitted tor their consideration at the last session,
j before the close of the session they came in and
were discharged in the usual order. But there are
| many important matters lying over that were not
1 acted-upon at ail at the last session, and the object
of my resolution was, to save the trouble of re-
porting upon and referring back each separate
i case, but that they might all stand just as they
I were at the close of the session. I therefore shall
Yes, sir.
Mr. BERRIEN. These papers, then, are not
before them?
Mr. YULEE. So I should suppose; but the
Secretary informs me that all these papers have
been sent back to the committee looms. If the
substance of the resolution be as stated by the
Senator from Georgia, I shall make no objection
against it.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, previous to the
j adoption of the resolution just read, the Committee
on Naval Affairs had returned many papers, peti-
tions, &c., and asked to be discharged from the
further consideration of them. They were dis-
charged; and there were several other committees
in the same situation. Now, all the papers from
the further consideration of which the committees
were discharged remain on the files of the Senate,
unless by the order of the Senate they shall be
returned to the committees. In other words, the
Secretary of the Senate does not necessarily cany
these papers back into the committee rooms from
which they were returned to the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, if that be the
undeistandmg of the gentleman who introduced
the resolution, I iiave no objection to it.
Here the conversation dropped.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Commit-
tee on Finance was discharged from the further
consideiation of a petition from the President and
Fellows of Harvard College for leave to import
certain instruments free of duty, on the ground that
the case had been provided for; and they were laid
on the table.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the Committee on
Finance was discharged from the further consid-
eration of a bill for the relief of the Red River
Railroad Company.
Mr. DAY1S, fiom the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
memorial of John B. Emerson, reported the follow-
ing resolution, which was considered and agreed
to:
ReioJveil. That the petition and pap^i* ol John B. Emer-
son In* referred to tilt President ot the United States, and
that he be r^questwfl to cau^e a repoit thereon to he m ree
to the Senate, wheiem the public officer making *ueh im-
port fliail state ni what ca-^o, jf nnv, the United Slates
have u*ed or employed the invention ot' said Emerson,
contrary to km ; arid" lurtUei, whether any compensation
tl.eielor is ju.-tly due to said F.moraon ; and if >o, to what
annual m ( acli ease.
Mr. METCALFE submitted the following vesc-
lution, which was considered and agreed to:
Kesohcd. That the ^eeietary ot the Navy be directed to
inform the Senate whether any contract ha* been enter- d
into for the supply ot tSie American navj with water mtted
hemp, under the lesolution pa-?ed duimg the ia-t somoii of
Congress, and approved 9th Ma>, lS4c; and if >o, with
whom, and upon ivh.it terms , and if no mu h contract ha*
been made, whethei any permanent ai ransienient tor obtain-
ing supplies o! that article ha* been made, and it s-o, \v,th
whom, and the nature ol the aimn^einont, and whether the
