254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1.5,
Unhed States hemp a*ent, (Mr. Lewis Sander*,) has been
nst, ucted to ? u-pend purchases.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, reported a bill authorizing a
patent to be issued to W. Green, Jr.; winch was
read a first time.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, submitted a minority report on the bill for
the admission of California into the Union as a
Slate, together with certain amendments, and moved
that the report and the amendments be printed for
the use of the Senate.
Mr. BERRIEN inquired if it was according to
the usages of the Senate for minouues of commit-
tees to make reports to the Senate which had not
been submitted ro the committees.
Mr. DOWNS responded tiuu lie had pursued
what he believed to be the ordinary course in such
case?.
Mr. DAYTON" said that trie truer and better
practice was, that minouues should submit their
views to the committees, fur the reports of minori-
ties might sometimes influence the action of ma-
' jorities. He had no wish to occasion any delay,
but at the same time he would like to inspect tne
report which had just been submitted.
Mr. KING remaiked, that a practice had grown
up in the Senate, in an evil hour, by which minor-
ities of committees weie permuted to submit re-
ports duectly to the Senate. The practice was a
recent one, and he was not awaie of mure than
half a dozen cases in which it had occurred. He
believed it to be a wrong practice. He did not
Wi-di to be undeistood as objecting in this paiticu-
lar rase, inasmuch as it seemed, the other day,
when the majouty repoit was presented, to 0c
conceded by general consent that the minority
should make a leport. That being granted, and
as the Senator who made this mmotuy lepoit had
simply expressed his views—views which were m
part expressed in debate on a preceding day—and
submitted an amendment to the bill for the action
of the Senate, he had no objection to offer. The
practice, however, was a bad one, and should not
be encouraged, except in cases for winch strong
reasons should be found.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, concurred gen-
et ally with the views expressed by the gentleman
from Alabama, but not with all of them. Lie con-
curred with that gentleman that this was a practice
u Inch had gradually grown up m the Senate ; but
he had i iseu to say that he did not consider that
what is hcic called a minority report was any re-
port at nil. It whs not entith d to that appellation
m any rc-pcct. It was simply the views ol the
rnmonty of the committee, and it was merely as a
matter of indulgence that it was received at all. It
hmi, nevei lh< h'>s, become a practice to recei ve and
print Mich documents.
Mr. l>EliIUEN suggested that the document 1
should have been fust submitted to the committee. [
Mi. DAVIS inquired why it should be submit-
ted to the committee. Was it open to amendment? '
Did the comnnttec propose to adopt it." It was ■
true, as had been said, that the committee might be :
influenced by it, but that was only so fat as the
committee might concur in its propriety. But he !
dul not think that was the usual course. The usual 1
course was that which hud been pursued by the '
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,] to sub- \
rmt a minority leport to the Senate, or to the i
House of Representatives, and the simple question !
was, whether they would so far indulge the minor- '
iry by printing their views. He could notseeany j
good reason for committing this document to the i
committee. j
Mr. CLAYTON said he believed the usual '
practice had been to punt reports of minorities of j
committees. It was true, as had been said by the 1
gentleman fiom Alabama, that such a practice had 1
grown up; but however objectionable the practice
wight be oidmanly, heappi ehended that objections j
would not be urged now, for this was an extraor- ;
dirury case, irJe believed most Senators were :
anxious to hear the views of the Senator from ;
Louisiana on this interesting subject; and because :
it way an important subjcct lie should vote for ;
printing this paper. lie did not suppose it was j
necessary to icfer it back to the committee, and he .
hoped it would be printed, for he desired that the !
Senate .should be. put in possession of the views of j
the minority of the committee. i
Mr. FOOTE said he apprehended the gentleman I
from Massachusetts was in error respecting Sen-
atorial usage when he undertook to assert that this
could not be called a minority report. Reports
from minorities of committees nad aiways been
called reports in cougiessional pat lance.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, assured the
gentleman from Mississippi that the earlier prac-
tice was, to call them the views of the minority of
a committee, and not reports. They had not been
so entitled until these modern times.
Mr. FOOTE well recollected the minority report
on the national bank question, and a great variety
of others, which supported the position lie had
taken. And he must still insist that this was a
congressional report, and was entitled to be treated
as such in all respects. If he did not greatly err,
it was m accordance with Senatorial usage to de-
nominate the embodied views of the mmoiity of a
comnnttec in such a foitn as had been adopted in
the case before them as a lepoit. it was entitled
to be read and printed for the u*>e of this body, and
for the information of the public, for piecisely the
same reasons whicli claimed the reading and print-
ing of a rnajoriLy report. It was only in tins way
that the views which it contained, tne statements
offact embodied m it, and its general argumentation
could be fairly appreciated lieie and elsewheie. It
was a report even in the grammatical sense, if
j gentlemen wished to be hypercntical on such a
1 point—the word report being compounded of two
1 well known Latin teims, winch imply a bringing
' orcanying back, in tins sense the word report.
| simply means a bringing back into a legislative
, asseniuiy the subject lefeited to a committee, with
! the views of such committee thereupon; and it was
; proper that, upon so important a subject, at so pe
cuiiar a cwsis, such a leport as that just offered to
; the Senate should receive the most hbetal treatment
i at their hands, and he hoped it would have the
most salutary effect elsewheie.
i But he would not prolong this discussion, which
\ he deemed by no means a profitable one. He had
, meicly n.sen to ask that the leport be read, and,
! when it should have been read, he believed no
! doubt would remain of the piopriety of printing
! it.
| Mr. DAYTON suspected that the Senator from
i Mississippi was labeling under a misapprehension.
! He, for one, was not opposed to the printing at
J all. The remarks which lie had made, and hebe-
j heved those of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
King,] too, were meieiy in icference to the general
practice; and, as to the general propriety of an
interchange of views m committee there could be
, no doubt. When the membeis of a court dissented,
, it was the piactice, and a couiteous and propei
, practice, to consult; and so it should be with com-
mittees. But peihaps it was or less importance m
tins case, because ihey had had the views of tile
gentleman 1'iom Louisiana [Mr. DovvxsJ from his
place m tne Senate.
Mr. FOOTE had not expected to hear a lecture
on the general practice or general propriety, but
had supposed that all tins argumentation was ap-
plicable to the case in hand. jNow, however, lie
understood it was not so, and that tins discussion
with which they had been favored did not pertain
to the question betoie the Senate. That being so,
and after the enjoyment of all the pleasure and
delight which it was possible to deuve from the
lecture which they had heard, and as all now
seemed to concur m the propriety of printing tins !
report, he trusted they would advance a step [
further, to wit, to the reading of the.report, for he !
believed all wished to hear it. The report of the ;
majority was read, and lie wished to hear this i
report also. i
Mr. BERRIEN said he believed this discussion i
had arisen, not tiom ciny objection to the printing, !
but from an inquiry winch he made, whether the
manner in vvhicn it came befoie the Senate was I
according to the usage of the body.
After a few words of explanation between Mr. i
FOOTE and Mr. BERRIEN, the call for the read- ;
ing of the document was withdrawn, and it was ;
ordered to be printed. 'j
JUDICIARY REPORT. j'
Gn motion of Mr. KUNTELt, the Senate re- ''
sumed the consideration of a motion, submitted :
so.i.e days since, to punt 10,000 copies of the re- 1
port of Uie Commit'ee on the Judicialy, on the bill
for the admission of California into the States of j'
the Union. li
The motion was then modified, so as to include
the minority report presented to-day by Mr
DOWNS; and was then agreed to.
LAND TITLES IN NEW MEXICO AND CALI-
FORNIA.
On motion of Mr. BENTON", the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for ascertaining
claims and titles of land within the Territory of
California and New Mexico; to grant donation
rights, and to provide for the survey of the lands
therein; which was under discussion on Friday
last, and informally passed over.
11 Mr. BENTON. As I stated to the Senate on
f Fuday, I am opposed to the whole scheme or plan
i' contained in the bill which is now before the Sen-
! | ate; and I piopose to substitute foi it a plan founded
on an entirely different principle. The piincmle
i1 of the bill now before the Senate is found m the
T first sections of the bill, which I will read to the
■! Senate:
'■ " Src. 1. That for the put pose of ascertaining the claims
and urU-s to landa within the Tciritcr> of California and
ii New Mexico, <u> required !>y the tteatj of second ot fehiu-
: i arj, eighteen hu-idred and foit}-eight, find for Mjrv<-\ u g and
selling the public ImjkN, time shall he appointed by the
President, by and witu the advice and cogent ot the >en-
11 ate, .1 surveyor general, a register ofl.uuL, and a u-e< nei of
i, public mone^, who shall aet conjointly a& a bourn of eom-
J ujiM-iotiPis to adjudicate laud chum-.
,i " t<LC. -2. They shall ptoeeed to hold tluir serious as
i' connm.-sio.iPis soon as piacticablf, at si.oh points as
i' may he dnected by the President, mvmg public notice m
| i-oitte nevv.-paper printed at each phce, oi it time be no
ji ue\v-p;iptii. at the most public places at those point-, re-
j, selectively, of the tune at vvmeh their si-^ions- \vi,l com-
: mencc, requiring all pcis-ons to bung toivvaid their eiann<,
| witli evidence hece>sary to sup.ioit them. Their last ?0i-
j s-ion shall terminate on the thntj"th of cv'pfMubci, one
I thousand ei^ht hundred and fitty-one, when *.ud eoinmi&-
i, sioneis sirtll foiward to the Secrelary of the TieriMny, to
;[ he ^submitted to Consuls, a dt-tuied r-taiement oi ad they
■ ' have done; arid d'-Jner over to the '-urv< \ or jjeueral all the
! aielnve.v, document*, and paper?, that may be m then pos-
' i se-j-ion." *■ * ? ■% *■ * > -v
The first objection I have to this bill is, that it
couples California and New Mexico in one single
j general land surveying district. The two counties
,i are put together in one land district, and all the
!' business which belongs to both is to be transacted
m m one office, which office can only be in one of the
I two countries. Now, California and New Mexico
| have been always politically totally distinct, and
j ate geographically widely separated fiom each
, other. Each consists of a mere string of setile-
; merits, one upon the Rio Giande del Norte, a river
falling into the Atlantic ocean, the other, a string
j of settlements along the coast of the Pacific. Be-
j1 tween them is a wilderness country of about a
thousand miles in extent, the whole of it the un-
disputed dominion of savages, over which no man
1 travels except with a force sufficient to protect his
| hfeand propeity, moving militarily and encamping
I' every night under the guaid of sentinels, while
jj traveling between the two countries. These Wo
<: countries have never had any political connection
whatsoever. Few of the inhabitants of eithei have
■ ! ever been in the other. And to require the people
j; of cither of these strips to traverse this wilderness
!' and go to the other for the purpose of transacting
their business, is to impose on them a hardship
j which is intolerable—to impose on them a task
which cannot be performed. There is a total dis-
j ability of performing it, and when the surveyor
j genetdl's office shall be established at San Fran-
cisco, as under this bill it is to be, the people of
|j Nesv Mexico may give up all thought or expecta-
m tion of having their business done by this Board
of Commissioners. That is one objection to uni-
ting these two countries in one Und'distnct. But
there is another, which must sugrgesr itself at once
to the mind of every Senator. New Mexico is a
country of indefinite boundaries; it is a country
about the boundary of winch a serious question is
impending—which question, sooner or later, must
receive its solution—and when it comes up, it will
be large enough to occupy exclusively the authori-
ties who may hftve charge ot the settlement of it.
The bill before us does not undeitake to settle its
boundailes A nd it would be most injudicious and
improper for it to undertake to do so. There are
questions enough in the bill without mixing them
up with the question of boundary between Texas
and i\'ew Mexico. The biil does not undertake to
fix the boundai y, and it is right in making no such
attempt.
But it is equally wrong in undertaking to join
together New Mexico and California, when one
of those countries has no boundaries by which the
