1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
practical operation under this bill is to be governed.
Ti (ii^iry insinuations must be sent out to ihe sur-
veyors denning the boundaries. Their settlement
will 'become a su.ject, not of law or legislation,
but of an Rxecutive otder. Sir, we ail know the
usual course of such things. If this bill should be
passed. New Mexico, having no definite bound-
ary, it must be acted on nevertheless; instructions
must a;o out under it; and the rule of practice is,
that the instructions are to make precise and defi-
nite whatever is indefinite and unascertained, in-
structions must, then, go out, if the bill be passed,
by which the surveyois will have a boundary
given to them, up to which they shall woik,and
beyond which they shall not go. And thus we
shall have devolved upon the Secietaiy of the
Treasury, as the head of the land department, the
settlement of the great question of boundary be-
tween Texas and New Mexico. The mischief
that must arise from such a pioceeding is too pal-
pable to require that 1 should add a single word
upon this p^int. it is manifest that it is import-
ant to keep the two countries distinct; that it is
utterly out of the question to combine theiri, one
of them beiiiir without definite boundaiies, leaving
it to the deputy purveyors hereafter, under Treas-
ury orders, to say whete the boundary is. I caie-
fully abstain from saying one woid about the
boundary of Texas, because it is not my intention
to be the means of occasioning one wotd to be
spoken on this bill which is not pertinent to its
merits.
He *e, then, is a preliminary objection to the
bill, that of combining two countries geographi-
cally and politically .separated from each other, and
of sending a quesuon of boundary to be decided
by Rxerutive msti actions to deputy surveyors. It
is in reference to this part of the bill that the in-
sf.uctions which I have proposed require the com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill for California alone, leaving out New Mex-
ico to take her chance hereafter. And while at
this point 1 will Ray that, in my opinion, there is
little occasion for any surveyor general's office in
New Mexico—take the boundary of it where you
please. From what I know of that country—a
country which has been settled foi at least two
handled and fifty yeais—theie are no public lands
in it. iSo far from there being any vacant land,
you stand a better chance of finding titles piled
upon each other three or four deep. But with re-
spect to California, theie are public lands there,
and for the suivey of those lands provision ou?ht
to be made. Some bill with respect to them will
be required. The one which has been presented
by the committee, I undertake to say—although
the committee luve copied an old plan which has
been heretofore used—is a plan winch is in viola-
tion of the treaty between the United States and
Mexico; it is a plan m violation of the law of na-
tions; it is a plan in violation of the decisions of
the Supieme Court of the United States, made in
similar ca^es. It is a plan unjust in itself, and
equivalent in its operation to an entire confiscation
of the whole, landed property of California and
New Mexico, These are large objections which
I take to this plan, Mr. President, and which I will
proceed to sustain by a more extended examination.
In the first place, the surveyor general of public
lands, and the register or receiver, or other officer
constituting the board—no matter who—are made
comioiesimieis for the purpose of dccidmg upon
land titles; and to that end ail the titles of the
country are to be brought before them to be exam-
ined into and adjudicated upon, and withm two
years to be returned to the Government of the Uni- '
ted States heie, with the opinion of the commis-
sioners m each case, having themselves no author-
ity to confnm anything where the amount of the
grant exceeds one thousand acres. This is one
general impeachment of all the land titles of Cali-
fornia end New Mexico. It is an assumption made
by this Government that every title in those terri-
tories is invalid; and an affirmation that not one of |
them should be confirmed until legislatively passed
upon by the Confess of the United States; for tins
board of commissioners is to make a return of their
proceedings to the Secretary of the Treasury, who j
is to lay them before Congress, and Congress is to j
pass in detail upon every claim. i
Sir, this is bringing the legislative power to j
decide judicial questions. It is tiist providing a !
board to impeach every title in the country—to m- j
validate every title—to arraign every title—with |
no power to confirm any claim that exceeds one
thousand acres; and I apprehend there never was
a grant made m Mexico ui California of less than
a league or half a league—4,4*}8 or 2/214 acres
square. I never heard of a grant being made of
less. The board can confirm nothing. And when
they have thus examined into every title, the case
is to be sent here to the Congress of the United
States for legislative action m passing upon judicial
questions concerning titles. Sir, this is a con-
founding of the legislative power with the judicial
power; and it is subjecting claimants who have
rights to all the humiliation of being peuuoiieis
begging favors. It is to subject the man who iias
a claim of right in his hands to the degradation and
uncertainty of petitioning for a favor. It is pro-
posing to do a thing which cannot be done under
the treaty—winch cannot be done without a viola-
tion of the treaty—which cannot be done under the
law of nations, without a violation of the law of
nations—which cannot be done under the decisions
of the Supieme Court, without a violation of those
decisions—which cannot be done at all, without
carrying alarm, consternation, and ruin through-
out the enure provinces of California and New
Mexico.
What is to be the practical operation of it?
How is this thing going to work? What is the
test by which the legislature is to construe them r
There are three men constituting the boaul of
commissioners, who are to be invested with power
to bring before them the claims to land of every
inhabitant of California and New Mexico for the
purpose of examining his title. They make their
examination, and afterwards make a report or re-
turn of the cases to the Congress of the United
States. Each claimant throughout the entire coun-
try is to come with his title, and make it good be-
fore a board to be composed of foreigners, whose ,
language they cannot speak. Terror and conster-
nation will pervade the land when these iMe\icans ;
and Cahfornians, a conquered people, a helpless
people, ignorant of our language, find that the
veiy titles to their property aresubjected, not even
to the law under winch they have lived, but to the
pleasure of the agents ot their conquorors. iiow !
is H to act, sir? At the first summons to appear
before such a board, I say—and i say it with a
knowledge of what took place under similar boaids
in Louisiana—terror and consternation will per-
vade the land. What is the fnstfeebng of these
foreignets'—I call them foieigners because they
area conquered people not yet assimilated to us:
their fiist feeling is, we are m the hands of our
conquerors, of those who do not speak our lan-
guage, who have power to do whattiiey please.
And, sir, what is the means winch suggests itself to j
them as a chance of savmgsome part ot their prop-
erty from this new tribunal, and from those who j;
possess unlimited povverovei them? Tiiefiistfeelmg :j
is—i know it well—that they must go to an Amen- J
can, to one of those who belong to the nation which j j
had conquered them, and has absolute pmveruver
them, and they must give him half as compensu- j!
tion for going before the boaid and siumg the ;!
other half. That is the feeling, and that is the
way in which they will feel compelled to proceed, j
When they have given one-hal!—for that is the
usual proportion—when they have given one-lull ;
to get an advocate to <^o befoie the comnussionei s,
there is then no powei of deciding upun tases com- 1
prchendm£ rnoic than a thousand aeies. Theie
ate no such quan'ities. It is then the claimant ;
must follow his land to the Congiess of the United
Stales, thiee thousand miles distant fiom the coun-
try where these peopie live. What, then, is to be
done ? Then they must employ that agent ot some 1
other to follow the claim these tlnec thousand
miles across the continent to the seat of the bed*
eral Government, and there become an humoie 1
suitor before the Congress to get then claim heard
and adjudicated. And what must they pay foi this
fuithei agency? Happy will they be it they get
off with loss of the half of the leinaioing half.
Happy, in fact, if they obtain any deeis<on at all—
if they do not like Louisiana claimants, sue m ,j
vain to Congiess ten, twenty, thirty yeats, foi ,
an acknowledgment of their lights. Forty years <
have elapsed, and nany of t'-iese claims aie yet r
unadjusted, the claimants m the mean time, some j
bankrupt and dead, otheis clinging to a last hope, .
and spending the Lst dollar m annual attendance .<
upon the two Houses of Congress. As it was in
Louisiana, under former boards of commissioners, lj
, so will it be, and worse, because more distant, with
the peopie of New Mexico and California, if this
board is established there. Senators from States
once a part of Louisiana know full well the truth
of what I say. They know the ruin brought upon
, many claimants in 'Upper and Lower Louisiana.
| They know that many lost their homes, which
I they had received from the Soamsh Government;
! that many, wearied out and disgusted, abandoned
their possessions, and went off to Mexico to obtain
, new grants from that Power; and that, m fact,
! Texas was largely peopled m that way from Mis-
souri.
| I repeat it: Bad as things were under these
boards in Upper and Lower Louisiana, it will be
far \voise with these people of New Mexico and
1 California, so much more distant, so much more
, helpless, so much more ignorant of our real char-
' acter, and finding themselves to be a helpless, con-
quered people. Terror and consternation will
invade them: to purchase protection by giving up
; half their pioperty will be their resource—and that
! an unavailing one; for the commissioneis are to
have power to impeach everything—to invalidate
; everything—and to confirm nothing. For there is
no grant of one thousand acres in California or
New Mexico: they £0 there by leagues and half
leagues; and this maximum of one thousand acres
' is not over a divisional fi action of any giant. No
, grant nan be divided by any number winch will
i end with one thousand; it will be moreorless.
! New Mexico was conquered and settled by the
' Spaniards in 1594—the same century that Cortes
1 conquered old Mexico—and ten years before Vir-
:i gmta was settled. Two hundred and fifty years
, have elapsed since that country was granted to iis
; conqueror, Don Juan de Onate: almost ten gener-
1 aiions have Jived and died there. Yet they are
all to be called upon now to show their land titles,
! and to prove them also, back to the time of the con-
, quest. All titles are to be ripped up, and rooted
up, back to the original grant, two hundred and fifty
years ago. "What would Virginia say if she had
been conquered by a foreign Power, and should be
■ served in the same manner? What would happen
in that State if conquered, and called upon by the
, conqueror, every one to produce his title, and make
it good, and wait upon Congress as humble peti-
tioners, until it was acknowledged ?—make it good
' up to the time of King James the First and Sir
, Walter Raleigh? Such a thing could not be done
m Virginia; but the United States is strong enough
to do what is worse m New Mexico, and will t'o
| it if this bill is passed, establishing a board of com-
: missionets to impeach all titles,and send all cla.m-
i ants here to Congress to supplicate the legislative
1 power to spare their lands.
| California was settled in 1770—above three-quar-
; ters of a century ago—cotempoiary with the settle-
j ment of Kentucky, and grants have been going on
; ever since. What \vould Kentucky say, if con-
j quered, and her conqueioi should lequne every
I landholder to bring in jus title, and place it bcfoic a
■ board with power to condemn all and to confinn
none, and with the privilege to the impeached owner
to go three thousand miles to some strange legisla-
ture to supplicate for the land of his fathers? Ken-
tucky would not submit; and yet the Califoimans
must submit to the sum'3, and worse, if this bill
passes, it is a biii tantamount m us effects to the
general confiscation of ail the land titles m Cali-
fornia and New Mexico. I say tins is a violation
of the treaty. I will iead:
"Aui. VIII. Mexicans no\v e^t ibh^hed jn tTt iMues pic-
vioii bri-mirism u> M .\ic\i, and which lrmam I'm tile future
wit: i in the hums oi the I'niL.d State.*, a- dinned by the pj < >-
t i:t tieat\, .-hall 'so !.to eonnn ie vvheM they now rc-ide,
oi t*> n. m>>ve ,a an\ mne to the >u u< an Republic, -,Uuinii g
t-'ic >>ro, cit'i i. inn they pjsicss )n s< id tuntwe^ ot <Lsj.o->i«g
the; eoi, und / emoting inc joocc^ik aherenr thn; /ile :<-e, u mi-
otic tictr being i-ubjt ( led on tins aec ount to a«i) cu.iuiim-
hon, t.t\. oi coulee \\ nat' ver. * *" In lhe -aid 'i er-
Htniio.s piopeitv of even Kind now belon^in^ to Mex'e.tns
not e-Jt.ibli>ht'd thei*3 shall bi inviolably ie-i> elect, 'i ne
pie>< nt oiViier*, the, h'-ir& of the-e, ami ail \ic uk- \vl o
inav her.'-ut.-T a< quire pioj/eit.', bv conti/u-t, -li;.il i*n;oy with
irsju.-et to it iiuanmh-vo equally ample a* U the Mine bo
lOilL'i'd to Citx/.'l^ Of the United t>iate«.'}
lvx\.R'i IX. Mexicans who, jd ihe Torritoiio«. nfuir-ni.',
.-hah not ptcsei ve the <. iiaiacter ot eitiz- ns of the .Mexican
ILepubho c ontui ni.tlily with wh.it stijmlitfd m tie pie-
ecdnig ainele, -h.iil Ix lucoipoiati d into tbe Uioon ot liie
Udite-i Si<ue- . ami be admiued at the prop.o ti t>< (to be
j.uUed of hv the (Int'giO-s <>t ill,' Cnit'-n to the t n;ov-
iucnt ot ali the i ubt- ot (ii'/.e;:- ot th" I'm ted s?.,ite-, <i- -
Lord;!':: to the piiuup>es ot the C.>n-taUtt> is. r.nd, in the
mean t.u<e, ^ha i be nuiinti'.ncl and potidvJ in the i'n e < n-
jojment ot then hbdttv and pr >p ji tv and -i cured m the !iee
eiereue ot their«rehgion without uMricuou."
