250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 15.
Here is not only an assurance, but an absolute ,
stipulation that their property should be inviolably :
respected; that the owners shall be at liberty to use !
it at their pleasure—selling it, and removing with ;
the proceeds as they think proper. And, in the 1
face of this positive stipulation for the inviolable :
respect of property, here is a bill for the impeach-
ment and for the destruction of their titles—for the \
depreciation of their property—for rendering it
useless and valueless. The title is impeached the
very instant it is carried before the board: that very ,
instant the treaty is violated. So far from being
respected, the title is arraigned, the value depressed
at least one-half or three quarters. Do we not all
know that the value of the unconfirmed lands in 1
Louisiana were sunk half or moreJ The confirmed
titles ate those which the United States have en- !
dorsed: the unconfirmed arc those acted upon—the |
commissioners reject and bring before Congress.
We all know the operations in regard to these un-
confirmed claims: they are arraigned, invalidated; 1
they cannot be'sold or beneficially improved, being j
at the same time liable to pay taxes, and to be sold
upon execution; and thus pass out of the hands of
the owners for little or nothing. Wow, in this ;
treaty there is a peremptory stipulation against this j
invalidation of property: it is not to be impeached j
or violated—destroyed in any way. That is the I
stipulation in the treaty; and yet "this bill goes to !
the destruction of the whole; for, sir, the property ;
cannot be sold to any advantage while the title is >
thus impeached; and the owner cannot go on with j
any improvements, for he does not know to whom I
those improvements aie to belong. He can do j
nothing. His arm is paralyzed, his heart is sick; j
he looks, and looks helplessly, to a foreign coun- j
try—to its meicy,and not to its justice, fie may J
beg, but cannot demand: he may supplicate, but '
cannot enforce his prayer. He cannot even go !
into court, but must come to Congress—a legisla-
tive body which, God knows, has more to attend '
to besides than they are able to do.
I have shown by the treaty that the scheme of
this bill h a violation of its eighth and ninth arti-
cles. I now show you, sir, that it is a violation
of the law of nations, a violation of the decisions
of the Supreme Court, as applicable to the title of
lands falling under our dominion by acquisition
from other countries 
Ptiffjwhrjf'* Law; of Nature and Nations, lib. 8, ck. G 
"Tin- eompicioi acquire-* over t!io>e whom lie subdues a
de.-potie power wuli lespect to then live*, but not with
rc-'pi <-l to their po^es.-ion-;."
Vnttcl.—" The compmioi lays lite hands on the possesions
oj th(' Statej on what belong*. to the public, white pnv.ue
pei.-ons an- pcimitfed toictam fieus-. To ihein the result
!>, iht y onU change thnr ma-teis."
Ciuitd Side- Supreme CjidI.—u It is a principle of the
eoniifr'ii law, w!m !i has been reeojjmzed as well in tin- a>
in other eonri-, tJijt fin- <1 u i-ioii of an enipue work-, no |,n-
K'if un* oi [ii i'V.ou-Iv ve-ted nuliN of propem , and tin- maxim
H ecpialh consonant with the common m use ot mankind,
and the nja\im> ol  r rual justice."—o IVhcaton, Mb —
(ChlPf Jupiter :\ftwihti!l )
:-fn the ticaty b> which LotiHi'ina was actjuiifd, the 1
Uni'ed State-, stipulated lhatthe inhabitants of the ceded '
temtor. Mi-oild be protected in the tr< e enjoyment of thur '
prop:*tr\. The United States, a-- a great nation, regarded
this stipulation a- the avowal of a pnn-ipte which would •
Jiu\ e been held etpia'ly «? /, though it hud not been mooted :
in the coiiipact.')—-1 i'eteri, o 1 J.
45 The teim owelty, as applied to lands, compreiiends i
crrry species of title, inchoate or complete/'—Ibid. '
" A treaty of cosion Iroin one countiy to another only i
passes such right as the sovereign, as sneh. ha-.; hut do«s '
not pe- what belongs to the subjects or citizens. Whether !
those iiutitN aic inchoate oi perfect., they are all held sac- '
r,,| "—y /Mns, 71).
"The eu-Jtoms and usage* of the country which issued ;
the giants an: good pioof in the eulcd oi conquered coun- '
try/*—[buU 710.
" A giant or conce-sion made by that officer who is by 1
law authouzed to make it, eairies with ilprima facie evi- i
dence that u is within hi* powers. No excels of them, or i
deputuie from them, will be pie<um<jd.'J—9 Peters, 1&). |
••The people charge their allegiance, but their relation* !
to each other, and their right*-of piuperty, remain uudis- i
lui k'd."—7 l\ter^y 87. j
Pulfendorf, book 8, chapter Gth, says: " The '
conqueror acquires over those he subdues power 1
as to their lives, but not as to their possessions." I
Vattel says: " The conquered lose the possessions 1
of the State, but not that which belongs to private ■
individuals." Thus we see private per*ons are ;
permitted to retain their property. The result is, !
they only change their masters. The United States :
Supreme Court says it is a principle of common  
law, which has been lecognized as well in this as !
in other countries, that the acquisition of a foreign ■
country by force of arms works no forfeiture'of i
individual lights; private property 1$ not thereby j
divested. And this maxim is clearly consonant
, with the common serine of mankind and the prin-
ciples of eternal justice. This was an opinion de-
livered by Chief Justice Marshall.
! The treaty by which Louisiana was acquired
' stipulated that the inhabitants should be guarantied
in the enjoyment of their property. The United
, States regarded any stipulation or avowal of this
principle as being scarcely needed; that titles to
, private property would have been held equally
sacred, though it had not been inserted in the com-
pact. The term " property" applies to every spe-
: cies of title inchoate or complete. A treaty of
] cession from one country to another only passes
such right as the sovereign, as such, has, but does
not pass such as belongs to subjects or citizens.
; Whether those rights are inchoate or perfect, they
are all held sacied. The customs and usages of
1 the country winch ceded the ten itory are the guides
to be used and followed in regaid to the conquered
J people. A grant or concession made by the offi-
. cer who is authorized to make it carries with it
prima facie evidence that it is withm his power; no
excess or departure from it will be presumed. The
j people change their allegiance, but their rights of
! propei ty remain undistui bed.
j Such are a few of the declarations of the Su-
i preme Court of the United States which have been
j brought out on trials which have been authorized
by law for the purpose of ascertaining the validity
| of claims which have been a long time before
' Congress, and have at last been determined by
! being carried where they ought to have been at
; first, that is, before the judicial tribunals. Chief
shall al&o be entitled to twenty-five cents lor each subpeena
issued." * * * v * *
Here is a deraignment of title required, which is
to go back to the oiiginal concession and primary
disposition of the soil. I have just said that New
Mexico was settled ten years earlier than Vn>
| ginia; and I put the supposition again: What
j would be the feeling, if an edict should require
i every person in that State to go before a board of
| land commissioners sitting a thousand miles off, to
! make out a chain of titles up to the time of Sir
! Walter Raleigh; and not only to go and make out
| such a chain of titles, but to pay for doing it—pay
I ten cents for every hundred words of their titles
copied by a secretary, and twenty-five cents for
every subpoena, and to be subjcct to punishment
for not doing it? What would be the feeling of
Virginia if such a law as that had given authonty
for this deraignment of title? (I behove I speak
right if I said, arraignment.) After producing tins
long chain of title, and paying for it, he gain*
nothing but the privilege of appearing as a suppli-
ant before a strange legislative body three thousand
miles off. We may be strong enough to enforce
this iniquity in JNew Mexico and California, but
we could not enforce it in Virginia or Kentucky.
And against what people is such a bill to be en-
forced? Against ignorant Indians, and mixed
bieeds, (for of such is the greater part of these
people,) who cannot read a word, and do not know
whether a paper in their hands is a deed for land,
or a hill presented against them by their baker or
butcher.
I have shown that what we propose to do is in
Justice Marshall, in delivering the opinion of the s| violation of the Mexican treaty, m violation of the
""  , !  ! law of nations, in violation of the decisions of the
; Supreme Court. I now wish to show, Mr. Presi-
dent, that what we propose to do between man and
■ man, between the individuals of California arid New
; Mexico, is a violation of law which has existed
! long without change—for six hundred years in
Spain, and of her colonies, (since they had colo-
; mes)—which has been law, and approved law,
; since the time of Alonzo the Wise,—the law of
prescription, as called in the civil law—the statute
| of limitations as we call it. This is the law of pre-
; scription:
SpanUh Law of Picsnipfion—"If one person receive
' from another, in pood Jowi, an immovaole timij:, (j. e. real
; estate,) other by pmehase, or m oxch.tnge, or as gilt or
legae}, or m any other m.umei, and *hall continue in po^-
[ session ot it dunn« ienyeais whihjthe owner is in the cmiri-
| uy, or twenty years while lie was out ot it; saich per.-ons
J shall acquire'tho tiling i>y pies-enption, iiotwith-tandin^ the
j per-on from whom he received it was not the tint owner;
| and theneetorward he shali riot be held to answer tor it to
! any man. although he Mioutd s-ay that he could prove that he
1 was the trim ownei or it."
\ This was the Spanish law in the thirteenth cen-
| tury, and has never been changed, and applies
I both to Spam and to Spanish America, it is wise
law for the settlement, not for the disturbance of
estates. It has remained without change at least
court, declares that a treaty makes no addition to
the rights of the party; it, does nothing that the
law of nations docs not of itself do. The treaty
is only the declaration of a principle which a great
nation would hold equally sacred without it; in-
serted, to be sure, for the purpose of satisfaction
■ to the parties, but adding nothing to the obligation
of the Power receiving the sold or conquered do-
i mam. The new master is bound to protect, in all
i rights of property, precisely as they stood under
| the former Power. Now, sir, if a law shall go
i loiith, in New Mexico and California, requiring ail
: the people to cume m with their titles, 111 order
that they may be examined and sent to our Con-
, gress, ceitainiy they will think that a confiscation
; of their titles was intended, in no conquered coun-
• try of which 1 have ever heard, m Europe or Asia,
have the people of the country been compelled to
come f'orwaid and make good their titles, i hatfe
heard of no such instance; and, to give you an
; idea of the terror which the slightest approach to
, such a proceeding creates in every community,
' you have only to lecoilect the great levok that
occurred m Cairo in October, —that most terri-
ble levolt in the city of fanatics against the French,
who then occupied it. What was the cause of
that levolt? A nieic call for the land titles, m
. , , . six hundred years—from the time of Alonzo the
onlcr to register tne.n, and conveit them mto fee ; Wise—m Spain, and m her colonies ever since
simple estates. J. he great conqueror intended to I Hilp j,.,! „A,' pBA„i„ -„t-p u
iple estates. J. he great conquer
benefit the land owners by giving them a fee sim-
ple title to their lands, instead of the feudal, or
worse than feudal titles by which they were held
at the will of their sovereign, it was merely a call j
for a registration of title, for the purpose ot giving j
them a pei manent and indefeasible title, in ordei i
that tiiey might hold the land without danger of j
being resumtd at the will of the sovereign. Yet ,
it made that most terrible of all revolts, i menuon j
this for the puipose of showing the terror and ;
consternation that are created in the hearts of a i
people by an interference with their titles to prop- '
erty. j
i have now shown you, Mr. President, upon the i
treaty, and the law of nations, and the decisions j
of the Supreme Court of the United States, that j
such a law as this bill proposes is a violation of j
them all. But the bill goes further. The fourth |
section provides: |
"rff-,0. -I. *4tut be it further enacted, That every per-on,
or the h«ms or icpie->eiitanves ot .-la-u pursuit chummy title
to lands under an> valid patent, grant, conees-iou, or order ■
of ^ui V( 3, ij^ued bonajide, and on oi previous to tire seventh :
ol July, ught« en bun-io-d and lotwhen military po&- '1
M'-fcioii ot tile rerntoiy wu> taken bv the tinned ritaus, winch !1
wete valid under the .Vhxican Government, or by ihe law .
oi nation-, shall layoeioio tue comim.-^one^, his, her, or ].
then claim, bctlortn paiticulaily its situation aiidbomifiaue-, '
it to be a-ceitamed, with the detainment of title, where :i
the) are not the grantees or original elaunanb; winch >hail !
b-recoided b) mo seen tai \, w i.o. Tor Ins service^, shatl be
entrtled to demand from the claiuunts ten cent* for each J
hundred words contained in baid papers s© reeoidcd; he jj
she had colonies. People were safe under it in
! California and New Mexico; but it'this bill passes,
! there is an end of their peace and security.
■ What I have read was the piescnption where
j the acquisition was in good faith: there was a fur-
| ther provision where it was in bad faith, and all
i intended to quiet titles and to give peace and se
i curity to possessors. This is it:
I "If the possesion acquired he in bad faith, title ^ha'l
I nevertheless he gamed in the above-mentioned period? of
| ten and twentv years, if the owner knew ot the possesion,
■ and did not make hi? demand.
, " Though the acqiUf-iiinn should he in bad f'lth, and tho
, owner should not know of the ad wise po^es-sion, \et a pos-
| session of flirty years shall pain an absolute title."—Laws
! of the u Side 'Parlulas" of *dlonzo the li'ise.—3 Partidas-
! title *}9. law* 18, 39. 21.
; Thus a possession even in bad faith was to be
j valid after thirty years; but we respect no time.
We go back seventy years in California, and two
hundred and fifty m Now Mexico.
a They shall examine into all bona fide claims
arising under patents, ijranif, conce-Mon^, and orders of >m-
voy, wh*jie the stovevs wine actually made pteviom to the
^eventn Jul}, eighteen hundred and foity—1\, when military
po^c^ion 0f ttie territory was taken by the United States ;
wheibei ihey are founded upon condmon1-, and- how far
thovp i onditions have been complied vvith; and if deiived
from the ^pam>h Government, how far they have bten con-
sidered valid under the Mexican Government; and if satis-
fied that said chum*- ar^ correct and valid, shall eonntm
them : Pronded, Such confirmation shall only operate a-, a
relea-eoi any interest which the United State- may have,
and shall not be considered as affecting the lights of third
person*: Jlnd provided, That they shall not have power to
