1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
when a member of the General Assembly of Ten-
nessee, T took the part of the occupant—the occu-
Eant of Nolichucky, French Broad and Big and
little Pigeon; and I have been defending occupants
ever since. At this time there are some on the
shores of the Pacific whose fathers I have protected
in Tennessee and Missouri. And never were any
settlers more meritorious and deserving than those
who first settled and then conquered California for
the United States; who were the first to carry the
arms of the United States upon the waves of the
Pacific; and who have as yet received no pay for
their patriotic and heroic services.
The substitute is preferable to the original bill
in all respects whatever. The object is to ascer-
tain the vacant public lands. To do that, we only
want to know the original grants and possessions—
only want to know what the previous governments
parted with; and to do that we want the number
and extent of the grants—want them collected in
an office, and laid down on maps, and then the va-
cant residuum is seen. This js all we want; and
this disturbs nobody. It does not disturb titles:
it alarms no possession: it overhauls nothing that
is settled. But there may be grants and posses-
sions which are illegal—which are not good against
the Government under which they accrued—and
that is the only test to which we can subject them:
there may be such illegal claims; and my substi-
tute goes upon the supposition that there are such,
and follows the approved course to ascertain and
cancel them. Grants and possessions, believed by
the recorder and district attorney, or by the Gov-
ernment here, to be illegal, are to be brought into
the district court in California or New Mexico, upon
scire facias, to be examined, and if found illegal, to
be cancelled. This is the course in England, where
the court of chancery cancels the grants and pat-
ents illegally issued by the King. This is the
approved course in the country from which we
draw most of our ideas of jurisprudence, and I am
for following it in California. I apprehend there
will be found cases there—modern cases of aliena-
tions of land—very fit for examination under this
bill—and the examination of which will be suffi-
cient for the United States, without disturbing
good titles and possessions.
But there is a class of possessors not to be dis-
turbed at all, without special orders from the Gov-
ernment here : they are the pueblo or rancheria In-
dians. These are civilized Indians, living in towns
and villages, where they have lived time immemo-
rial—in fact found there when conquered by the
Spaniards. The mass of the population of New
Mexico, is of this kind: there is also a considera- ;
ble population of this kind in California. They ,
should not be disturbed in their possessions; yet \
under the bill before the Senate they will all be |
called in to verify their titles, and then be sent to ;
Congress to beg for their lands. By the Spanish j
law there are two classes of Indians—the pueblo, ;
or town Indians, (pueblo signifying a town, pwbla !
a city,) are part of the population, and have rights: !
the others are wild Indians—Indios bravos—who :
have no rights, and are always at war with the j
Spaniards and the pueblo or town Indians. Our !
laws do not know these distinctions, but wc must !
knowthemand must respect them. Oursystemonly !
applies to wild, or independent Indians. In New j
Mexico and California, we gain dominion over do- ;
mestic or civilized Indians, and must respect them :
accordingly. They must be respected and pro-
tected. They work, and have done the principal ■
work both in New Mexico and California. In
each country, they have been called los brassos del
pais—the arms of the country—its laborers. We
must not begin with disturbing them in the pos-
sessions which they have so long held under their
Spanish conquerors. ^ :
My substitute proposes three land officers in Call- ■
fornia. States of less extent—of half the extent
in the United States—have double and treble that
number. California (I speak of California only ,
below the Sierra Nevada) is just the length and i
breadth of Italy, in all the extent of Italy, from ,
the Alps to the extremity of the Peninsula, about •
one hundred thousand square miles in extent. :
Three land offices are too few, but it may do to
begin with,—one to the centre, in the region of1
the Bay of San Francisco, and one in the north, (
and the other in the south. There is much public
land north of the Bay of San Francisco, out to- '
wards Oregon; much in the centre, on the Sacra-j
mento, San Joaquin, and the western slope of the
Sierra Nevada—and some in the south. Each
of these divisions would require a separate land
office; and the substitute provides for them accord-
ingly.
The substitute provides ample donations to ac-
tual settlers—not so much as was granted to set-
tlers in Kentucky by Virginia—but four times as
much as the bill of the committee proposes. And
surely no people ever desei ved better of their Gov-
j! ernment than these settlersin California. They are
11 the true founders of the American power there—
!j the true conquerors, and I grieve to say, the un-
jj paid conquerors of the country. They saved the
It country before the United States flag was raised.
j| They served without receiving pay, and found
j; themselves in everything. They carried arms by
11 sea and land, and are the first American land
troops that ever carried arms on the Pacific Ocean.
They have done and suffered much for the United
States, and are well entitled to the liberal provis-
ion of lands which my substitute proposes to give
them.
The last provision of my substitute is to regu-
late the diggings at the gold washings—to preserve
order among the diggers—to settle questions among
them upon the spot—and, in fine, to prevent them
from having recourse to violence to settle ques 
tions of interference and of interruption from dou-
ble claims. All this is necessary. Order must be
preserved. It is not rent, or revenue, that I pro-
pose, but order. I want no revenue, and expect
none. The expenses of the agency may be de-
frayed by a small fee for the permit, or a small
per centum on the coinage; but as for rents, I
expect none, and repudiate the idea. I broke up
the lead-mine leasing system in Missouri, and fore-
told its fate in Wisconsin and Iowa—a mere loss
of money to the United States—the expenses being
greater than the profits, and the country retarded
and delayed in all beneficial improvements and
settlements. I repeat, all that I propose by these
permits is the preservation of order among the
diggers; and it is, in my opinion, the only way to
preserve order in that remote country.
But here is a difficulty which seems to have been
overlooked. All these gold mines, accotding to
our ideas, are on Indian lands, and are trespassers,
and should he expelled by the military: according
to Spanish ideas, they are no Indian titles. They
never extinguish Indian titles. They take what
they please, when they arc not afraid. Upon this
idea our Americans are now working. They are
not afraid. The Indians do not object, because
they are used to it. But not so with this Govern-
ment. It recognizes Indian titles, and extinguishes
them by treaty, and does not survey them until
after the treaty is made and ratified. This knocks
the whole scheme of this geologist, and his assist-
ants, this survey of two-acre patches, and all the
oaths and bonds, and the ten dollars mileage: it
knocks it all in the head. For the Government,
upon its own principles, can do nothing of all this
until they have treated with these hippo-phagi—
these horse-eating, horse-stealing Indians of the
Sierra Nevada—who never heard of a treaty, and
will be bewildered and confounded at any propo-
sition to treat them as owners of the country.
Upon its own principles this Government can do
nothing with these mines before they have treated
with these fine Indians; and before that is done,
the gold washings, I trust and hope, will be
washed out.
Mr. BREESE. Inasmuch as the time of the
Senate has already been fully occupied in the dis-
cussion of this subject, and as the arguments ad-
vanced will require considerable examination at
our hands, I submit that we had better postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to-mor-
row. I move that the Senate do now adjourn. The
motion was agreed to; and the Senate adjourned
accordingly.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. , -
Monday, January 15, 1849.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved. '■
DELEGATE FRO.il WISCONSIN. jj
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, said he had risen 'j
for the purpose of proposing that the House should ; ]
proceed to the consideration of the report of the ,j
Committee on Elections, in relation to the right of j
the Delegate of Wisconsin to his seat. He did not, !<
he was understood to say,intend to enter into dis- i>
cussion upon the question, but merely proposed
that the reports of the majority and minority of the
committee should *he read.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, was understood to desire
that the committees should be called for reports.
Mr. HILLIARD asked Mr. Thompson to yield
the floor for the purpose of enabling him to intro-
duce a bill.
Mr. T. having done so—
Mr. HILLIARD asked leave to introduce a bill.
The SPEAKER said he would state before pro-
ceeding further, that the regular order of business
was the- call of the States for resolutions, but that
the report of the Committee on Elections was a
privileged matter. If the gentleman insisted on
calling it up, the House might postpone it by the
vote of a majority.
Objection 'was made to the introduction of Mr.
Hilliard's bill, and the regular order of business
was called for.
Mr. HILLIARD moved u suspension of the
rules for the purpose indicated by him.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman could make
that motion, if the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Thompson] was willing; but that that gentleman
would lose the floor, unless he should be again
recognized by the Chair.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the subject he had
indicated.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said, it would be recol-
lected that a few days ago lie had called the atten-
tion of the House, and particularly of the c'naiiman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Vin-
ton,] to the fact, that the annual message of the
President of the United States had not yet been
referred; and that the chairman of the committee
had declared it to be his intention to move this day
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consid-
eration of that document, in order that it mie:ht be
disposed of by the House, and be distributed
among the appropriate committees.
Mr. STEPHENS said that the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means was necessarily
absent from the House to-day, and that he had
called his (Mr. S.'s) attention to the matter re-
ferred to by his colleague, [Mr. Cobb;] and that
it was his (Mr. S.'s) intention to submit the mo-
tion which had been indicated, but he would yield
to his colleague for that purpose.
Mr. COBB said that he had intended to state
the fact of the gentleman's absence, and the reason
of it, which the gentleman had communicated to
him (Mr. C.) also. If his colleague [Mr. Ste-
phens] would submit that motion 
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, desirpd to know
how the gentleman had become entitled to the
floor.
Mr. COBB said that it was in the power of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Thompson'] at any
time to call up the report of the Committee on
Elections, as it was a privileged question. He
hoped, therefore, that the gentleman would not
interpose any objection to his (Mr. C.'s) motion.
Mr. THOMPSON called the attention of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] to the fact,
that the Speaker had announced that if he (Mr.
T.) yielded the floor, he would lose his right to it.
Mr. COBB. The Chair will no doubt state to
the gentleman that he may call up this report,
being a privileged question, at any time.
Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether this
conversation was in oider P
The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentle-
man from Indiana insisted on calling for the re-
port?
Air. THOMPSON replied in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. Then the Clerk will read the
resolution reported by the majority of the Com-
mittee on Elections.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved. That Henry JJ. Sibley he admitted to a seat on
the finor of the House of Representatives a  a delegate Irom
the Terntory of Wisconsin.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired of the Chair
whether it would be in order for him to move that
the consideration of the subject be postponed un-
til two o'clock ?
The SPEAKER said the motion would be in
order.
Mr. COBB. Then I make the motion for the
purpose I have advocated, and none other.
Mr. THOMPSON claimcd the floor.
