262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16,
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that it be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office,and Post Roads.
Mr. DIXON moved that the bill be put on its
passage.
The SPEAKER said no motion was required.
The question would be on the engrossment of the
bill; but if debate arose, the bill must by the rule go
over.
Mr. DIXON demanded the previous question on
the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired if it would be in order
to move to refer the bill to the Committee on the
Post Officc?
The SPEAKER said such a motion would be
in order, if the demand for the previous question
should be rejected.
Mr. GOGGIN inquired if it would be in order
to move that the hill be laid on the table ?
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
Mr. GOGGIN made that motion.
Mr. DIXON and Mr. WENTWORTH asked
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. GRINNELL asked for the reading of the
bill, if in order.
The SPEAKER said the bill had been once
read.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Goggin, and decided in the negative—yeas
86, nays 94.
So the House decided that the bill should not be
laid on the table.
The question recurring on seconding the demand
for the previous question—
Mr. FARAN appealed to the gentleman from
Connecticut to withdraw the demand, to allow an
amendment, which he desired to offer to be read.
Mr. DIXON declined to withdraw.
Mr. GOGGIN inquired of the Speaker whether,
if the previous question were not sustained, the bill
would not go over?
The SPEAKER replied, if there were debate,
it would 30 over.
Mr. CABELL. Is it in order to have the bill
read ?
The SPEAKER. It has already been read.
By general consent, it may be read again.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER again announced the question
on the second of the previous question.
Mr. FARAN. Cannot the amendment which
I desire to propose be read ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Con-
necticut withdraws the previous question for the
purpose.
Mr. DIXON said he had no objection to the
amendment being read, if it could be without in-
terfering with his motion.
Mr. GOGGIN desired to say to the House (if it
would at all influence their vote) that he wished
to debate the bill.
The question was then taken by tellers, (Messrs.
Dixom and Wentwortii,) who reported ayes 43,
noes 83.
Mr. MURPHY called for the yeas and nays on
the second.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
the yeas and nays could not be called for on this
question.
So the demand for the previous question was not
seconded.
Mr. KAUFMAN gave notice that he wished to
debate the bill; and, under the rule, it lay over.
AMERICAN COLONIZATION SOCIETY.
Mr. J. A. ROCKWELL moved the following
resolution:
Resolved, That Hip n<?e of this Hall be grantee] for the an-
nual meeting ot the American Colonization Society on to-
itjotrnw* evcinnjr, the itiih instant.
He moved the previous question; which was
seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution on the table, and called the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were refused; and, the ques-
tion being taken, the resolution was not laid on
the table.
The resolution was then adopted; and a motion
of Mr. Rockwell, to reconsider the vote, was
laid on the table.
Mr. COCKE moved that the House adjourn:
rejected—a ves 72, noes 78.
M r. DIXON ro?e and desired to know what had
beco iie of th* bill he had just had the honor to
introduce. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER replied that it was on the file 1
of bills on their engrossment upon the Speaker's j
table. Whenever the House proceeded to this j
business, it would be in order. j
Mr. DIXON inquired if it was in order to make j
any motion in regard to the bill? j
No reply to this interrogatory was heard.
Mr. TUCK asked leave to offer a resolution out I
of its order. !
On motion of Mr. MARSH, j
Resolved, That John Newton, of Vermont, have leave to j
withdraw his petition and accompanying papers from the (
fiips in the office of the Clerk of this House. j
| On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, j
j Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs he in- I
: strutted to inquire into the expediency of loaning to the .
j Norwich University, in Vermont, the use oftwofield piece*; :
I security to be given for their preservation and return. i
j Mr. HUDSON offered the following resolution, :
| which was read, and laid over under the rule: !
; Rc&otvcd, That the Secietaryof the Treasury be requested
! to inform the House when the annual document on the ;
i commerce and navigation of the United States will be laid
j before the House, and the causes which have produced the ,
| delay in making this repoit to the House.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, offered the fol- !
lowing resolution, which, giving rise to debate, !
was laid over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be autho- ;
li'/.ed to appoint two suitable persons as a commission to
i examine the condition of the Marine Hospital fund and hos-
I pitals, and to repoit what improvements can be made in the '
. administration of the same.
| Mr. PALFREY moved the following amend-
, ment to the Rules :
I To Rule 25 after the words, " he shall resume
i the next call where he left off," insert as follows, -
: viz: !
"And after the expnation of thirty days from the refer- ,
ence ot am* subject to any Committee, it *ha!l be in order
for any member or members of said committee to present .
aieport or reports upon >aid subject, in ins or their own 1
behalf, whenevei said committee shall be called upon tor ,
reports: Provided, The majority of <*nid committee shall !
have failed to offer a reportnpon said subject." j
On motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia, the amend- i
ment was referred to the Committee on Rules, t
BILLS INTRODUCED. i
Mr. HUBBARD, in pursuance of previous no- j
tiee, obtained leave, and introduced a bill making
to the State of Connecticut a donation of public !
land to aid in the constructing the New York and fi
Boston Air Line Railroad: which was read twice, ,j
; and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
I Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, objected.
; On motion of Mr. TOOMBS—agreed to by yeas 1
102, nays 84— ;
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC. i
The following memorials and petitions were presented !
under the nile. and referred:
Bv Mr. NK/OLL: The memorial of the Chamber of Com- i
merce of the citv ot New York, asking the attention of Con- >
gres-^ to Lieutenant Maury's wind and current charts, now i
in course of publication at the National Observatory, as one '
of the most valuable contributions of the age to practical
navigation ; and praying that two or more small ve^els of
the navy be placed under the dit eotion ot Lieutenant Maury,
for the purpose of more effectually carrying out his instruc-
tions and OApenrnenN.
Mr. FK.AXKLIX CLARK: Remonstrances of John
Glwiden and 30 others, citizen-* of Newcastle; and of Job
Spear and 31 others, citizens of Warren, against the division 1
of the Waldoboro' collection district.
By Mr. P15CK: The petition of Samuel B. Mattocks and
, others, citizens of Danville, Veimont, for cheap postage. [
ANo, the petition of 167 Friends of Ilardinville and vicinity, ;
, Veimont, against the extension ot slavery. 1
! By Mr. BLACKMAR: The petition of 70 citizen? of Pen-
eea county, NYw Yoik, asking the reduction of postage and
the abolition of the franking privilege. ;
B\ Mr. BUTLER : Tim o petitions', signed by 187 citizens .
of Luzerne county, Penn<jlvania, asking lor an immediate |
modification of the existing tariff laws. |
By Mr. ATKINSON : The memorial of Ferguson & Dul- '
hado, mctrhontH of Norfolk, Virginia, praying that their j
1 bond foi duties may be cancelled, for reasons therein stated. ;
TN SENATE.
TVesday, January 16, 1848.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, con-
taming1 a report of the names and compensations
of clerks, officers, &c., in the employ of that de-
partment during the year 1848; which was ordered
to be printed.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS rose and said, that after exam- !
ining the reports from the Committee on the Ju- !
diciary, and weighing the objections urged against
the bill for the admission of California into the
States of. the Union, he had come to the conclusion
that he could prepare a bill which would obviate
all the objections which had been made. He had
therefore prepared a substitute, which he proposed
to offer for the original hill; and he would now
move that it be printed, and made the order for
Monday next, for which day the California bill
was made the special order.
The substitute was then read, as follows, and
ordered to be printed:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert:
"That Congress doth consent, that from and after the 4th
d.iv of July next, all that portion ot tlse terntoiy of the United
Slate* which is included within the following limits, to wit:
beginning in the Pacific Ocean, three leagues from shore, on
the parallel of 41° 30' of north latitude, thence running Fa**
on said parallel to the summit of the Sierra Nevada or Cali-
fornia Mountains, thence south along the summit of paid
range of mountains to the parallel of 34° 30 of north latitude,
thence wpst along said parallel to the ocean, thence noiiU
to the place of beginning, including the islands adjacent to
the «hore, shall constitute one State, and with the assent of
the people thereof, the same is hereby declared to be one of
the States of this Union, fiom and after paid date, on an
equal footing with the on'gina! States, in ail respects what-
soever, with the unconditional reservation to the United
States of all right of property in the public domain and other
property ceded to the United States by the treaty of peace
concluded with the Republic of Mexico, July 2, 184*, free
from taxes or assessments of any kind by said State, and
,  Ko the power of di?po.>ing of the same, including the right
. of adjusting all claim< and titles to lands derived from foreign
| Government', in such manner as Congress shall prescribe."
I Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the acting Governor
! of the Territory of California, ~o so' n as he ^hall be provided
with a eopv of this act, to the end that the people mav have
J an oppoitunify of establishing for themselves a constitution
! and republican form of government foi said State, puurto
' the 4th dnv ot July next, shall immediately proceed to layoff
the country embraced within the limit* of the proposed State
i into convenient districts, for the election ot delegates to a
convention, for the pmpose of forming a State constitution,
i and shall designate the tune and place of holding the election
in each diftrict. appoint the officers to conduct the °ame,
! and prescribe the mode of making the returns thereof, and
, shall appoition the delegate*, fifty in all, among the several
1 districts as near as maybe according to the number of legal
! voteis in each, and he shall also designate the time and place
I for the a^embhng of said convention. Every white male
j citizen of the United States, including those who shall have
become such under the provisions of the said treaty with
| Mexico, being actual residents of the proposed State, and
I having attained the age of twenty-one \ears, shall be entitled
! to vote at •'aid election.
Snc.«'  And be it fvither enactcd. That the laws of the
United States, so far as they are not locally inapplicable, are
hereny extended to, and declared to be m force in. said State;
and until the next genera! census, the said State shall he
entitled to one Representative m the Congress of the United
States.
, RESOLUTIONS FROM STATE LEGISLATURES,
j Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a joint resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of Iowa, in favor of
; an appropriation from Congress for the erection of
i a bridge across the Des Moines river, at the point
| where the military road crosses the same; which
; was referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
j nals.
| Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a joint reso-
lution of the General Assembly of Iowa, request-
• ing their Senators and Representatives in Congress
to procure an appropriation to pay the expenses of
running the northwestern boundary of the State of
, Iowa; which was referred to the Committee on
: Public Lands.
j MEMORIALS AKD PETITIONS.
! Mr. UNDERWOOD presented a petition from
| B. B. Crump, and 49 citizens of Glasgow, Barren
j county, Kentucky, asking for a reduction of the
■ rates of postage, and the abolition of the franking
s privilege; which was referred to the Committee on
j the Post Office and Post Roads.
j Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented a peti-
i tion from Captain J. C. Barnard, of the United
; States engineers, asking for the restoration of cer-
j tain allowances to officers of the engineer corps;
I which was referred to the Committee on Military
i Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON" presented a petition from J.
Murray Rush, asking payment for professional
| services rendered the United States as counsel in
; a case of felony; which was referred to the Com-
: mittee on Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON" presented a memorial froni
Barclay and Livingston, and other merchants ot
New York, asking for a return of duties paid on
goods destroyed by fire; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. NILES presented a petition from citizens
of Deep River, Connecticut, asking a reduction
