1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
of the rate of postages and the abolition of the i
frankin" privilege; which wag referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented a petition from Peter B. ^
Dumas, clerk of the circuit court of the United
States, in St. John's coutity, Florida, asking for i
an act for the transfer of exemplifications of the ■
records of that court to the State courts; which |
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. '
Mr. WESTCOTT presented a petition from
William Emmons, administrator of Uri Emmons,
asking for the extension of his patent for a planing ]
machine; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. KING presented a petition from Simon
Snodgrass, asking the reimbursement of expenses
If I understand this matter, Congress has bith- i
erto limited the issue of grants to the original pro- j
prietor—the soldier himself, or, in the event of his 1
deceasc, his heirs. And if I am correct in that i
view, I am not willing, so far as I am concerned, j
to allow these assignees, who, in most instances, I
have obtained possession of their claims at one- !
half their value, or less, to come in and obtain
grants upon soldiers' warrants. I acknowledge,
I at the same time, that ] have not investigated this
1 subject very thoroughly, and that I am speaking
]. from the objections to the bill advanced by the
1 Senator from Florida, and I wish for additional
j information in regard to it.
If this is the introduction of a new principle by
S which the assignees of soldiers who have become
rred in aidin°- the-removal of the Cherokee h assignees prior to the time of granting the land
Indians in the year 1838; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition of the
owners and masters of vessels, and pilots navi-
gating the Delaware bay and river, asking the
erection of a light-house on the Delaware break-
water; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, some additional
papers in the case of E. P. Guion, &.C., were re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, the Senate
proceeded to consider the bill for the relief of Man-
uel X. Harmony, with a view to its recommitment
to the Committee on Claims, with additional docu-
ments; and the bill was recommitted.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BORLAND, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to repeal a por-
tion of the third section of the act of July 19,1848,
in relation to the medical staff of the army of the
United States, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Military AtTairs.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of J.
Rice Jones, with amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
B. 0. Payne; which was read a first time.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on
warrants, are to obtain patents from the Govern-
ment for their lands, I am opposed to it. I think
we had better adhere to the former determination ;
of Congress, not to allow soldiers to part with
their lands until they have their warrants in their j
pockets. That is all that I have to say, sir. If I ,
am correct in the view which I have expressed, I
shall vote against the bill; if I am not correct in j
those views, I shall not offer any opposition to its '
passage. Senators can inform me whether I am i
correct or not.
Mr. BREESE. Mr. President, I suppose that 1
the Senator from Florida has waived the objections
which he advanced against this bill a few days ;
ago. I presume that Senator has ascertained by
this time that he was entirely mistaken in regard
to the object and operation of this bill. And I
should judge, from the observations just made by ;
the Senator from Kentucky, that he does not un- j
derstand this matter at all. It would seem from i
the Senator's remarks that he supposes that the j
passage of the bill now under consideration would !
introduce a new principle into the legislation of
Congress on the subject of military land warrants.
It is not so. This land is granted, sir, under the j
act of February 11th, 1847. The ninth section of
that act grants one hundred and sixty acres of
land to each person who may have served in the
army during the Mexican war, and who may have
received an honorable discharge, regulars as well
as volunteers. And there is a strong prohibition
in that section of the law which prohibits a person
from passing his title or claim to any such bounty
Patents, made an unfavorable report on the peti- ]; ]an(j out 0f"ills possession before a warrant has
'  '"~u —■~A — u- j been issued. After a warrant has been issued, he
| may assign it to whomsoever he pleases, and the
' person into whose possession the warrant passes '
j can locate his land, subject to piivate entry, upon
1 any legal subdivision. ' That is a provision of the
1 act of 1847. The construction placed upon that
I act at the Land Ofiice is this: When the Govern- ■
j ment grants a warrant for one hundred and sixty
| acres of land, the land officers do not require the j
! party holding the warrant to locate upon a single j
1 quarter section, but they permit the holder to lo- j
i cate his land upon contiguous legal subdivisions,
selecting eighty acres in one place, forty acres in
another, and forty in another, provided that all ,
are contiguous and in one body, being in the shape ,
either of a square or of a parallelogram, as the
situation of the land may determine. That has
been the practice of the Government ever sincc
1847. At the last session of Congress, an act
was passed authorizing the soldiers who held these
warrants, or their widows or heirs, to purchase
lands with their warrants, the price ot which had
been raised by the legislation of Congress fiom the
tion of James Harley; which was ordered to be
printed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following res-
olution; which was consideied and adopted:
Resolved, That Itic Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of ebtaJilMimg a
navy-yard and naval dep6t at the island ot Key \\ c-t, in tile
State of Florida, or at some other proper place contiguous
thereto.
Mr. JONES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That tile Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into tlie expediency of e^tab-
Sighing a tn-wofkiymail route (the mail to hp oatried in
four-borse post coaehos) from the city of Dubuque via Iowa
"City, the seat of government, and Faufiold to Keokuk, m
said State.
Mr, UPHAM submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot loaning to the
Norwich Umveoitv. in the State of Vermont, the u -c of
two new mounted" field-pieces, good security being given
for the safe-keeping, preseivation, and return of the same.
MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the ; minimum price of §1 25 per acre to §2 50; being
House bill in addition to an act entitled "An act i some reserved lands in the States of Ohio and In-
in relation to military land warrants," approved '! diana. That act authorized the widows and heirs ,
August 14, 1848. ii of soldiers to whom these warrants had oeen issued
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, the gen- ; to locate upon these reserved lands, their warrant
tleman from Florida [Mr. Westcott] made some j being received pro tanto, and they paying the
objections to this bill when it was up before the ; balance in money.
Senate the other day, and I thought at the time, 1 The object of this bill is simply to confer that
and still think, there was considerable force in his ; same privilege upon the assignees, to make the
objections. 1 rise now for the purpose of obtain- • warrant in the hands of the soldier, or his widow
inff information in regard to this matter. If I un- . or heirs, a little more valuable. That is the sum
derstand the force of the objections to the bill, ;
stated by the gentleman from Florida, it was, that j
heretofore the assignees of soldiers were not :
allowed to obtain grants of bounty lands given for ,
military services, and that this bill provides, for the j
first time in our legislation, for issuing grants to i
the assignees of soldiers, and thereby encourages ;
that pernicious system of speculation in these (
bounty lands which has heretofore prevailed. '
and substance of the bill. It introduces no new
principle of legislation whatever.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, the gen-
tleman can answer all my objections in one word.
What I wish to know is, whether or not these
warrants were assignable prior to this art'1
Mr. BREESE. Certainly, sir. They have al-
ways been assignable.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I objected to this bill the
other day, and it was laid over that an amendment
might be offered to it confining the privilege it be-
stows upon assignees to the right to enter the
reserved lands held at two dollars and fifty cents
an acre, upon payment of the residue over the
amount of the warrant in money. What I object
to is the right this bill, if passed, will give them of
1 entering the land in 44 legal subdivisions;" not m a
body, but in tracts of forty acres here and forty
I acres there, or eighty and one hundred and twenty
! acres in separate tracts; thus securing the be&t
I small farms in the new States, to the prejudice of
the small farmers. I am opposed to recognizing
• these 44 assignees" by express law to any extent.
Let them stand on their rights of contract, without
( such recognition. They should not be favored; t
will do nothing to aid them. The act of 1847,
: giving this land, is founded on this policy. Most
; of them purchased under that act. They have got
! the warrants for half price in many cases, and m
some cases for less. They are generally mere
speculators, who are not entitled to favorable con-
| sidcration. The land was intended as a home
i for the soldier, and it is against the policy of
I the law to recognize these transfers. The act of
! 1847 forbids transfers before the warrant is issued,
1 and does not contain anything sanctioning them,
I even after the warrant is issued. The act of Au-
gust 14, 1848, authorized the entry by the soldier,
or his widow or heirs, of his land in 44 le^al sub-
1 divisions," without providing that it shall be in a
cojnpact body. It is the first law that contains
, such a provision. The act of 1847 allows the en-
try by the soldier, his widow, or heirs, in legal
subdivisions, but says it shall he in a compact
! body. A bona fide assignee may perhaps have the
: right given by the act of 1847, if the assignment is
, made after the warrant issued; but the act of 1848
impliedly excludes assignees, for it is a special
favor granted to the soldier alone, or his widow or
' heirs alone. This law proposes to give the assignee
j the same right given to the soldier and his widow
and heirs by the act of 1848. As to the privilege
i of allowing them to enter the 44 reserved lands,"
; on paying the overplus of price in money, I have no
i objection to it, as it is the public interest, and not
; favor to these speculating assignees, that dictates
i such law; but what 1 object to is that part of the
bill allowing them to enter the land in 44 legal sub-
I divisions, not in a compact body." That privilege
1 was not existing when they got the discharge of
j the soldier and the power of attorney by which
1 they have evaded the act of 1847, prohibiting
, assignments befoie the warrant issued. I am told
by the Senator that such construction has not been
, placed on the act of 1848, and will not be, if this
i bill is passed. Well, sir, let there be no ambi-
i guity. I propose the following proviso to the bill
i to prevent it:
! Provided, however, That nothing in tins not shall allow
i assignees of bounty land warrant* to enter lands under audi
J wai units m anv subdivisions than one hundred and sixty
j acres in a body.
! VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to by any
. Senator, the amendment cannot be received at this
1 stage of the bill without the recommitment of the
bill.
I Mr. BADGER. I object.
J Mr. WESTCOTT. I then move to recommit
the bill to the Committee 011 the Public Lands. I
make this motion with the sole view of having the
bill amended as suggested.
Mr. BREESE. IVir. President, I am very sorry
to be obliged to take up the time of the Senate in
discussing this matter, which is of very little im-
portance. This bill came from tire House of Rep-
resentatives, and I must insist that the Senator from
X-'lorida is wholly mistaken in regard to its opera-
tion. Ever since the act of February 11, 1847,
was passed, the assignees of land warrants, after
the warrants were issued, have had the same right
to locate the lauds as the original holders of the
warrants possessed. No holder of a Government
bounty land warrant has ever been permitted to
locate his warrant upon disjointed tracts of land .
He has always been required, by the regulations
of the land oifice, to enter them 111 a body. The
idea is ridiculous and absurd that a man possessing
a wairant for one hundred and sixty acres of land
would be allowed to locate upon foity acres m one
place and upon forty acres in another place, and
twenty miles distant from the first, eighty acre* 1:1
another place ten miles from the last. How iv il i
a set 0!' books ever be kept under such circuu.s an-
