1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 65
and, if they do, whether it would riot be better to
recommit this bill, and to affix to it, as an amend-
ment, some provision for-the compensation of land
officers ? Either let the person who purchases the
land with the warrant pay something like the com-
pensation which the land officers have heretofore
received by way of per centage, or else let the
Government pay their officers reasonable salaries
from the public treasury. It was to make these
few observations that I rose.
: Mr. BREESE. Mr. President, I can only say,
in answer to the inquiry of the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin, that the subject to which he has
referred is still before the committee. They have
not yet been able to decideupon it. T believe, how-
• ever, that there is a disposition to give the land
officersa greater compensation, for we all know
that their labors are exceedingly arduous. But so
far as the remark of the Senator in relation to the
receipts at the various land offices, and his state-
ment that almost the entire amount of land sold is
upon Government scrip, are concerned, 1 must say
that I can hardly leconcile them with the state-
ments contained m the report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office. That report shows
that the receipts at the Land Office during the past
year amounted to something like three millions of
dollars.
It is (hey who locate their lands upon sections
of eighty acres or forty acres that bring money
into the treasury. These military land warrants
are located in quarter sections of one hundred and
sixty acres. It is from the settler who buys small
sections of land that the money is derived, and
under the present system the treasury has received
upwards of three millions of dollars for public
lands during the past year.
Mr. TURNEY. Mr. President, I wish to make
one remark. I think the Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] is entirely mistaken in regard to one
fact. He supposes that these warrants have already
been transferred to the assignees. If the Senator
will permit me, I will say that 1 know that this
is not the case, inasmuch as the larger portion of
the soldiers are now applying for their warrants.
No transfer has been made, none can be made,
till after the wairants have been issued. Nor have
the rights of the soldier been hypothecated. This
I know to be the fact, at least in relation to the
soldiers in the State in which I live; and I pre-
sume it is the case in regard to the soldiers from
the other States of the Union. My judgment is,
that this bill is necessary m order to prevent the
depreciation of the warrants. 1 take it for granted
that those soldiers who live in a State in which
there are no public lands will pretty generally sell
their warrants; and, if they do, the loss by their
depreciation will fall upon the soldiers alone. I
think, therefore, that it would be better for them
if this bill should pass, and consequently I shall
vote for it
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, one
point merely in answer to the Senator from Ten-
nessee. I know something about his gallant fel-
low-citizens of Tennessee, who served so honora-
bly in the Mexican war. 1 know something about
what took place when they were discharged at
New Orleans; and although I was not positively
informed that &uch was the fact, yet rumor report-
ed at that time that the soldiers were selling their
discharges, hypothecating them at fifty and sixty
dollars all over the city.
Mr. TURNEY, (interposing.) Those were not
the first troops.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir, they were, and they
constituted the largest portion of your fellow-citi-
zens who were engaged in rhe war.
. Mr. BORLANlS. Mr. President, this bill seems
to nie to be entirely for the benefit of assignees;
in other woids, for the benefit of speculators. I
here take occasion to say, that while there may
be many honorable exceptions, (some of whom
I know,) the history of this country in all its
transactions, whether in money or land, has never
presented such a series of fraudulent transactions
' as have disgraced our country in the purchase and
! assignment of these land warrants. At the time
! of which the Senator from Mississippi speaks,
[ when the soldiers were discharged at New Orleans
and other points, a set of land-shaiks, pirates, and
harpies, (I know no terms too harsh to apply to
• them,) arose in every portion of the country to
' defraud the soldier out of his hard-earned gratuities
! from the Government.
The whole operations of the Pension Office &ave
been suspended for the last three or four weeks for
the purpose ofpscertaining, if possible, the amount
of frauds that have, heen committed in relation to
these land warrants. Some of the clerks belong-
ing to that office are now traversing the country in
search of these harpies who have been eating up
the products of the soldier's toil. The whole busi-
ness of issuing land warrants has been suspended
for the last four weeks, and the officers say it will
be impossible to go on unless something be done
to put an end to these fraudulent transactions, and
to prevent the soldier and the Government from
beingimposed upon by these unprincipled sharpers.
In a number of cases as many as three applications
have been made for the same land warrant, and
forged papers have been brought forward. For
whose benefit has the law been passed ? For whose
benefit have these warrants been issued ? For the
benefit of the soldier and his family, and in many
cases for the benefit of his widow and orphan
children, who are now reduced to destitution and
suffering by these speculators.
Mr. President, I am willing to go to any extent
in extending the support, care, and protection of
this Government to the soldier, his widow, and
his children; hut 1 am not willing that any act of
mine should benefit these assignees, especially
when it must be done at the expense of the gallant
and deserving soldier. If we could ascertain that
every case of assignment was a fair and equitable
transaction, that the soldier had received the full
market value of his warrant, I would be willing to
extend to the assignee, who had made the purchase
in good faith and with an honest purpose, all the
benefit which the law could give him. I would
be willing to allow him all the piivileges which
the soldier himself originally possessed and sold to
him. But, inasmuch as I believe that in propor-
tion to the whole number of cases of assignment,
very few have been made with an honest purpose
and in a fair manner, I am not willing to grant any
privilege to the speculator.
That provision of the law which forbade the
transfer of the claim before the warrant.was issued
is a very wise one. It whs to prevent these spec-
ulators taking advantage of the soldiers when they
first returned from Mexico, by all manner of de-
ception and fiaud. They left no device untried
by which they thought it possible to fleece their
victims. Among other th'ngs, they represented to
the soldiers that it would be very difficult, and
would require a long time to get their warrants
from the officers at Washington; and in conse-
quence of these misrepresentations, they in many
cases obtained the claims at their own price. The
piovision which guards the soldier against such
transactions is a good, a wise, and a proper one.
The law which it is now proposed to enact would
do away with all the benefits which have been
derived from that provision, and would pay a
bounty, as it weie, for the very fraudulent trans-
actions, the very misrepresentations by which the
speculator defrauds the soldier of his hard-earned
gratuity. If it is for the benefit of the soldier that
the bill proposes to give increased value to land
warrants, I will vote for it. But, inasmuch as I
believe that it cont'ds the benefit exclusively upon
the speculator, and renders no scrvicc to the soldier
or his heirs, I shall be compelled to vote against it.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, from the time
the Government first granted land wairants to
soldiers, a struggle has been going on by specula-
tors to ilecce the soldiers out of their warrants.
That struggle is just as old as the warrants. When
the bill was reported to the Senate for the purpose
of granting bounty lands to soldiers, I struggled
for three weeks upon this floor to confine that
warrant to the soldier, or to his wife and children
if he should die, and to keep it out of the hands,
or rather out of the maws, of those cormorants
who pursue them to devour them: those harpies
who pursue them with every falsehood and every
misrepresentation that can be devised to deceive
them, telling them that it will be a long time before
they can get their warrants, and that they will be
worth nothing after they shall have obtained them,
or that they can never get anything from the Gov-
ernment. I struggled for three weeks, Mr. Presi-
dent, to save the soldiers from the cormorants
called assignees. I failed, and all that I said and
said again upon this floor, until the very starlings
could have repeated it word for word, if there had
been any about, is now known to be true. Every
peison who has seen anything of the operation of
the law knows it to be true, and that the soldiers
have been pursued by these cormorants, who have
fastened upon them like bloodhounds, and over-
come them in every way they could. They have
overcome them by liquor and false representations,
and by every species of fraud, and have thus got
the warrants out of their hands.
And now, when we have passed a law with every
restriction, we are not safe, for every person knows
that there are two legislative powers m every coun-
try, and the last is the most important one. First,
there is the legislative power proper, which passes
the law; and last, there is the legislative power im-
proper, which construes the act and makes it either
wide or narrow, according to their judgments or
their prejudices. The statute in this case has re-
ceived a construction which I never would have
given it. I understand that powers of attorney are
executed by which the whole statute is defeated.
Even the few guards which we succceded in putting
upon it are completely evaded.
Now, Mr. President, I will tell you what I mean
to do. I do not mean by any act whatsoever to
admit the existence of an assignee. Far from giv-
ing him undue advantages now; far from makihg
that warrant—which is as valuable now as when
he got it—for he got it for half price—more valua-
ble than it is at present; far from allowing him to
go over the country, picking out the eyes of the
land, picking out a nch tract here and a rich tract
there, taking all the fat streaks and leaving all the
lean ones, I will vote against every bill having the
word assignee m it. Eveiy bill, which contains
the word assignee, in connection with these war-
rants, I shall oppose. Whencvera bill is presented,
if any gentleman will just cry out ''assignee," I
will vote against it; because I do not mean to vote
for any bill that recognizes the existence of an
assignee.
The question on the recommitment of the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands being taken, it
was agreed to, and the bill was accordingly recom-
mitted.
LAND TITLES IN NEW MEXICO AND CALI-
FORNIA.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of the unfinished business, bring the bill for ascer-
taining claims and titles to lands within the Terri-
tories of California and New Mexico, to grant
donation rights, and to piovide for the survey of
the lands therein; the question pending being the
motion of Mr. Benton to recommit the bill with
instructions.
Mr. BREESE. The motion submitted by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] brings to
the consideration of the Senate, not only the prop-
osition icported by the committee, but the amend-
ments submitted by myself, and his own, as a
substitute for all. He has presented, sir, a great
many arguments against the bill, and in favor of
his own plan, which, I think, is liable to some of
the objections he makes to the original bill and the
amendment. It will be perceived by the Senate,
that this bill, as originally proposed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, provided for a hoaul of
coimmssionets and a surveyor geueial, to lay oft*
the private claims and suivey the icpjdue—follow-
ing the plan adopted many years since for the ad-
justment of pmate land chums m coded territory.
Anil, so far as T am informed, though there has
been some delay, I believe justice has been done
generally, and the interests of the Government
protected by such a system.
The Senator, sir, has made objections to this
bill—some of them radical m their character, and
therefore not susceptible of amendment; and some
which are special as to the details of the bill, and
whsch can be amended. Hssfust objection, as far
as I understand it, is that the committee have em-
braced in their bill California and New Mexico—
countries which have no natural connection with
each other—and will subject the inhabitants of
both to great trouble and expense to go to one
place, either in California or New Mexico, pars-
ing through a wilderness of a thousand miles, m
order that their titles may be examined before the
board.
There is one plain and simple answer to this ob-
jection of the Senator, and the bill itself furnishes
it. The first scction provides tint they shall hold,
their sessions as commissioners at such points m
each territory as may be selected by the Piesident.
