1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
Mr. VINTON was understood to say that he
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table, with the understanding that if at any time
there should be occasion to reopen debate, the
motion mis:ht be taken up.
Mr. COBB said, if the gentleman insisted on his
motion to lay on the table, he (Mr. C.) must resist
it here, and he had yet the floor. There would,
however, he repeated, be no difficulty in enforcing
the order.
Mr. VINTON then moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Which motion having prevailed—
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Smith,
of Indiana, in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending the 30th day of
June, 1850.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Stephens to the amendment of Mr. Embree
(heretofore published) on the subject of mileage—
Mr. MURPHY, who was entitled to the floor,
proceeded to address the committee.
He had participated, he said, in the feeling
which had been manifested here that this debate
should be closed, and, when the floor had been
assigned to him the other day, it was not his j
intention to make any extended remarks. He de- j
sired, however, to say, that whilst he condemned i
the course which had been pursued by his col- 1
league [Mr. Greeley] towards the members of this j
House, he (Mr. M.) must also dissent from the j
position which had been taken by other gentlemen I
in reference to this subject of mileage. j
The system of compensation to members of this
House worked unequally and unjustly. The sys-
tem of mileage operating, as the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Brown] had said, as compensa-
tion, was particularly unjust. It was never so in-
tended. When, in the year 1818, the present rate
of mileage was fixed, it was intended to cover the
expenses of members coming to Washington, with
such portions of their families as they might think
proper to bring with them. At that time gentle-
men could hardly come from New York m less
than a week; and it was easy to see that ninety
dollars mileage thence was not more than would
pay the actual expenses of a member and such
portion of his family as might accompany him.
What was then true m relation to New York was
equally true in reference to other sections of the
country; probably more so, because the route to
New York was over the most traveled route,
whilst in other sections of the country there were !
difficulties and inconveniences to be encountered,
and the expenses consequently were much greater.
But it never was intended that a portion of the
members should receive one or two thousand dol-
lars more than others for their services here, as
they were now receiving in the shape of mileage.
He took it that the services of gentlemen here,
coming from what district they might, were en-
t-tied to equal compensation. He did not know
thatagentlcman f^om Mississippi, or Louisiana, or
Missouri could earn more at home than a mem-
ber from Maryland, New York, or Massachusetts.
He knew not that the services of a gentleman from
one of those States weie moie valuable to himself !
or to the country, than the services of a gentleman
from one of the nearer States.
But the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. 'j
Brown] said that this additional compensation, in !
the form of mileage to distant members, was in- :
tended as an equivalent for the advantages which .
members residing near the seat of Government
possessed in going home and attending to their !|
business. It was never so intended by the law. J
That was a sufficient answer to the gentleman, jj
The law never contemplated compensation in this i
way. But it was not true m fact. Members from ;i
a distance—especially professional men—did more ;j
business whilst Congress was m session than mem- i j
hers living nearby. Who ever heard of a member i'
from a near district having cases sent to him by \ \
other lawyers for argument in the Supreme Court? j;
They came on and argued their own cases, but jj
distant lawyers did not. Probably, now and then, !i
a lawyer who lived at no remote distance might go ['
home to attend court; but he insisted that it was jj
not true in fact, that members living near were '!
more absent than members living at a distance.
I He had in his eye a gentleman from the State from
| which the gentleman from Mississippi came, who
j was absent duung the last session of Congress
| probably more than a gentleman who resided in
1 New York. Gentlemen might have gone there
j from motives of patriotism—they might have gone
j there to make speeches—or from motives of curi-
osity and pleasure. He cared not; he inquired
not. But he said, as a matter of fact, that distant
members were as long absent as members from
the near districts.
He did not object to this. He should like to
see all the members of this House visit the city of
New York. He was suie that if gentlemen from
; the South came there, they would find much less
of what was called abolition than they were now
disposed to credit. Probably they might get rid
of some of the prejudices which they entertained
against the North, or that part of the North. He
would invite gentlemen from the West also to
come and see that mighty heart of our trade. He
thought it wa3 probable that after having seen it,
they would be willing to do something for the
facilities of commerce, as to which some of them
were such stern opponents on this floor. They
would see our ships carrying forth thej produc-
tions of the Far West to all parts of the world,
and bringing back the conveniences, the comforts,
and he might say the necessaries, of civilized life.
They would find these facilities of commerce were
not local in their character or influence, but that
they tended to the prosperity of the whole Repub
lie. He would like to see all these gentlemen
there.
But he was digressing. He had been arguing
that, in point of fact, the distant members were as
much absent as members from nearer districts.
And he repeated that the mileage system acted
unequally and unjustly, and that it should be re-
formed. Of what advantage to the country were
the facilities of communication which had been
opened through the States, if the country was not
to have the benefit of them here as well as else-
where? Why should not the rate of mileage be
reduced to what was a proper compensation for
the expenses of traveling, as originally intended?
Was there any reason? Certainly none.
But he had not risen to discuss this matter at
length. He had no desire to do so. But he wished
1 to repel the position taken by the gentleman from
Mississippi.
In respect to the publication of his colleague,
[Mr. Greeley,] it had but little affected him, (Mr.
M.) The gentleman had put him down as having
received an excess of the paltry sum of £3 20.
How he had made it out, he (Mr. M.) could
scarcely tell.
[As Mr. M. referred more particularly to this
matter at the close of his remarks, we omit stating
it here.]
The gentleman (Mr. M. continued) was not
now in his seat. If he were so, he (Mr. M.) would
tell him, as he told this House, that what he
charged upon him, the gentleman had done him-
self. That gentleman, on his own showing, had
taken from the treasury a larger amount than he
(Mr. M.) had taken, or than the gentleman was
entitled by law to take. The gentleman took pre-
cisely the same amount allowed to him (Mr. M.)
this session, and he lived beyond him and further
from this place. This was m keeping with the
character of the punt in which the publication ap-
peared.
He hoped something would be done to correct
this matter of mileage, by which equality among
members might be established. He did not desire
to stinj; any one. tie was willing, if the present
per diem was not considered enough, to increase it
to ten or twelve dollars. But he preferred to adopt
the system of giving a fixed salary, together with
the actual expenses of travel. By this means one
thing would at least be got rid of—that was to say,
the odium which was cast upon Congress for pro-
tracting its sessions, for the purpose of securing
the eight dollars per day; a charge which was not
true in fact. Equality among members also would
thus be produced. He contended that, as Rep-
resentatives here, they were entitled to such equali-
ty. He had nothing more to say.
Mr. M. was about to yield the floor, when,
perceiving Mr. Greeley in his seat, he (Mr. M.)
continued—
My colleague is now in his seat. He charges,
in his publication, that I took #3 20 more than I
was entitled to by the nearest post route. I was
entitled to take it by law._ But lie says the post
route to my residence is some four miles shorter
than the distance I charge. There is no traveled
route to my residence except that by the usual
post route,. Therefore, his publication amounts
to the charge that I have taken not only what was
allowed by law, but §3 20 more than I was enti-
tled to by law. Now, I say that the gentleman
himself, traveling over the same route, and living
in a district this side of mine, takes precisely the
same amount, and therefore has himself taken
more than he was by law entitled to take.
Mr. GREELEY said he had directed the Ser-
geant-at-arms to make out his account by the
shortest post route, [laughter,] which was 225
miles; although he resided some three miles fur-
ther than that gentleman [Mr. Murphy] who re-
ceived pay for 229 miles, and although he lived
four miles beyond the post office, for which he
received nothing. This was the distance given
upon the shortest mail route in the post office book
of 1842, being the latest book which gave the
shortest distances.
Mr. MURPHY inquired if the gentleman had
not received $184 mileage?
Mr. GREELEY replied, no: his account had
been made out so, [laughter,] but he had subse-
quently directed the Sergeant-at-arms to correct it,
and make it $180.
Mr.SCHENCK, (in his seat, to Mr. Greeley.)
Did " nobody" do it?
Mr. GREELEY, in reply, repeated, ihat the
account had so been made ont, but that he had
directed it to be reduced to $180.
Mr. RICHARDSON wished to inquire of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Greeley] if his
account had not been presented to the Committee
on Accounts by himself, and that the identical
account for which the money had been drawn ?
Mr. GREELEY replied that his account had
been made out at first from what he believed to be
the shortest route; he had found afterwards [laugh-
ter] that it was not the shortest post route, and had
had the account corrected, as he had stated.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It turns out just as I
supposed with thegentleman; he presented his own
account to the Committee on Mileage—the same
account that was allowed to others.
Mr. SAWYER next obtained the floor, and pro-
posed to occupy some of the remaining time allot-
ted to debate in calling the attention of the House
to some features of the bill to which he objected,
and upon which he might not have an opportunity
to give his views under the five minutes' rule.
with reference to this matter of mileage he had
nothing further to say; he had had full, ample sat-
isfaction on that subject. Thegentleman who had
undertaken to bring him up, together with other
members of this House, before their constituents,
he thought, had received a just rebuke for the
course which he had taken.
There were certain items of this bill to which he
had serious objections. He had stated some of
those objections at the last session, and he would
now repeat them. He mentioned first the item of
$1,000 for the purchase of law books for the libra-
ries of the departments; also the item for the "Aux-
iliary Guard" of Washington.
What these contingent expenses were, he knew
not. He understood there was a law in the case
allowing to the captain of the guard a salary of one
thousand dollars a year; to fivcofficersof the guard,
thirty-live dollars a month; and to ten others of these
officers of the guard, thirty dollars a month each;
making in all a yearly expenditure, in the item of
salaries for this object, amounting to the sum of six
thousand two hundred dollars. But here was an ap-
propriation for six thousand seven hundred and
seventy-five dollars, while the law only provides for
salaries to the amount of six thousand two hun-
dred dollars. What it was proposed to do with
this excess of five hundred and seventy-five dollars
put down m this item, he was wholly unable to
say. He gave notice of his intention, at the proper
time, to make a motion to stiike out the w'hole of
this item for contingent expenses. He had other
reasons to support the objections which he had
urged against this item; for there was a law au-
thorizing the employment of guards for eveiy
public building: and notwithstanding this precau-
tion for the security of the public pioperty, it had
not been long since the National Institute had suf-
