272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 16.
fered the loss of some of the iriost valuable articles
in the collection. These articles were lost while
the guards of the Patent Office building were on
then- watch, or ought to have been; but they were
probably sleeping in their rooms, and by sheer
neglect suffered these things to be taken away.
They were taken away, at all events, in spite of
the vigilance of both the principal and the auxihafy
guards. He expressed his utter disapprobation
of that state of things which permitted of the em-
ployment of such guards, who were paid out of
the people's money, and permitted to walk about
at leisure. It was the reflection, that his constit-
uents were called upon to contribute their propor-
tion of money, which went for the pay of these
officers, that his dislikeof this proceeding was now
excited and expressed. He passed over any re-
marks upon the just grounds of suspicion for dis-
honest connivance by which this loss had been
sustained, to say merely, that there had been a
most manifest abuse of their trust, and dereliction
of duty on the part of these guards, as well as their
auxiliaries.
Theie was another objection to this bill, which
he founded upon the omission of any provision in
that portion which relates to the Navy Depart-
ment, for the abolishment of that most infamous
and degrading practice of whipping the common
siilors. He expressed his utter abhorrence of
this most abominable and contemptible practice of
whipping the sailors m the naval service, and
added his intention, at the proper time, to oiler an
amendment to this portion of the bill, making u
the duty of the Secretary of the Navy forthwith
to publish an order to abolish this practice. He
should offer this amendment, if not anticipated by
the motion of some other gentleman, and demand
the yeas and nays upon the subject.
He objected, <>lso, to the item allowing for com-
pensation of " four assistant draw-keepers at the
Potomac bridge, including oil for lamps and ma-
chinery, lire-wood, and repairs, four thousand two
hundred and ninety dollars." Some gentlemen
miiiht suppose tins a small business for membeis
of Congress to be talking about, but he did not so
consider it; for, in the first place, this bridge was
built at the expen.se of the General Government,
and he referred particularly to a recent appropria-
tion of thirty thousand dollars for that object. The
bridge was built at the public expense for private
and local use; and now, as he considered, the least
that could be done by the people interested in the
work, would be to keep it in repair. As a matter
of duty, therefore, at the proper time he should
move to strike out thus item.
He had also another objection to the bill. He
found, at line 501, the following item: " For com-
pleting the center snip of Pennsylvania avenue to
fifteenth street west, one thousand two hundred
dollars." At the last session of Congress theie
was appropriated to this object the sum of four
thousand dollars; in the year it>47 there was appro-
priated for the improvement of this same street the
sum of sixteen thousand dollars; and it was now
proposed to make this additional appropriation—
making a total of neatly ^22,01)0 for this single im-
provement. Not content with the munificence of
the General Government by which this .street had
been built as a giatuity, the people of the city
were now coming forward and asking that it be
lighted with gas, by the ercction of lamps on
both sides of the stiect, at the expense of the Gen-
eral Government. As for his constituents, (he
said,) they made their own roads and bridges;
lighted their own cities; paid their own city guards
and their auxiliaries; and did everything else
pertaining to their own interest and security at
their own expense. The people of the State of
Ohio and elsewhere provided and paid for all these
things our of their own pockets; and m view of
the injustice and inequality of the appropriation
to which he was referring, were he a citizen of
the city of Washington, he would spuin such a
boon at the hands of Congress. He would stand
up like a man, and say to the ^National Legis-
lature, on the part of his fellow-citizens, We are
able to do these things for ourselves, and we
prefer not to be dependent on the General Govern-
ment. But it was said that the people of Wash-
ington were making other improvements for the
purpose of drawing trade to their town. How stood
the facts? The people of Washington had indeed
gone into one work of internal improvement of this
character, now before his mind. He referred to
the wet-weather canal, which they proposed to dig
at their own expense, but aftewards called upon
the country to pay the debt which they incurred
by it. This canal, which had been broken and
filled up in many places, he understood, was now
to be opened anew; and he ventured the prediction,
that a single year would not elapse before there
would be a call upon the country for some reim-
bursement of this expenditure. TDo all such things
he entered a solemn protest, in the name of his
constituents. He knew not, and he regarded not,
what gentlemen might think of his course now. ,
He was determined'" to persist in calling attention |
to these things; and he would not be diverted from j
his purpose by looks, and frowns, and sneers. ]
What he believed to be his duty he was ready to i
promulge and do in his place upon that floor. 1
The next item to which he would call the atten- j
tion of the committee was, the compensation "for i
the warden, clerk, physician, chaplain, three as- i
sistant keepers, five guards and messengers, of I
the penitentiary of the District of Columbia, eight |
thousand five hundred and fifty dollars.'5 This |
was an increase over the same item tor last year
of upwards of two thousand dollars—the item last
year being only six thousand two hundred and
eighty-three dollars. He would mention, merely,^
that this item might be reduccd by the amount of
the pay of the chaplain at least, as that officer
was appointed without any warrant m the Con-
stitution. He had nothing further to say against
this item. For the same reason he had never yet
given his vote for the appointment of any chaplain
of this House, or any such officer.
He desired, also, to call the attention of the
committee to his objections to the appropriation
for the coast survey. With reference to this item,
he would observe, that he regarded it as one of the
most outrageous propositions in the whole bill:
and if gentlemen would look at the report from
the Secretary of the Tieasury, exhibiting the an-
nual amounts appropriated for the support of this
branch of the service, recently laid on then tables,
they would find a most alarming increase in the
expenses of this coast survey. They would per-
ceive that the table commences with appropriations
of fifty thousand, forty-nine thousand, twenty
thousand, thirty thousand, and so on: but when
he looked down the column to the year 1S45, he
found this item was increased to one hundred
thousand dollats; in 184G it was one hundred and
eleven thousand dollars; in 1847, it was one hun-
dred and forty-six thousand dollars; m lb43 it
, was one hundred and sixty-five thousand dollars;
: and for this present year it was proposed to in-
! crease it to one hundred and eighty-four thousand
1 dollais; and he piedicted that it would be but a
veiy short time before Congiess would be called
upon not merely for one or two hundred thousand
dollars, but for perhaps a million of dollars for the
annual support of this service. The child was not
yet born th.it would see the end of this most ruin-
ous system of public expenditure for these useless
surveying and exploring expeditions. What were
they now doing m tins seivice? They were sur-
veying the mouths of mere creeks, where no man
could ever think of sending a vessel for the pur-
poses of commerce. He referred to their maps to
sustain what he ailegtd, and he would undeitake
to say, that, taking the country together, there was
not one man in ten thousand who was or could be
at all interested in what they were doing. They
. were neglecting to survey the mouths of the great
rivers on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico, and
they were neglecting the entne Lake coast—all the
great channels of commerce were neglected by
them, while Congress was making the annual ap-
propriation of a hundred and eighty thousand
dollars, for the support or these operatsous, which
had been confined to portions of the coast so in-
significant in the comparison, that he might say
the whole could be overlooked fiom the top of
the Capitol. The grand total of all the appropria-
tions for tins service from its commencement, was
$1,605,725 39; and this was only as ihe entering
wedge to the consequences which were to flow out
from this system.
While upon this subject he would take occasion
to remark, that this coast suivey was but the off-
spring of one of the eaily and most objectionable
institutions of this country. The Coa-t Suivey,
the Exploring Expedition, the Natioi al Observa-
tory, the Expedition to measure the Sun's oistance
by observation upon the transit of Mercury—all
\ these devices for the expenditure of the public
: money, had their source and origin in one of the
; institutions of this country, which had been lon 
I supported at a heavy public expense, and which
' had always taken to itself more praise than was its
■ just due. He referred to the West Point Academy.
i In that institution were educated\he young men of
: the country—sons of members of Congress, and
generally sons of rich men. And after they were
. educated, they were thrown upon the country for
; employment, or left to themselves to rack their
; brains in order to devise the ways and means of
i getting up national observatories, and exploring
1 and scientific expeditions at the public expense.
; They were continually asking Congress for ap-
| propriations for these objects. All these applica-
| tions came from this quarter. And now it was
i proclaimed everywhere that this institution could
i not be dispensed with, because of the efficiency of
1 its students in war; and these were the very men
1 who were themselves proclaiming it from the
; house-top, as might be seen in one. of the articles
i of this morning's Union, giving an account of a
' meeting to commemorate the gallant deeds of the
1 swarm of officers from that institution in the late
! war with Mexico; while not one word was said
i about the deeds of those numerous and gallant
  officers, who left their plough-tails and their
1 workshops to serve in that war, and who, he
' did not hesitate to declare, did ten times as
I much, and were more efficient in the service
1 generally, than were the students of West Point.
' These students stood m the way, and eflect-
J ually prevented the advancement of every mert-
! torious young man who might ripe up from his
1 work-shop or his farm. Not one of these latter
\ could get a commission in the army, nor a berth
,i in an exploring expedition, not even a_ survey-
orship; all such places were to be supplied by
those who have been educated at the Military
Academy, and fostered all their lives at the expense
of the people. He repeated and emphasized what
i, he had said. These students stood m the way of
•| worthier men. Their position before the country
■ ' amounted to a monopoly, a usurpation of all the
| places in the army or navy. No man could any
l', longer be promoted to any prominent office in
S either of these departments, or intrusted with
i1 scarcely any other commission in the gift of the
. Government, exrept he hails from West Point
' Academy. To those select and favored young
men, of distinguished families, were assigned all
the chief official positions of the Government;
while the other, the more numerous, and perhaps
the more deserving portion of the boys of the
, country, were left to assume inferior positions.
He would not proceed any further. He had
! sought the floor for the purpose merely of declaring
/ that he would not countenance such a system of
j extravagance and injustice, if these things were
I to be supported at the expense of his constituents,
! they should not have the sanction of his vote. He
.'had merely given his views to the committee, as
i it was his privilege and his duty to do. As an
1 honest man, and the representative of an honest
constituency, he had offered his objections to the
bill; and having done so, he would now resign
the floor.
: Mr. N1COLL was understood to say that the
"gentleman from Ohio had most seriously misap-
, piehended the case of the United States coast eur-
- vey. He undertook to say that there was nothing
j of exclusiveness in their operations which hod been
' alluded to by that gentleman. In stating the in-
' crease of the appropriations for this service from
year to year, the gentleman had neglected to state,
also, that the amount of service actually performed
'! had been more than quadrupled. Neither had their
operations been restricted to the neighboring coast
as intimated; but they had been extended to the
Gulf of Mexico, and even round upon the north-
west coast. He affirmed that more real work had
been done in this branch of the service, than had
ever been done in any other department of the
Government for the same amount of money. Any
gentleman, taking it upon hio>self to examine the
1 office of the coast survey in this city, might be con-
, vinced of the necessity of devoting a portion of the
year (generally reserved for the wintci) to putting
upon record the matter collected by the working
parties during the milder seasons; and he thought
' no one could allow himself to examine the most
j accurate and excellent maps which accompany the
I, reports from this office, without admitting that the
