1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
a desire that the bi'I should not be postponed in
consequence of his absence, as other Senators
might wish to be heard on the subject.
Thfe bill was then, by unanimous consent, in-
formally passed over.
The Senate then proceeded to consider as in
Committee of the Whole, the bill to change the
times for holding the district courts of the United
States for the western district of Virginia, and for
other purposes; which was also passed over in-
formally.
REDUCED RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. NILES moved to postpone the prior orders
of the day with a view to take up the bill to leduce
the rates of postage, and for other purposes.
The motion having beeu agreed to, the bill was
taken up and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill was read by sections.
Mr. NILES. The question is' upon the amend-
ments offered by the committee. The committee
have had these amendments under consideration
since they were printed; and in consequence of the
treaty with Great Britain, they have deemed it
necessary to alter some parts of the section rela-
ting to foreign letter postage. I have to offer an
amendment as a substitute for the fourth scction,
adopting lules ""prescribed in the treaty with Eng-
land—which we are bound by that treaty to adopt
<—with respect to our postal connections with her;
and which rules, from the consideration of having
uniformity in the matter, they have concluded to
adopt in relation to the postal arrangements with
all other foreign countries.
The amendment was read by the Secretary, as
follows:
"Fec. 4. be it Jurther enacted, Th.it all If tiers con-
veyed ui the United State-> nmd by sea from any place in the
•United States to auv foieigu country, or to the po^es-ioni
of the United States on the Pacine, .-hall be ch.ug^ti with a
uiufmm postage of vwenly-oiio cents when not weighing
over iMlt an oam-e, and t!m hl«; -u.n tor <>\eiy additional
liait ounee, oi {factional p-ut liieieol; the &«une rates ol
|)0 t«igi; be clmig<-d on all letters convoked in like man-
ner, from any tort  gu country or the p (-.-Cbtiona ol thu Uni-
ted .States on the L\ieihc, to aiiv place in the United States.
Thii late is. exclusive ol the foreign postage ehaiyeuhle on
such !ellri>. And ill) letter conveyed ;i<mt anj place m the
United tftit'-"? to any foreign country, in a paeic-t or mail
ship belonging to any foreign Power, oi to the c itizen* theie-
oi, ami emp.oyed b> Mich t'ower to trnn-poUviis mail, fliali
foe chained with postage at tne rat-.' ot live cent.- il.e hali
ounce in nirinner uloriii-ciiil; and ail letters convej ed m .-uch
ioiv-i^n packet or m.i:J shipfiom any j.neign eountiv to any
pou or place in the United States shall he chaig. il wnU live
cents postage lor each half ounce oi t:actional pan thcteof;
•and ail letter^ postal oi mailed at any place in the United
Staie< foi a.iy foreign eountiyoi tne Pacific coafd of' the
Unui <1 States, and convened by a pmate ve.-sel or r-hsp,
whether owned by citizens of the United lates Oi cmzen-.
of a foreign counti), aud not employed in tran-poitmg a
public mail,--hall be charged with mo cent.-. po^tnge the
halt otuiee, m manner afoie-?aid, to be piepuid; and all let-
ters convened in ^iieh pnvate vessel or s-hip hom a nneign
countiy to the United States, and po>ted at any place in the
Untied State-*, shall bu thutged with the like po taye of fi\ e
cent-, lite hall'ounce; and no additional charge >diait he made
for inland po.-tage. And all newspaper?- coin eyed fiom the
United Mate,s to any foreign country, or to the i'aeinc coast ■
•of the United States, «i limn any icei^n coimtiiys or the
Pacific coa^-t to the United Slates, in any picket or «teum-
-slnp tian^poriing-a public mail,--hall be ciiatged with two
cents postage for each nevv&papej, no addition benia made
for inland postage ; arid all pamphlets, ni;nfa/.nte«;, or books,
conveyed itrtne mail a^> afoioaul, trom the United States
to any forejgq country or t!.e 1'acifie coast ot the United
Status, or fiom any foreign country er iho Pacific eoa.-t to
an\ place in the United States, and not woudiiiur inoiethan
two ounces, shall pay two cents po-tage, and two cents for
cvciy additional ounce or fractional pa;t theteofj no addition 1
hen.g'ehaiged for inland po-tage." i
Mr. NILES. Mr. President, %I presume the j
Senate would obtain a very correct idea of the sec- 1
tion and the amendment offered as a substitute j
from their reading; but perhaps a few words by i
way of explanation will not be amiss. By the re- j
•cent treaty with England we have established the ;
rate of st$am postage on all letters conveyed in her !
mails into that country, or in any mails of Great ;
Britain and the United States, at sixteen cents; i
with the additional provision, also, that the inland ;
postage of letters for England thiough the United j
States shall be five cents, and the inland postage j
of onr letteis through Great Britain three ccnts— j
making twenty-four cents, as the combined postage ]
on tetters going in our steamers or their steamers, j
Well, sir, as w-e were under the necessity of adopt- ;
ing these rates in pur intercourse with Great ,
Britain, we thought it best to make the rule ap- j
phcable to all other countries, and theiefore fixed ,
the uniform rate of postage upon all other foieign i
letters conveyed w our mails at twenty-one cents; j
this rate to prevail with Great Britain or any other
j foreign country with whom we have established
} mail lines. This amount of twenty-one cents is
| uniform in its application to other countries, so
i that a person can send a letter from Liverpool,
Bremen, or any other part of the Continent, at pre-
cisely the same rate of postage as it is received at
New York. The same rate applies in regard to
letters received from foreign countries, it being
deemed necessary -by the committee to preserve as
much uniformityas possible; it making, therefore,
no difference between letters received at New York
from abroad, and those which may be received at
any distant part of the country, fixing the English
postage in all cases at five cents.
The section provides further, in regard to letters
not conveyed in the foreign mails of the United
States, where we cannot control the postage, ex-
cept the English postage, that the same pnnciple
shall obtain, fixing the rate of postage on letters
thus conveyed at five cents. This is the whole
charge we impose on them. They of course will
be subjected to the rate of foreign postage, sixteen
cents m British mails—the only country that has,
any mail line established permanently to the United
States.
A further provision is made in this section with
regard to letters conveyed in piivate vessels that
do not carry regular public mails. The section is
limited to letteis that are actually posted m the
United States. Thus they arc received by such
vessels, and when they come into our ports go to
the post office; and the provision is, that those that
come from such vessels to the post office, or go
from the post ofiicc to such vessels, pay five ccnts
postage, induing inland postage; so that in all
parts of the tlmted States the postage may be the
same. As this section coveis tne whole of the
arrangements for foreign-postage, there is also a
; provision in regard to postage on pamphlets,
! magazines, and newspapers, though the postage
! upon this description of mailable matter has also
j been contiolled by the treaty with England. The
I treaty fixes the nUe of postage upon a newspaper
' by us weight; the English rate of postage on a
| newspaper being one penny English currency,
! while we have adopted two cents! This is a very
; low postage, and the committee had some doubts
i whether the sum would cover the English postage
, as well as the steam postage; but, considering that
i the bill pioposcs to leduce the newspaper postage
j at home to one cent find to half a cent, they thought
• it on the whole best to preserve umfotmity, and
| that it would be better to let the rale stand at two
j cenis, including the steam postage as well as m-
; land. So that newspapers as well as letters can
j be received throughout the UnitedStates at uniform
j rates of two cents, the same to those going out of
I the country.
i In respect to pamphlets, the custom of the Eng-
lish postal system is a singular one. They adopt
a low rate for the fust ounce, a higher late for the
second, and so progress upwards. W c have adopted
their rule in pait. ~ We propose the rate of two i
cents—a sum to which we are confined in the j
treaty as far as England is concerned—for the first ■
ounce, including English postage, and we increase j
the postage on such mail matter as pamphlets and
magazines, according to weight. We piopose to ,
advance the postage as the weight incieases, but !
not to continue the punciple of progression as i
! the English law noes. We meitly propose to |
! double the chatge upon all exceeding the iiistrate.
The first rate is two ounces. The English mail-j
; carnes two ounces for one penny. Our old law ]
1 fixed the rate at two and a half cents, and one j
i cent for eve'ry succeeding ounce. I think we have j
: had very good reasons for making these charges, j
j particularly in regaid to letters. With regard to |
; these pamphlets, which are an important item in :
1 the communication between the two countries, :
I this provision of the bill, 1 think, is very liberal— \
\ about what it ought to be. It fixes the first rate 1
i of two ounces at two cents, all beyond that at j
| two cents the ounce; and this m the progression •
| is considerably below the English rate of postage
1 for similar mutter. The first rate, as I have said, ]
j of this class of matter is two ounces, which is sub- j
' ject to one penny postage m England, and which
| we have been bound by the treaty not to increase. :
; The first rate of two ounces is two cents, and an :
; additional two cents for all beyond that. 1
I Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, it is certainly j
| very desirable that this bill should be acted upon, I
and acted upon promptly. But it is still more'
desirable that it should be acted upon intelltgibJyi
Now, if I understand the amendment offered by
the Senator from Connecticut, and that portion ot
his remarks I have been able to hear, ft seems to
me that, in reference to the-subjectof foreign post-
age, it is an entirely new bill, regulating the whole
subject-matter of foreign postage as applied to let-
ters, newspapers, periodicals, and everything of
that description; and likewise as affecting the
question of franking, this amendment is a most
important one. It has just been offered, and I am
perfectly satisfied that Senators have not been able
to give it a satisfactory examination; and, for one,
I would much prefer that the bill and amendments
offered by the Senator from Connecticut should be
laid upon the table and printed by the Senate for
the use of its members. I would move, therefore,
that the bill and amendments be laid upon the table
and printed.
Mr. NILES. I hope the Senator from New
Jersey will withdraw his motion to lay on the table
for a moment.
Mr. DAYTON withdrew his motion.
Mr. NILES was understood to say that he
thought Senators had had time to consider the
whole subject. He thought that if Senators had
paid a little attention to the amendment when it
was read, and to his subsequent explanation of it,
they would have been able to understand the sub- .
ject very well; but he -presumed that, on account
of the noise which prevailed in the Chamber* some
Senators had not been able to hear the amendment
and his remarks upon it very distinctly. He did
not know when they would have a more favorable
opportunity to consider the subject than the present.
The whole matter had been before the country for
some time, and the hill with the original amend-
ments had been printed in all the newspapers, and
he presumed they had been read and discussed by*
Senators and the people generally. The amend-
ment which he had just offered was one which he
presumed would not attract much attention here,
although one of very great use to the country. The
original amendments proposed by the committee
had been printed, but the amendment which he
had just presented did not come from the commit-
tee, and he did not propose to have it printed at all.
Ho did not wish to embarrass the committee, and
he thought it his duty to offer the amendment in
the Senate in order that they might decide upon it
as "they might deem best.
In regard to the section that had just been read,
juid upon which he had made a few remarks, he
would say, that although it had been considerably
altered from that reported fr^i the committee, it
was much the same thing in^PRstance as the cor-
responding section that had been printed. The
alterations which had been made had been ren-
dered necessary by the late treaty in regard to
postal arrangements which have been entered into
between this country and Great Britain. In the
section reported by the committee, he would re-
maik, the foreign postage had been stated" at
twenty-one cents. That was the sea postage, and
it left the inland postage in this country and other
countries to he regulated by the 1-uvs hero and the
laws there. But an arrangement hnvin^heen made
between this country and Great P>ntain in relation
to the inland as well as the sea pos^.ge upon lefters
pas^ng between the two counincs, it had been
thought best that all foreign postage rates^hould
be made uniform, and in consequence the amend-
ment to establish the uniform rate of twenty-one
cents upon all letters sent to or u-Lelved from for-
eign countries had been proposed.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I would inquire of the Chair
whether the amendments that were reported bv
the Post Office Committee last week have been
adopted?
PRESIDING OFFICER. These amendment*
have not been adopted. The question of their
adoption is now pending, and also upon the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Connecticut.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I will give notice, then,
that if the bill is laid over, I purpose to offer an
amendment to one of the amendments of the Post
Office Committee, reported on page third, line
third, of that amendment; and in otder to advise
the SeWfitor from Connecticut of the character of
the amendment I purpose to offer, 1 will read it.
At the last session of Congress, a hill containing
the same principle was before the Senate, and at
that time the same objection was made against th^
