1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277'
would be in £\vor of taking it away from the
members of both Houses of Congress. There
may be a propriety m then* receiving communica-
tions free, hut none whatever in sending -them,
Mr. UNDERWOOD, i will state, for the in-
formation of the Senator from Mississippi—for I
agree with him entirely in what he has said—that
it is my intention, if this amendment shoald pre-
vail—indeed, whether it prevail or not—to move
to amend the bill in another place in such a way
as will meet his view. I think it is prematuie
now to bring that subject before the Senate. At
present my object is to see whether the Senate
will put the judges of the Supreme Court upon the
same footing with the executive officers of the
Government. That is the solitary question that
is now presented.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the Senator
the propriety of making the restriction at once.
He knows it is easy to avoid conferring a privi-
lege, but exceedingly difficult to reclaim it when
once conferred.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is a very little matter,
however, in this particular instance; audi would
rather it should stand by itself. We ought not to
sell justice. The restriction in reference to the
judges would make the suitor pay a little, to be
sure, in the way of postage, but I wish to take the
sense of the Senate simply upon the point as to
placing the judiciary in this respect upon the same
footing as the officers of the executive departments
of the Government.
Mr. MILLER. I merely wish to inquire whether
the amendment which has just been moved by the
Senator from Connnecticut, is an amendment pro-
ceeding from the committee.
Mr. NILES. It is not. N
Mr. MILLER. Then I would hope, inasmuch
as this amendment does not come from the com-
mittee, and as it is likely to bring up an exciting
question as to the franking privilege, that the Sen-
ator would waive it and leave the bill with amend-
ments as they came from the committee to be first
acted upon. At present we have amendments
which were offered by the committee lying upon
the table, and which have been since amended by
the Senate. I desire to see these amendments as
amended printed, in order that they may be exam-
ined and clearly undeistood. I hope the Senator
from Connecticut will withdraw his amendmentfor
the present, and allow the bill to be printed.
JVlr. ALLEN, I only rise to say that I shall
oppose the conferring of the privilege of sending
matter through the mail free of postage upon the
judges of the Supreme Court of the United States.
The principle of the proposition is ihis: to make
the Government of the United States to that extent
bear the expense of private litigation. The reason
why the franking privilege has been conferred
upon the officers of the Government is, because
the communication between the citizen and the
Government relates to matters pending between
the two. But the matter pending before the Su-
preme Court of the United States is not between
the court and the litigant, but between two liti-
gants, the court being the mere intermediate or
mediatorial power between them, in relation to a
private transaction that is submitttd to a public
tribunal. The connection between the people of*
the United States and Congress, or between the
people and the heads of deportments, is direct, and
the business is business which concerns the two;
it is public business, the other is private business.
I say then, sir, the proposition involves the prin-
ciple of making this Government to that extent,
small as it may be, pay the expenses of private
litigation in the Supreme Court. What is the sub-
ject-matter of those communications which pass
between that tribunal and piivate citizens? The
records forwarded up to that court are records
written by attorneys for their clients, and the an-
swers written by the court, if the court ever an-
swers letters on business of that description at
all—a thing that I was not aware of before—to
send the papers back, as my friend suggests, where
an injunction is allowed, or to send the record
back when the allowance of the injunction is writ-
ten upon it. Weil, all this relates to private busi-
ness; it is a matter of private concern altogether.
In regard to the propriety of continuing the
franking privilege to membeis of Congress, I have
been heaid on that subject before. My mind is
unchanged. I take ground in favor of it, and have
always maintained it as a great popular privilege,
and the only one under this Government that is
extended to the masses of the people. AU other
privileges are confined to small bodies of men. The
franking privilege, which I maintain is not the
privilege of the member, but the privilege of the
people, is a privilege extendingto the whole mass,
including the rich and the poor, the great and the
small—a privilege which imposes an immense labor
upon members of Congress—a privilege which
^niembecs themselves would undoubtedly be ex-
tremely glad to get rid of, if they could do so with-
out giving umbrage to their constituents, who have
so long enjoyed the benefit of the privilege, and are
therefore unwilling to be deprived of it. This is
not so in regard to the Supreme Court. That
court has, unfortunately, too little association with
or dependence on the people of the United States.
In fact, it has no connection with them at all—
none whatever. 1 repeat, sir, that the litigations
m that court are* the litigations of private men
about private rights, the court being nothing but a
mediatorial power between private men. We are
not, then, to pay the expenses of private litigation.
You might with the same propriety ask us to print
the records and die briefs of the lawyers in all lit-
igations that are decided in the Capitol of the Uni-
ted States, because we print the reports of the
Secretary of State and the other heads of depait-
ments. The analogy does not hold. The one is
public, and the other is private business committed
to a public tribunal.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. As the gentleman from
Ohio has thought proper to make, a long speech
upon the amendment offered by me, I feel called
upon to pay some attention to it. His objection
to the proposition which I make is, that the busi-
ness to which it i elates is altogether private. Now,
sir, it is only half so. Is it not public business
that the ]udge is required to attend to? Is not the
granting of an injunction, the ordering a writ of
error, or the making of any other oider pertaining
to his official station public business? Undoubt-
edly so, so far as he is concerned. Then, sir,
whose pocket ls'taxed in the discharge of this* pub-
lic business? It is the judge's, if a record be
sent to him, and the postage is not prepaid, it
must either remain in the post office, or the post-
age must be paid out of his own pocket. That is
all, sir. That is the tax which, according to the
present practice, you are imposing upon the judi-
ciary department. Why not exempt the judiciary
as well as the executive departments from the bur-
den? That is the simple question. Well, now,
will the gentleman from Ohio be so good as to ex-
amine his own principle. An executive officer
puts out an advertisement for contracts to supply
the navy with provisions. The Post Office De-
partment puts out advertisements for contracts all
over the country for carrying the mails. A wants
to supply provisions for the navy, or articles such
as are required. B desires to contract for carrying
the mail, or to perform any oilier service. 1 ask
the Senator from Ohio if he writes a letter to the
department proposing to furnish provisions, or to
do any service, if it is not his private business?
What is the motive for writing the letter? Is it
not for private gain? The man who writes has
provisions to sell, and wants a market. Or he can
supply the service with horses and coaches, and
he is leady to carry the mail for his own piivate
gain, and he wutes a letter to the department on
the subject. Is it not his private mteie&t that he
is subserving by making the communication ? Un-
doubtedly.
You allow the departments, and very properly,
I think, to receive all these communications free
of postage; but what more do you allow? You
allow the departments to write answers to those
letters, and you allow them to send those answers
free of postage. The- gentleman from Ohio has
not the perception to see that there he js subserv-
ing private purposes; but when a judicial officer
is about to have the same privilege conferred upon
him which you grant to the executive officer, the
gentleman is alarmed; and then, m his apprehen-
sion, it becomes altogether a private matter. Sii,
it is no more private in the one case than in the
other. Half of it, so far as the reception is con-
cerned, is public, and it belongs to the public officer
to receive it without a charge. The other half, 1
admit, is for the benefit of private individuals.  
I said to the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Davis,] that if he would allow these officers
to be placed upon the same footing as the execu-
tive officers of the Government, 1 then intended to
offer an amendment which.wouid deprive the whole
of them of any right to frank the communications,
made by them in reply to those received from indi-
viduals, leaving the expense to fall upon the indi-
viduals interested. I intended to come up to the
idea of the gentleman from Ohio, also, if he had
allowed me a little time, and in doing that to relieve
the officers of the Government from the tax imposed
on them by this official business. There was no
necessity, then, as I conceive, for the Senator from ■
Ohio taking an exception, upon the ground that I
was desirous of promoting thfc interests of individ-
ual suitors, and to relieve them from expense. Not
so. I want to relieve no private individual at the
public expense, of any charge of this kind; but I
want to place the judiciary and the executive de-
partments on the same footing as regards their
official business. I hope that I am understood
now; and if I am, the Senator must perceive that
I am desirous, not of relieving any parties from the
necessary expense attending the transaction of their
private business, but of enabling the judges of the
Supreme Court, to exonerate themselves from the
imputation of inattention to their public duties,
when communications which are addressed to them
remain unanswered and unredeemed at the post
office on account of the non-payment of postage.
Mr. FOOTE. I understand the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] to insist that the
members of the Judiciary should be permitted to
receive and transmit letters fiee of postage. For
all the various reasons, so clearly and cogently
stated by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen]—
in every one of which reasons I do most heartily,
concur—I am opposed to the amendment proposed.
As I have some additional objections to the amend-
ment also, I shall proceed to state them. But,
before I do so, 1 will offer a single suggestion, in
reply to one of the remarks of my honotabie
friend from Kentucky, the force of which I can-
, not doubt he will fully appreciate. The Senator
i urges, that if we refuse to adopt his amendment,
j an evil state of things now existing—and the ex-
| istence of which he so deeply deplores—will be
' continued. The judges will receive letters on
official business fiom suitors or attorneys, which
will come to th< ir respective *post offices without
the postage having been paid in advance, and
either the judge wiil have to pay the postage him-
self, or the business concerning which he has been
addressed will remain unattended to, and the judge
be left exposed to unjust crimination. Well, sir,
the answer to all this is, that no man of ordinary
understanding or common honesty will write to a
judicial officer upon his own business without
paying the postage. If he fail to pay the postage
m advance, he will deser^to suffer the conse-
quences. Besides, the honorable Senator seems to
have forgotten for the moment one of the most stri-
king examples which the Justly of the last twelve
months has supplied—an example which 1 know to
have attracted'the attention of the gentleman utthe
time of its occurrence in a very peculiar manner,and
which awakened a little innocent merriment in cer-
tain social circles, provoked sttongsurprise among
certain experienced politicians in this particular
vicinage, and was a subject of interesting specula-
tion for several weeks all over the Union. It is
an example which I do not cite for the purpose of
censure, or even ot ridicule; 1 am inclined to think
that fc^ere was as much about it to admire as to
condemn; and as it seems to have been productive
of no topecial mischief—nay, may in fact have
contributed more or less to a certain great political
result, over which the Senator from Kentucky is
known to have rejoiced as much as any one of the
vast multitude who have been heard to hail Tay-
lor and Fillmore as victors in the late Presidential
contest—I feel authorized to commend it to his
grave and favorable consideration. I allude, of
course, to a certain illustrious Major General of
the American army having been so haiassed. an-
noyed, and utterly weaned out by a great multitude^
of letter-writers, who, in violation of all the laws of
good taste, gentlemanly decorum, and proper social
feeling, so cruelly persecuted him last summer by
writing letters to him, that he at length resolved
to take out no letters fiom the postofiice at nh un-
less the^same came postage paid; from the execu-
tion of which resolve on the part ot that distin-
guished personage I know of no ill effect, or even
inconvenience, having resulted, ^ave thai a knowl-
edge of Ins intention'to become the regular candi-
