278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
date of a great political party, instead of running as j
an independent candidate, was not communicated ;
to the American public quite ao early as it would
have been had an earlier response been, vouch-
safed.
Sir, this is perhaps not exactly the Augustan
age of American literature, but it is assuredly the
age of pohte letters—the age of letter-writing and
letter-receiving with a vengeance. I do not doubt
that iTsore letters are now written in. this country
(and most of them without the least necessity or
propriety, private or public) than were ever known
before in any age of the world to be written or re-
ceived. Every man and every woman, nowadays,
that can scribble words on paper, and fold up non-
sense m the form of an epistle, feels ambitious of
gaining some notoriety in this way. Well, since
the profits of the Post Office Department are en-
hanced by it, perhaps we ought not to complain.
But "yet, take it altogether, 1 consider it, in asocial
and political point of view, a great and growing
evil. The most serious mischief connected with
this state of things, though, I am bound to declate,
arises from the propensity that certain ot our
judges have recently displayed to set themselves
forth as magnates of the epistolary tribe. There
is one judge ot the Supreme Court of the United
States whose proclivity for letter-writing has dis-
played itself, on several late occasions, in a man
ner offensive to every intelligent public-spirited and
patriotic man in the Republic. This personage, for-
getful of the wise precautionary arrangements pro-
vided by our venerated ancestors, in the very frame-
"work of that Constitution which he is sworn to sup-
port, against the interference of judges m political
concerns; forgetful or unpardonably regardless of
the noble example of a Marshall, a Story, and oilier
illustrious political functionaries in the earlier, and I
fear better days of the Republic; oblivious of the
significant and impressing fact that the ancients
caused Justice to he painted blind, or rather with
bandaged eyes, in order to suggest to such as
might becalled to officiate in hersanctuary the high,
the indispensable duty of keeping their minus ex-
empt at all times from passion or prejudice, from
fear, favor, or affection, iiom all undue sympathy
for suriounding objects, and all regard whatever
to consequences merely personal to themselves,
•which might be calculated to bias their understand-
ings and warp them in their official action;—tins
judge, though affecting a peculiar elevation of heart
and character, which he would have us believe has
lifted him fai* beyond the reach of ail those con-
taminating influences to which other poor mortals
are subject: though he complains loudly of the
gross degeneracy of the age in which he lives,
and pompously announces jus opinion to be that
our people will nevfc be happy and prosperous,
and worthy of true respect and admiration—that
our institutions will never be well and wisely and
successfully maintained and admimsteied, until
what he is pleased to call moral influence can be
brought to bear upon the Government; who dares
to denounce the selected candidates of the great
political parties of the country as mere prize fight-
ers—he, even he, has on several giave occasions
lately asserted his claim to recognition as the most
indecent, offensive, malignant, factions, unpatri-
otic, and cbntemptiblc of all the letter-writers,
•whose multitude and fiend-hke qualities alike jus-
tify me in saying that u thrir name it Legion.*'
The first epistle general of the ermmed -scribe
which i shall notice is the one to which I called
the attention of the Senate last summer, in which
he took it upon himself to lecture the two Houses of
Congress upon their duties; m which he presumed,
in tike midst of a pending war between his own
country and a foreign nation, (a war eminently
just and necessary in itsinception; wisely, valiant-
ly, and gloriously conducted; and eventuating—in
spite of domestic treachery never to be forgotten
or forgiven—in the complete vindication of the
national honor, and in the acquisition ofatemtoiy
so valuable as to attract m our hands the admira-
tion and envy of ail nations of the eaith,) to urge
upon Congress that no more pecuniary supplies
should be voied for the maintenance of this war, m
order that the Government might be forced, for
want of the sinews of war, to withdraw our victo-
rious armies from the enemy's country in disgrace,
without having achieved any of the objects whose
attainment was necessary to our honor and happi-
ness as an independent nation.
The next letter of tins judicial personage which
I shall notice, and the only remaining one which i ,
care about noticing at present, is one in which he
committed the moat grievous sin of which a judge :
can be guilty; in which he undertook to adjudicate ;
a question before it had been yet submitted to him
for decision, and which he well knew was more :
than likely to be presented for decision in thecourt |
where he sits, with others, for the discharge of ;
high judicial duties. Sir, this is a most aggra- j
vaied and disgusting case of official misconduct,^
without precedent or parallel—\\'ithout excuse or ;
palliation; an outrage upon all the laws of judicial '
decency; a disgrace to the ermine; a sin and a shame
before God and man.
A grave, momentous, «and perplexed question 1
had engaged the attention of both Houses of Con- ,
gress for months. Tins question had excited the
whole country to an extent which made all true- ,
hearted patriots tremble with solicitude, and the
enemies of our institutions to gladden and exult ,
over their anticipated overihioss'. This question ;
had anayed opposite sections of this Union against '
each other—friend against friend, brother against
brother. Expedient after expedient had been tried ;
rneasuie upon measure had been proposed, which '
it Wets hoped might calm the popular mind and j
avert the thieatcned consequences; but all in vain. |
The sky was still black over our heads; the red ;
lightning was already flashing fn our faces; the :
wild waves of a tempestuous ocean were raging ,
around us, and the ship ot State seemed about to |
be dashed to nieces amidst the breakers with which j
;i she was visibly almost m contact. At the awiul 1
,l moment of alarm—of peul, almost of despa.r— .
;• wise menof'ali parties, discarding sectional preju- ,
'' dice, throwing aside all parly bias, forgetful of all .
,' things but then duty as patriots, got together, com- .
1; muned with each other calmly, patiently, seriously, ;
;j persevetingiy, and patnoticaliy, and succeeded in ,
framing the compiomise bill or the last session,
; known generally in connt-cion with the name of the
11 Senator from Delaware, [Air. Clayton.J Tins
!j bill [.imposed to submit the question m dispute to 1
\\ the Supieme Couit of the United' States lor final
's adjudication. It passed the Senate, it was uefeatod
!' in the House, but if was yet before the country.
It was universally expected to be brought forward
ij anew at another session of Congress, it was 1
jj hoped that alter the Piesidential election was ovei, i
j; it might yet become a law, and that under it, and •
j: m accoidance with its piowsiuns, this perilous 1
j| question might be settled. Under such cncum- 1
jj stances?, it was, pieciseiy, that Air. Justice McLean
!| thought proper to issue his letter—written urtdeni- .
i ably for publication in the newspapers—m which ,
:i hedeclared his opinion in favor ot the North against i
• ' the South; in favor of the section of the Onion j
!' wheie he lessdes, and against the opposite section; i
'j thus unfitting himself wholly to sit hereafter for
' the adjudication of tho matter m contiovei'ty, and,
!■ as fai as he could do so, extinguishing all hope of
,! adjustment, such as had been sanguinely antici-
, pated, by the Supreme Court of the "Union, of
i which court he is unfoitunatevy one of thejudges.
Now, sir, 1 could easily recite other oiiences of
. a similar kind w Inch have been perpetrated by this
1 personage; but it is unnecessaiy. i have shown,
i think even to the satisfaction of the gentleman
; from Kentucky, that one of the judges of the Su-
j preme Court is unworthy to enjoy the franking
I -prUitege. "I think that the Senator iioni Kentucky
j himself will hardly deem it wise to afford additional
facilities to this particular juoge tor the dissenuna-
tion ot his factious views. Even the Senator from
; Kentucky wiil scarcely contend that it will be
, quite sale and politic to whet up anew this cacoethes
• ' scribtndi With which the learned personage m ques-
j[ tion is so unfoitunately cursed, and thus to some
!j extent also making ourselves responsible for the
,! mischief which he may hei eafter engender.
j I will conclude by declaring my firm belief to be,
1; that the conduct of Justice McLean, as a political
|' lettet-writer, is unworthy of the bench, discredit-
jj able to the country, and wholly indefensible; and 1
|! venture to predict that not one of all the learned
n Senatois here cbnvened—not one of all these dis-
|! tinguished jurists by whom 1 see myself suriound-
i ed, will evince so little seif-resptct as even to utter
ji a single word in his vindication.
I; Mr. UNDERWOOD. For fear the Senate may
j > have fallen inCb the same error that my fnend from ■
•1 Mississippi has, I beg to say that my proposition
ji does not authorize any ot tnejudges to frank any
-I of their own private correspondence; or to receive <.
1 any such free of postage. I am stire so areata
mistake was never befoie committed by any Sen-
ator. i have already endeavored to explain, and I
ti ust f have made myself understood. The who'e
bill goes upon the idea of cheapening correspond-
; ence, und thereby encouragfng and increasing the
| very thing which the Senator seems to be so much
I at war <vith. it is the very thing the bill proposes*
I and, although you should refuse them theri-dit to
; have their official correspondence free, yet they
! will be included in the benefits of the general pro-
| visions of the bill. To be serious in regard to the
! matter, however, I regret that the Senator from
Mississippi has deemed it a proper occasion to intra-
! duce matter which perhaps has a personal l>ekirin<*
! upon the gentleman to whom he has referred. |
| simply submitted the question whether the judi-
; ciary, m reference to communications of an official
] character, should be put upon the hame footing
: with the executive departments, in lefeiencelo
, official communications to them. lean see no
1 diiieience or distinction that can with propriety be
1 made; and, as i had notified the Senate over and
| over again that i should afterwards proposesuch
i an amendment as would except private correspond-
| ence, and make the'burden fall upon the individuals,
; it does seem to me there is no necessity for pro-
i longing the argument. I hope the question will
| now be taken upon the amendment i have offered;
i and if it prevail, or whether it prevails or not, I
| will move the amendment of which I have given
| notice.
; Mr. FOOTE. Well, it is just as I anticipated
i just as i piedicted. A judge of the Supreme Couii
, has been assailed with charges the most seiious;
: Ins conduct has been denounced in language whose
| meaning could not he misunderstood; if as crim-
' ma! as he is charged with being, he is unworthy
1 to picside in the most obscure court of inferior
' juiisdiction to be found m the whole republic; and
I yet no Senator heie has been found willing to com-
ptomit his own dignity by uttering a single sylla-
ble ui his defence. This is an extraordinary case
■ indeed; one 1 should suppose of rare occurrenceanv-
where, and which certainly should aiinontNh ihat
functional)-, that conduct so mei itoi iously con-
demned, cannot be otherwise than censurable; and
i hope that neither his well known self-esteem nor
any other cause may prevent his making speedy
. atonement to hts countrymen for the senous
■ offences which he has committed. He owes to
the country a solemn apology for the violation of
i public decency which he has committed; the dig-
nity of our institutions demand fiom him that he
go speedily tlnough some solemn and appropriate
form of publicexpiation; and with repentantsoul he
should solemnly ask pardon of his oJiended fellow-
citizens for the deep dishonor which he has brought
upon our noble institutions. I wish to be under-
stood as by no means objecting to the othei mem-
bers of the Supreme Couit becoming possessed of
the franking privilege, provided Justice AicLean
i can be made the subject of a special exception; at
, least I should be unwilling to permit him to possess
that high privilege until i have satisfactory evi-
dence of his conumon and refoimation.
Mr. DICKINSON. Air. President, I cannot
consent to vote for an amendment of this kind,
"which proposes to give the franking privilege,
either to send or receive communications, to the
justices of the Sunieme Couit, and thereby throw
on the department a tax such as it has* scarcely
, ever had before. I do not undertake to say that
it will amount to as much as the franking puvilegc
given to Congress, but gentlemen who know any-
thing of the pidcticc of lawyers in the western
Stales well know that its amount will be consider-
able. It js a proposition, therefore, of which I
cannot approve. It is a proposition which will
remove no hardship fiom the lawyeis, nor afford
any relief to the judges, unless it were extended
to their private correspondence, while it will im-
pose an oneious tax on the Government. I cannot,
therefore, see any necessity for its adoption, i
should really like to know what lawyer, who
knows his business, would send papers to judges
without paying the postage. If any should, sir,
i expect the judges of the Supreme Court would
do what judges m some of the States do—refuse
to reecne documents on which the postage is not
paid. It will be no privilege, then, given to the
judge if we adopt this amendment, for the papers
sem to him by lawyers are piepaid by the person
sending them, and the amount paid is an item ia
