1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281-
# one hundred and two years of age. And the
House would therefore perceive, that unless speedy
relief was given, according to th#Iaws of nature,
it wo'uld be too late. The only difficulty m the
> case, as he learned, before the Commissioner of
Pensions, was, that the marriage was not satisfac-
torily proved. But at this late day it would be
almost impossible to obtain in any similar case
testimony more conclusive on this point than is
here presented. He hoped the House would pass
, the bill.
The bill having been then ordered to a third
' reading, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE, from the Com-
mittee onRevolutionary Pensions, made adverse
reportWpon the petitions of Henry Bullman and
John Booystrom, and of the citizens of Essex
county, in the State of Massachusetts, praying for
the benefits of the pension laws; which were laid
upon the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CUMMINS, fiom the same committee,
made adveise reports upon the petitions of Mary
Woods, widow of Hugh Woods, and Margaret
Kerr; which were laid upon the table and ordered
to be printed.
On motion of Mr. CUMMINS, it was
Ordeied, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be ditehaigad from the further confederation of the petition
ol'tiie heirs of Lieutenant Daniel Starr; and that it be referred
to the Committee 011 Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. FULTON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee 011 Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the further consideration 01 the petitions of
Samuel Coopei, Joseph Williams, jr., Joseph Fariar, Lo-
renzo Poelzdi, and John English; and that they be laid upon
the table. ,
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the petition of
Charles Wilson, accompanied by a bill (No. 724)
for his relief; which was read twice, and ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time. The bill
being engrossed, was read a third time and passed,
and sent to the Senate for their concurrence.
Mr. WILEY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made a report upon the petition of B.
0. Payne, accompanied by a bill (No. 725) for his
relief; which bill was read twice and committed to
a Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and the bill and report
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILEY subsequently moved to reconsider
the vote whereby the said bill was referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, so that it might
now be put upon its passage.
He remarked that this case was a very merito-
rious one, and that the committee were of opinion
that the petitioner was entitled to immediate relief.
It appeared that he had lost the thumb from the
right hand, and the middle finger of the right hand,
and that the left fore-ami had been so shattered as
to render it entirely useless^ He presumed there
would be no objection, and hoped the bill might
now be permitted to pass.
Mr. PJETT1T wanted to know what grade of
officer it was that was described as an " ordnance
officer or agent of the Government," (the terms
used m the bill.) He was opposed to the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,.opposed acting
upon the bill out of its regular order, and said it
should be referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, to take its proper place upon the private
calendar.
Mr. WENTWORTH considered the claim
meritorious, and was ready to vote for its passage
now. And he wished to call the attention of in-
dividuals who had claims upon the Government,
and the attention of the country, to the fact, that
there were a class of gentlemen in this House who
uniformly opposed every application that was made
to take up, out of order, a bill for the relief of the
poor soldier or other claimant upon the Govern-
ment, and insisted that they should go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House; and then, when the
* House were regularly upon the private calendat,
Fridays and Saturdays, those same gentlemen
would sit here and object to bill after bill, and
prevent action upon them, and after a short session
break up the House in a " row," for the purpose
of avoiding the expenditure of pitiful sums which
were justly due to individuals, while they sat here
quietly other days in the week and saw thousands
and millions voted away without raising an objec-
tion. He repeated, he called the attention of the
country to this system of defeating action upon
private bills. For himself, he was a friend of the
soldier, ajid he was willing to sit here all day, and
all night too, to do justice in these cases of indi-
vidual claims, and to take them up in their regular
order. But this bill being before the House, he
was ready to vote for it now. He would not, he
dared not, object to it.
Mr. BRODHEAD said, he presumed that this
soldier could receive a pension under existing laws.
He had no doubt the House was much obliged 16
the gentleman from Illinois for the castigation he
had inflicted upon them, and that they would profit
by it. He moved to lay 011 the table the motion
to reconsider.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 70, noes 54.
On motion of Mr. WILEY, the Committee on
Invalid Pensions weie discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of George Cas-
sady and John Forest, foi pensions; and they weie
laid on the table.
Mr. WILLIAM T. LAWRENCfc, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was re-
feired the petitions of Sally R. Johnson and Ta-
bnha Wilder, madeadverse reports thereon; which
were laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. WM. T. LAWRENCE,
leave was granted to the heirs of Dr. Louis Wolf-
ley to withdraw papeis from the tiles of the House,
ret erring to a petition lor a pension.
On motion of Mr. WM. T. LAWRENCE,
the Committee on Invalid Pensions were discharged
from the further consideiation of the petition of
Mrs. C. H. Johnson, widow of Captain Hezekiah
Johnson, late of the United States army, praying
for a pension; the petition was laid on tlie table.
On motion of Mr. WM. T. LAWRENCE, the
Committee on Invalid Pensions were discharged
from the further consideration of the petitions of
Dumel Bringman and Daniel Palmer, each praying
for an increase of pension; and said petitions were
laid upon the table.
Mr. ECKERT, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an adverse report on the petition
of Charles C. Cragill; which was laid on the taule.
On motion of Mr. VliNTON, the Committee of
Ways and Means were disehaiged from the fur-
ther con&ideiauori of the memorial of William
Field, clerk of the United States district couit for
the district of Arkansas, praying remuneration for
services 111 making an abstract ot all bankrupt cases
which had been or were pending before said court,
in compliance with an order from the Secretary of
State of the United States; and said petition was
laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. HUDSON, the Committee
of Ways and Means were discharged from the
further consideration of the resolution of the House
of the 21st of December ultimo, directing said com-
mittee to iriquue into the expediency of reporting
a bill to authorize a committee of Congress to make
an annual examination of all the accounts, vouch-
eis, and warrants paid at the Treasury Depart-
ment; and it was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecti-
cut, the Committee on Claims were discharged
from the further consideration ol the memorials
of David G. Bates, Thomas Jenkins, and Moses ;
Meeker, praying for the refunding tu them the ;
amount ot lents paid the United States for lead |
mined and smelted on certain Indian lands; and
said memorial was laid on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Claims, reported a bill (JNo. 726)
for the relief of Begbie Wiseman, of Glasgow;
Scotland, accompanied by a report m writing;
which was read twice and committed, and, with
the report, ordeied to be printed.
. Also, the bill for the relief of Robert Roberts,
which had been recommitted with instructions
uto indicate the fund out of which" the claim of
said Roberts "shall be paid," with an amendment.
After some explanations, the bill and amendment
were committed.
Mr. HILLiARD, from the select committee,
consisting of the representatives fiom the State of
Alabama, to whom was refened the bill to amend
an act regulating the district couits of the United
States for the State of Alabama, leported the same
back to the House without amendment.
The said bill was then ordered to be engrossed,
and read a third time; and being engrossed, was
accordingly read the third time, and passed, and
sent'to the Senate for concurrence.
COMMITTEE OP THE WHOLE.
Mr. VINTON said, that at this period of the
session, certainly not more than half of the morning
hour should be consumed on a private bill on pub-
lic bill day. He moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HUNT was understood to request Mr.
Vinton to withdraw his motion, (for what purpose
the reporter could not learn.)
In answer to an inquiry as to the order of
business to-morrow, if the House should now go
into committee—
The SPEAKER stated that the business in order
would be the report of the Committee on Printing,
in relation to the report on the harbor of Buffalo.
Mr. MEADE asked Mr! Vjnton to withdraw
his motion.
Mr. VINTON said, if he did so, it was proba*
ble that the entire day would be consumed. The
committee had already spent more than a week,
he believed, on the general appropriation bill, and
had not yet disposed of the first item of it. He
must, therefore, persist in his motion.
And the question was taken thereon, and de-
cided in the affirmative.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
So the House again lesolved itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Smith, of Indiana, in the chair,) and resumed the
l| consideration of the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending the 30th day of
June, 1850.
The pending question was on the amendment
heretofore offered by Mr. Morse (to the amend-
ment of Mr. Embree) adding one dollar on every
twenty miles of travel after the first one hundred
miles.
And the question being taken thereon, the
amendment was rejected.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Embree—
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, moved to amend
it as follows:
That heieafter. instead of mileage, Senators and Repie-
sentames shall leeeivo no more than their actual and neces-
sary traveling «xpvn->es in coming to and letuimny from the
sittings of Confess at each session, and they shall 1)e enti-
tled to receive eight dollais per day for each day's attend-
ance on Congress, computing the time from the day they
leave home until the day fliey return, lespectively: Provided)
That no more than twenty-one days shall be allowed 10 any
one member in coming to, and a like nutnbei in returning
from Congrc-s, unless *-uch member shall actually bo de-
tamed on the road by sickness, in which ease he shall be
entitled to receive eight dollars for each day's actual deten-
tion as afoie>aid.
Mr. BROWN, in explanation, said that he had
offered this amendment in perfect good faith. It
was a proposition carrying out the views which
he had expressed the other day. If this matter
of mileage was to be equalized, this, in his judg-
ment, was the mode by which the object should
be accomplished; let the actual traveling expenses
of the member be paid. And now a word to his
friend from New York, [Mr. Murphy,] who had
made some remarks in reply to him yesterday.
He (Mr. B.) proposed to meet the gentleman on
his own ground.
The gentleman had said that mileage constituted
no pait of the compensation allowed to members-.
If this was so—if it was intended only to defray
the traveling expenses of members, then he (Mr.
B.) proposed to pay those expenses, and nothing
more. He was not willing to pay members by the
nearest post route, because that was impracticable.
Nineteen-twentieths of the nearest post routes
were merely horse mails. Were gentlemen to
be compelled to travel by those routes? Or did
gentlemen wish to see members on mules, trotting
along together to this Capitol? *
A word to his particular and special friend from
New York, [Mr. Greeley.] Members thought
that there was agreat difference between him (Mr.
B.) and the gentleman in relation to mileage. That
was a mistake. There was scarcely any. When
he (Mr. B.) spoke of long mileage, he meant no
harm; and when the gentleman spoke of short
mileage, he did not mean any good. Compare the
two, and they would be found to approach very
close to each other.
What was the amendment which he had offered ?
i It proposed to pay to each member his actual
! traveling expenses to and from the seat of Govern-
