282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17.
merit, and to fine him §8 a day for each day he
was absent; but it limited the time thdt should be
allowed for traveling to twenty-one days going
and returning, unless detained by sickness, in
which event he should receive $8 for each day he
was so detained. The limitation as to the tune
was inserted for the purpose of preventing impo-
sitions, as no more than twenty-one days could
be employed in making the journey. That was
as much time as could be employed. He did not
mean that the iwenty-one days should be paid for
if they were not actually spent, but that the time
paid for should not in any case exceed' that num-
ber of days. If this was not putting members on
an equal footing, he declared that he did not know
what would place them so. It was his candid
opinion that the compensation of members of Con-
gress "was too small. Although he was not a man
of fortune, yet this was a matter of as little con-
sequence to him as to any other rtiember. He
-was able to get alone: with it, as others were. If
the compensation of $8 per day was deemed satis-
factory to other members, he also was satisfied.
The amendment he had proposed would, beyond
all controversy, place members on an equal foot-
ing. He, for one, was willing to vote for it. But
he was not willing to vote in favor of pretended
reforms, or for propositions to be paid by the
nearest post routes, by which imposition could
again be practised, as it had been practised hereto-
fore. He had received his compensation by the
usual traveled route. He was entitled by law to
do so. He believed that the law was just; but if
it was complained that it was unjust, ne would go
for an 'alteration. If other members could get
along for $4 a day, he was sure he could do so.
If gentlemen chose to have membeis serve for
nothing, as in the British House of Commons,
they could no doubtfind men willing to do it, and
even to pay a premium for the pimlege of serving
the public. If they let out the Piesidency to the
lowest bidder, they would find many ready to
accept the office for less than $25,000; and he
thought he could name men who would willingly
pay §300,000 for it.
The hammer fell.
Mr. GllEELEYjrose to inquire whether twenty-
one days would be a sufficient time in alt cases.
Mr. BROWN. A member can come here in
twenty-one day3 from any part of the United
States.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Brown, and the vote stood ayes 42, noes
76.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK now moved to amend the
amendment of Mr. E.mbree, by striking out the
entire proviso, and substituting the amendment he
(Mr. s.) had pieparcd yesterday, i. e. allowing
ten cents a mile for travel by the usual post route,
and $'2,500 a year to each Senator and member of
the House, in lieu of their present per diem.
Mr. SCMKNCK said he thought, from the in-
dications that he had seen, that the committee was
approaching some ground on which all might
meet. He hoped that the proposition he ottered
might serve as a basis of union on this subject
of mileage, so sis to effect a compromise upon
all points of difference. There was a desire to
equalize all 
Mi. ROOT desired to inquire whether the gen-
tleman meant that a member should only be paid
for that pait of the year during which Congress
was in session? If so, in a short session of three
month*, the pay would be but a little over some
six hundred dollars.
Mr. SCHENCK said not. If any gentleman
died, resigned, or should be translated to the ex-
ecutive departments, or otherwise disposed of, lie
should be allowed for the time that he was in office
as a member of^Congi ess, and not lor the year.
The words " at the rate of" might be struck out
if gentlemen pleased.
He was not particularly in favor of the sum of
^,500. -It appeared to him, for the reasons he
had stated yesterday, that this was about a reason-
able sum. But if gentlemen preferred $2,000, let
that amount be fixed. Twenty-five hundred or
two thousand dollars would not be very fur short
of the average pay and compensation as they then
existed. Although he did not think that this
amount would increase the cost to the Govern-
ment, yet other considerations which he suggested
in part yesterday, would, he thought, maace it a
measure of just economy, even if it should in-
crease the amount a little, it would shorten the
sessions, and would be the means of effecting other
reforms which could not be accomplished under
the psesent system. *
The pioposition which had been offered by the
gentleman from Indiana, and which had been sus-
tained by other members, proposing to charge by
the shortest mail ro*ue, made the matter better
than it was before, but did not equalize the pay,
and did not therefore remedy the evil. The prop
osition of the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] approached the object somewhat neaier,
but he (Mr. S.) had objections to that plan. In
the case of sickness, for instance, membeis were
to receive eight dollars a day for every day they
were detained on the road. Members of Con-
gress might be falling sick, and be detained prob-
ably the whole summer; and we might trace them
all along the line of road, like the soldiers of Na-
poleon's army on the march to Moscow.
The hammer fell.
Mi. GREELEY called to order. It was not in
order, he said, to reflect upon members of Con-
gress.
Mr. STROIIM inquired if it was in order to
move an amendment'to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN said not.
The question was then tatfen on the amendment
of Mr. Schf.jjck, and decided in the negative:
ayes 43, noes 76.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LAHM moved to amend the amendment,
by striking out all after the word "provided,"-
and inset ting a provision dispensing wuh the pies-
ent allowance of mileage to members of Congress,
and substituting, m lieu theieof, a compensation of
$10 per day for every day necessarily consumed in
uuvelmg back and forth between their lespeetive
lesidencts and the seat of Government, calculating
the time so consumed upon the neaiest post route,
piovidcd that no member be paid for more than
fifty days' travel.
He remarked, that although Jie had taken no
part in the previous discussions on the subjeit of
mileage, and had offered no amendment Until now,
he had long since been satisfied that the present
law on the subject of mileage was exceedingly
impioper and exceedingly unequal. He thought
that fact had been forcibly demonstrated some
days since by the honorable gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. EmbreEjJ and also conclusively &how n
yesterday by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Mejrpiiy.]
He proposed not to change the per diem com-
pensation, but to dispense with that piovision of
the law which was almost umveisally acknowl-
edged heie to be wrong. His amendment pro-
vided that, in lieu of the mileage now received,
every member should receive $10 for every day
necessarily consumed in traveling to and from the
seat of Government at each session of Corigiess.
Now, let them take, fur example, the case of the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Morse.] The
gentleman had told the House yesterday that it
took inm some twenty-five days to iraiel from his
lesidence to this city; that he now leceivcd $2,OOU
mileage, and the travel cost Inm about ^100. Who
would not admit that that was imprope rand un-
equal? The gentleman would receive, under his
proposition, £250 for each way, or $5U0 for each
session of Congiess; his mileage both ways cost
him &200; and he would save $300 over and above
-his expenses. He would pay the gentleman fiom
Louisiana this amount, and every other gentleman
in the same proportion, for the leason that he
thought those geniiemen who resided at great
distances, who could not hear from or reach their
families ass gentlemen who lived neaiei could, ought
to base some additional compensation. He (Mr.
L.) couid reach his residence m four days from
this city; his mileage was about $40; it cost him
$!^0 or £25; stiil he had a little left over and above
those gentlemen whose residences weie nearer the
seat of Government.
The amendment to the amendment was lost.
Mr. B0WL1N, remarking that he had a propo-
sition which* he thought would satisfy all parties,
moved to amend the amendment as follows:
■Strike out all after the word "provided," and
insert—
Th,it the mileage shall bp hereafter to Senatorsand mem-
beis o! Cotiu'te^ at ttie jsug of t.-n rents per mile upon the
nearest mail ioute ; and tfie diem pay of said Bttaatora
and or Cosier* s* be ,i> follows: For the tijsf
thirty d tv>, ei«ht collar per day: (or the M-eond Unify (lav* *
.-even uoil<tr& per day; ro: the rb.rd isjihv days?, &i\ dujjai",?
pec d.t> ; i«H ine lonfiit ih111v da\r-. f}ri'oil<u*> pir (Inv • for
tin- Jiff,i iturly toui dollais p,.j /|.M • for the-uthB iriv
cay-, thice doiiuis pi-r da> ; ior ihe seventh thirty d.ij- two
dolliu* pet da) ; and for ail tune beyond time, one dollar per
day.- Aiid it any member is absent on am day of the se*
bion, he shall forfeit tight doliais lor oveiy dav so ab?erit—1
to be charged by the Seig«-aM-at-arnk<, and settled ir in*
account; and the Clerk shall each day furni-h the Ser« < ant-
at-aimsa list ot the ;U)«eiit<e^ of the jnecedn.g d«t\, undihe
S^rseatoi-ar-aims sliali charge such tin mbei K aecouin with
the fi^lit dollar.-., and seaie it accordingly. Uut if &.uoh
inembrr is absent on a. count of sickness, he mav be re-
lieved from such toifeitnrc upon the atfidawtonns attending
phjsician that he was unable to attend.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. VENABLE moved to amend the amend-
nieSfhei
Congiess should receive his daily compensation
when absent from the House, unless he was de-
tained fiom his seat by sickness.
As a good many of the amendments (he re-
marked) which had been offered did not appear
on their faee to be of a serious character, he would
state that the proposition which he made was a
practical one, intended to remedy flagrant abuse.
During the last session, a number of gentlemen
had been absent fiom the Hall, engaged in elec-
tioneering, in attending their courts, and transact-
mg private business. When thus absent, it was not
just or proper that they should receive their com-
pensation, while other gentlemen were here doino-
tiie public business.
Tins was a grievance which could readily be
coriccted. He wanted this principle, which he
proposed as a remedy, ingrafted upon the legisla-
tion of the country. With regard to the matter of
mileage, he cared very little about that; but it was
cleaily right, that when members of Congress were
absent attending to their private business, prac-
tising law, &c., they ought not to receive their pay
as members of Congiess.
Mr. BOWL1N suggested to the gentleman from
North Carolina, that he modify his amendment,
•by providing further that the Clerk be required to
certify to the JSeigeant-at-arms the absences of mem-
bers, that the deductions might be made from their
accounts.
Mr. VENABL-E accepted the suggestion, and"-
modified his amendment accordingly.
He fuither modified ins amendment, at the sug-
gestion or Mr. McKay, so as to piovide that the
deduction should not be made in case of absence
under order of the House, upon public business, or
wuh the leave of the House.
The question was then taken on Mr. Vexable's
modified amendment to the amendment, and no
quorum voted.
The CHAIRMAN directed the roll to be called;
which having been done—
The committee rose and reported the names of
the absentees to tl\p House. A quorum (186
membeis) having appeared—
The committee resumed its session.
Thequestion was again taken on Mr. Venable's
amendment to the amendment, and it was agreed
to.
, Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, offered the fol-
j lowing amendment:
j Tiie mileage ol Senators and Representatives i«i Congress
shall heieaftci bo computed bj auntct line fio n tiie i< si-
I deuce ol each Seuatot and Repi<j>.t>i t,in\e to Washington
j eity; arid the di-iance, in evciyease, &haU bc deteuniried
j by uie topographer ot tne Fo^t Uinec IJep.ut.nent, urult-r
\ tiie dnecLion ot the i'o-.tmastei General, and conm.u nested
; to the Vice President of the United St ites and the Speaker
, of the Hmi-e ot Representatives within fifteen uajs after
j the meeting of each Congiess.
j Mr. B. explained. He said he regarded this as
j the next best proposition to that which he had
■ first offered, and which the committee had rejected.
It required that mileage should be computed by a
! direct loute. He was making a serious and eain-
; eat effort to settle this question, and he hoped the
! amendment would be voted on in good faith.
; When he was cut off in his fiist explanation, he
was about to say that he thought membeisof Con-
gress and other public officers should be allowed
the highest compensation which was consistent
with the public interests. He did not think that
public offices should be farmed out. A seat upon
this floor might be sold foi $500, instead of men
rccctving pay to fill them. JJut all the offices, ex-
ecutive, legislative, or judicial, he thought, should
be filled with reference to the best talents and the
highest qualifications; and the mode of accom-
plishing that object was not by reducing the sala-
