1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fgf
ries. He referred to the course which had been
pursued in the young Republic of France, where
high rates of compensation were allowed, and
.which the members were not at liberty to refuse.
That nation, in its infancy, had seen with disgust
the demagoging tha't there would be before the
people by those who were willing to offer to serve
them for less. He referred, also, to the only case
he had ever known of an attempt to bid for ail
office. It was the case of a member of the Legis-
. lauire of his State, who offered himself as a can-
didate for the office of police justice. The com-
pensation was $4 per day, but he said he would
serve for nothing. He got only a very few votes,
because an intelligent people spurned his offer.
An intelligent people, and especially a republican
people, were always ready to compensate nien
according to their services, because they perceived
that they could thus direct towards these offices
the aspirations of the best and ablest men in the
country.
The hammer fell.
Mr. VINTON said, he would move to strikeout
from the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] the words ** by a direct
line."
The CHARMAN said, the amendment was not
now*in order.
Thequestion was then taken, and the amendment
of Mr. Brown was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK said, that to make another test,
he would move the amendment he had heretofore
offered, and would'fix the compensation at ^2,000.
He would ask the Clerk to read his amendment m
that shape.
And the amendment (the same as heretofore
given with the modification of the sum) having
been again read —
Mr. SCHENCK said, he apprehended that the
committee was quite tiied of this subject of mile-
.age; but he was determined, if possible, to ascer-
tain whether there was sincerity on the part of the
majority of the membeis of the committee m the
desire they had expressed to equalize the pay of
members.
Mr. EMBREE rose to a point of Older. He
submitted that the gentleman had ottered the same
amendment two or three times over, proposing
various amounts of compensation*, but they weie
all the same proposition.
Mr. SCHENCK apprehended, lie said, that
there was a substantial utiference between twenty-
five hundred dollars and two thousand. If so, the
amendment was different. He thought the gentle-
man would himself appreciate the distinction.
'Mr. liUMSEY suggested that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sciienck] should offer an amend-
ment in blank, so as to let the committee insert
any sum they might think pioper.
iVjr. SCHENCK said that that was prcciscly
what he had wished io do yesterday. He did not
then fill up the sum, but left it to the discretion of
a majority of the committee. The committee,
however, rejected the proposition. He could not
now offer it in that shape. For his own part, he
was not particular as to the sum. His object, as
he had stated, was to ascertain the sincerity, feel-
ing hmjself sincere, of the majority of the com-
mittee, or of the whole of the members, m respect
to the equalization of the pay.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Embree] had
offered an amendment. His (Mr. S.'s) proposition
was intended as a substitute for that. If that gen-
tleman's amendmcntshould beadopted, he (Mr. S.)
wished'it understood by the people, and especially
* by the people of Indiana, that it did not equalize
the pay. it was good so far as it went, but, he
repeated, it did not equalize the pay.
if two thousand dollars were adopted as the
aggregate compensation of all the members of Con-
gte&s, it would not be as much as it was now.
Two thousand dollars, he found, was a little less
than the average compensation now received.
The great difficulty which he apprehended to
exist in regard to his amendment arose from the
fear that a would not be popular. And, in this
connection, he referred to a proposition of a simi-
lar character which had been introduced many
yeais ago, and to the failure in the reelection of
many of those who voted for it. For his own
part, he was confident in the opinion that if this
matter was faiily explained to the people, we
might calculate on their good sense to sustain it.
There was a much more complete understanding
and intercourse maintained between the people
and their Representatives than there was thirty
years ago, by means of public newspapers and
otherwise.
The hammer fell.
Mr. VINTON said that the amendment of his
colleague [Mr. Schenck] was a substitute, asvhe
(Mr. V.) understood, for the pending amendment.
Was it in order for him to move to amend the
original proposition before the motion was taken
on the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN answered in the affirmative.
Mr. VINTON then moved to strike out from
the original amendment the words "nearest route,"
and insert "usual mail route."
The CHAIRMAN. That motion has been
made.-
Mr. VINTON. Then, for the purpose I have
in view, I move to strikeout "nearest mail route,'"
and iusert " longest."
Mr. MEADE rose to a point of order. He
understood that there was another amendment be-
fore the committee.
The CHAIRMAN said, the proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] was an amend-
ment to the original pioposition. The amendment
of the other gentleman ftom Ohio [Mi. Schenck]
proposed to strike out, and insert a substitute, it
was always m order to perfect a proposition be-
foie taking the question on striking it out.
And the question being on the amendment of
Mr. Vinton—
Mr. VIjNTON said, he need not say that he was
not in favor of his own proposition. But he had
risen for the purpose of maKing an appeal to the
committee, and that was the only object he had in
vie*v in ofleung the amendment.
He had Jong been of opinion that, in the aggre-
gate, the members of this House did not receive
a gieater compensation than they ought to re-
ceive 
Mr. MEADE heie interposed, and appealed
form the decision ot the Chair deciding Mr. Vin-
ton's amendment to be in order.
iVli> VINTON. If "the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal ?
Mr. MEADE said he did.
The CHAIRM AN. The question will then be,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand us the
judgment of the committee?"
Mr. MEADE said he wished to state his point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN said he understood it, and
would again state it to the committee, (which was
accordingly done.) The object of the amendment
of tiie gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] was
to perfect the original proposition, not to striken
out.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the affirmative, without a division.
So u was decided that the decision of the Chair-
man should stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee.
And the amendment of Mr. Vinton being thus
befoie the committee—
Mr. VINTON proceeded with his lernarks. As
he had already stated, (he said,) he had not risen
for the purpose of debating this proposition, but to
implore tiie committee, it possible, to bung this |
debate to an end. He believed that this House i
had Iiist gone into committee on this bill on the j
9th of January. The House had been in com- i
mittee upon n, he believed, live days, and yet the |
first item had not yet been passed upon. !
Without going into any discussion on the ques- ;
tion of mileage, one thing he thought he might, ;
from long expenence here, say, and that was, that j
there was no gentleman here who seriously be- j
lieved that theie was to be any change in the sys- j
tem. That being the case, it appeared to hint, ;
that if gentlemen consulted public economy and
the necessities of the public business, they would j
see that there was every reason to stop this debate
at once, and to proceed to vote. He proposed, !
that upon this item the committee should adopt j
the rule which, until the last session, always had
been adopted after debate had been closed, and
that was, to vote upon propositions that might be
offeied without debate. If gentlemen desned to
offer amendments, let them tio so; and, if desira-
ble, let them be adopted. But he begged to say,
that this matter of mileage was regulated by a law
which had been passed more than thirty years
ago. This bill was not the place for it—certainly,
at all events, the first item Was riot so. If it was
put m here at all, it should be by adding a sec*
tion to the end of the bill, jf this proposition was
put into it, the result in the end would be, that
within-twenty-four or forty-eight hours of the
close of the session, this House would find itself
biought to this point: that on the one hand, it
must recede from the amendment, or, on the other,
the bill must be lost, and a special session must be
called for the purpose of making the appropriations
necessary for the support of the Government.
This was just the issue to which the matter would
come. That being the case, and looking to the
fact that five days had already been spent upon
the bill and nothing been done, he thought that if
gentlemen wished to bring forward these proposi-
tions, which would amount to nothing, .the debate
upon them should at least be stopped.
Mr. V. then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MEADE moved an amendment striking
out from the original proposition all after the word
" provided," and inserting a provision" that no
member should receive more than fifteeen hundred
dollars mileage for one session, and that no con-
structive mileage should be allowed.
Mr. COLLAMER was understood to suggest to
Mr. Meade to add the words u nor less than five
hundred."
• Mr. MEADE declined so to modify.
-Mr. M. said that it was not necessary to discuss
this amendment, it must be evident to all that it
would diminish the expenses ofCongiess very ma-
terially.
His chief object iri rising was to bring to the no-
tice of the Housea subject to whifcii us attention had
aheady been turned some days ago. Mr. M. then
referred to the article in the "Tnbune," which
had set him down as having received more mileage
than he was entitled to receive. Instead of having
received moie than he was entitled to, he had (he
said) received letes. Instead of charging for one
hundred and fifty miles, ho should have charged
j for one hundied and fifty-three miles. The g'en-
| tleman had put him down at one hundred and foity.
i He (Mr. M.) had lookedat the Post Office Register
j to ascertain the distance, and he found n was one
I hundred and fifty-three miles, according to the
I computation theie. He presumed, however, that
| the gentleman did not intend to do him any in-
! justice.
i The CHAIRMAN interposed and said, the gen-
tleman could not discuss that question. He was
merely entitled to explain his amendment.
Mr. MEADE said he was merely about to ob-
serve that he did not believe that the gentleman
intended to make any misrepresentation in respect
to his, (Mr. M.'s) mileage. He had no doubt that
the old track had misled the gentleman. He (Mr.
M.) merely desired to coirect the matter before his
constituents. f
The amendment he now offered was one which
bethought would recommend itself to the favor-
able consideration of members. He believed that
the sum of fifteen hundred dollars was ample for
any gentleman coming trom any distance to the
seat of government. This, m addition to the eight
dollais per day, would be a compensation fair and
adequate to membeis from a distance, especially
when they reflected that, aftera short session, there
was an interval of nine months which gentlemen
could devote to thew profession or business, arid
the returns of which they would add to their pay.
The question on-the amendment of Mr. Meade
was then taken,and decided m the negative.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the motion of Mr. Schenck, to'strike out the pro-
viso from Mr. Emsree^s amendment; and (by
ayes 67, noes 57) it was decided in the affirmative.
So that part ot the amendment <5f Mr. Schenck
was agreed to.
The question recurring on Mr. Sciienck's sub-
stitute amendment to the amendment was taken,
and the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was dechied to be
agreed to.
Mr. GREELEY moved to amend the amend-
ment, by reducing the annual compensation from
$2,000 to #1,500.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
order.
