284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 17,
[The matter was thus settled, by providing that,
in lieu of the mileage arid per diem at present al-
lowed to members of Congress, there should be
allowed ten cents per mile on the usual mail routes
between the respective residences of members of
Congress and the seat of Government, and a com-
pensation of $2,000 per annum.]
The item for purchase of books for the Li-
brary of Congress, $1,000, having been read—
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out the Item.
He remarked, that there was an item above of
$5,000 for books of a general nature, and there
was no necessity of $1,000 more for law books.
If the appropriation were retained, he should move
to add $1 ,000 f|Or agricultural woiks.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHITE moved an amendment, to add,
after the item appropriating for the First Auditor's
office, a proviso that the pay or compensation of
said officer should not exceed the sum of $2,500.
The amendment was rejected.
SECOND AUDITOR'S OFFICE.
The item appropriating for the Second Auditor's
office being under consideration—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved an amend-
ment appropriating for additional clerks in the said
office, at a salary not exceeding $1,000 per annum,
#20,000.
At the last session of Congress (he said) it
would be recollected by the members of this
House, that they had made a provision for an*
additional clerical force in the office of the Second
Auditor. At a subsequent period of that sfession
he had learned, that instead of the number of
clerks in that office having been increased, it had
actually been decreased three; and now the business
of the office was some twelve, fourteen, or fifteen
months behind. There was a preferred class of
claims there—those for the benefit of the widows
of soldiers—and even that class was as far behind
as May, 1848. Undoubtedly, every gentleman
here knew that it was at present almost impossible
to get any business transacted at that office—an
office at which the widows and children and
heirs of those who had been killed in the service
of the country made their applications for back
pay due their fathers, sons, and brothers who had
thus fallen. This small pittance was withheld
from these persons, because Congress refused to
give this office a sufficient clerical force to audit
these claims.
It was a case which every gentleman could see
and appreciate, and he thought gentlemen would
vote to increase this clerical force, if they did not
wish an indefinite postponement of these numerous
but small claims—claims foi whose early adjust
ment and settlement it was their imperious duty
to make provision. The office was now twelve
months in arrears of its business, and witli the
present clerical force, it was running behind even
in its current business.
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the sum to $21,000.
He said he understood that that office partic-
ularly was really getting behind further and fur-
ther every day, and was not even keeping up with
its current business, as had been remarked by the
gentleman from Tennessee. Not one solitary claim
which had been presented to that office during the
present session of Congress had leceived attention
there at all, owing to the fact that it was so far m
arrears in its business. Who were the claimants
who ordinarily came^before that office? As had
been remarked, they were the widows and children
of deceased soldiers, claiming the arrearages which
were due to those who had fallen in the defence
of their country in a foreign land. If regulation
was requisite or justifiable m favor of one class
of people m preference to another, it was in favor
of these very claimants, whose claims were adjusted
in that office.
He trusted that the amendment would be made,
and that the additional clerical force would be
given, in order that these meritorious claims might
receive prompt attention and adjustment. It would
save members of Congress the trouble of answer-
ing numerous letters. He himself' had presented
the claims of his constituents which had remained
there some weeks without being acted upon, and
he had received ietteis inquiring the reason, to
which he had been obliged to reply that they w'ere
not reached on account of the press of business.
A great deal of time was also taken up at the office
in answering these letters.
An appropriation of ^20,000, or even $40,000, if
it was necessary, was a smail consideration when"
compared with the great urgency of the claims
that were now pressing upon that office, and the
manifold and grievous injustice that was done the
claimants by compelling them to wait month after
month for their adjudication.
He trusted the amendment would be adopted.
He supposed the appropriation of $20,000 would
be sufficient, therefore he withdrew his amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. NICOLL (speaking«uponapro/onfiaamend-
ment) said he had no disposition to quarrel with
the general opinion of this House, with regard to
the great delays which occurred m this office, in
the adjudication of meritorious claims; but at the
same time, he wished to inquire, if gentlemen
knew that these delays were owing to the want of
a sufficient number of clerks. He trusted that
before the House took any decided action, they
would make proper inquiry, and see whether there
was not now a sufficient number of cleiks to do
the duties which were required of them. This
proposition (if it were ncccssary) ought to come
from a committee', and not be put into a general
appropriation bill m this loose way. If he mistook
not, Congress had passed a law at the last session
to give a large number of additional clerks to this
office.
[Several Voices. They were temporary, and
are not now continued.]
Gentlemen around him (said Mr. N.) said they
were temporary clerks. He knew not whether
this was the fact, but at any rate, he thought the
House should have the recommendation of a com-
mittee before they made this appropnation. He
deprecated as much as any gentleman could, any
delay of these claims, but he thought the matter
should be properly considered before the House
acted upon it.
Mr. BRODHEAD said he would like to know,
either from the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] or of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Nicoll,] what was the present number of clerks
m the Second Auditor's office?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said he could not
tell how many there were, but he knew the busi-
ness was not done.
Mr. BRODHEAD said he thought there ought
to be a small increase; he would therefore move to
strike out $20,000 and insert $10,000. If there
were ten additional clerks he thought they would
be able to do the business.
He withdrew the amendment at the request of—
Mr. CROZIER, who renewed it, and said he
agreed perfectly with his colleague, [Mr. Jones,]
and the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Haral-
son,] with reference to the fact of the delay of
business in this office. He presumed it was no-
torious to every man in this House, that the busi-
ness of the Second Auditor's office was not done
as expeditiously and promptly as it should be
done. But the question was, what should be the
remedy? When the additional number of clerks
had been given to that office, at the last session,
he had opposed it, not upon the ground that he did
not know that some additional clerks were neces-
sary, but because he wanted an examination, and
that it should be ascertained how many were ne-
cessary; and that this House should have some
guaiantee, if the power was given to this officer to
appoint additional clerks, that they should be
faithful, capable men—capable of transacting the
business.
Now, his opinion was, (and he was sorry to be
obliged to state it,) from his own observation with
reference to the bureau of the Second Auditor, that
the reason why the business of that office was not
transacted was because the head of the bureau was
notoriously incapable of attending to the business,
and because he appointed clei ks who were incompe-
tent to discharge their duties. Now, while the claims
were of a most mentoiious character, and should
be promptly attended to, he presumed it was noto-
rious to gentlemen here that this officer, instead of
attending to them, had been engaged in election-
eering during the last canvass, and in presiding
over political meetings. So far as his observation
went, he must say—and he was glad to have the
opportunity to say to the country—that he believed
this officer totally incapable of tilling the station in
which he was; and that lie did not attend to the i
business of the office. Before he voted, therefore, i
for additional cleiks, he wanted a resolution intro- I
duced inquiring into the subject,'and he had been
waiting tvvo weeks to get in a resolution for this,
purpose".
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, interposed, and in-
quired if the gentleman from Tennessee had ever
seen or known of this officer presiding over a po-
litical meeting in office hours? If he had, let him
state it, and he would go with the gentleman to cut
uf his head.
Mr. CROZIER said he did not consider it
important to make an issue with the gentleman on
this point.
Mr. HARALSON (Mr. Crozier yielding for
explanation) said, a new Administration was about
to come in; and if the present incumbent was an
inefficient officer, he would be ousted; but whoever
came in, and however efficient he might be, he
(Mr. H.) wanted him to have sufficient clerical aid
to bring up these claims.
Mr. CROZIER replied that he did also; and if
it weie shown that this was necessaiy he would
vote it, even if a hundred or a thousand additional
clerks were necessary. But he did not believe it;
he did not believe this was the cause why the
business was not transacted there, therefore he
was opposed to the appropriation.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
amend the amendment by reducing the amount to
$2,000, and subsequently to $200.
He stated, that during the last session of Con-
gress, under the direction of a resolution of the
House, the Committee on Claims had made an
examination into the condition of the Second Au-
ditor's office—an application having been made by
the Second Auditor for an mcieased number of .
clerks, The committee, at that time, had become
satisfied that there should be an increase, and had
accordingly recommended an increase of twenty- «
six clerks. He traced the action of Congress at
the last session upon the subject, resulting (as he
said) in authorizing twenty-two or twenty-three
cleiks additional to the number which had pre-
viously been employed in that bureau. He under-
stood the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to say that the amount reported in this
bill for this office was the amount estimated for by
the department. Under these circumstances, h
appeared to him that there should not be an in-
crease until it was shown to be absolutely neces-
sary. The twenty-two or twenty-three clerks
authorized at the last session (he added) were
provided for in the bill.
The amendment of Mr. Rockwell was rejected.
Mr THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
amend the amendment, by increasing the amount
to $30,000.
He said he believed, with gentlemen who had
spoken, that the business of this office was in
arrears. He knew that a good many claims had
been presented to that office at the last session of
Congress which had not yet been acted on. He
very much regretted this delay; but he desired
to know from the gentleman from Connecticut,
whether those tweniy-three clerks which were
added at the last session of Congress were still
employed in that bureau ?
Mr. ROCKWELL was understood to reply
that he had no doubt they were still employed.
Mr. THOMPSON inquired if they were not
made temporary clerks ? and when the appropri-
ation lun out, if their term of service did not ex-
pire ?
Mr. ROCKWELL replied, that all he could v
say was, that he had understood, from the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, that
all the clerks now employed in the bureau of the
Second Auditor were appropriated for in this bill.
Mr. VINTON (Mr. T. yielding for explanation
on this point) referred the gentleman to the esti-
mates accompanying the bill, and read therefrom,
showing that §21,270 were included in the item
for this office, which provided for twenty-two addi-
tional cleiks employed at the last session.
Mi. THOMPSON said, the number that thus
appeared to be employed seemed to hi«i sufficient;
yet he regretted to say that the business was not
done. He could not, however, vote to increase
the number until he had more light on the subject.
He withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HENLEY renewed it. He said there were
but two questions which needed to be answered
relative to this subject: first, was the force suffi-
cient? and, second, if it were sufficient, was it now
