1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*285
there properly discharging its duties? He believed
the force was not sufficient. Any gentleman could
form an idea of how immense increase there must
have^ been in the business of the office, when he
reflected that from a peace establishment of 6,000
soldiers, our army had been raised to 100,000 sol-
diers in the field: and with this large increase, the
number of clerks in this office had been increased
only by these 22 or 23 clerks. He did not know
what proportion of these soldiers had business
with this office, but he knew the increase of busi-
ness there must be in a much greater ratio than
that of 23 clerks compared with the number pre-
viously employed. So any gentleman could judge
that the clerical force in that office was not sufficient.
At the last session he had voted for an increase
of the tnumber of clerks in this office, because he
wanted all those meritorious persons who had busi-
ness with it, to have their business promptly at-
tended to; and, further, because he did not want
the Democratic party (of which he was an humble
member) responsible for not promptly attending to
the business of the poor soldier. Gentlemen on
the other side of the House were soon coming
into power, and the matter should be disposed of
pretty much as they saw fit, as upon them would
rest the responsibility-of transacting the business.
He was of the opinion, howeveiythat the clerical
force in this office should be increased.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Crozier]
had said that this officer had presided over polit-
ical meetings. He (Mr. H.) thought he had done
so upon one occasion in the night time. But did
that gentleman mean to say that this fact would
disqualify a public officcr for the performance of
his duties? Purely no gentleman would undeitake
to make such a declaration. But, in opposition to
what {he gentleman from Tennessee had said, he
(Mr. H.) believed this officer to be a most faithful,
efficient public officer. lie had shown himself to
be so by the diligence with which he had attended
to his duties. Pie believed that neither the gentle-
man from Tennessee nor any other gentleman
could say, that during office hours, this officer had
not been at his post attending to the discharge of
his duties. He had been as uniformly there as
any other officer, and, in his (Mr. H.'s) opinion,
was an efficient public officer. He should vote
for the additional increase; and he was not sure
that even that would be sufficient. If they did
not make this increase, there would be a general
clamor all over the country.
Mr. VINTON said, that before this question
was acted upon, he would like to inquire of the
gentleman who made the motion, whether this
increase had been recommended by the depart-
ments, or from any other quarter?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said he would an-
swer the gentleman by saying, that he (Mr. J.)
knew of no such recommendation. It was upon
his own knowledge of the state of the business of
the office; and here gentlemen rose 
The CHAIRMAN interposed and said, debate
was not in order.
Mr. JONES said, he merely wished to state a
fact. Gentlemen said that nothing must be appro-
priated without a recommendation; and then,
when a recommendation was made, it was said
that Congress legislated under the dictation o/ Ex-
ecutive officers.
Mr. HENLEY said, he believed that there was
such a recommendation, but for how much, he did
not know. He was himself in favor (he was un-
derstood to say) of an appropriation of $20,000.
Mr. ROOT moved to strike out ^20,000, and
insert §1,000.
He said that if there was any abuse which ought
to be checked, it was the practice which had grown
upof laying hold of thesegeneral appropriation bills
and making them omnibuses for all sorts of truck
which could not be got in by any other mode.
Ever since he had been a member of this body, the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill had been
used as a sort of catch-all for every reform, hum-
bug or real—whether it was a reformation or not.
Every project, no matter what, if it could only be
got into this bill, was bound to go. Any one who
could jsee the effect of these movements, and who
would consider well what the result of them rrfbst
be, ought, he thought, to vote against them as out
of place here. There were many things which as
independent propositions he would be willing to
suppoit, which were out of place here, and against
which, therefore, he must give his vote. -
As to increasing this force, what did this House
know about it? How many members knew any-
thing of the number of clerks that were already
employed? Where did this information come
from? Some gentleman had stated that he had
made application for some matter, and that the
business had not been attended to in time, there-
fore this appropriation was to be made. Let
everything be" put into this bill that was proper,
and let everything that was wrong be kept out of
it. • Let everything that required legislation as an
independent subject be kept out of this bill. It
had no right there.
Mr. R. then Withdrew his motion.
And the question recurring on the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, it was taken
and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was rejected. .
Mr. LAHM moved that the committee rise.
Mr. VINTON suggested that, now that the
session had advancecTso far, the committee should
not rise until four o'clock; otherwise it would be
impossible to get through the business.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative: ayes 66, noes 76.
So the committee refused to rise,
Mr. HENLEY moved an amendment, making
an appropriation for certain items for the Patent
Office, &c.
Mr. VINTON was understood to suggest, that
the proper place for this appropriation would be
under the " miscellaneous'.' head.
Mr. HENLEY said he thought not.
Mr. VINTON said the part of the bill under
consideration contained appropriations for the
clerks and officers in the different departments.
Mr. HENLEY said it was a mere matter of
taste. He had, however, no objection to waive
his motion for the present.
So the amendment was temporarily withdrawn.
The item for compensation of the Register of
the Treasury being under consideration—
Mr. VINTON, under instructions, he said, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, offered an
amendment increasing the amount so as to pro-
vide for placing a clerk, therein named, on the
footing of a permanent clerk. This officcr (Mr.
V. said) had, he undeistood, been employed in the
Treasury Department for some twelve years, and
had been engaged in the discharge of duties there.
He held in his hand a recommendation from the
head of the department, asking that the clerk might
be put on a permanent footing.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following item being under consideration:
"For compensation of the Commissioner of the Geneial
Land Offiec, and the recorder, draughtsman, assistant
diuughtsman, clerk?, messengers, assistant messenger*, and
packers, in his office, ninety-two thousand seven huniiied
and eighty-eight dollars, and seventy-five cents."
Mr. CUMMINS moved to amend it by striking
out $92,788 75, and inserting $93,288 75, and au-
thorizing the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to advance the salary of one clerk in the
Military Bounty Land room from #1,300 to $1,500,
and one other from $1,000 to $1,300.
Mr. CUMMrNS, in explanation, said that this
recommendation came from the Commissioner of j
the General Land Office, wjho was acquainted with j
all the subdivisions in his office, and their wants, i
with the duties devolving upon each clerk, and the j
manner in which he discharged his duty. The j
Military Bounty Land room had in possession
and custody the tales of all the military bounty
lands in the United States—more land, perhaps,
than any other one room. The titles of these
lands were unsettled; many of them in dispute and
litigation. Daily calls were made upon that room
for exemplifications of patents, copies of old war-
rants, and other necessary information. Its cor-
respondence was very great on the subject of these
old land titles. He (Mr. C.) was credibly in-
formed, that within a few months past, some fif-
teen hundred letters have been written and recorded
in that office. The business of the following old
land districts wa3 mainly transacted in that room:
1. The United States military district for revo-
lutionary bounty lands, a district of fifty miles
square.
2. The Virginia military district of 400,000 of
lands of the war of 1812, embracing 600,000 of
acres; 200,000 of this last district are in Illinois,
200,000 in Missouri, and 200,000 in Arkansas.
Locations were yet being made in some of these
old districts. A' very large proportion of these
lands were located and owned by non-residents.
Large quantities of them had been sold for taxes,
squatted upon, and otherwise encumbered, and
were now and have been in litigation. This made
the duties of that room very considerable in an- #
swering calls and correspondence. Prior to the
Mexican war, this room was not so laborious a
position as some of the other rooms in the Land
Office, and the force employed in it, and the pay of
clerks, were graduated and reduced accordingly.
The labors, responsibilities, and duties connected
with the Mexican bounty lands had, to a large ex-
tent, been necessarily thrown upon the clerks in
that room, and had largely increased the responsi-
bilities and labors of the clerks, and, as the Com-
missioner informed us, had increased the labor nearly
three-fold. Every land warrant issued was sent to
that room—examined, registered, enveloped, and
sent to its owner, accompanied with aletter. When
these warrants were located, they were again re-
turned to that room, and the correctness of the
assignments upon them, and other matters con- m
nected with their location, again examined; and
then the patents were issued, recorded, and sent
off. It was of high importance to the soldier3
that this business should be correctly and promptly
attended to. Thus far it had been so done. Pour
of the clerks in this room have worked in office
hours and out of office hours to keep the business
up. They had done so. They had been faithful,
and I desire to pay them a fair compensation for
theirfidelity and labor, and no more. The labor was
intrinsically worth more 'than the pay they now
get. The clerks in other rooms, no more laborious
or important, if as much so, receive salaries for
: their services as high as those I propose. 1 am
j opposed to high salaries without an equivalent
' returned in services rendered, but in favor of'pay-
ing a fair compensation for important services hon-
estly, faithfully, and promptly rendered. This
j amendment proposed that payment, and no more.
Mr. TOOMBS (on a pro forma, amendment)
briefly opposed this system of increasing the sala-
ries of office-holders. The compensation, he con-
tended, was enough. He had no doubt that five
hundred competent men could be procured in a
week, to fill these very offices, at the compensa-
tion now allowed.
Mr. T. then withdrew his amendment.
On motion of Mr, MORSE, the committee then
rose and reported.
And the House adjourned.
3. The refugee lands. These still are in Ohio
4. The three bounty land districts of the bounty \\ postage.
PETITIONS, ETC. a
The following petitions and memorials were presented
undei the rule, and referred:
By Mr. NJCOLL : The petition of Charles A. Willett*,
Edward Hulter, Washington Davis, William A. Barnett,
William B. Hall, and of 22U others, residents of the city of
New York, asking for reduced and uniform rates of postage,
and for the abolishment of the ftankmg privilege.
By Mr. TAUjMADGE: Thiee seveia! petitions lrom
citizens of New Yoik, tor a reduction of po>tase.
Bv Mr. ATIvlNSuNr: Memorial of Thomas < 'haney, mes-
senger to the Clerk o! the limine, tor extra work a*, a painter
after ihe adjoin nine pi of the 3d s-e-rion of the 2^th Coniire^.
By Mr PALFREY The petition of Pamela Child and 75
others, of Not th Woodstock, Connecticut, prajing Congiess
to prevent the extension of Amwtican Mavery, to withdraw
the protection ol Government from the American slave
trade, and to suppress slaveiy wheirver Congress has com-
petent jiifiMiietion. Also, the petition o! S. VV. Guernsey
and 347 others,oi Clmrle«town, MassachusettsprnyingCon-
gie«s to pi event the extension of American slavery, to
withdraw the protection of Government from ttie American
slave trade, and to supprt>s slavery wheievcr Congiess has
competent jurisdiction
By Mt. STEWART, of Pennsylvania* The petition of
many citizens of Adams county, Pennsylvania, for a reduc-
tion of postage. &c. Also, a petition from publishers of
periodicals, on the subject of postage. Also, the petition ot
citizens of Pennsylvania, m favor of the construction by
the United States of a national railroad from the Missomi
river to the PaeifW Ocean.
Bv Mr. JENKINS: The petition of inhabitants ot Oneida
cour.tv, New York, for a laiiroad to the Pacific Occan.
By Mr. GREELEY: The petition of R. G. Faidle, and
other citizens of Wayne countv, New York, for a reduction
of congressional mileage. Also, of Isaac F. Boogy and others,
New York, for a leduetion of postage. Also, of E. W.
Gibbs McNeil, and others, of New Yoik, for the same.
By Mi. BEDINGER: The petition of Parsed Assistant
Surgeon Richard McSherry. for compensation lor e.xtia ser-
vices performed by him in Mexico dining the late war.
By Mr. THURSTON: The petition ol J. H. Rouse, and
thirty others, of Wiekford, Rhode Island, for rcducuon of
