280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : The petition of Wash-
ington Denham, a citizen of Tennessee, praying Congn s#
to grant htm a hick pension.
Bv Mr. CLARK, of Maine : The remonstrance of James
B. Kill, n>ni thirty-nine others, citizen** of Darnariscoita,
against a divt-ioii of the Waldobero* collection district.
A~i*o, the petition of J. L. Emerson, and seventeen (fillers,
citizens of Muscle Ridge Plantation, in favor of a new col-
lection district at East Timmaston.
4 , IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 18^, 1849.
Mr. YULEE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Florida, in favor of a mail route from
Tampa to the settlements of Huchapocksassa, Old
Tampa, and Manateo, in Hillsborough county, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULEE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Florida, in favor of a mail route from
Oulusta, Columbia county, to Gray's Inn Ferry,
Duval county, Florida; which were referred to the
Committee on the Post: Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YULER presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Florida, in favor of making compensation
to John Tucker, for services as chaplain to a Flori-
da battalion.
PETITIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, presented a peti-
tion of Martha Cox, widow of a revolutionary
soldier, asking for a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MASON presented a petition from Francis
G^Beatty and Samuel Walker, asking compensa-
tion for mjuiies received at the Treasury buildings
in the year 1842; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition from E. Ba'dwin, praying- for a return of
duties paid by him on a caigo of rum; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. CLAY TON, the papers in the
case of William Morrow, weie withdrawn from
the files.
* REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Finance, reported House bill making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with the Indian tribes, for the year 1850,
without amendment.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petitions of the
registers and receivers of the land offices in Louisi-
ana, Florida, Missouri, and Wisconsin, reported a
bill to compensate the registers and receivers of the
several land offues in the United States; which was
read and oideted to a second reading1.
On motion of Mr. BREEZE, it was ordered that
the communication from the Committee on Public
Lands be printed with the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was refened the petition of G.
W. and P. E. Norton, asking payment of their
claims against the lute Republic of Texas, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
same; which was agreed to.
NAVY REGISTER.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives requesting the return of the joint
"resolution for the purchase of copies of the Gen-
eral Navy Register and Laws.
The message having been read—
On motion of Mr. KING, the said joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be returned to the House of
Representatives.
The following bills were received from the House
of Representatives:
An act to amend an act regulating the district
courts of the United Stales in the district of Ala-
bama; which was lead a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Aii act for tne relief of Charles-Wilson; which
was read a first and second tune, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
An act for the udief of Salsey Darby, of Ran-
dolph county, Georgia; which was read a first and
second time, and refeired to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the communica-
tion rcceued yesterday fiotu the Second Comp-
troller and Second Auditor of the Treasury, in re-
lation to the amount clue to the Cherokee nation of
Indians, was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
ADVERSE REPORTS CONCURRED IN.
The adverse report of the Committee on Claims^
on the petition of E. B. Calkins and Co. was con-
curred m.
- The adverse report of the Committee on Public
Land's on the petition of Peter Whipmore Knaggs
was concurred in.
The adverse report of the Committee on the
Public Lands on the petition of Peter Godfrey was
concurred in.
The report of the Committee,on Private Land
Claims on the petition of Joshua Hobden, recom-
mending that the case be incorporated in the bill
for the relief of James P. Sexton, was concurred
in.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read:
Resolved, That the Ponmaetfr Genera! report to the
Senate, s\< toon as ptacticabh-*, what contracts ovist between
the Government and mdividtial'5 or companies for the trans-
mission of the mail in Heameis between poitsofthe United
State.- and ports of foreign countues, wln-n Mich contract-*
have been entered into, with whom, at what cost pei an-
num in each ca<e, and the profits per annum in each ca-e
ausmg to the Government on the mail matter thus uans-
rmtted.
Mr. YULEE. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from Ohio whether the resolution will not
require modification in order to accomplish the pur*
pose he has in view. -Many of the contracts to
which the Senator probably refers were made by
the Secretary of the Navy, and the- Postmaster
General may not be able to give the required in-
formation respecting them. ,
Mr. ALLEN. I will amend the resolution by
inserting ''arid the Secietary of the Navy."
The resolution as amended was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution, which was considered and
agreed to:
Reso'ired, That the Committee o«i Private L?fnd Claims be
in-tructed to inquire into the expediency of confirming the
claim oi James A. Scudday, oi the State of Loni-iana, to
two ceitam tracts of land in the s.mi State, of 010 acres
each, described m the documents accompanying this reso-
" lution.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Cameron on the 10th August last, was taken up*
on his motion, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he icquested to com-
municate to the Semite any luloriiiation that may be within
the knowledge ot the department in jeieience to claims
made against tlie Cherokee* who are parties to the treat) of
August l), ItMti, especiailv asiauist that portion of the nation
called Old SeUleis, oi We«-t*'in Cherokee?., for services 01
anv nthei aid and a^Mstance rcndeicd the «.ud Chemkee-,
in the prosecution of then claim, which resulted in the treaty
aherwatd.-.. !f such claims ate b.i^ed on written contracts,
he is requested Io state whether the contracts were made
b\ the duly authorized repieo-erUdtiv"- of the (he)ol;ee<>, in
their iinhon.'t or a^reuuts capacity, for the benefit ot ihose
who are nude leeipieiit* by the tit ,ity in nil moue\s ari-iiig
out ot the settlement of their claim-;. And aUo whethei,
wit'nu the knowledge ot the depattmeut, «uen contiaco
have been tully and taithhilly complied \v!th,as tai as prac-
ticable, by tlie othei partic- named in them. And that he
v\ ill communicate the evrd-ence upon which lie bi>e§ his
opinion, u ith anv paper 111 po-^ession of'the department
>howii £j the extent ot the s-emces rendered, and tins char-
aet"i ot fh'j cl uiris thus ruad« again-t the nioneys which raay
be a\vat'd"d undi-r the treaty of August 6. l<-43.
TERRITORY OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill for the establish-
ment of a Territorial Government in the Teiritory
of Minesota.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. I hope the
gentleman will not insist upon that motion. This
day has been assigned by special order for the
consideration of private bills, many of which have
been upon the calendar awaiting the action of the
Senate ever since the early part of last session.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 will state to the Senator,
that if we proceed with'this bill and it should give
rise to debate, 1 will agree to postpone it.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The consideration
of private bills, m pursuance of the order of the
Senate, is only to be entered upon at one o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I wish to understand this. Will
the Senator, when the hour for the consideration
of private bills arrives, give way and allow his bill
to be postponed?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration o( (lie bid as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the pending question being
upon agreeing to the amendments reported by the
committee.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know that I shall
oppose the bill, but I take occasion to say, what
perhaps may not be properly understood, that
there will be embraced in the Territory of Mine-
sota about twenty thousand square acres of land
that was covered by the ordinance of 1787, and
formed a part of what was commonly called the
Northwest Territory, out of which five States
were to be created: The separation of this tract,
and the formation of an additional State, is, to iny
apprehension, not'only a violation of good faith,
but a violation of the positive provisions of that
ordinance. In saying this, however, I do not
desire to be understood as imputing blame to the
chairman of the committee. This is unfortunately
the state of things,and I do not know that there is
any remedy for it now, at this late day: it oueht
to have been looked to at an earlier period. We
have no longer any control over the matter. I
rose merely to bring the fact to the recollection of
the Senate that there is this large tract that I have
mentioned, which formed a part of that cmhiaced
by the ordinance, that is now proposed to be
included in the new Territory of Minesota.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I would like
to hear the bill read.
The Secretary begnn to read the bill 
Mr. DAVIS. I believe it is not the purpose of
the chairman of the committee to ask for any defi-
nite action upon the bill at this time. I will not
ask that the bill be read if lie will suffer it, after
having been reported to the Senate, to be post-
poned for the present.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no objection that the
bill, if any Senator desire it, should be postponed
until to-morrow. It contains merely the usual
provisions. ^
Mr. DAVIS. It is probable that I shall not op-
pose the passage of the bill. 1 wish, however, that
it should lie over one day.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I desire to make an inquiry
in relation to one fact. There had been some
amendments offered: had they in any respect iela-
tion to the judiciary ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir; they had no relation
to the judiciary.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The bill, as originally re-
ported, Iv would suggest, provided for the organi-
zation of a judiciary for this Territory, which
appeared to me to be entirely unnecessary. I un-
derstand that the population of the Territory does
not exceed seven thousand at the utmost; that
there are not more than twelve hundied voters;
and this population is located all in one section of
; the Territory. It appeared to pie, when the bill
j was presented at the last session, that the judiciary
! proposed to be organized there was unnecessary—
J at least theie was no present necessity for it—and
j! that it would be better to leave it to be provided
for hereafter, when the population shall have con-
i, siderably augmented.
|; Mr. DOUGLAS. The provision in relation to
|] the judiciary, I will state, is precisely the same as
[j that inseited m other territorial bills. There are
!j to be three judges, who are to hold courts in three
I1 districts, the three together forming the superior
!. court of the Territory. The objection which the
11 Senator takes is, I believe, that there is no neces-
l| suy as yet lor three judges. In reply to that, I
jj will state, the population is very much scattered;
and, besides, if there be not a necessity for three
"judges now, there certainly will be in the course
;i, of the summer. I do not know that it will be ob-
>i hgatory on the President to appoint these judges
at once, but I thought it better to make the bill
|i perfect in regard to the judiciary, putting it upon
the same footing as all other Territories.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I will say to the Senator
that when the Territory of Florida was organized
—a Territory containing a much greater area than
that of Minesota, and containing a population of
twenty-five thousand—we were allowed but two
judges; and it was not until after the lapse of two
or three years that we were allowed three judges;
when a necessity manifested itself, Congress grant*
ed'an additional judge. Now, it strikes me that
there is no necessity for three judges for a popula-
tion of six or seven thousand, and in a country, too,
where there is no admiralty jurisdiction, where
no admiralty cases aiise, as was the case in Flori-
da. I certainly think that it will be best to restrict
