THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND .PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY Bl^AIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1849.
Ketv Series No. 39.
be better that this fund should be abstracted from
them altogether, than that such an annual pittance
should be from year to year a continual lure to
idleness. J hold in my hand letters from the Su-
perintendent of Indian Affairs for the State of
Missouri to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
asking him to pay this debt, as it is a just debt,
•and one in which the character of that nation is
involved, and they have no other means of paying
it except the fund secured to them by the treaty of
1831. I wilt read from the seventh article of that
treaty:
a It is agreed that any balance which may remam of the
avails of the lands, aftei sale as aforesaid. *-h:dl eon-mute a
fund for the future necessities of said tube, panics to tins
compact, of which the Unit-d States. to pav to the
chiefs, foi the u-e and benefit of then people, annually, five
* ~j*er conttnn, on account oi said balance, as an annuity. Said
fund to be continued dunriy; the pieasuiu of Con$res<, until
the < hief< of the said tribe oi hand, hy and w ith the consent
of their people, m gi-neial council a^-embled. should demise
that tlh; fluid thus to herrcatf d should dissolved and paid
over to them; m which ca.-e the President shall cnn^c (he
same to be so pmd, if in hid di-i-rehoii he sh.jl! believe the
happiness and prosperity of said tribe would he promoted
therein. 
Well, sir, they have desired that this fund might
be dissolved, over and (Tver aguin. So far as I
understand this section of the treaty, it depends
upon the discretion of Congress to continue this
annuity until the chiefs shall desire that it may be
dissolved. Then, of course, Congress will cease
to have any discretion, and must pay over to them
the whole fund, according to the terms of the treaty.
But here is the difficulty:
" In which case, the President cau^e thosainc to h"
jso paid, if, in Ins discretion, he '-hall believe the happiness
and prosperity ofsaul tube will be promoted theieby."
These chiefs applied (according to the first memo-
rial, a copy of which has been read by the Secre-
tary) to the Government to have this fund dissolved,
and the Government declined to comply with their
request. Upon what grounds did they decline?
Not upon the ground that it would be impolitic, so
far as the happiness and prosperity of the Indians
themselves were concerned, but upon the ground
that the President could not touch their funds, be-
cause they had been invested in State stocks which
had depreciated in the market, and could not be
sold without a loss. It is upon that ground that
they had been put off.
When the committee came to inquire of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs upon what ground
the payment of these funds had been refused, he
replied " that such was the settled policy of the
• Government on that subject." His last commu-
nication made no allusion whatever to the State
stocks,butsimply placed the question on theground
that it was not sound policy to pay over the funds
thus sccured by treaty to these or any other Indi-
ans. This, as I have stated once or twice before,
was the only question before the committee, and
the one upon which they decided. The'report has
not been read to the Senate, but its reasonings are,
that whatever might be the policy of the Govern-
ment in relation to Indian tribes generally, yet in
the case of this particular tribe, considering then-
advancement m the arts of civilization and their
peculiar situation, and the chiefs themselves having
taken the same view of the subject, it would be far
better to have their fund dissolved than to dole out
to their young men, year after year, this small an-
nual pittance, thereby encouraging them in habits
of idleness and dissipation, to the great injury not
only of themselves and families, but to the injury
of the tribe generally.
The committee decided that it would conduce
more to the interests of the tribe to have the whole
fund given them at once", that they might devote it
to the construction of roads, the building of school-
houses, and to the advancement of the general wel-
fare of the tribe. The committee also decided that
it would be better, in every case where a tribe is
situated as these Shawnees are, to pay over their
funds at once, inasmuch as the doling out of these
small annual pittances furnish inducements to idle-
ness, rather" than act as stimulants to industry.
These funds, small as they are, would furnish
sufficient means to enable the tribes to make many
' beneficial improvements which would conduce
19
greatly to the promotion of their comfort, happi-
ness, and prosperity.
Who are these Shawnees? One of the oldest
tribes that we have any knowledge of in the his-
tory of this country. They were 6riginally located
in Eastern Pennsylvania. They have- contended
with the whites from the shores of the Atlantic to
the far West, where they are now situated. They
have contended with the whites from time to time,
and have only ceded their territory after the most
bloody contests. But having, by long experience,
become aware of the disasters which must ever I
attend their conflicts with the whites, and convinced j
that* pcaee is their best policy, they have submit- j
ted to their destiny. . It is the chiefs of this old i
and renowned tribe that have twice decided, in !
solemn council assembled, that this pittance should !
not be doled out to them, to the demoralization, '
and even utter ruin, of many of their young men. .
These decisions of the chiefs are worthy of much '
consideration, and should he headed by us, tor the :
chiefs that govern in then* councils are men of great ■
experience and sound judgment and discretion.
Mr. DODGE, of !owa, (m his seat.) They aic
honest men, too, and among the most honotahic
men with whom'I have ever been acquainted,
j Mr. BELL. The Senator before me, who lias
| some knowledge of these chiefs, says that they are
I as honorable men as he has ever known. JNow,
I sir, it is the opinion of these chiefs that it would
1 be to the benefit of their tribe to have all these
j'fnnds paid over to them. j
i It is possible that, in the event of the passage.;
! of this bill, the President may veto it. He (the ,
! President) thought that he could not pay over j
| these funds, because the}' are invested in State j
! s^cks which cannot be sold without a loss. '
! Hence it is neccssary to have an act of Congress !
j authorizing their payment. If the act be passed, j
| and the President shall think proper to intciposc '
his veto to stay it, to defeat the will of the people i
in relation to this matter, why I, with all oiheis, ;
must bow in deference. If these old chiefs, sitting ;
in council, and begging the Government from year 1
to year, for nearly a half score of years, fur the ■
payment of this debt, which is a debt of lienor, !
are at last to be refused their just and righteous '
demands, why. then, I say I will bow m deference
to the power that shall so decree.
I will reiterate the opinion that I consider this
claim iust and honest. It had its origiy in a great !
and egregious mistake of a high officer of tins j
Government, in holding out to these young men ,
inducements which could not be realized. ^Aeting !
in accordance with -the expectations which thc^e ■
inducements raised in their minds, these warriors
made large provisions for their families in their j
absence. The traders accordingly supplied their j
families while they were absent. When the war- ;
riors came home they were not able to pay the !
demands of the traders: and why were they not I
able? Because they had not received the amount !
of pay which had been promised to them for their ,
services. The tnoe, with a generosity worthy of 1
imitation, agreed to pny the debt for them; and j
aceoidingly have called upon our Government to '
pay it out of.their funds, which we have under our '
control. It is a just debt, contracted by then-
young men, or at least the greater portion of it was
contracted by them. Can anything, therefore, be i
. more just than this claim ? The chiefs of the tube :
: have agreed that it would be best to have this fund ;
: paid over to them; and the-reasons which they '
' have assigned for such a decision must, it seems '
< to me, be conclusive to every mind; and I will j
! conclude by repeating what I said the Other day, !
: that I know no well-founded objection to paying :
i o\er this whole fund to those to whom it rightfully |
i belongs.
j Mr. BORLAND. As to the argument of the
Senator from Tennessee in favor of the payment
of this claim upon the ground that the debt was
contracted in consequence of the action—the egre-
giously mistaken action even, as he has thought .
proper to call it—of a high public officer, all I have
to say is, if this has been done in consequence of
the action of the Government, let the Government
| of the United States pay the debt, and not take it
! from this trust, this annuity, this fund belonging"
| to" the Shawnee tribe of Indians. He seems to
j conside-, that because the Secretary of War au-
i thorized the employment of these Indians at an
j enormous price, and because these Indians con-
! tracted this large debt with Choteau & Co., the
, debt should be paid, not by the Government, for
i whose benefit it was intended, but by the tribe, for
j whose benefit it was not intended, and in the face
! of the deliberate and positive resolution of the
i council of the tribe that it should not be paid. The
; argument, sir, might be good, if it were to induce
the Government of the United States to pay this
debt to Choteau & Co.; but it can have no fore©
to establish the propriety of making the tribe pay
it, or the propriety on the part of Congivss pass-
ing any hill caning upon and requiring Congress
to pay it.
Of! the subject of the discretion vested in Con-
gress by the treaty of I would call attention
to a shogie v.*o> d in the provisions of that treaty.
1 I staled m my remarks when up before, that this
; discretion on the pert of Conines WcvS limited. It
' was a discretion vented in Con^resr, to use this
I annu'-V Puid. either in payment cf five per cent.
; nnnm>M\-, or the withdrawal of it ^rom tl'at dispo-
sition, and the payment of the wh'-'e in one sum
! to the jndians. That discretion wps limited by
! the terms of the treaty itse'f, in which it is u agreed
! k that any balance, which may remain of the avadtf
' of the hmds, after sale as aforesaid, shall constitute
' a fund for the future necessities of said tribe, par-
* t.es to tiiis compact, on which the United States
' aire* to p to the chiefs, for the use and general
{ benefit of their people, annually five per centum.''
The parties to thi<* compact are thi° TTuhed S;atas
on the one part, and the whole tribe of the Shaw-
nee Indians on the other; and it is agreed to pay
the balanca reniai dng fi'vm the sale of the lands
referred to, so as to err-htltute a fund f r the gen-
er.tl benefit of th«-'ir people. The gei'er^l beiv.it!
TJow, sn-, oi." of the mcun objections to this claim
was, th-H it was n-u for the general benefit of ths
who!e hv-e; \het i: v;?s. diverted from the amount
i due to th< whole tiibe, to pay the debts of these
\ ninety-two mdivhlua's, wh'%, o-n'rnry to the wishes
' and rzq-'Yfs leg/dntue act of the. tribe in general
, council assembled, hrd entered into this contract.
| There is in the very fjrc of the treaty a hmita- ^
! tatam of the exercise of this discretion on the
part of Congress.in relation to the payment of this
fund, and the limitation, in my opinion, amounts
in this care to a prohibition of the payment of this
chum. Mere is the limitation: " For the general
benefit." How for the general benefit? Was it
for the general benefit of the Shawnee tribe that
thrse ninety-two individuals unlisted in the United
States army and went to Florida? It cannot be
supposed that it was, because the tribe had as-
sembl'.d in genera! council and derided that it was
not for their general benefit. If the omrmal act was
not for the general benefit, but, on tne contrary,
against the Ten' rid will of the trioe, it si-1 ely cannot
be curonoed now that the payment of this debt,
contracted by these ninety-two individuals, to an
Indian trader, c-m be for the general benefit of the
tribe. I thin;: the Fhna'or, u\ reeding or in com-
f,n 'be tieety, o<- nmitied a shght error in
regard to one word, which materially affects the
seme a/,d in'-ntion of the treaty. "The said fund
to h^ continued during the pleasure of Congress;"
not(t until" the t<ibe assembled, butl{ wiles'} the
'chief, of s-v.d tribe, by and with the consent of
* their people m general council assembled, should
4 desire that theVhnd thus creatcd should bedis-
i { solved end p-u'd over to them." Now, the ths-
| crrt-on of Congress has nothing to do v/ith the
i will of the trife. It is to be held in trust for the
. payment of annuities during the pleasure of Con-
; gress, without reference to the will of the tribe at
; all, 6:unless" the tr.be, in general Council assem-
' bled, should desire the payment in f'^l. So tnat
1 the discretion of the tribe and the discvetmu of
j Congress have nothing to do with eich o;her.
j But''ho discretion of the Piosidcnt and the dis-
i cretion of tbe tribe are united. And if Congress
