292
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
Jan. 18,
service than John Percival. He is a man who has j
performed meritorious service, anil has maintained Jj
a distinguished reputation as a good sailor. He is !
now advanced in life and is in a state of infirmity, 1
with very moderate means. I have on my table a j
letter, which J received no lodger ago than yester- '
day, from as respectable source as the Chief Jus- !
sice of the Commonwealth o'f Massachusetts, urging j
on me and the Senate the propriety of acting on |
this bill, because of the necessities of Captain Per- I
cival. This money is honestly due to him; -he is j
suffering for want of it; and it will be a gross act :
of injustice to keep it from him. ,
Wow, under what circumstances was it charged I
to him? It is hardly necessary to repeat, that it 1
was by order of the president of the C nited States j
and the Secretary of the Navy that this man was i
put on board of his ship when she was sent, by j
order of the Government, on a cruise on the east j
coast of Africa, into the Indian Ocean, the China
Sea, and around the world. He was put on board
in the character of a naturalist; and he also per- •
formed service as a chaplain, and as- a clerk like- <
wise. Being placed there under'such circumstances,
he received"pay from the purser. When Captain
Percival gave up his accounts to# the department,
fheie was a sum of money due to him; but, extraor-
dinary as it .may seem, they deducted from the
amount due to him sn law the sum paid to this man,
who was put on boaul his ship under such circum-
stances. They took that amount out of his pocket
and put it into the treasury of the United States.
Now, was that dealing fairly by a gallant officer?
He had earned every dollar of the money which he
claimed from the Government, beyond nil dispute;
and was it right that he shonid-be required to pay
this natutalist? if it u us wrong in the President
and Secretary of she Navy to put him on boaid,
why should that vrong he'visitod on the man who
but obeyed the m-dura of his superior officer? Let
the wronjf be xisned on -those by whom it was
committed. Would it have been right in ihis officer
to have set himself up on board that ship against
the President and the Secretary of the Navy, and
sav, I will not receive this individual on board—I
will not permit the purser to pay what is due to
him ? What would have been said of Captain Per-
cival if he had acted thus? Why, he would have
been denounced as no arrogant and presumptuous
man, who assumed that which did not belong to
l>im. He would have been accused of acting m a
manner unbecoming an officer and a gentleman.
Thus, then, the case is very plain. Such are
the fa^ts. They have passed an examination in
the House of Representatives. Captain Percival
is entitled to the nmney on every light principle,
and he stands in great need of it—a fact which I
hope the Senate will lake into consideration. To
keep him longer out of h:s money will be to con-
tinue a monstrous wrong.
Mr. ALLEN. The merits of Captain Percival,
whatever they may be, can confer no a4ditional
power on the Secretary of the Navy, nor do they
impose upon us i>ny obligation to disregaid the
habits, and practices, and laws of this Government.
I know there never has been, probably in the
■whole history of man, an abuse that was not
sanctioned, or seasoned in some way or other, by
meritorious names, it is essential to all abuses
that they should seize on something meritorious,
and then address themselves to the sense of justice
and generosity in men. In the very nature of
abuses it Ts so. No abuse stands out and says, I
am an abuse, and desire to be recognized as an
abuse. 'What are the facts as they are presented
to us in this report? Why., on the 7th day of
March, 1844, Captain Percival made an applica-
tion to the President of the United States to appoint
a naturalist to go out in the Constitution on the.
cruise on whicn she was about to start. 1 he
President replied, 1 have no power to make" such
an appointment, ft then seems that he got some
other permission to taice this person on board. I
suppose a naturalist v/amed to go to China in a
Government snip, and that he applied to Captain
Percival for permission, and Captain Percival ap-
plitd to the President, and perhaps the President
said he might go; but the President never dreamed
. of making him an officer of the United States.
But, to get clear of the difficulty, the President
not having the power to appoint a naturalist, they
have assumed another power, whicfi the law does
not confer, to appoint an additional chaplain or
clerk. By nicknaming this officer, from a natu-
ralist to a chapl&in or a clerk, the law is sought to
be evaded, and we are asked to sanction that evasion, j
solely because of the merits of an officer of the I
navy. . |
| Now, had the Secretary of the Navy authority i
j to create a new chaplain? If so, I he law lixed ;
! his compensation, and he would have been paid.  
i Had he authority to appoint a new clerk? If he
■ had, the officer so appointed would have been paid
i according to law. Why is this bill here? It is
| because there is no law by which he can be paid.
| That is the reason why it comes here. It is be-
1 cause there is money to be paid from the public
treasury, and there is no law to authorize it—the
I payment of which is against law* I hat, sir, is
i the reason why it comes here, and there is no
, other reason. It may fall hard on this individual,
but there must be a rule laid down; otherwise, the
public shins will be borne down with adventurers,
who will depend upon the favor they can make
! with the commanders of our ships or the heads
1 of departments, if Congress sanctions this rase,
; how can they reject the next one that may be pre-
! sented ? And a third case they will sanction with
' still greater facility, and an injurious system will
' grow up that will depend merely on the favor and
| volition of public officers. It is manifest from the
; report that this gentleman applied to Captain Per-
i cival for permission to make a trip; and I have
I no doubt, if the facts could be sifted down, that it
j was a mere application' for a free passage in a
national vessel for this natuialist, he being a man
' of science: and, having obtained that, like every
il other privilege, it is used to perpetrate another
!i abuse. Having obtained a passage fiee, he next
'! seeks to make money out of the tup.
I' Mr. JOHNSON, "of Mrtiyi.md. I rise to say
but a vvoid or two on this bill. The Senator from
!j Ohio supposes that this individual was improperly
appointed. Sir, 1 am not here to vindicate the
p conduct of the President of the United Stales or
the Secretary of the Navy. . But if I understand
ii the facts ns presented by Che report, they aie these:
!| Captain Peicival applied for a naturalist to attend
'! his expedition, and the Piesident of the United
! States gave 1ns sanction, provided it met with the
! approval of the Secietary. The Secretary does
j approve of it, and they appoint this particular per-
1 son to go on boaid that ship. Mow, wrong or
1 right, they doubtless believed that they had au-
I tliority to make the appointment.
1 Mr. ALLEN. Let me say one word to my
friend from Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. ALLEN. The report shows that they
knew they had no authority to make the appoint-
ment, and therefore they nicknamed the officer.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was afterwards. When
the expedition started they supposed that they had
authority, but when the vessel returned, and Cap-
tain Percival was called upon to settle his accounts,
they found that they had no authority by law to
pay a naturalist, and what was paid to this mdi-
pay, even under the order of the Commodore, what
right had they in this case to give the purser credit
for the amount?
Mr. JOHNSON. That was my impression, that
the purser had no right to pay it. But  8aumin< 
it all to be true, then the purser paid it in his own
wrong, and he should not have credit for it. How-
ever, instead of charging it to the purser as they
osight to have done, they have charged it to the
captain, and have taken it oat of that which it is
conceded belongs to him.
Mr. WESTCOTT. It is clear that the Gov-
ernment has paid it once.
Mr. MILLER. Here is the order of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, which I find among tF e papers
in the case. Will the Secretary be pleased to read-
it?
The Secretary read the letter as follows:
Navy Dcpa.htment, March 13, 1844.
[Private Vint official.]
( k ■ I have reut ivecl your letter of tlie 7th instant, ns It-
iny iivitliorilv to take oh bn.it<i tbp Omshdi/fiov, ritmnpyour
intended ei n^e, a naturalist, lo l)" aliowi (t lilt- p:iv ol chap-
lain. i find that there n some difijciiity in this mailer, as
pay i
|. vulual, either as naturalist, chaplant, or clerk, was
j! charged to Captain Percival. But, what right had
Ij they to make such achange? if there was a right
I to make such a charge against anybody, the prop-
! er person would have been the purser, if the
| purser disbursed that money without authority,
i The purser is the officer who has charge of the
| funds; but, instead of making tins deduction from
I him, they pass his accounts, allowing what he has
| paid to the naturalist; and then, to indemnify the
Government, they take the amount out of Captain
! Percival's admitted pay. Why, they might as
i well have taken it out of the mileage of the Sena-
tor from Ohio.
j The question then is, if we shall withhold part
| of the pay due to Captain Percival, on the ground
: that this Government has paid away to a naturalist
! that which, under the law, they had no right to
' pay? Without speaking of the merits of Captain
! Percival, which the Senator from Massachusetts
has vouched for, here is a plain case of justice on
t our part to see that Captain Percival is not made
j to discharge the expense of this naturalist out of
his admitted pay.
! Mr. WESTCOTT. Will the Senator allow me
to ask a question? I should like to know if the
i purser was at all bound to pay this amount?
! Mr. JOHNSON. I doubt if he was.
! Mr. WESTCOTT. There is a case of a purser
j who refused to pay a sum under an order of Com-
I medore Hull; and if tbe purser was not bound to
'lay
vou <jca to pea, direct him to perform sneh duties as may be
deemed proper lor the good of thy --ervieo, for which tic may
icceive the same pay as the law allows to a chaplain.
I din, veiy respectfully, your--,
U WARRINGTOy,
Sm ctm y of the Avsry ad interim.
Captain Percival,
Cora's; U. S. frigate Constitution, Norfolk.
Mr. DAYTON. Question.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, I want the yeas
and nays.
Mr. DAYTON". By all means.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill having been read a third time, and the
question having been pyf: Shall this bill pass?
[t was decided in the affirmative, as follows:
YE \S—.\Icssis. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Bradbury, Clarke,
Cln> ton, Davi- of Dayton. Douglas, Downs,
FiLfiueuild, Greene, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, Johnsou
of Lotn-iana, Jones, Kin«, Mason, Miller, Pearee, Phelps,
Spruance, Sturgeon, Undeiwood. Upham, Walker, We?t-
ott, and Yniee—28.
NAYS—Me^pjs. Allen. Atheiton, Blight, Davis of Mh-
«i ippi, Dickins-ori, Dodge of lowo. FHch, Filzpatnck,
Hnnter, Johnson of Geoigia, Metcalfe, Niles, attd Turney
—13.
So the bill was passed, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 18, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. BURT, (on leave,) from the Committee or
Military Affairs, reported a hill to organize the
Pay department of the army; which was read
twice, committed, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRIDGES gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce a joint resolution to construe
"and extend the provisions of the ninth section of
rhe act entitled "An act to laise for a limited tim«
an additional military force, and for other pur-
poses,*'approved February 11, 1847.
BUFFALO HARBOR.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the consideration of the resolu-
tion reported by Mr. Conger from the Committee
on Printing, on the 9th instant, directing the print-
ing of one thousand extra copies of the letter of
the Secretary of War and the accom panying papers
in relation to the harbor of Buffalo for the use of
the House, and the printing of two hundred and
fifty extra copies for the use of the Bureau of
Topographical Engineers. '
To which was pending the following amend-
ment, moved by Mr. Hall, of New York, viz:
And that the digram and mnp annexed to such report ho
engtavd on a scale not exceeding lialt tlie mzp of the origi-
nal, and that one copy of such diagram and map be attached
to each copy of said rcpoit printed by oidei of-the House.
When the House proceeded to the consideration
of the said resolution and amendment.
Mr. TOOM BS (who was en titled to the floor from
a previous day) said, on a former occasion when
this question was before the House, he had alluded
to the action of the Committee on Printing, and
stated that the practice of that committee had been
to report m favor of printing large extra numbers
of documents. He made special reference to the
large number of copies of the Patent Office Report
