$94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
_Jan. 18,
passed. If, therefore, there was extravagance in
all this, it was not to be charged at the door of the
Committee on Printing. He threw back the charge
upon the House, ana would tell it now to the
House and the country, that no successful motion
could have been made by the committee to cut
down the amount of this extra printing. "It was
the reports by Fremont, Emory, and Johnson—
those men who were sent out to explore the new
territory recently acquired from Mexico, and re-
port upon its geography, its geology, and its soil
—it was the printing of extra copies of these re-
ports the gentleman from Georgia was understood
to complain of, and to say that the country did not
want them, or rather that it was wrong to gratify
the desire on the part of the people to possess
them. It might not be that the printing of similar
documents would ever be demanded again, by the
same desire manifested on the part of ihe people to
possess them; but if such a circumstance should
arise, the admonitions of the gentleman from
Georgia would then be in oider. His voice should
be raised at such a time. But now his warning
came too late. He had locked his door now that
the horse was stolen. His remarks upon this
subject, however, might still be allowed to apply
to the future, and he (Mr. H.) promised to go
along with him in all the retrenchment he could
reasonably desire.
With reference to the manner of letting out the
public printing:, he understood the gentleman to
admit that there might have been a saving by the
adoption of the new system, if there had not been
so much printing ordered; and to affirm that the
orders had been so extensive that the Government
had to pay more for the work than under the for-
mer system.
Mr. TOOMBS was understood to say that he
affirmed the statement by Blair & Rives in yes-
terday's Globe.
Mr. HENLEY. I understand also that the gen-
tleman admits that one hundred arid one thousand
dollars was the cost of the piintmg of the last ses-
sion.
Mr. TOOMBS assented; and
Mr. HENLEY continued.1 From a memoran-
dum before'him, it appeared that the amount paid
for the House printing, during the 27th Congress,
was #189,202 65
During the 29th Confess  110,532 72
Amount paid for House pi miing dutiug tfie 1st
session of tbo 30ih Coiwp-!  60,577 45
Amount paid lat-t session for both Senate and
House 101,622 CO
The same amount o( woik at the prici s charged
hv Gales &. Seaton would have been  441,951 00
By Rilchip & Fkus  228,<>19 Oil
Saving upon the prices of Gale.s & Seaton  3 KJ.2^00
Saving upon the puces by Ritchie & IJei-*  197/287 00
The gentleman was mistaken in his statement,
that the country now pays as much for printing as
formerly, though a great deal more printing was
done. He (Mr. H.) affirmed that the printing by
the contract system yielded a*saving of more than
50 per cent, upon the prices heretofore paid to
Blair & Rivfs and Ritchie & Heiss, and more than
70 per cent, upon Gales & Seaton's prices.
The contract system was now woilcmg very
•well. Its operation during the last session was a
mere,experiment, and the only failure was in the
quality of the paper used for the President's mes-
sage—the first document of the session. But the
paper now used was a good article, and altogether
sufficient for the purpose. The type upon which
the printing was done, he admitted, was not quite
so good an article as could be desired. But the
Setretaryof the Senate and Clerk of the House
had taken the precaution to provide against these
difficulties for the future, by requiring, in their
proposals, the use of paper and type of specific
quality and character; so that, heieafter, the print-
ing would be as well done as ever it was by either
of the former public printers; and at a rate at least
40 or 50 per cent, cheaper than ever before. Then,
let the gentleman from Georgia come forward with
his reform of the abuse of "printing large numbers
of extra copies, and the cost of the printing of the
country might be cut down as much as 75 or 100
per cent.
And besides all this, and better than all this,
there would be a discontinuance of the practice of
having a newspaper editor brought to .the seat of
Government by every new Administration to be-
come its organ. He wanted no such thing as a
Government organ pensioned upon the printing of
Congress. The prejudice of the country had b§en
raised* gainst this practice, and very properly, too,
as he considered. Neither party should have a
pensioned press at the seat of Government. Such
a thing was equally pernicious, whether in the
hands of one parTjr or the other. He repeated,
that there was no difficulty about the operation of
the contract system. It would work well. It had
worked well, so far—even better than the most
sanguine of its friends expected at the first.
He recurred again to his memorandum, affirm-
ing the absolute saving to the country as before,
and adding, that the gentleman from Georgia could
not say that the same amount of printing which
was done at the la&t session could have been
ordered by Congress at the prices paid Gales &.
Season, &c., without the expenditure of a much
larger amount of money than was paid to the
present printers.
Mr. TOOMBS replied, all he had to say was,
that he wanted the printing done cheap and done
well. He said nothing of the contract system, in
connection with the means of making the proceed-
ings of Congress public.
Mr. HENLEY continued. He would say, then,
to the gentleman and to the House, that if all the
printing ordered at the last session had been done
according to the prices charged by Ritchie & Heiss,
it would have cost the country $298,000—nearly
$300,000 instead of $100,000. He would state fur-
ther, that the printing done for Congress for seven
years prior to the year 1840 yielded a net average
profit, according to the statement of the/printers
themselves, of $>76,000 yeaily; and that since that
time, it must have been over a hundred thousand
dollars; and that whosoever had been public printer
had realized1 a princcly fortune. Viewed at every
point, the contract system of printing was a great
saving to the country—perhaps the greatest Re-
trenchment and reform that had ever been accom-
plished in the public expenditures. He hoped,
therefore, that the House would not think of its
abandonment. The country might be assured there-
was no necessity for doing so. It had succeedcd
so far, and it would succeed, as he believed, against
every obstacle and opposition that might be brought
to operate against it.
Mr. BRODHEAD said he understood the gen-
tleman from Indiana to say, that the contract sys-
tem worked well, but at the same time to admit
that the printing had been done with inferior type
and paper. But if the system worked well, why
was there any complaint on the part of the corf-
tractors? Why was it that these printers were
coming now to Congress and asking for additional
compensation?
Mr. HENLEY replied. He had said the sys-
tem worked well; but he could not have been un-
derstood to say that the contract was perfect.
That could not be expected, for it was but an ex-
periment. He had said that the President's mes-
sage was printed upon paper of inferior quality, in
consequence of an imposition practised upon the
printers. He had also admitted tha#t the type was
not quite so good as should have been used—not
quite so clear as that used by Blair & Rives, per-
haps. The advertisement for the contract, perhaps,
was not quite so strict as it ought to have been.
But the paper was now of a quality sufficiently
good—about as good as that which had been used
heretofore. By all that he said, he intended to
express his entire confidence in the complete suc-
cess of the system.
Mr. WENT WORTH inquired of the gentleman
from Indiana, as one of the Committee on Print-
ing, whether there had been a compliance with the
contract by the present printers ?
Mr. HENLEY replied that he had already given
his views on that question.
Mr. MURPHY inquired if the paper now used 1
was a compliance with the contract? !
Mr. HENLEY replied that the paper now used '
was of about as good a quality as that upon which |
the printing of Congress had usually been done. \
He believed that the paper used by Blair & Rives.'
was of a better quality than the paper which had i
been used by any other of the public printers; :
though, perhaps, that used by Gales & Seaton for
a portion of the time was as good. He believed
the character and quality of the printing at present |
was about as good as that which had usually been |
done. |
Mr. MURPHY. I beg to differ with the gen- -
tleman; and I say that the paper now used is a dis- I
grace to Congiess and the country. |
Mr. HENLEY. It was difficult to tell what
would disgrace Congress; perhaps gentlemen would
differ in opinion on that point.
Mr. DUER demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
$lr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
. The yeas and nays were asked and ordered on
this motion, and being taken, lesulted—yeas 70
nays 106—as follows:
YEAS—Mas>rs. Atkinson, Benlo, Bcdinger, Bocock
Bowhn, BoydT Bridses, Brodhead, Win. G. Brown, Charles*
Brown, AhertG. Brown, Burt, Cabell, Franklin Clark, Bev-
erly L. Clarke, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. YV^ Cobfo
Cocke, Crozier, Cummin*, Daniel, Dickey, Garnett Dtmcat/
Embree, Featherston, Fickhn, Flournoy, French, Fulton'
Gentry, Goj^in, Green, WiBard P. Hall, Hammons, Har-
tTMiibOn, H<iriis, Hill, Ililhard, George S. Houston, Inge,
Irvin, Andrew Johnson, James H. Johnson, "Robert W. John-
son, Georce \V. Jones, Kaufman, Kcnnon, Lijjon, Lumpkin,
McKay, Miller, Peaslee, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pii$-
bury, 'Preston, Rhett, Richardson, Robinson, Rockhitl,
Sawyer, Simpson, Stanton, Stephens, Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Ven-
ahlP, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wihoot, and Woodward—76.
NAYS—Messr*. Abbott, G Adams, A-hirmn, Barrow,
Belcher, Binaham, Birds-all, Blaekmar, Blanrhard, Both,
Rojden, Brady. Buckner, Canhy, Clapp, Chngman, Colla-
iner, Collin-., Conger, Uran*ton, Crisfiefd, CrowHI, Du-kin-
eon, Dixon. Donnell, Duei. Kekert, Nathan Evans, Far.ui,
FairHly, Fi>her, Gaines, Giddin«s, Gott, Greeley, Nathan
K. Ilall, J. G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henley. Henry,
Ehas B. Holmes, John W. Houston, Huhbnid, Hinl,-on?
Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, Joseph R. rimersoll, Jitmcfon,
Jenkins, Thomas Butler Kins, Daniel P. King, Labm, Win,
T. Lawrence, Sidney L.jwience, Lincoln, Lord, Macl.iy,
McClellaiKi, McNvatne, McLane, Job Marin, Horace Mann,
Marsh, Marvin, Morehead, Morn*, Mulhn, Muiphy, Nel on,
Newell, Nicoil, Outlaw, Palfrev, Peck, Penie, Peitft, Pol
look, Putnam, Reynolds, Richey, Julius Roc kwell, John A.
Rockwell, Root, Rum«ey, St. John, Schfnck, Shemlt,
Smart, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Truman,SuiUh, SturK
weather, Strohm, TaJImadge, Taylor, Rjchard \V. Thonip
"on, Jolm B. Thomp.-on, Tompkins, Tuck, Turner, V.ui
Dvke, Vinton, Warren, Wentvvoith, White, and Wilson
—106.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
amendment, it was taken, and agreed to.
The lesolution as amended was then adoptgd.
And so it was
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the letter of
{he Secretary of War, and the-accompanying papers, m re
latum to the harbor at Buffalo, New York, communicated
to this House on the 6th instant, be printed for the u=e of
thi* House ; and that two hundred and fifty copies jhereol
he pwnted tor the use of the Bureau of Toposiaphical En-
Htneers; and that the diagram and map annexed to such
report be engtnvej, on a scale not exceeding half the s=ize
of the original, and that one copy of such diagram and map
be attached to each copy of said report printed by the order
ot the House.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Smith, of Indiana, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
The question pending was on the amendment of
Mr. Cummins, which proposed to increase th^item
for the General Land Office $500, to advance the *
salary of one clerk in the Military Bounty Land
room from $1,300 to $1,500, and of one other from
$1,000 to $1,300.
Mr. TAYLOR, on a pro forma amendment, said
he was in favor of the amendment moved by Ins
| colleague [Mr. Cummins.] He believed that the
: recommendation of the Commissioner of the Gen-
; eral Land Office, that the salaries paid to the two
j principal clerks in that office, where the military
i bounty land warrants were passed, are inadequate,
was £ proper recommendation, and should be
adopted by this House. It had become necessary
for him frequently to call at that office, at the pres-
| ent and the late session of Congress; and from the
! fact that the original title papers connected with
| all the public lands in the southern part of the
State of Ohio were retained in the town in which
: he resided, and one of the military lai^d offices
was in that town, it had become his duty frequently
to go to the land office in person, and to have
almost dady communication with the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Officc, especially with
that department in which the military bounty lands
were regulated, and by that means he had become
acquainted with the necessity of increasing the
salaries of these two clerks.
He would state, that up to the year 1836, the
chief clerk of the Land Office, who was assigned
to the supervision of the military bounty-land
warrants, received a salary of $1,500; in 1836,
