U98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
By Mr. BLANCHARD: The petition of sundry citizens
of Blair county, Peoiibylvanid, for the immediate modifica-
tion oi the tariff of 184d, so as to relieve the mining and
manufacturing interests from theirkpre -ent suffering con-
dition. .
By Mr. SHKPPERD: The petition of Martha Martin,
prajirig a pension, on account of the services of her hus-
band, Colonel Jiime^ Martin, in the re.volutiouary w«ir.
By Mr. BLACKMAR: The petition of John Maiuievjlle,
and many other citizens of Waterloo, in the State of New
York, asking for reduced and uniform rates of postage, and
th4; abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BLANCHABD ? The petition of sundry citizens
Clarion county, Pennsylvania, selling forth that the mining
and manufacturing interests are suffering under the low du
ties on foreign manufactured articles, and praying tor the
immediate modification of the tariff of 1846, to meet the
emergency of the case.
By Mr. NELSON: The memorial of Thomas Harher,
De Wit't C. K< Hanger, and 114 other citizens of the town of
Yonker.-s, m Westchester county, in the State of New York,
praving for the freedom of public land*.
By Mr. KELLOGG; A petition from publishers of period-
icals ni the city of New York, on the subject of the reduction
of postage.
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of Huldah White, and
77 others of Heatli, in the State of Ma^achusetts, prayins
Congiess to prevent the extension ol American slavery, to
withdraw the protection of Government from tli(* American
slave trade, and to suppress slaveiy wherever Congress has
competent jurisdiction.
. IN SENATE.
Friday, January 19, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
muting a map of the valley of Mexico, prepared
by the Topographical Bureau; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT also presented a report
from the Secretary of the Treasury, made in com-
pliance with the resolution of the Senate of the 12th
instant, calling for a designation of the depositaries
under the act of August 6, 1846; which was read
and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIAL.
Mr. BELL presented a memorial from citizens
of the State of Tennessee, asking for a reduction of
the rates of postage; which was laid on the table,
a bill on the subject having been reported.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported the bill for the relief of the'West Feliciana
Railroad Company without amendment, with the
recommendation that the bill do not pass.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the Committee on
Finance were discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill for the relief of the Mexican
Gulf Railroad Company.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the report was laid on the table.
Mr. DICICfNSON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, made an adverse report on the petition of
W. Norns & Co., praying for a return of duties
on iron imported for the construction of locomo-
tives when reexported.
NOTICE OF BILL.
Mr. KING gave notice of his intention to-
morrow, or at some subsequent day, to ask leave
to introduce a bill to grant the Mobile and Ohio
Railroad Company a right of way through the
public lands.
Mr. SEBASTIAN ^ibmitted a communication
addressed to him by A. K. Parris, Second Comp-
troller, in relation to the report of the Second
Comptroller and the Second Auditor of the Treas-
ury of the 15th instant, on the subject of the
claims of the Cherokee nation; which was ordered
to be printed.
RECONSIDERATION.
The motion made by Mr. Pearce, to reconsider
the vote by which the act directing the mode of
settling the claim of Charles G. Ridgely, was taken
up and agreed to. So the bill is again before the
Senate.
NATURALIST TO A NAVAL EXPEDITION.
Mr. ALLEN. There was a bill passed here
yesterday, when the Senate was quite thin, for the
relief of Captain Perctval. I am in possession of
some facts upon the subject which make me desi-
rous that some gentleman who voted for the bill
yesterday should move a reconsideration, in order
that the subject may be again opened. j
^r" ' w'" move such reconsideration. I
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. What are the
facts which the Senator states have come into his
possession ?
Mr. ALLEN". They relate to the authority
under which these duties were said to have been
performed, antl go'to show that the whole busi-
ness is without any foundation whatever. Instead
of this gentleman's performing the duties of clerk
and chaplain, I am prepared to prove that he was
appointed as naturalist and astronomer, and also
that the purser refused to make the allowance until
he was commanded a second time to do so by Cap-
tain Pereival.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hope the
Senator will allow his motion to stand until the
Senate is more full.
Mr. ALLEN. With great pleasure.
The question was, thereupon, passed over in-
formally.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire into the propuety of allowing to Alex-
ander Hammett the pay of a charge d'affaires foi the time
he discharged l(io duties of that station at Naples
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ATHERTON moved to postpone the prior
orders, with a view to take up the bill making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1850.
Mr. WALKER said he hoped the Senator from
New Hampshire would not press that motion at
present. There were other estimates of appropri-
ations which would be laid befoie the Senate, and
which it would be necessary to include in this
[nil. He hoped its consideration, therefore, would
be deferred. The Senator knew, no doubt, to
what he alluded.
Mr. ATHERTON, I do not know that there
is any necessity for delaying the consideration of
the bill on that account. If there should be any
additional appropriation necessary to thefulfillment
of any treaty that may hereafter be ratified, it may
be inserted in the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill. And I will also suggest to the Senator,
that, for almost every day of next week, some
special subject has been assigned, and I should be
sorry that this appropriation bill should be de-
layed. I hope, at any rate, that the Senate will
take it up and have it read, and make some prog-
ress wjth it, for I do not see that there need be
any delay on account of the suggestion made by
the Senator from Wisconsin; because, if there be
any such additional appropriation necessary, it
can be added to some other bill.
Mr. ATCHISON. I would ask the honorable
Senator if he expects to get through with the bill
to-day, or only to make some progress?
Mr. ATHERTON. That will depend very much
upon the fact whether any amendments are offered.
As the bill now stands it is simply an appropria-
tion bill, providing for the fulfillment of the treaty
stipulations.
Mr. ATCHISON. It is for that very reason, I
believe, that my honorable friend from Wisconsin
ask*j for delay. I do not know that it would be
improper for me to suggest that there is now an
Indian treaty pending before the Senate, which,
when acted upon, may make it necessary that a
further appropriation should be insetiel in this
bill.
Mr. ATHERTON. I hope, however, the bill
will be proceeded with, and if it should be con-
sidered necessary to defer final action upon it for
the puipose of including other appropriations, I
shall have no objection to a short postponement
for that purpose.
Mr. BELL. I perhaps misled the Senator from
New Hampshire, the other day, upon his inquiring
whether any further appiopriations would be pro-
posed. I stated, if my recollection is correct, that
besides the appropriations in this treaty there were
other appropriations that would probably be called
lor to carry into effect the treaties heretofore rati-
fied, but that the committee was not yet prepared
fo determine what further appropriations would be
required. I hope the Senator will not press the
consideration of this bill to-day. When the ap-
propriations are reported upon by the committee
there will be no objection to taking up the bill
and I presume that there will be no great delay in
passing it when it is taken up. If those omissions
are made, it is exceedingly doubtful whether we
shall get a separate appropriation bill passed durino-
the session. *b
Mr. ATHERTON. I desire that some progress
be made with the bill; and after that, if the Sena-
tor desires it, I will cheerfully consent that it shall
be postponed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. I wish to un-
derstand if it is the purpose of the Senator to do
more than to have the bill read.
Mr. ATHERTON. I desire that we shall pro-
ceed with it as far as we can. If any amendments
should be offered that require discussion they may
be discussed; but I do not propose to close the bill
to-day, or to take final action upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will suggest to the honor-
able chairman of the Finance Committee, that in
all probability it will be no saving of time, but, on
the contrary, that it will be taking up more time
than is necessary if the bill be taken up now.
There are several subjects upon the orders of the
day for this day, and I* trust they will be proceed-
ed with.
Mr. ATHERTON. There will probably be
some information required upon some points al-
ready embraced in the bill; and if so, 1 want an
opportunity to furnish thatinformation. If the bill
is proceeded with, we can settle the details now
contained in the bill, and hereafter, if it become
necessary to add further provisions, they may be
inserted. But I think it will be a saving of time to
proceed with the bill now.
Mr. A. then withdrew his motion.
TERRITORY OF MINESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill establishing the
Territory of Minesota.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate will
now proceed to the consideration of the bill asked
for by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. KING. I have not examined the facts
connected with this bill to determine satisfactorily
to myself what number of citizens of the United
States are contained within,the limits of the coun-
try now proposed to be organized into a Territory.
Perhaps the Senator from Illinois can inform me
in relation to this matter.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In answer to that question,
I would state that my impression is, that there are
now somewhere between eight and ten thousand
people scattered in various parts of the Territory,
though aggregated intocompactsettlements. There
are more than the usual number of inhabitants
necessary for the establishment of a territorial gov-
ernment.
Mr. KING. I am not wilting, sir, to throw any
obstacle in the way of establishing the laws of the
United States over all our people, wherever they
may be, provided they are so contiguous to each
other that the laws can easily operate upon them.
But ifa few individuals are located here and there,
and scattered over an immense tract of country,
the Senator will perceive at once—as the Senator
from Illinois himself must be aware—that it will
be almost an impossibility to establish and carry
into execution a territorial government.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Perhaps I have given a wrong
impression by my former remarks—an impression
which I had no design to convey. What 1 de-
signed to make understood was, that there were
compact settlements scattered*throughout the Ter-
ritory. There is a settlement in the valley of the St.
Croix tolerably dense and compact; several miles
below this place there are other settlements com-
pact in themselves. Then some one or two hun-
dred miles distant from these settlements are others
compact in their nature. The settlements, though
not adjoining each other, are within the proper
limits of the Territory, and in a position where
laws could very well apply. The map is here spe-
cifying the location of those settlements, and the
committee have passed upon it several times.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I would state to the Sena-
tor from Alabama that, a day or two since, 1 had
a very interesting conversation with, the delegate
from Minesota m relation to. this very subject.
Contiguous to the falls of St. Anthony, I under-
stand there are about six thousand people located
within about one Hundred square miles of the ter-
ritory. This settlement polls some twelve hundred
votes, and this delegate with whom I had the con-
versation was elected as such by that settlement.
There are two or three other settlements, as the
Senator from Illinois has just stated, compact in
