300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
On motion of-Mr. NILES, the Senate resumed
the consideration, as in Committee of the Whole*
of the bill providing for a redaction of postage.
Mr. NILES. When this bill was up the other
day I offered an amendment* the object of which
was to apply a new principle in regard to the rule
* which governs the rates of postage where there are
more than two rates charged. That amendment
applied to the first section of the bill. It now be-
comes necessary to amend the fourth section in-
order to make it conform to the first; I move,
therefore, to strike-out, in lines six and seven, the
following words: " And the like sum for any ad-
ditional Half ounce or fractional part thereof," and
insert "all letteis weighing more than half an
ounce, and not exceeding one ounce, shall pay
two rates, or forty-two cents; and all letters weigh-
ing more than two ounces shall pay an additional
postage of four rates, or eighty-four cents, for
each ounce or fractional part thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NILES. There is another verbal amend-
ment which should be made, in order to avoid any
misconception, which is to insert in the 18th line,
after the word <'aforesaid," the following: "In
addition to the postage charged by such country."
And also, in the 22d line, add after " thereof"
the words " m addition to the postage charged by
foreign nations."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON moved to strike out the word
" one" in the 10th and 12th lines of the second
section, and insert " two." My object (said Mr.
C.) in offering this amendment is to preserve the
responsibility of the letter-carriers. I consider
them the most important officers in the whole post
office establishment. Their business is to carry
all letters within their particular district. They
are paid for by those who receive the letters.
Those who do not wish to incur the expense call
at the post office themselves,-or they have boxes
where they are deposited; but the letteis of men of
business, bankers, and others, letters containing
remittances, are usually delivered by the carriers
to the individuals to whom they are addressed.
The situation of a carrier, then, is a most respon-
sible one, and they do not receive more than three
or four hundred dollars a year beyond what they
receive for the delivery of letters. If, then, you
reduce their charge for the delivery of letters one-
half, you make their receipts so low that responsi-
ble men will not accept the post, and the duty will
be assigned to irresponsible individuals or to boys.
Large sums are frequently intrusted to these car-
riers, and it is highly impoitant that they should
be trustworthy. Without dilating upon the point,
I will merely say, that my object is to preserve in
these situations responsible men.
Mr. NILES. The difference that will be made
in the receipts of the carriers is but a small matter,
and may be made up to them by an increase of
salary, whereas the alteration which the Senator
proposes interferes with the general policy of the
bill. This second section is introducing a new
principle into our system. There is no obligation
on the part of the department to deliver letters out ,
of the office, or facilitate the depositing of letters
in the office in this country, although in some
countries of Europe—in Prance, for example—it
is a part of the service of the department to deliver
letters at the places of their address, and to convey
letters f*om numerous points in cities without ad-
ditional charge, being remunerated by the increase
of the number of letters conveyed through the
mails. This second section will apply to not more
than five or six post offices m the United States,
being those situated in cities having a large popu-
lation, and if the postmaster cannot get the service
performed for the remuneration here provided, he
must only increase the compensation of the car-
rier. As the law stands, the expense of adver-
tising is more than the additional charge that is
made upon advertised letters, the advertisements
being required to be inserted in two newspapers
at an expense of four cents, while two cents only
are charged to the person receiving the letter.
The object is to make postages as low as possible;
if the service of the carrier cannot be performed
for one cent, let more be paid to him by the de-
partment; but let not individuals be charged more
than one cent. 1 want to guard against hi^h
charges in cities where the letters must be delivered
by carriers.
Mr. CAMERON. Then why not let the per-
sons receiving the letters be req'uned to pay nothing
at all? The whole system in regard to our Post
Office Department goes upon the principle that the
man who performs the least labor gets the most
pay, and the man who performs the most labor
gets the least pay. The carriers do the most work,
and they get only $350 per year, while the lowest
clerk in the post office gets $750. The postmaster
pays the carrier no more than is directed to be
paid him by law; and unless there be a special pro-
vision for an increase of their salaries, no increase
will be made. These situations ought to be filled,
as I have already said, by responsible persons. I
wish to avoid the employment of youths in that
capacity, and exposing them to temptation by
having iaige sums of money committed to their
charge. If there is to be anything charged for the
delneiy of letteis, let it be a sufficient sum to re-
munerate the carriers, and to secure the services
of competent and responsible men.
Mr. NILES. There is one other idea which I
omitted to suggest. There is no diminution of
compensation to the carriers. The gentleman does'
not seem to recollect that if the pnnciple of this
bill is carried out, it will probably duplicate the
number of letters in one year, and in thiee or four
years increase the number two or three hundred
per cent. The earners will receive the benefit of
this increased correspondence, and wiil have but
little more labor to perfoun; because, in passing
upon their several lounds, they may as well deliver
a large number as a small number of letters.
The question being taken upon the amendment,
it was not agieed to.
- Mr. CAMERON. I desire to amend_a part of
the proviso in the third section which reads thus:
" Provided, that newspapeis not weighing over
one ounce and a half, and not sent more than fifty
miles hom ttieoffice of publication, siiall.becharged
with one cent postage only." 1 wish to change
the word fifty to thirty, ana to provide that they
shall go free of postage.
Mr. WESTCOTT. If the Senator will permit
me I will move to amend his amendment by in-
serting, instead of " more than fifty miles from the
office of publication," the words " out of the Con-
gressional district."
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator can propose his
amendment at another time.
Mr. WESTCOTT. i believe now is the proper
time, before the original amendment is agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I would prefer that the gen-
tleman should reserve his amendment until the
voie be taken upon the one that I have proposed.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I do not know what the
rule of order is; but if it will be in order to offer
my amendment afterwards, 1 will await the action
of tne Seriate upon this. CJpon a former occasion
I have submitted my reasons tor this amendment,
i prefer that the whole clause shall be stricken oyt.
It my amendment be not adopted, I will still vote
for the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania; and, if that be not adopted, I shall vote
against the whole clause; f'cy, as i nave stated be-
foie, and repeat now, these papers, if the clause
be adopted without amendment, arc to circulate
within a distance of fifty miles exclusively for the
benefit of those portions of the Union that are
thickly populated. It will be of no benefit to the
new States. At a former session of Congress it
was proposed to limit their free circulation to the
counties in which the newspapers were published;
and, as 1 said then, that was equally improper,
because it would operate unequally upon the old !
and the ^iew States. In the old States the great j
body of subscribers to a paper published m a 1
county town reside within a short distance of the ■
place of publication; but it is not so in the new i
States, where not more than two or three news- i
papers are published in the whole State, and where '
a large majority of their subscribers live at a dis- j
tance of fitty or a hundred or a hundred and fifty j
mile-s from the place of publication. Now I would i
like to know wny these papers are not entitled to >
the same immunity, why they are not to be as j
liberally treated as the little newspapers in the !
northern villages.
But the rule can be made equal by placing it I
upon federal principles, taking the Congressional ■
district, not resorting for a boundary to the limits ■
of a State or to its subdivisions into counties and !
towns, or the arbitrary geographical line of fifty ij
miles off, which would put the Postmaster Gen- |!
ij eral to some little inconvenience, 1 should think
j' in ascettainin'g the distance. But, by placing n
i! within the Congressional district there can be^no
ji sort of difficulty. And there is a peculiar proprie-
ji ty in assigning for the circulation of such papers
Ij the Congressional district within winch the elec-
|| tion of a member of Congress takes place, and for
!; the circulation of political newspapers especially
!■ I have no great objection to retaining the charge
|j of half a cent, provided the limit of the Con^res-
!j sionai district be adopted, inasmuch as it has'been
j; suggested that all matter conveyed through the
;j mail ought to pay something; that it ou£ht&not to
Ij. go entirely free, as proposed by the Senator from
ij Pennsylvania. I am willing that it should pay
ji enough uncompensate the United States for cany,
ing h, and within the Congressional district I think
■ one cent is enough. The' necessity for taking a
j paper is imposed upon every man in the district
i who wishes to perform his duty properly to his
i country and to the candidates for office; whereas
! those who live out of the district may do as they
| please. I trust, then,, that Senators, especially
! thos£ living in newly-settled States—m States not
j so-thickly settled as Pennsylvania and New York
■ —will see the importance of making this law equal
in its operation by the amendment which ,1 pro-
i pose.
| Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me that both, the
: amendment submitted by the Senator from Penn-
! sylvania, and the amendment to that amendment
! submitted by the Senator from Florida, are radi-
I cully svrong; consequently, 1 shall vote against
' both the amendment and the amendment to the
' amendment. If the principle, however, oi the
■ original amendment is adopted, it establishes, to
| some'extent, the principle which the Senator from
i Florida desires should pie\aii. For the reasons
l| which have been stated, it may be proper that the
ij circle within which these papers.may be conveyed
ij free of postage should be extended beyond the
j' limits of any prescubed number of miles, and there
ji would be greater justice perhaps in confining their
;; circulation to the Congressional district than lim-
|j iting it within a compass of thirty miles. But it
j; seems to me, sir, that the whole, both the original
;l amendment and the amendment to the amendment,
jj are radically and entirely wrong. I suppose that
I; a low rate of postage is a desideratum with all;
ij that is to say, a rate as low as it can be made, and
; be at the same time sufficient to enable thedepart-
1 ment to sustain itself, without throwing itself per-
| mancntly upon the treasury for its support. It is
I so at least with me. Well, then, we are attempt-
i mg to effect that object, and to establish the lowest
| rates of postage which we may be enabled to do,
| and at the same time permit the department to sus-
tain it3elf, without being permanently connected in
any way with the treasury of the General Govern-
ment. It certainly is worthy of consideration
whether we should not be very careful, very guard-
ed, lest we do anything to defeat the very object
!: which we desire to accomplish; or, in other words,
j, while we are seeking to establish a low rate of
ij postage, it becomes necessary that all matter trans-
|; nutted through the mails should be subjected to
ij the^payment of a certain sum—a sum which shall
adequately remunerate the Government for the
Ij service which it shall perform.
I individually*am opposed to the franking privi-
lege in its whole .extent. Believing that the Post
Office Department is one that should rely upon its
own revenue for its own support, it should clcarly
require every® person, every department of the
Go vernment, or every individual who may receive
any facilities or benefits from that department, to
contribute to its support. I do not believe that any
branch of the Government or any class of our cit-
izens should reap the benefit which our mail sys-
tem affords without contributing any payment for
what those facilities may be worth; hence 1 hold
that the whole franking privilege is entirely and
radically wrong. The amendment which the Sen-
ator fiom Kentucky has proposed to offer goes far
to effect that object, and, when he pitsents it, it
shall reccive my vote. Any proposition which
tends to do away with the franking privilege shall
receive my support, although 1 consider it very
doubtful whether we shall be able to accomplish
that o'bject.
But, sir, I am opposed to this amendment for
another reason. I have not heaid from the Sen-
ator who offered the original amendment, nor did
1 hear from the Senator from Florida anything
