302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10,
He tells us that there is great abuse and extrava-
gance in forming contracts for carrying the mail
between this country and Europe, and that abuse
is to excuse another abuse. The Senator might,
with the same propriety, advocate a retrenchment
in the expenditures of the navy proper, for it is
very well known that these lines of mail steamers
were never established merely as a part of our
mail system. There was another consideration.
They were established for defence. All these
lines belo'ng to the Navy Department. The Post-
- master General has nothing to do with them. I
see no possible connection between the establish-
ment of these steamers and the matter contained
in this bill, except so far as foreign postage is con-'
cerned, which is provided for in the bill. I know
of nothing that can be obtained that will throw
any additional light upon this subject, or aid ys in
tiie understanding of the provisions of this bill. 1
1 see no analogy between 'he cases to which the !
Senator has referred, so far as postage is concerned, i
Does the gentleman contend that these merchants j
get their letters free, as it is proposed that news-
papers shall be cariied? Not at all. They pay a
very onerous postage. So far as postage is con-
cerned, therefore, there is no privilege given to
those who convey the mails abroad. There are
other considerations that have led the Government
to increase its disbursements, whether wisely or
not, in the establishment of these lines.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow.
On motion, it was ordered, that when the Senate
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
MAILS TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following communication from the* Post Oflice
Department:
1'ost Office Department, January 19,1849.
Sir: In ansvxet to the jcsuiutiou or the Senate ot the
J8..I1 uisl.iiit, I have ilib honor 10 iv.poit that tms ilepartiumt
ha? in opf;r<ut-'tn two contiaets lor (any my the mail in «ti'Uin
packets between the port *or the United states and luepoita
of foreign trountne.-, viz.
One flitted iiiio tlift 4rii November, 1847, with the Ocean
Steam Navigation (Joinpanv, at $200,90u per annum, lor
once a month's service in each direction between New Y01 k
and Bremen tlavcu, in Get i|ian>, via (Jowes or Southamp-
ton, Ewyiand. 'ihi  contract \va  originally made with Ed-
waul M.lls, for twice a month's service at <§400,00j per
annum, with the privilege ot tunning eveiy other tup to
H ivre in Fiance, inatfad ol Bremen Haven, at p.;r
annum le.>s compensation, and bj him tran&ierreu, with tiie
consent of the depaitment, to the pieuent. ontiaetora. 'I he
monthly seivtce ha  been only jmt in opeiation <u> above
stated at $300,000 per annum. The mtoimation in posses-
sion of the department will not enable it to ^ive a more spe-
cific statement oi the annual amount of ior« ign p( atagea by
thia line than 1# contained in my annual lepoa to the Pi evi-
dent ot the United States, wlncli 8.J,
'i'he jeeent contract lor inaii emivejiuieu to a foreign port
or ports 1* thrii lor service bttween (JuurJe.>ton ami'tiavan-
nah in Die United States, ami Havana in ilir- i-iand id Cuba.
M. C. Mordeeai is Uie contractor, at ^50,000 per anmmi.
The &erviu; commenced on the J th uetuber, 184h, under
an acceptance lor service between Charlotou and Havana,
at .$4.noju, made £ist Aiuu-t, 1847, on condition that it
should be rauiied by ('on ie-s&. Congitss ratified.the ac-
etptanco, and allowed .$5,0 0 additional ror truhmcitig Sa-
vannah m the route. No separate leiurnsi have been received
to enable the depaitn.ent to show tvhat amount ot revenue
has been itteivtd from this route exclusively.
I have tiie honor to be, re.-pei tlulh, vuuroijt dient servant,
O. JOHNSON, Postmaster General.
Hon. G, M, Da.li.as,
Vice lJresuieiU of the United States.
The communication was read and ordered to be
printed.
'' The VICE PRESIDENT also presented a re-
port from the Secretary of the Treasury, made m
compliance with the resolution of the Senate of
the 32th instant, calling for a designation of the
depositaries under the act of August4,184§: which
was read and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some" time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.-
Friday, January 19, 1849.
The Journal.of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, (by leave,)
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire what legislation  •> necessary to prevent the ti an-*-
p Mtatiou of gold disCoveicd within the territory of the United
States in California to foreign countries, and to secure the
coinage ot the same at the mints ot the United States, and
Uut they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, (by leave,) presented
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of Illi-
nois, in relation to the improvement of the Des
Moines rapids in the Mississippi river; which was
referred to the Committee on Cofhmerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. CROWELL (by leave) presented the me-
morial of George Hurlbut, Charles fciickox, and
others, merchants and ship-owners of Cleveland,
Ohio, praying an appropriation for a light-ship and
buoys fjr the entrance of Niagara river.
/'Mr. CROWELL moved that the memorial be
read; which motion was'disagreed to.
On motion of Mr. CROWELL, the memorial
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. MURPHY, (by leave,)
Resolved, That it be referred to the Commiitee on the
Library to inquire into the expediency ot purchasing the
diaries and other puvate papers of General Washington.
Mr. H1LLIARD (by leave) presented a petition
from citizens of Montgomery, Alabama, asking a
reduction in the rates of postage; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. GOGG1N rose and said, he had risen to
make another appeal to the House to take up the
postage bill. He was aware that this was a day
set apart for the consideration of private bills; but
as so little progress had been, or was likely to
be made, with that class of business, he did hope
the House would proceed at once with the bill he
had leferred to, as one in which not only private
individuals were interested, Cut one m which, he
might safely say, the public—the people every-
: where—felt perhaps a deeper interest than 111 any
! other subject winch at this time was before this
j or the other branch of the Legislature. He daily
j received many letters in regain to this bill; and not
1 an hour elapsed 111 the House without some in-
quiry when the bill would come up. He therefore
hoped he should be excused for pressing a motion
he should submit to go into Commutes of the
Whole on the state ol the Union to take up this
bill.
Mr. HILLIARD said , that in that connection he
would ask leave to piesent a petition.
Mr. GOGU1N asked if he had not the floor for
his motion?
The SPEAKER said he did not understand the
gentleman to have made any motion.
Mr. GOGGrlN said he had made the motion to
go into committee 011 the postage bill.
The SPEAKER said unanimous cc
be required.
Objection was made.
Mi. H1L.L1ARD said he only desired to present
a petition, and he would then lenew the motion of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Uoggin.J A
more respectful petition, he said, had never been
presented to a public body. It was a petition ask-
ing a reduction of the rates of postage. The sub-
ject was one of very great interest, and he entirely
concurred in the wish which had been expressed
by the gentleman irom Virginia, that the bill pio-
vidmg lor the reduction ot the rales of postage
should be taken up and disposed of at ail early
day. If ever public sentiment had been clearly
and powerfully expressed 111 tavor of any change,
it had been expressed in favor of a change of Uie
law regulating the rates of postage.
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that the
gentleman could only proceed by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. HILLIARD moved that the petition be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Ordered accordingly.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, called for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER said the business first in order
was the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill for the -relief of the heirs of Antonio Pa-
checo had been rejected.
Mr. GOGG1N leferred to his motion.
The SPEAKER said objection had been made
to it, and as no motion could be made to-day to
suspend the rules, the objection of a meinjjer was
equivalent to a rejection of the motion.
Mr. ROCKWELL again called for the orders
of the day. It was, he suggested, entirely imprac-
ticable to adopt the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Goggiu.] There weie half a dozen
other orders having precedence of the postage bill,
unanimous consent would
and the gentleman's motion could only be made
by general consent.
Mr. TAYLOR inquired, if it was in order to
move to proceed to the consideration of business
on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER explained what the course of
business was.
Mr. GOGG1N said that he* did not understand
th&t any objection had been made to his motion,
Mr. ROCKWELL said that the post office bill
was, he understood, a special order after the bill to
establish a board for the settlement of private claims
should have been disposed of. But the business
having priority to-day was, he understood, the bill
for the relief of the heirs of Antonio Pacheco.
He hoped that the debate on that bill would soon
close. Debate had already been closed on the
other bill; and the bill of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Goggin] would be taken up in its reg-
ular order. He (Mr. R.) objected to taking up
the bill out of the regular order.
So the motion of Mr. Gogglv was not enter-
tained.
COMPENSATION FOR A SLAVE.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Antonio
Pacheco had been rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS addressed the House in an argu-
ment almost exclusively legal, in which he main-
tained the right of the party to the compensation
claimed. [A report of Mr. T.'s speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. DCJER asked leave to make a suggestion
with reference to tiie point Mr. Toombs was then
arguing, and permission being granted—
Mr. DUER said, that whatever difficulty he had
at any tune had in his own mind, had grown out of
tins con tract of bailment or hiring. He agreed with
the gentleman frum Georgia so far as lie had yet
' gone, on tfie point he was now discussing; and it
was witii reference to the question to which he
was coming, as to the eilect of the hiring, that he
desired to make some suggestions.
Mr. D. said, he did not conceive the case to
turn at all upon the question which had been so
much discussed heic us to property in slaves. He
did not doubt that, in the general sense of the words,-
slavery was property. Slaves weie piopertyin
persons. A sldlve was a person who was the prop-
erty of another. To say, then, that slaves aie not
property, is to say they'are not slaves. I'he prop-
osition involves a contradiction. srl'he idea of prop-
erty enters into the very definition of a slave.
Now, what he (Mr. D.) held on tins Question
was, that the Constitution of the United States
had not extended, had not nationalized in any de-
gree the institution of slavery, and that at the same
time it had not in any respect weakened or im-
paired its local force, it had left it jusL as it found
it—a. local institution, valid in the States, but of
no extra territorial force.
Mr. D. said that in this opinion of his there was
nothing novel or peculiar, k was an opinion nearly
unnersal in the northern States. And when gen-
tlemen said slaves were not property, the position,
he thought, must be taken with the qualification
that they were not property otherwise or to any
gieater extent than the local law made them so;,
for (Mr. 0. said) he did not think there was a
gentleman in the House who denied that slaves
were property within the slaveholding States.
Hut (Mr. JL>. said) he could not see how the doe-
trine to which he leferred could have any bearing
on this case; because here a slave was taken in
a slaveholding Stale, where consequently the local
law applied to and determined his condition. But
the difficulty of the case grew out? of this: that
while by the local law a slave was property, he
was a person too; and the question was, under
these circumstances what law should apply." When
Government took property fora publicuse it made
compensation to the owner; but when the Govern-
ment took a person for public use, no such com-
pensation was made.
Mr. D. said that he took on this branch of the
case the facts and the argument of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] who had reported
the bill. He desired no escape from them. And
for the sake of the argument, therefore, he would
admit that General Jesup had, by authority of law
and for the public good, taken this slave and sent
him into the Indian country, thereby wholly da-
