THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIRS& RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1849.
New Series No. 20.
in law and equity why a new hearing should be
granted.
Gentlemen well knew that one reason why the
House was so overloaded with private claims
which had been rejected, was, that they l\ad been
acted upon with an imperfect examination; and
they were renewed from session to session, until you
found repeated decisions against the same claim
both by the committees and by Congress. If ihis
evil were remedied, and if claims which were just <
■were speedily acted upon by the board and by
Congress, there would be no difficulty in bringing ;
the subject within the compass of Congress, and 1
of carefully adjudicating all these claims, and they j
would not determine and examine them as they did I
now—determine and examine them, he said, for, i
like the Prince of the Infernal Regions, of it j
wassai dyCastigat, audit q tie—they punished first, and >
perhaps heard afterward; though, for the greater
part, unlike him, they gave no hearing at all.
With regard to the limitation of a time within
which the claims should be presented, he thought
there should be no rule adopted. There had here-
tofore beert attempts made to establish such a lim-
itation, but without success. The act of 1816 had
been referred to, under which a commissioner had
been appointed for the adjudication of a certain
class of claims arising out of the last war with
Great Britain. By its terms, the operation of that
act had been limited to two years, and it was
provided that only those who presented their
claims within two years could have them allowed.
The commissioner had been authorized to deter-
mine finally upon the claims thus presented, and
why the board should not act upon questions of
this character which were now brought before
Congress, and the committees be relieved from the
severe labor which was now imposed upon them.
But further, there were many claims brought
before Congress which were strictly, perfectly
jj just, which,"however, would not bo sustained by
the courts of law in actions between individuals.
Those claims were constantly occurring. He men-
tioned some of these cases, such as the case of an
officer who, in the honest discharge of his duties,
by direction of his superior officer, did an act con-
trary to the law. Gluestions of this character had
frequently arisen in reference to the slave trade,
the embargo, the revenue laws; and Congress
had almost always sustained claims arising out of
such circumstances. The House had had before
them a claim of this kind at the last session of
Congress—that of a deputy postmaster who, un-
der the directions of the Postmastea^tcnejral from
time to time given, had gone on t^^bpair a post
office, and it was subsequently found that it. had
been done without any legal authority. Here
was a case which, according to the argument,
could not go before the board; yet who couhl say
that it was not strictly just? He had spoken of
cases of this character which occurred under the
revenue laws; they were so numerous that a pro-
vision had been made by law giving the Secretary
of the Treasury the power to refund moneys which
officers of the customs might have been obliged to
pay in consequence of the honest and faithful dis-
charge of (heir duties. ♦
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] in his
the Secretary of the Treasury was directed to [j argument the other day th:U the orders given by
pay out of the treasury the amounts so awarded
by him. President Madison, at the succeeding
session of Congress, referring to some abuses
which had occurred in the exercise of the power of
the commissioner, had sent in a communication to
Congress recommending a modification of the law;
and the law was not repealed, (as had been said
by gentlemen,) and it never had been repealed,
but it had been modified at the succeeding session
of Congress, so as to give to the commissioner
final jurisdiction in cases not exceeding two hun-
dred dollars; and to the commissioner, together
with the Secretary of the Treasury, final jurisdic-
tion m all other cases. So far from the law having
been repealed, it had been continued from time to
timejiy the successive acts of 1818, '24, and '37,
and of the last session of Congress. So that it
existed at this moment, and, until the 4th Match
next, the right on the part of these claimants would
continue to go to the Third Auditor, who had*
been appointed expressly for that purpose and
with an extra compensation for it, and have those
claims adjudicated which had arisen during the
war with Great Britain. Congress, therefore, had :
not found it practicable to make a limitation of
this sort; and the act of 1816, with some modifica-
tions, had been continued from time to time until
now.
But the limitation would be unjust. It would
cut off the claims of individuals who had been
knocking at the doors of Congress for the last
twenty-five years, and whose claims had never
been acted adversely upon at all. It would be say-
ing, Because we have done you injustice for years,
because we have not before acted upon your claim
and satisfied your just demands, therefore we wiU
forever cut you off from bnngin;
more.
the President for the collection of duties in Mexico
were unconstitutional, had suggested that suits
might be brought, by persons who had thus been
obliged to pay duties, against the President or his
subordinate officers who had collected them. Sup-
pose such a suit was brought against a quaiter-
master or other officer who had thus collected a
hundicd or two hundred thousand dollars, and
who had paid i^ over for the benefit of the Govern-
ment, and that damages were recovered from h>m:
here would be a case in which the officer would
have no legal claim upon the Government, as the
very act would have been declared illegal; yet
who would say that he should not be indemnified
by the (government' He referred to various other
classes of claims, strictly just and morally binding
upon the Government, and which Congress had
repeatedly allowed, which were, nevertheless, not
of a strictly legal character, mentioning especially
the practice of the Government with regard to
prizes awarded for captures in war; the law pro-
viding that when an enemy's vessel was captured
by our citizens, they should be allowed a certain
amount of prize-money; but the almost uniform
practice having been of awarding prizes to those
who, by their gallantry and bravery, had de-
stroyed, burnt, or sunk the enemy's vessels, i
Here was no legal claim for prizes, yet they had !
almost invariably been allowed. ,
He had enumerated those cases to show, that if !
the principle which gentlemen advocated were j
adopted, that no claims should he referred to this j
tribunal which were not of a strictly legal or eaui- !«
table character, a large class of claims would be !
cut off, which were as clearly just, and which the j
   .. Government was morally bound to pay, as much j
it before us an^P' as if they were of a strictly legal or equitable cha- i
racter, and such as would be sustained in a court of i
But from various quarters, from gentlemen of ;
the highest respectability, had the suggestion been
made that the proceedings of this board should be .
confined to those claims which were of a strictly \
legal or equitable character—the term equitable
being used not to signify that which was abstractly li ury on account of any adjudication
just, but as describing that character of claims by them? Why, an objection, tr
which would be sustained before a court of chan-j I
eery. Now, he could see no reason why private j!
claims of every character which now came before jj
Congress, should not be considered by this board - j
and reported by them to Congress. .There might jj
be very good reasons why the board should not pass jj
them; but there was no reason, he apprehended, 4'
20
law or equity between individuals.
Again, it was said that unlimited power over the
public treasury was given to this board. But did
not gentlemen know that it was not in the power
of this board to take one dollar out of the. Treas-
of claims made
the very reverse
of this had been urged by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R> Ingersoll] with great,
though" not, in his opinion, with conclusive force, '
that the board would not have final jurisdiction—
that every claimant would have to come to Con-
gress finally befote he could receive his just dues '
from the treasury. 1
It appeared to him that gentlemen were not over
fair in their opposition. For objections had been
raised that the passage of this bill would bring a
greater number of claimants to the capital; and
that there were an insupportable number who were
here already, who came here to reside, or had their
; agents residing at the capital, and who were a great
j annoyance on accountoftheirpressing, their claims
continually upon the attention of members. These
statements were made, as though, on this account,
claimants ought not to be encouraged to come for-
ward with their claims; as though they ought not
to have a hearing upon their claims; as though
they were not deserving of the privilege of having
their claims rejected, and of being sent home upon
an adverse decision. H was not for him to defend
these claimants or their agents; but as far as his
experience had extended as a member of the Com-
mittee of Claims, he could say, that so far from
their besieging him, by insisting and pressing their
business upon the attention of the committee in an
improper manner, the contrary was true; and he
had heard no such complaint on the part of the
committee with which he was connected.
But there stdl remained a very serious question
upon this subject—a question which had been sug-
gested by several gentlemen, and which had been
n^^lved in several amendments to the bill, so that
itsHate seemed now to depend on it—the bill did
not. give any final jurisdiction to the board. If re-
quired of the board merely to take testimony, by
examination and cioss-examination of witnesses,
and report their opinion upon the facts, in the shape
of a bill or otherwise; and that their decisions,
being thus ascertained, should be laid beforethe
House for its action. It had been said by the gen-
tleman whose seat was near him, that the bill
should provide for a final adjudication of these
eases; and the same thing had been insisted upon
and was embraced m the amendments by the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Mkape] and the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Psttit.]
Now, with regard to this, it was plain, from
the character of the bill itself, that it must have
respect to a larjse mass of claims which are ad-
dressed to the mere discretion of Congress—to its
sovereign power. When an individual applied to
Congress for a claim not strictly legal in its char-
acter, and rested his appeal solely upon the sense
of justice implanted in the bosom of every "man, it
was not in the power of Congress to turn over the
case of such a person to any tribunal. It was out
of the question to clothe any board of commis-
sioners with the high discretion to be exercised in
such a case; for it would be giving them unlimited
control over the treasury, and hundreds of thou-
sands and millions of dollars might thus be im-
properly drawn from it. His friend asked hirn
whether there had* not been cases in our legislation
where the decision of a board of commissioners
was made final by law? He replied affirmatively;
but these decisions operated only upon cases very
limited as to the amount involved,and very specific
in their character; so that no mistake could pos-
sibly arise out of them. The case to which he
referred was underthe act of 1816; and within two
years after it went into operation, it was found
that even the discretion there delegated would have
to be reduced, anu it was reduced upon the sug-
gestion of Mr. Madison. He repeated, that Con*
grcs could not impart an unlimited control of this
matter; and desiring, as he did, that justice should *
obtain, he could not think that any board of com-
missioneis in this country ought to have final
jurisdiction in these cases. Yet there was a very
"urgent necessity that decisions in these cases might
be facilitated. It was demanded in justice to indi-
vidual citizens of the country; and upon an issue
between the Government and the individual, he
considered it far better that the Government should
suffer than that the individual should be wronged.
Further, to show the unreasonableness of the idea
of granting such a discretion to a board of commis-
sioners, he took the instance of the French claim-
ants, (whose claims he believed to be all just, and
he considered it a most crying injustice that they
had not been paid long ago,) and he felt that no
