300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 19,
man could think that Congress could or would for
a moment seriously consider a proposition to give
to a board of three persons the power to rnalte a
final adjudication upon claims-involving so vast an
amount as five, ten, or 6fteen millions of dollars.
He took also the cases of theTexan, Mexican, and
Californian claims—all involving large amounts
 to show what an enormous discretion was to be
exercised in passing upon them.- ■ He was aware
that gentlemen had said that the exercise of this
discretion should be limited in amount. But that
did not vary the principle at all. He took the case
of a claim amounting to one thousand or five thou-
sand dollars, depending upon a certain principle,
which might be decided upon by this board; and
then supposed, that in the le.pse of Lime a hundred
men came forward, each with a thousand or a
five thousand dollar claim, dependent upon the
same principle upon which the first was decided.
"What he supposed was true. There were many
cases of small amount, all belonging to the same
class, and the principle whiph would decide one
would decide them all. Was it not plain, therefore,*
that the case was not changed by a limitation as to
the amount of the claim to be finally adjudicated ?
Further, in opposition to this principle, he af-
firmed thatit would be utterly impossible to carry
through Congress any proposition to give to a'
board of commissioners the power of final adjudi-
cation upon claims of any amount; and in support
of this assertion, he referred to the fact that such a
proposition was embraced in a bill winch was
brought forward in the House by a former chair-
man^ the Committee on Claims, [Mr. "VKjjt-
tlesey,] and advocated with all his acknowledged
talents and statesmanship; yet it could receive no
countenance in the House. He referred also to a
bill of similar character with that now before the
committee, twhich, about ten years ago, was in-
troduced in the Senate by one of the most distin-
guished lawyers of New England; he referred to
Judge Prentice, of Vermont. Judge Prentice in-
troduced a bill to provide for the settlement of
claims against the Government, and being referred
to the Judiciary Committee of the Senate, it was
reported back in an amended form. A number of
sections were added to the bill by the committee,
and among them was one giving final jurisdiction
to the board upon all claims for any amount less
than dollars.
When the bdl came up for consideration, upon
a thorough discussion of its merits, the provision
for final jurisdiction was stricken out; and when
the bill came up on its final passage in the Senate,
it was passed by thirty yeas to twelve nays. A
copy of that bill was then before him; and he was
gratified to observe that all its principal features
happen to be ingrafted into the bill now before the
committee, and which he hod the honor to intro-
duce at the last cession. It was due to himself,
however, to state, that he knew nothing of the
existence of Judge Prentice's bill till his attention
was diiected to it at the present session. The
'history of these bills was sufficient to convince
him of the impracticability of the principleoftrivmg
final jurisdiction to a board of this sort. When
this principle had been so recently decided against
and condemned upon full discussion in bothHouses
of Congress, it was perfectly idle to talk about its
success.
But it had also been objected to this bill, that it
did not afford the. necessary relief; that it left the
business just where it found it. He differed en-
tirely with gentlemen taking this view. On the.
contrary, it was his decided impression and belief,
that if a measure similar to that which he had pro-
posed were adopted, the country might be entirely
certain of getting some action upon every claim
now before the country by the very first Congress
that might assemble after the system should go
into operation. With reference to the objection on
account of the amount of labor the system would
devolve upon the coramissioneis, he confessed the
force of this; but still it,was not so great but that it
might be encountered. The business had been
accumulating for years; but theie were a few gen-
eral principles the proper application of which, be-
ing once understood, large classes of cases would
be readily determined by them. He referred to
the several classes of claims coming under the
different hoads of invalid Pensions, Revolutionary
Pensions,and Patents, in a short time the board
would become familiar with the proper application
whether almost any claim which might be sub-
mitted to their examination should be allowed or
not. And he had no hesitation at all in saying
that it would not be a difficult thing for the House
to decide upon any case where the facts, the writ-
ten arguments, and the opinion of the board, should
be,alP laid before them. It would only be neces-
sary for them to understand the relation of the
facts reported to these governing principles. For
the investigation of these facts, they might safely
rely wholly upon the board. And then there
would be the advantage of the assurance of obtain-
ino. a hearing on the part of the claimant, and the
advantage of a cross-examination of witnesses on
the pait of the Government. Neither of these ad-
vantages could be said now to have any existence
! Mr. ROCKWELL continued. With regard to
those claims which might be proper subjects of
, legal or equitable cognizance—with respect to these,
i the commissioner would, of course, he subject*to
definite rules; but with rcgaid to those cases which
have to be referred to the natural sense of justice,
I and where they were to report merely the fjjets,
: and an opinion thereon, he could not see how their
| proceedings could he legulatecl otherwise than un-
del' the discretion submitted in the bill.
With regard to what had been said about the
'liability of those commissioners to malfeasance
II and corruption, he would ask whether they could
! be considered as more liable to corruption than
members upon this floor? Or should the House
refuse to give such a tribunal to the country mere-
1 . 1 _ _ .. .i « 4 U A in 1 , \ l-vt I I t TT t A rt n II I. i . — . - S
COUIU SctlU liuw VU iKtvt any 0 IT* * " .
all claims were now either deferred from ' lv on the ground of their liability to corruption?
at all, for  
Congress to Congress, or considered and passed
wholly upon ex parte testimony.
He proceeded to illustrate the facility with
which the rule for a just classification of claims
could be understood and applied m the House,
and to show how it might reach any'particular
case in a general bill reported by the commission-
ers. These bills would partake of the nature of
appropriation bills, but unlike other appropria-
ted bills,^fcght generally be got through upon
debate o^iot more than one or two days; and
every claim would be thus decided upon with
a far gieater probability of justice than could ob-
tain under the present system. Justice was the
great matter, at last; and this, with a prompt
hearing, would be amply secured under the opera-
tion of the svstem proposed.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL interrupted, to
ask whether the opinion or recommendation of the
board of commissioneis, being strangers, should
have more influence on the minds of members
than^an opinion or recommendation reported by a
committee of the House upon any case submitted
for investigation 5
Mr. ROCKWELL replied, that he believed that
the opinion of the commissioners should be entitled
to the highest consideration, because of their su-
perior advantages in the investigation. The com-
mittee had not the same oppoitumty for critical
examination into facts; they had not the opportu-
nity of hearing both sides. Jludi alteram partem
was the principle that should obtain in all these
cases, and the commissioners would be best able
to apply it. They would not only hear both sides,
but they would have the opportunity of making a
thorough cross-examination of witnesses. With
reference to the objection about the reversal of
I these reports, that, lie said, was not the main evil;
I for there were very few cases where the decision
j of the House had been wrong, after full Sebate.
| Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, interrupted
I here to inquire whether there was to be any limit
fixed to the discretion of these commissioners, in
their application of principles, whether of law,
equity, or justice?
! Mr. ROCKWELL would answer thegentleman
when he had disposed of the former question.
The evil complained of was, not that the decisions
of the committee were, reversed in the House, but ,
it was the opeiation of the rule, by which claim- |i
! ants were put off from year to year by the will of |i
I a single member rising in his place and saying, j
■ "I object," "I object." Thus it was that many j
I claims could not be reached for a long series of !j
| years. _ I
| With regard to the question of the gentleman |j
' from Mississiopi, he said, if this boaid weie to .
have final jurisdiction of the cases coming before j
j them, piecise rules for their direction would have j!
, to be defined. But when it was the duty of the j
board merely to ascertain and define the facts and ^
bearings of the case, it would be useless to define
rules for their direction, for they could not be ob-
' served. They could not proceed in many of the
cases submitted, either upon the principles of law
■ or chancery practice, from the very nature of the
case; and it would be as impossible to restrict them
in this respect as it would be to restrict a commit-
tee of this House.
Upon the same plea, the Government might refuse
to allow of the adjudication of any claim against
I it. It was the same as to say, because there may
! be a wrong decision, there shall be no trial,
i He repeated now what he had said on a former
occ^flKm, that ours was almost the only civilized
I couwffy in which there was not a tribunal .to ad-
1 judicate claims against the Government. Some
I such tribunal was to be found in all civilized com-
munities; and the gentleman who asserted that
i Great Britain was an exception to this statement,
! was mistaken. Even Great Britain had a tribunal
: where suit might be brought against the Crown.
He regarded it as the duty of eviry Government
■ to furnish some such tribunal—as much so as it
j was to furnish tribunals for the adjustment of
' claims between individuals. The idea that the
; citizen should so humble himself before the Gov-
I ernment as that he dare not assert his right, was
I monstrous, and wholly repugnant to justice, as it
; was to the spirit of republicanism. This principle
!' stood at the very foundation of government, and
;! its administration was observed by many of the
ruder nations of the earth, and even by the Indian
' tribes of tills country. He did not consider it
, either prudent or safe for any Government oil the
!j globe to deny this right to its citizens; and the
l| time would come when the people would not en-
dure it. If the present bill was not right in prin-
ciple, it should be made light. Gentlemen could
perceive that the time was approaching when some-
• i •    ovM-t  t wBvo Vitjffpr to nHrvnr.
thing must be done; and it were better to adopt
some measure of relief, though it might be an im-
perfect one, than to submit longer to the existing
difficulty with reference to the settlement of claims
against, the Government. He d(d most earnestly
hope that gentlemen would determine upon some-
thing, and that some measure might be adopted for
the remedy of this crying evil, at the present ses-
sion.
When Mr. R. had fulfilled the hour-
Mr. MURPHY moved that the committee rise.
Mr. HARALSON simultaneously made the
satne motion.
Mr. VINTON desiied to inquire of the chair-
man whether, by the order of the House, debate
had not been brought to an end on this bill with
the speech just made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims who had reported the bill?
The CHAIRMAN answered affirmatively.
Mr. VINTON said, then, as there was nothing
more to be done but to vote, he hoped the com-
mittee would go on and dispose of the bill.
Mr. MURPHY said, that with that understand-
ing, he would withdraw his motion that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. HARALSON renewed it.
And the question having been taken and decides
in the affirmative, the committee rose and reported
progress.
Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported correct cer-
tain lulls, which received the signature of the
Speaker.
DEFICIENCIES IN APPROPRIATIONS-
Mr. VINTON said the Committee of Ways and
Means had instructed him to report back the bill
making appropriations " to supply deficiencies in
X',Jr. THOMPSON repeated his question. From | appreciations for the service of the fiscal year
_ .  .. i-ii  !  i T.,«0 iSMQ >> thp.ir con-
of these principles, and he able to dccide readily .1 were to be defined?
the terms of the bill it appeared that the commis-
sioners must form an opinion upon every case,
either favorable or unfavorable. Was there any
limit to their discretion, whether they shall decide
upon the principles of law, equity, or justice? and
he desired also to know whether these principles
ending the thirtieth June, 1849," with their con-
currence in the amendments made thereto by tne
Senate, with one fcmall amendment.
It was important that the departments should be
in possession of some of the means provided by
this bill, and he asked leave, therefore, to report
it at this time.
