1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
He would also ask the House to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for
the purpose of passing upon the amendments.
The bill having been reported, and read by its
title—
Mr. VINTON supposed, he said, that it was
necessary it should go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in view of the
amendments which had been made by the Senate.
The SPEAKER said, that the Ho use by unani-
mous consent might act on the amendments with-
out commitment.
And no objection having been made—
The amendments of the Senate were read, and,
as amended in the unimportant particular designa-
ted by Mr. Vinton, were concurred in.
Whereupon, the House adjournd.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred:
By Mr. DARLTNG: The petition of John Cummins, oid-
nanco sergeant United States army at Foit Ciawtonl, lor
the usual extra allowance winch is made to commissioned
ofiicets for doing th<  duties of acting a^-tantcomiuiss.-ir^ ot
€ub.<Ht«Mice.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of Collins Beaum and
oilier shipping merchants and owners ot v< satis on the
lake*. for a light-ship at the enhance ot the Niagara river.
BvMr. PECK: The petition of George Howeband others,
of Montpeher, Vermont, for cheap postage.
By Mi. PEASLKE : The petition ot Benjamin Wadleigh,
and many other citizens oi Sutton, in the State ol New
Hamp-hue, asking tot reduced and umfoiin idtes of post-
age, and the abolition of the franking privilege.
"By Mr. WENTWOllTH : The petition ot citizens of Illi-
nois for the passage ot a law prohibiting the tiaflic in public
JaiuU, and for the laying them out in farms tui the u^e ot
actual settlors.
By Mi. STUART, of Michigan: The petition of Edward
Evans, of Michigan, a soldiei of the Revolution, tor a pen-
sion.
Bv Mr. MANN", of Massachusetts : The petition of John
Bin bank arid one hundred and >eventy-lwo otheis, of Mas-
sachusetts;, in behalf of cheap postage.
By Mr. PETTJT: The petition of Mrs. Hannah Albert-
son and sixty-four other ladies of Amt-njca, toi the ielea.se
from slavciy of alt of then sex in the United States. Aif.o, the
$jeti!ion ot Hon. J. Na>lor, and othei*-, of Montgomery
county, Indiana, for the icduction of postage.
By Air. SMART: The remonstrance ol Hon. William G.
•Ctosby, and two hundied and-thirtv-^ix other-, against the
dismemberment of the Belfast collection di-tnct, (or the
purpose of foiming a new distnct, with principal poit at
£a«t Thoma-ton, Maine.
By Mr UATHCARr: The pennon of John Rush, J. L.
Jemegan, and ninety-six other citizen's of Indiana, piaviug
that '• propet and etiicient laws m ly be enacted to prohibit
forever tin* existence ol slavery in the Temtoriea of the
United States '' ANo, one of a like character, signed by
Guy Johnson, ErastUi Beach, and seventy otiiei ciii/etia of
Indiana.
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of Esther M Fairbank
and 74 otheis, of North A-hburnham, M.issaeiiusett-; al«<>,
of Maicv Bryant and 40 other-;, of VVe^t Stockbjidn'e, Mas-
sachusetts; also, of Alma Lwnari and 52 others, ot Middle-
town. Con necticut,sevei ally praying Confess to pi event the
extension of plav^iy, to witlidraw protection from the Ameri-
can slave tiade, and to >uppiess slavery w herever Congie^
competent jun-dietion. Also, the memorial oi Benjamin
Thompson, jr., and D. F. Davidson, of Boston, Mat-achu-
setts, prajing restitution ol tonnage duties illegally collected
at the port of Laguna, in Mexico.
By Mi. TALLMADGE. The memonal of 136 citizen^ of
New York, for a redaction of postage. Also, the m< mortal
of Francis A. Carpenter and others, citizens ofLanca>ter
county, Penn-ylvania, asking the adoption of the plan pro-
po-j'd by Charles Wilkes, E-q , for the formation of a railroad
from the Mi-somi fo the Pacific.
By A! r. GRUVNELL : The petition of Goiham Lovell and
many otheis-, citizens of Bai notable, Massachusetts, asking
lor a reduction ol' po-ta«e and the abolition of the franklin
privilege. Al-o, the petition of Atkins Dyer, for ieturn of
foreign tonnage money paid by him.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 20, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. STARKWEATHER gave notice of a mo*
tion for leave to introduce a bill for the reiief of
Robert B. White.
Mr. NICOLL gave notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a joint resolution to authorize'a dis-
tribution of books and documents to the Free
Academy of the city of New York.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the-
Whole on the state of the Union, to resume the
consideration of the bill to establish a board for
the settlement of private claims. He waived the
motion, however, for a moment, at the request of—
Mr. DANIEL, on whose motion it was
Ordered, That leave be grained for the withdiawal of the
patent of W. W. Giay from the papers heretofore reft-ired
to the Committee on Patents.
# EXTRA .PAY TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. ROBINSON, asked the unanimous consent
'of the Hou&e to introduce a bill, to winch he
trusted * there would be no objection; which, he
said, was rendered necessary by the construc-
tion which had been placed by the War Depart-
ment upon the act of 19th July last, which pro-
vided for extra pay to the volunteers of the Mex-
ican war, who had served during the term for
whioh they enlisted, and received an honoiabie
discharge. It was well known that in the first place,
the volunteers had enlisted for twelve months only,
and had received an honorable discharge ; that at
the end of that time many had reenlistcd to serve
duripg the war, and at its expiiation had again
been honorably discharged. The War Derail-
ment, however, had decidcd that those who had
served during the two campaigns should receive
their extra pay fpr but one 
Mr. ROCKWELL interposed, and insisted on
his motion; which being agreed to by ayes 88,
noes 28-r-
BOARD TO SETTLE PRIVATE CLAIMS.
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union, (Mr. Burt, of
South Carolina, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to establish a board for the
settlement of private claims.
The hour allotted to debate having expired, the
committee proceeded to vote.
The first section of the bill provides as follows:
That a board for the settlement of claims against the Uni-
ted States be, and the same i* heV-by, constituted and estab-
lished, to consist ol ihiee eommis.-ioneis, to be appointed b\
the Piesiderit by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate. Thesaid commit-noner- shall -everally take an oath
before a. judge of the cucuit comt of the United States for
the District of Columbia, faithfully and impartially to execute
the duties of his ofLce to the best ot his judgment and abiliu;
and each coimn^sioner shall lettrn! a compendium of
S'3,500 per annum, to be paid quatteily from the treasuiv of
the United States.
Mr. HAMPTON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the first section so as to provide that the act
should take effect "from and after the 4th Julv\
1849." Agreed to.
Mr. CUMMINS had moved to amend this sec-
tion, by adding at the end thereof the following:
And that the tei m ol otnee ol said eoinmisSioneis shall be
four \eai.-, utiles toi sufficient cause the ', orejibei ol them,
shall be sooner removed hoin said otiice by the Piesidem
ot the United States.
The question pending was on the amendment.
It was waived, however, for the present; and
Mr. PUTNAM offered an amendment, to add
at the end of the section the following, which Was
rejected^
And*the,oonimi>pioners may appoint a clerk for the said i
board, who shail be subject to removal at their pleasure,and
shall take the kko oath aforesaid a«-*ueh clerk, and be enti-
tled to a salai} or dollais per annum.
Mr. VAN DYKE moved an amendment, to re-
duce the salary of the commissioners from $3,500
to ^2,500, Rejected.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to amend by striking
out the word " settlement" and inserting " exami-
nation."
As the section now stood, (he said,) it conveyed
the idea that the decision of the boaid was to be
final, whereas it was only a recommendation to
Congress. He wished this part of the section to
conform to the general provisions of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to. ' ;
Mr. KAUFMAN moved to reduce the com- j
pensation of the commissioners to §3,000. Re-{
jected—ayes 54, noes 63. !
The question then lecurred on the amendment !
of Mr, Cttmmixs. i
Mr. CUMMINS, in explanation, said that his j
amendment proposed two things: the fitst was, i
to limit the tenure of the office to four years; the j
next was, to throw some control over the officers j
whilst their office continued, in case of miscon- 1
duct, or incompetency, or other cause, the mcum- 1
bent could then be removed from office. This
control, he thought, the Government ought to hold |
over every office. As the bill now stood, the office ]
was a life office. No means were provided for
impeachment or removal. This was not congenial '
with the principles upon which the Government |
was administered. The office should be limited to j
some reasonable term. He supposed four years to j
be such a term. If, after they had served four 1
years, the officets should be found competent, they |
could be reappointed. He thought that in the two 1
particulars he has designated, the bill was clearly
deficient.
Mr. C., at the request of Mr. Rockwell, of Con-
necticut, yielded the floor.
Mr. ROCKWELL suggested that he supposed
no action of this House could control the consti-
tutional right of the President of the United States
to remove these officers. He wished that it could
be so. But he supposed that the right of the Presi-
dent, in this respect, had been established, from
the origin of the Government to the present time.
In the first Congress it was a subject of debate
whether the Presidenrhad, or had not, the implied
power to remove officers.
The hammer fell, (Mr. Cummins's time having
expired.)
Mr. ROCKWELL (pro forma) moved to amend
the amendment by striking out " four years," and
inserting " ten."
He was about, he said, to remark, that he sup-
posed it to have been settled, ever since the first
Congress after the adoption of the Constitution of
the United States, (hat the power of the President
to remove was a power incident to the power of
appointment, except in those cases which were
expressly provided for in the Constituiin. From
that time to Ihe present, the power han been con-
j stantly exercised with reference to officers for a
. specific term, as well as to those appointments
I which were made without any limitation whatever.
The provision in the bill was precisely the same
which existed in relation to the heads of depart-
ments, the Comptroller, Auditors, &e. There
no limitation whatever. The power of re-
u^s
moval was incident to the power of appointment.
Congress could not control it; therefore, such a
provision was not necessary.
Mr. MULLIN moved to amend the amendment
by striking out all after the word u years."
Mr. M. said, that if the President had the power*
claimed by the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
'Rockwell,] this clause would be entirely un-
necessary. It seemed to him that it was clearly
so, or if not unnecessary, that it-was improper.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Mullin was agreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Cummins—
Mr. PECK offered the following substitute:
At the end of line 14, insert—
And that of the commis-ionerf- first appointed under this
act, one s-hall hold In- office for two Mai-, one for four
years, and one for six jears.; and thev «hali, at their first
meeting fot the purpo-e of organ izatuuvletei mine b> Jot their
le-pocnve tei iris ol -eiviee. Comn)H?ioneisappointed tin re-
after shall hold their office lor six years, unless when
appointed to fill a vacancy happening otherwise than by the
expiration of the term of s-ervice of their piedecessors, in
which case thev shall hold their office for the lesidue of such
predecessor' unexpired term.
Mr. CUMMINS inquired if it was not in order
to perfect the amendment, before taking the vote
on the substitute?
The Chair having so decided—
Mr. CUMMINS moved to amend, by striking
out from the amendment the word "four," and in-
serting "three." 0
Mr. C., in explanation, satu that his object was
to reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Rockwell.] That gentleman
maintained, that in all cases where officers are
nominated by the President and confirmed by the
Senate, and in which no definite period or term of
years is fixed by the Constitution or law creating
the office, in such cases the officer thus appointed
holds his office at the will of the President, and
may by him be lemoved, with or without cause.
He further maintained, that this point was made
and decided at an early period in the history of
this Government. He (Mr. C.) did not at this
time propose to discuss the theory of the tenuie
of offices of appointees by the President, nor the
power of the President to remove at will in such
cases. It was his purpose rather to present the
question in a practical than a theoretical point of
view. In cases where the office was purely polit-
ical, or closely connected with political opinions
and movements, as in the heads of departments,
where the appointees formed the President's privy
counselors and constitutional advisers, there he
granted that removals would be made with every
change of administration. But in cases where the
offices were not political, but of a business char-
acter, and where the incumbent had sagacity
enough to conceal his political opinions, and to be
