308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• Jan. 20,
all things to all men, and nothing long, notwithstand-
ing be might be incompetent to discharge the duties
of the office, either from want of capacity, want of
industry, or want of integrity, yet he would have
his friends and adherents to stand by him, and it
would be found difficult to have him removed
without raising the cry of proscription for opin-
ion 'a sake. Limit the tenure of the office to a fixed
period, and when it expired, if there be well-
founded objections to his reappointment, it would
be much easier and a more agreeable duty for the
President to select from the citizens of the nation
a belter and more competent man, than it would
be to remove one man to make a place for another.
Experience had proved the truth of this position.
There were men now in office who had been there
for many years, who, when they were appointed,
were worthy and competent, but who, by the lapse
of time, had become incapacitated for the duties of
the places they fill, and by leason of whose incom- j
petency the public interests suffered. If the tenure i
of these offices had a legal terminus, these incom-
petent men would not be reappointed, but better
men would take their places. He was opposed to
creating life offices, or offices without legal limit.
He desirq^ to keep^the control of public officers in
the hands of the people or their representatives;
and he would vote for no bill that created a perpe-
tuity.
Mr. CUMMINS withdrew his amendment.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Peck.
Mr. PECK briefly explained and sustained his
amendment. — j
And the question having been taken thereon~he !
amendment was agreed to. ;
The question then recurred on the original !
amendment of Mr. Cummins, as thus amended. j
And the question having been taken thereon, j
the amendment as amended was agreed to. i
Mr. DUER now proposed to amend the first j
section by an amendment embracing a part of the ,
amendment he had heretofore offered as a substi- i
tute for the bill, and which had been printed. But
he waived his motion for the present.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
the first section as follows:
That if any mi'mber of Congress shall appear, or offer to
npp'*ar us counsel or attorn*'}, or otherwise aid any claimant
in establishing any claim or claims against tlu: (Tinted States
before sa at hoard of '■<a:iiiii^ionfr1-, tile seat of such inctn-
ber shall be vacated, and the inemher rendered ineligible the
remainder of the tsim for which he was elected.
Mr. JOHNSON (in explanation) said that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. DucrI (and which the gentleman in-
f infed to offer as a whole) was designed to secure
the interests of th  United Stales. He (Mr. J.)
had offered this amendment with a view to carry
out that idea.
Ho had somewhere, read, upon high authority
he thought, that we should not be led into tempta-
tion, One thing manifest to all: if this board
. was established, meinbersofCongress would becm-
ployed to appeai' before it, to prosecute the claims
of parties. As tlm matter now stood, with the
Committee on Claims to act upon these cases, an
individual would scarcely be bold enough to ap-
proach a member of Congress and offer a fee for
the successful prosecution of the claim; but if this
business, was transferred to a board of commis-
sioners, members of Congress could appear as
agents or attorneys, could go before the board,
and the individual say, I will give, not a bribe,
buta certain amount ofcompensation. He thought
members of Congress should be kept out of this
business; 'f they were not, they would monopolize
all the business of this new court. It was opening
the door to corruption—it was offering an oppor-
tunity to members of Congress to receive bribes in
the shape of fees. He would apply the same rule
to members that was applied to lawyers practising
in the courts of the States. As an evidence of the
propriety of some such rule, he adverted to no-
tices which, he said, even members of Congress
had put in the nevv-snaoers, proposing to prosecute
claims against the Government of the United
States. If this court was established, it was, as
he had said, merely transferring the business of
the Committee on Claims to the board of commis-
sioners; and gentlemen knew that these consider-
ations must exercise an influence over the minds
of members when the cases were brought up
here.
Mr. VUNTON moved to amend the amendment
as follows:
And all contracts with any peison for :i share of the
claim for his services in prosecuting the same shall be abso-
lutely null and void.
Mr. YINTON, in explanation, said that he did
not know but that there might possibly be some
sucli evil to be apprehended as the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] seemed to anticipate.
But he (Mr. V.) had long suspected that there was
a much greater evil existing in regard to the/cases
of claimants that we re brought before this House.
Gentlemen had all heard the rumors that^were
abroad, that the agents who surrounded this House
in the prosecution of claims were carrying on v. haj
was called champerty; that was to say, that!" they
were prosecuting these claims for a share of the pro-
ceeds, and that share oflen the lion's share (as it
was called.) If a board was to be established, and
that board was to be surrounded by agents, he
would adopt the rule which was made applicable
by the common law of the States and by the statutes
of almost all of them, in respect to the attorneys
who might prosecute these claims. He had drawn
up his amendment hastily, but with a view to test
the sense of the committee. If the committee should
think that a proviso of this kind ought to go into
the bill, they could give it such shape and form as
they thought proper.
Mr. JOHNSON said he would accept the amend-
ment as a modification of his amendment.
Mr. VINTON withdrew his amendment, ex-
pressing his intention to offer it again hereafter.
Mr. JOHNSON renewed the amendment which
was offered and just withdrawn by Mr. Vinton.
I Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to amend the
amendment of Mr. Johnson., by striking out all
that part which provided that members of Congress
should be rendered ineligible for the remainder of
the term for which they were elected.
Mr. HALL was of opinion, he said, that Con-
j gross had no right to prescribe such disqualifica-
: tions as these upon members of Congress.
| The question was taken, and the amendment of
' Mr. Hall was rejected.
The question then recurring on the amendment
i of Mr. Johnson—
! Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out all that part which preceded
the provision in relation to contracts. He said
he did it on the ground that the two branches of
Congress could not declare the seat of a member
of this House vacant, nor declare a man ineligible
1 to a seat here. The Constitution gave to each
1 House the power to judge of the elections, returns,
< and qualifications of® its own members.
j The amendment to the amendment w® .agreed
! to.
The amendments amended was agreed to.
| Mr. "WOODWARD moved an amendment, to
; add at the end of the section the following;
- That it shall not tie tavvlul for any member of Congiess,
or other officer of any department of the Coveinmcnt,-to he
retained or employed as agent, attorney, or solicitor in the
piosecution ot any cloirn against the United States. And if
; anv sucll member of Congress or other officer of the Gov-
i eminent shall be ivtnniej, or piesume to act, a1, tueh agent,
i attorney, or solicitor, or hold council with any member of
I ttlc boa'id of commissioners herein established, with a view
! to influence the action oi judgment ot the boaid upon any
1 claim before it, the pally so ofiendimr shall be deemed jxuiltv
of a misdemeanor, and, upon conviction thereof, thai! be
i fined ill a sum not exceeding $2,001).
He said he offered this amendment to strike at
! the root of the evil. The evil was, not that the
1 claimant paid an attorney or solicitor, but that he
employed an attorney or solicitor out of this
j House or the other, or out of any of the branches
! of the executive department. If the Government
j was corrupted by allowing a claimant to purchase
1 such services, it would do very little good to give
him a chance of escaping payment; if he bar-
' gained to pay he ought to pay, although the ser-
; vice were proeuied corruptly. He would not screen
: the claimant from this burden, but he would pro-
1 hibil and prevent the immoral and corrupt practice.
. Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the amendment
! by adding at the end thereof the following:
[ And in default of payment of said fine, he shall be impris-
j oned in the jail of the District of Columbia foi a term of
! not less than ninety days, nor more than twelve months.
I Some irregular conversation took place, in the
j course of which Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsyl-
j vania, expressed his dissent from the provisions of
| both the amendment and the amendment to the
i amendment, on the ground that they were an im-
peachment of the honor and integrity of members
of Congress; and Mr. ASHMUN suggested to
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Bowlin] so to
modify his amendment as to provide that if, at the
expiration of the term of imprisonment, the fine
should not be paid, the member of Congress or
other officer be sold at public auction to the highest
bidder for the payment thereof.
The amendmentofMr. BOWLIN to the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, moved to amend
the amendment by striking out the words " any
member of Congrfes or, "and said he did not
perceive the propriety of the amendment offered
by the honorable memher from South Carolina,
so far, at least, as it applied to members of Con-
gress. What occasion was there for it? The
board of commissioners to be established under
this bill, in case it should be adopted and become
a law, are to preside as judicial officers in the in-
vestigation and adjudication of claims against the
Government, and all the proceedings before it are
to be transacted in public. What reason, then,
could there be for the restriction sought to be im-
posed by this amendment upon members of Con-
giess? and why should they be excluded from
appearing before it for the prosecution of claims as
legal counsellors of the claimants? For his patt,
he could not see the justice or necessity of their
exclusion, although it seemed to be a very general
opinion through the House that some restriction
of this nature would be proper. If it was to be
supposed, as seemed to be assumed in the amend1-
ment, that members may be corrupted by their
contact with these claimants, the remedy was not
to be found in this amendment; and he thought it
would be better to change the penalty proposed
by it, by providing, that if any member should
appear before the" board for the prosecution of
any claim, he should thereby forfeit his right to
vote on any annropriation to satisfy the claim,
in the event that it should be allowed by the
commissioners. Indeed, he thought it would be
better, if gentlemen were fearful .that members may
be corrupted by their connection with claimants
against the Government, to provide, by a standing
rule of the House, that no member should be allowed
to vote as such in favor of a claim of any constit-
uent of his district, or in favor of any claim which
he had been engaged, either here or elsewhere, in
urging through Congress. If there was any dan-
ger of corruption in the case, gentlemen, he thought,
would discover, on reflection, that it did not exist
in the open proceeding^ of a judicial board of pub-
lic officers, but rather in those secret transactions
which were not contemplated in the amendment.
With these views, he should vote against the
amendment of the gentleman from South Carolina.
He withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HILLIARD renewed the amendment, and
expressed the opinion, that if the adjudication of
the board was to be final, there could be no objec-
tion to members of Congress prosecutmgclaims be-
fore it. In many instances it might be a matter of
great convenience to their constituents to be allowed
to intrust the prosecution of their claims to them
in preference to other counsel, with whom they
might not be acquainted. He hoped the bill would
be so amended as to make the adjudication of the
board final; if so, there could be no necessity for
the prohibition. But, as the bill now stood, the
proposed prohibition upon members of Congress
was just, as otherwise they would afterwards be
called to act as judges upon claims which they
had previously prosecuted as advocates before the
board.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, moved to
amend the amendment, by striking out the words
"presume to." He said a member might be
presumed to act as counsel when he laid papers
before the board.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the com-
mittee rise. Rejected.
Mr. HILLIARD moved to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out that part which provided for
the punishment of members of Congress, and in-
serting in lieu thereof a provision that they should
he deprived of the right of voting upon said claims
when they came before Congress. _
He remarked that he considered it in very bad
taste to enact severe penalties against members ot
Congress. Simply to deprive them of the right
