312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22,
in terms of indignity and contumely, those other
States should know it; and we ought to know it
under the high sanction which these resolutions
bring the sanction of their constituted authorities.
Sir, this question is thickening "upon us every day.
We can shiif our eyes to it no longer; and I, as
one of the representatives of a sovereign State of
this Confederacy where this institution exists, am
happy to announce that the people of that State—
the State of Virginia—are aroused and alive upon
this subject. Why, sir, it may be, ai^l if report
is to be trusted, the State of Virginia will addiess
herself to the Senate of the United States before
this week passes; and if'ehe does, I shall ask for
the State ofVirginia what I believe has always
been conceded to every State, that her resolutions
—be they what they may—shall be received, re-
spected, and printed for the use of the Senate.
Sir, I do not mean to go into this question at
all, now; but I would submit to the honorable
Senator from I\ev/ York, [Mr. Dix,] who, as in
duty bound, has submitted these resolutions to the
Senate, whether or not the people of New Yoik,
in this matter, have drawn a distinction between
intermeddling in matters over which they have no
control, in expressing their opinion in relation to
the peculiar institution of other States, that it is a
spectacle revolting to the spirit of the age—or
whether we are to draw a distinction between such
uncalled-for interference coming from the State of
New York, and the action of the people of the
District of Columbia—a people of another com-
munity, who meet and deliberate upon matters of
common interest and express themselves upon
their own institutions in the language which we
have heard read ? The people of Florida. or Lou-
isiana may meet in general assemblies and discuss
among themselves the merits of this institution as
they think proper; and they may speak of it in
language of approbation or condemnation, without
insult to any one. But when a State where this
institution no longer exists—although it did exist
there—characterizes it as an institution presenting
a spectacle revolting to the spirit of-the age, and
that, too, when it exists in filteen of the States of
the Confederacy, and cherished—yes, cherished,
sir, by many of them—I say, sir, such language
is language of contumely and indignity.
Mr. DIX. If the Senator from Virginia will
allow me, I would state that there is no reference
in these resolutions to the institution of domestic
slavery as it exists in the States. As one State of
the Union, however, the Legislature of the State
of New York say that it would be revolting to the
spirit of the age to extend it into new territory
where it does not now exist, and where the inhab-
itants themselves have already petitioned and pro-
tested against it.
Mr. IvtASON. I do not mean to question either
the taste or the courtesy of the State of New York,
but I submit it to the American people whether
such language as has been presented to the Senate
in these resolutions with reference to an institu-
tion now existing in and protected by the laws,
and participated m by tire people of sister States
of this Confederacy, stating that the extension of
this mstitutibn wot®! be revolting to the spirit of
the age, does not import that the institution itself
is revolting ?
I mean, sir, to make no allusion to the State of
New York about its right to say what it pleases,
but I desire that those sayings shall go forth to the
southern States, and that they shall understand the
position it takes and the language it enunciates
upon the question at issue. Every step taken by
the North in this matter is interesting to us. Every
sentiment put forth by the properly constituted au-
thorities representing the people of the States upon
this question is of interest to us. If these senti-
ments are the sentiments of the people of New
York, or the people of Maine, or of all the othei
northern States, and are so expressed by formal
resolutions of their several Legislatures, it is due
to the safety of the southern States that tiiey know
it, and know it, too, in the very bmguage in which
they are spoken. I think, sir, it is absolutely ne-
cessary to the preservation of our rights that we
should have this knowledge. •
So far as my judgment goes, or my knowledge I
of the opinions of the people I represent here ex-
tends, if the measuie here alluded to—of interdict- !
ing slavery hi the Territories, which are the com- j
nion property of the several States of the Union— 1
is persisted m, theic will be no other alternative
but submission or resistance. And, sir, I refer to
the history of that portion of the country which
I represent, to know whether the people there will
pass willingly under the yoke. Sir, let the reso-
lutions be printed; let them go abroad; let them be
widely distributed among the people of the slave-
holding States of the Union, in the language in
which they are uttered, under the high sanction of
the constituted authorities of the State from which
they emanate.
I am sorry to have trespassed upon the time of
the Senate, but I confess I cannot but feel deep
regret, mortification, and distress, that here, where
we ail convene as equals, a sister State should ad-
dress itself to her confederates in language like that
presented in the resolutions of the State of New
York. I have no right to question their power thus
to speak; I do not oppose it in the slightest degree.
I say, let them go lorth; let them be published as
they have come to us, and let the people of the
Union understand their purport and design.
Mr. RUSK. I shall certainly vote for the print-
ing of these resolutions, as I desire them to be read
in both sections of the Union—in the North as well
as in the South. I cannot shut my eyes to the
improper character of these resolutions. I will
not say that the State of New York has not a right
to say what she pleases upon this subject, but 1
feel bound to express my honest conviction that
the opinions here expressed are improper in their
character, and that she has undertaken, in these
resolutions, to interfere with matters that do not
come rightfully under her jurisdiction. And I re-
gret to see one of her representatives lending his
aid, as he has done to some extent in a state of
excited feeling, to carry out a plan invented first
by fanatics, and afterwards taken up by disap-
pointed politicians, which in its efiects is calculated,
if it does not shake this Union to its centre, at least
to produce a state of estrangement between one
section of the l-lepublic and the other These use-
less and unnecessary agitations, which are contin-
ually arising from the intermeddling of individuals
and communities with aitairs which do not prop-
erly come under their control, are calculated, m
the opinion of many wiser men than 1 am, to im-
pair the bonds of the Union. It is, to say the
least, calculated to produce an estrangement of
feeling between the diiferent sections of the Union,
and can result in no good, none upon earth. What
jurisdiction, let me ask, has the Legislature of
New York over the existence of slavery? None
whatever. And if she had been disposed to act
with moderation and in a proper spirit, and m con-
formity with the spirit of the Constitution—if she
had refrained from calumniating and insulting a
portion of the American people with whom she is
bound by the ties of common interest and social
affection—she would have adhered with faithful
tenacity to the spirit and letter of the Constitution,
and desisted from taking to herself any jurisdiction
of the subject of slavery in the new Territories.
Upon the isolated principle of theinteiest which,
as one of the States of the Union, she possesses in
these new territories, she claims the right to deprive
fifteen other States of this Union of the equal en-
joyment and possession of such territory. Sir, did
New York alone fight the battles or achieve the
victories that conduced to the conquest of this ter-
ritory ? 1 desire to make 110 invidious distinctions,
sir. I would be glad, could I so discharge my
duty, to refrain from the utterance of one word that
would offend the sensibilities of any individual,
however remote might be the section of the Union
in which he lives; but, sir, when individuals will
thus interfere, it must be expected that that inter-
ference will meet with opposition, and that it will
create and engender discussion.
Sir, did New York send her armies and conquer
these Territories alone? No, sir. The little State
of Texas, but recently admitted into the Union,
and whose entire sovereignty she seeks by these
lesolutions to swallow up, furnished more men in
the battle-fields of Mexico, and in the acquisition
of these Territories, than did the sovereign State
of New York. The records of the War Depart-
ment will show this, sir. Upon this subject she
had no discretion. As one of the thirty States of
this Union, she took part in the conquest of these
Territories. She did her duty, and no one objects
to it. She furnished, perhaps, all the men called
for by the President of the United States. We
have acquired them in common; and therefore,
when she comes to the Congress of the United ;
States and utters language calculated to shake the
Union from one end to the other—when she comes
here and gives expression to sentiments calculated
to exclude fifteen of these States of the Union from
a jomtand rightful possession of propertyacquired
by the common blood and treasure of all, it is
not to be expected that propositions so insulting
are to be passed over in silence. And yet, sir
this is just the position the State of New York
has assumed in. these resolutions. And what is
her assumption or declaration in reference to the
settlement of the boundary of Texas, but the
assumption of the right of State sovereignty?
What is it but a direct interference with concerns
that do not come under her jurisdiction?
And, sir, upon what does she base her inter-
ference in this matter? W-hy, upon a certain po-
tent petition said to emanate from the citizens of
New Mexico. A most potent petition, sir, of the
citizens of New Mexico! And who are they?
From the information that has come to my knowl-
edge, I am satisfied that this petition emanates
from a few individuals of not very immaculate
reputation, who have come together and concocted
its contents from political and sinister motives.
Sir, m my opinion, when the authenticity and re-
sponsibility of the signers of this petition come to
be investigated, they will be found to comprise cer-
tain followers and hangers-on to the army, who
got it up, with its restriction in relation to slavery,
for political and selfish purposes. It was to fur-
ther their political schemes that they got it up.
And, sir, they have done more. They have estab-
lished a newspaper, in which they ridicule and
deride the institution of slavery, in old and hack-
neyed terms, as the evil of the age. I remember
to have seen one of the numbers of the paper, in
which the authorities of the State of Texas are
threatened with Lynch law if they dare to come
i there and assert jurisdiction.
This petition beais to my mind no conclusive
evidence of its being a spontaneous emanation of
the feelings and desires of the citizens of New Mex-
ico. It is surrounded by circumstances that war-
rant the conclusion that it is not an express decla-
ration put forth by the citizens of New Mexico in
general assembly represented. The language, sir,
therein contained is not the language of the people
of New Mexico, m my humble opinion. It hears
to my mind the marks of a much more intelligent
paternity. It is, to my mind, manufactured do-
mestic thunder, calculated not to agitate so much
the people of Texas as to operate upon the differ-
ent sections of the Union, and to get the signers
ingratiated into the favor of the northern section
of the Union, and the agitators and movers in the
matter into office.
There is another motive which appears. It seems
these individuals had been without law, save such
as they made themselves, and that they were gov-
erned by an alcalde, whose position enabled him
to dispense many offices and emoluments. An or-
der was issued by this Government that he should
only occupy that office for a short time, not over a
year. His time had almost expired when Colonel
Washington was ordered there for the purpose of
taking possession, and instituting a regular gov-
ernment over the country. It was about ttiat time,
or perhaps a few days before Colonel Washington
arrived, and when the alcalde was about to be de-
| prived of his office, that these signers bethought
1 themselves of this sin of domestic slavery, by action
upon which they hoped to arouse the prejudices of
a large portion of the people of the Union, and
thus get to themselves notoriety and perhaps emol-
| ument. Mark you, sir, there were no clamors
about the authority of Texas, or- the great sin of
slavery, prior to this proposed change m the gov-
j ernment of New Mexico. And there is one thing
in thi3 petition to which I would call the attention
of the Senate, and which goes to strengthen my
| opinion as to the desire of these petitioners to
: obtain office; and that is, that they ask for a gov-
! ernment purely civil. To be sure, in attributing
these motives and designs to these petitioners, I
have judged only from those means of information
• upon the subject that are attainable by every Sen-
j ator. The petition was presented by two highly
[ respectable members of the Senate; but these mem-
! bers are of course not responsible for the correct-
j ness of the document. We all know, however,
[ that the remarks presented by those gentlemen
could not have been the basis of the action of the
New York Legislature. It is the petition itself,
