1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
this manufactured domestic thunder, that theLegis-
lature of New York takes up and forms an opinion
upon; and therefore it is she becomes an advocate
of an injured people, and talks of their being about
to pass under the yoke of slavery. Yes, sir, after
digesting the contents of this petition, she now
throws herself in the breach to save the oppressed
people of New Mexico from the Heaven-daring
sin of slavery, and from the ravenous claws of
Texas! She now becomes the champion of these
persecuted individuals, to save them from these
direful calamities! I would, sir, that these much-
distressed citizens of New York, official and un-
official, would come to New Mexico in a body,
and,mark this boundary line!
But 1 will not now enter into the facts which
constitute the claim and title of Texas to that ter-
ritory. I know that it has such a title, and when
the question comes before the Senate I shall be
much mistaken if I do not convince every unpreju-
diced mind of her clear, unqualified, and just claim
to the territoij^ I know 1 can do this, sir, if I
can separate its merits from connection with other
matters, and from the opposition which political
schemers and sectional prejudices will array against
it.
But, sir, in the abstract, the Legislature of the
State of New York ask us to do—what? Why, sir,
nothing more nor less than to take jurisdiction by
legislative enactment of the sovereign authority of
a State of this Union. Has Congress any power
to alter the boundaries of a State that are recog-
nized by the people of that State? Has Congiess
any power to alter the boundaries of the State of
New York? Would the people of that State sub-
mit to such an exercise of assumed authority? I
think not, sir. They would resist such exercise
to the furthest limit.
I regret that I have felt it my duty thus to con-
sume the time of the Senate. 1 had no sort of
desire to evince any discourtesy towards the Sen-
ator from New York, in making the motion I did.
I did not know that these resolutions were to come
before the Senate to-day; their presentation took
me by surprise; and that the sentiments therein
contained had been promulgated and passed by
the Legislature of the State of New York, was to
me a matter of profound astonishment as well as
deep regret.
Mr. YULEE. My own judgment, and in such
a case as this, my own feel'ings, must govern my
course upon the subject here presented for our
action. Other gentlemen may take the course
which their own judgment and feelings may dic-
tate; but 1 know of but one course, sir, for the
American Senate to adopt, and that is, to repel all
insult offered to individual States of the Confeder-
acy by another portion of that Confederacy. And
when, sir, a gratuitous and wanton insult is pre-
sented here in the shape-of resolutions from one
of the States of this Union, I, as the represent-
ative of another State, to which these insulting
declarations extend, sitting here and voting as a
representative of a sovereign State, will mark my
sense of the indignity offered by refusing all re-
spect to the paper containing them." Sir, I have
made no objection, 1 make no objection, to the
annunciation here, by resolutions or otherwise, by
the State of New Yoik, of doctrines that may
relate to the disputed boundary between Texas
and. the territory acquired by the United States
from Mexico. Although the South furnished in
the acquisition of that territory a quota of troops
in numbers as five to one in comparison with those
furnished by the North, and although the North
is sending as three to one in the South, their gold
diwers to possess the mines that have come into
ouTpossession by that acquisition  
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to interrupt the
Senator from Florida but for a moment. He, with
other Senators, talks much of the laiger number
of troops furnished by the South, when 1 conceive
that New York in proportion furnished as many,
if not more, than any other State, it was a matter
of favor to the South that a larger number were
draughted from that portion of the country to serve
in the war, most probably because of their near
location to the seat of war. There were several
regiments in New York that had been organized
and were ready to serve, but were not allowed to
participate in the war for good and sufficient reas-
ons.
Mr. YULEE. The statement of the Senator
does not alter the fact that the South contributed
largely beyond her true quota in the acquisition of
these territories, or the truth of the declaration
that the North is contributing more than her due
quota to dig the gold contained in the acquired
territory. And, sir, after thus obtaining the ben-
efit and reaping the rewards accruing from posses-
sion of this territory, 1 do mean to object, when
she comes here with resolutions declaring that the
territory acquired by the common blood and treas-
ure of the Union should be so organized as to
inure to her particular benefit, to the reception of
these resolutions, or a respectful hearing of the
propositions therein contained by the Senate—yes,
sir, when the State of New York, as one of the
confederated States of this Union, comes here
uttering gratuitous and insulting language towards
a ccrtain portion of her sister States, I, as one of
the representatives of one of the States thus
assailed, deem it my duty to mark my sense of
the indignity offered to one of the institutions of
the South, by refusing to receive or consider the
communication in which it is contained. It is, sir,
to the use of language which would be regarded
as insulting between man and man that I object.
While the South and the State which X represent
think proper to continue and foster the institution
of slavery, and regaid it as consistent with the
spirit of the age to permit within their boundaries
an institution which has contributed largely to the
growth, prosperity, and wealth of this Union
—a growth, and prosperity, and wealth of which
our northern brethren have had more than their
due share—they will not allow the other States of
the North, while tliey continue to be connected
with them, to come here in this body, where all the
States of this Union are represented in their confed-
erated capacity, and take advantage of the permis-
sion which it is the custom ordinaiiiy to give to
place State resolutions on record, to present and
record a wanton insult to the South. There is
another reason for the course which I deemed itmy
duty to take on this point, although it is the first
time that any objection has been made to the print-
ing of resolutions coming from Legislatures of any
of the States of this Union. Let it be remembered
also, sir, that it is the first time the attempt lias
been made to introduce language of insult in reso-
lutions by any of the State Legislatures into this
body. Another reason, I say, is presented m favor
of the course I have taken, when the present con-
dition of the Union is taken into consideration, and
when it must be obvious to every intelligent ob-
server and statesman that the Union is tottering on
itsbase. At this eventful period, sir, New York
comes here and uses language calculated to irritate
| and promote the feelings of alienation which are
I now contributing to the dissolution of the Union;
I and itis due, sir, to that Union, it is due to the dig-
j nity of the several States whose institutions aie
; assailed, that this insulting language should be met
I at the threshold, and marked with our determined
| reprobation. Any attempt to introduce language
] of insult, of reproach, and of indignity into the
! communications which may be made by sovereign
States, should be met and repulsed at once, and
that, too, because it may lead to equally recrimina-
tive missives in return from the assaulted States. A
prompt denial, sir, of admission to such language
is the only means of diverting consequences which
can only precipitate the crisis to which all men
must fear we are but too rapidly approaching, if
this language be permitted to be recorded here, I
ask whether other Slates may not pursue the same
course? whether southern States may not come
here and present resolutions retorting upon the
resolutions presented by the State of New York?
whether they may not come here and introduce to
the people of the States the use of language con-
tumelious, reproachful, irritating, undignified, and
inconsistent with the preservation of the Union?
New York furnishes the first example of any at-
tempt thus to introduce personalities and insult
into our public proceedings and her intercourse
with her confedeiated States; and I have deemed
it my duty, as one of the representatives of one of
; the States aggrieved, to meet tins new aggression
1 at the threshold, and to mark it with the reproba-
tion which it should receive. I shall vote aganist
it, sir, if my vote is the only one that is thus re-
corded. I care not whether I am sustained by any
gentleman on this floor. My own judgment marks
out my course in this matter, and I shall vote m
accordance with that judgment, m fulfillment of the
duty which I owe to myself as one of the repre-
sentatives of one of the States of^th is Confederacy
assailed in her institutions by these resolutions.
Mr: DICKINSON called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, no man can regret
more than I do what has taken place in this Cham-
ber to-day on the presentation of the resolutions of
a sovereign State of this Union. The honorable
gentleman from Florida is entirely mislaken when
he supposes that resolutions of this character from
sovereign States have never been marked by lan-
guage exceedingly improper. Such have been pre-
sented. A sovereign State has the right to repre-
sent whatever she may think proper tp the Congress
of the United States, the common servant of all
the States; and it is right and proper that we should
treat their representations with the respect due to
a sovereign State. While I regret exceedingly
that States of this Union in representing to the
Congress of the United States what they consider
to be grievances, which they desire to have modi-
fied or done away with altogether, have not in all
cases used language more conciliatory and better
calculated to effect their objects, and preserve those
amicable and kindly feelings which ought to exist
throughout the whole country, I am perfectly sat-
isfied that they shall make known to the whole
country their views upon all questions and subjects
whatsoever. I shall throw no obstacles in their
way whenever they shall seek to make known their
views, but would rather give them facilities that
their views may be known throughout the North
and the South, the East and the West. I think,
upon the whole, that so far from producing the
evils which the gentleman from Florida appre-
hends, it will in the end have a salutary influence.
I shall, therefore, most assuredly vote for the print-
ingof these resolutions. Let themgo to the country
and exert their legitimate influence, and I trust and
hope that we shall reserve ourselves for some other
occasion, when it will be more appropriate to dis-
cuss questions connected with the rights of the
South and the guarantees of the Constitution, than
on the presentation of resolutions passed by the
Legislature of a sovereign State.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I wish to say
a few words only upon this subject. I voted the
other day for the printing of the petition from the
people of New Mexico, or rather the petition that
purported to come from that people. I thought
then, as I think now, that a refusal to print peti-
tions and resolutions of such a nature would be a
very feeble and futile impediment m the way of
this spirit of encroachment and aggression, which
is continuing to be manifested more and more
strongly on the part of the North. If we refuse to
print these resolutions now, they would be printed
in the public newspapers. These resolutions of
the Legislature of New York should be printed.
If I were to present the resolutions of the State of
South Carolina, I should ask that they might be
printed also. This mode of opposition is utterly
ineffectual. The time is past, long past, Mr. Pres-
ident, when the publication of the proceedings of
this body has been made the vehicle of communi-
cation to the South that the nation was sympa-
thizing with them; and let those who say there is
no danger now, learn from the resolutions just
offered whether there is or not. Let the people of
the South be advertised in the fullest possible man-
ner of the desires and designs of the North. Let
them he made aware of the full extent of the threat-
ened danger, that they may be prepared to meet it.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, the yeas and
nays having been called on this motion, I desire
simply to say that I shall vote for the printing of
these resolutions, for the reasons assigned by the
Senator from Alabama. The uniform practice of
the Senate has been to treat respectfully the reso-
lutions of a sovereign State. I desire additionally
to manifest, on the part of those whom I repre-
sent, the utter and entire repugnance they enter-
tain to withholding the expression of any views
or feelings that the inhabitants of any portion of
this Union may entertain and desire to make known.
My desire is, that on a subject so vital to the inter-
ests of the people of sundry States of this Union, we
should perfectly understand each other. Far from
having any disposition to repress the expression of
opinions which I deem hostile to the interests of
those whom I repiesent, I rather desire that they
should be apprised of them; and I have risen to
express the hope that the Senator from Florida
will not persevere in the resistance which he has
