814
THE" CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made to the printing- of these resolutions. I should
desire, for myself, that the South should concur
in giving them that publicity which will enable
the South to understand what are the feelings and
probable determination of the people of the North
in respect to this vital question.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I did not call for
the yeas and nays, nor did I feel any desire to have
them ordered. I am perfectly satisfied that it
should be understood that I am the only person
who will vote against the printing of the resolu-
tions, The call for the yeas and nays may be
withdrawn as far as I am concerned, and it may
be the general understanding that 1 will be the only
person voting in the negative. I will not consent
to give my vote for the printing of any document
which contains, upon its face, an insult to the Stale
which I represent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President, I
am always disposed to treat with the most marked
respect anything that comes from a sovereign State
of this Union; yes, even when that State ceases to
respect herself; and I think that respect is fully
shown when we receive the resolutions of the State
of 3STew York and enter them upon our Journal.
But if the Senate is to become a vehicle for the cir-
culation of abolition documents, for the circulation
of revolutionary opinions. I shall oppose it by
eveiy means within my power. 1 think the Sena-
tor fiom Florida has justly characterized these res-
olutions as offering an indignity to the sovereign
States of this Union where slavery exists. Still
more, sir, these resolutions contain assertions which
those who passed them did not know to be true,
and which I believe to be false. For one, I will
never aid in putting them forth. They proclaim to
tlie world that the Senate of the United States
knows and conceals the fact that within the District
of Columbia there are prisons in which negroes are
unjustly and illegally immured, and marts where
slaves aie bought and sold. Who knows this to
be true? Who believes it to be true ? And if it be
true, are these public prisons and public marts
under the control of the Congress of the United
States ? I believe the whole assertion to be a false-
hood, and I will not vote for printing and circu-
lating it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. President, I do not
rise to argue the merits or demerits of the questions
that have been presented for the consideration of
the Senate, but I rise simply to state why 1 cannot
vote for the printing of these resolutions. It is
with great pain that I difler fiom the established
custom and uniform practice of the Senate in rela-
tion to resolutions from the sovereign States of this
Union, but I fully concur with the honorable gen-
tleman from Mississippi. ] stand committed upon
no such rules, and while I have the honor to stand
upon this floor 1 will never yield my aid to dis-
seminate the slanders and assaults made upon my !
section of the Union and the institutions of tiie !
country m which I live. I am disposed to respect j
a sovereign State when she respects herself; but j
when she comes here assailing the institutions of ■
the country in which I live, and calls upon me to j
disseminate her doctrines, revolutionary in their j
character, and calculated to dissolve this glorious ;
Union, 1 for one must withhold my assent. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Dix] has drawn
a parallel between the resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of that State and a petition from the people of
the District of Columbia for the abolition of the
slave trade in this District. There is a difference
between the citizens of this District petitioning for
a redress of their own grievances and the Legisla-
ture of the State of New York interfering m a mat-
ter in which they have no inteiest, and over which
they have no control.
it is with the most profound regret that I act in
opposition to the established custom, as suggested
by my honorable colleague, it would give me
great pleasure to he able to act in accordance with
that custom, and in conjunction with my honorable
colleague; but my duty, or at least h hat I consider
my duty, forbids me that pleasure at this time.
"When I voted to receive these resolutions I con- 1
sidered my obligations to the law of courtesy dis- |
charged; I consideied that I had done all that could 1
be reasonably expected from me, and I am pre- [
pa led to go no further. I cannot vote for dissem- 1
inming abolition documents throughout the length '
and breadth of this land. I do not wish to create !
excitement or alarm in any portion of the country, !
nor do I wish to array one portion of the Union I
j against the other. I voted against the printing of
| the documentor petition from New Mexico, and I
i shall vote against the printing ot these resolutions.
| Mr. NILES. Mr. President, my honorable
} friend from Florida [Mr. Yules] observed, in the
! course of his remarks, a few moments since, that
he entertained the apprehension that the stability
of this Union is seriously threatened—that it is
tottering to its base. Well, now, Mr. President,
whenever any structure is tottering to its base, it is
very likely to fall; and if this Union is tottering to
its base, the presumption is, that it cannot stand
much longer—that it must soon go down. Our
danger, therefore, is imminent, if the apprehen-
sions of my honorable friend are well founded;
and I would ask him, in order that we may know
whether his apprehensions are well-founded or not,
whether his remaiks were based upon a knowledge
of the existcncc of any combination here or else-
where hostile to the perpetuity of this Union, or
whether they had their rise in feelings and ideas
originating in his own heart and mind?
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, 1 will answer the
question of the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut. The opinion which I expressed was based
upon a knowledge of events known to be trans-
piring, and the existence of combinations hostile
to the permanence of this Union. Yes, sir, it is
my opinion that the Union is tottering to its base,
and tottering under the blows of northern fanati-
i cism, and northern injustice and aggression. Sir,
j when the North comes here and attempts to exert
j the power which circumstances have given it, to
! control the legislation of the Union, and to reduce
1 a large portion of the States of this Union to deg-
I radation, and to the condition of provinces and
I subjects, they cannot but know, none who duly
; appreciate the honor and dignity of a freeman can
; do otherwise than know, that the Union is in dan-
ger. And when the tact is as stated by the Sena-
' tor from New Yoik this morning, that fifteen of
the soveieign States of this Union have passed
: almost unanimously by their Legislatures resolu-
tions to be presented here, as instructions to their
; delegates, requiring an act which, m the opinion
of the South, must produce inequality and mjus-
; tice, which is fraught with aggression and injury,
I there cannot be otherwise than fear in the minds
« of every right-thinking man that there is dan-
| ger for the continuance and harmony of this
j Union. Does the Senator from Connecticut be-
| lieve that this Union can exist outside of the
; compromises of the Constitution, when the prin-
, ctples of equality have been departed from in the
; legislation and enactments of this confederate
J body ? If he does believe it, he does very great
, injustice to his New England descent) and to
i those principles of liberty and of -the dignity
' of man which have been inculcated in a great
measure through the instrumentality of the an-
■ cestors of that gentleman, who fiist landed upon
, this continent. Yes, sir, it was because these fif-
, teen confederate States of this JJnion are in oopo-
' sition to the just rights of the South that t be-
lieved this Union to oe in danger. It is because,
weak in their political stiengtn, that minority of
the South lmve ever struggled against the encroach-
ments of theii allies—allies no longer—when the
power of the Constitution shall be exerted to the !
injustice and degradation of those who were ori- j
giually associated m good faith and brotherly feel- j
ing. Sir, no one more anxiously trusts that the i
cloud, which we have seen hovering over this
nation, will pass away. No one more deeply than !
myself will deprecate measures beyond this Con- !
stituuon for the restraints of injury. But, for one, !
i am prepared to say, that I place liberty before !
union; and I value union, and the Constitution |
under winch it exists, only so far as it sustains the j
hbenies of the people with whom I am associated, !
and in carrying forward in its progress the distinct !
right of mankind. I do believe the Union to be |
hi danger, and its danger is increased by every i
blow such as this which the State of New York j
has struck. I believe, when there is added to the :
attempt to wrest away the just rights to which we •
are entitled, personal insult and invective, language !
of opprobrium and contumely, that there is danger, '
and that this danger is tenfold increased, But 1
pained am 1 that circumstances have reached that :
crisis in the history of the country which jead any
one to consider the question of the Union as in-
volved m the result of measures now pending.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, I have un-
Jan. 22,
dertaken to prove myself the friend of the Union.
Now, sir, if I thought this, vote would be the
means of dissolving this Union, I certainly would
not give it ray countenance.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, since thisdss-
cussion has gone so far, I feel bound to say a word
upon it. For the last six years I have been in the
habit of seeing memorials on this slavery ques-
tion, expressing opinions on each side, and every
shadow of opinion on each side, from ihe North
and from the South, received in the two Houses of
Congress, and ordered to be printed without oppo-
sition. 1 cannot recollect an instance in which the
printing of such a memorial or resolution of a State
Legislature was ever refused, or even objected to
I have seen many that did not accord in the sli^ht-
est degree with my own opinions from the North
and from the South. I remember some that i
thought breathed a threat of a dissolution of this
Union, which were received and printed. And if
we reject this memorial to-day on the ground that
the State of New York has transceipjed its rights
I and violated the laws of courtesy, by passing the
resolution contained in that paper, we may be
placed in an awkward predicament to-morrow
by having presented to us a resolution of another
kind from another quarter of this Union.
Mr. YULEE. There is no objection to the
reception of the resolutions. They have been re-
ceived and put upon the Journal. What 1 object
to is, the printing of the resolutions, and the dis-
semination by theSenate of the doctrines contained
in them throughout the whole country, and espe-
cially inasmuch as the resolutions are upon then-
face most insulting to the South.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I wish to
know the distinction between this resolution and
those from Massachusetts, from New Hampshire,
, from Rhode Island, Connecticut, and New York,
! for the last four or five or six years.
; Mr. YULEE. I have endeavored to show that
| this resolution contains language of the most in-
j suiting character, such as has never before been
I introduced into resolutions presented here.
, Mr. DOUGLAS. Upon that point I will say
that I see no material difference between the spirit
and phraseology of this resolution and that of
those resolutions which I have seen received, read,
and printed, for years past, by this body or the
other branch of Congress. Then, again, 1 see m
a southern State that a resolution was adopted a
day or two ago taking the other side of this ques-
tion, and expressing opinions in favor of the Mis-
souri compromise—a measure which I once had
the honor to introduce to this body, and a meas-
ure by which I would be willing to settle this
; question. We may be called upon to-morrow to
j vote against receiving or printing resolutions in
| favor ot *the Missouri compromise, a resolution
denounced and stigmatised by the abolition reso-
lutions of the North. I think if the North have a
right to pass these resolutions against the South,
the South have the right to pass them against the
North. The right is reciprocal. I think it is fool-
ish and mischievous for the North and the South
to be quarreling about a question which has no
; | practical results. But this is a question upon which
'; each side has a right to judge for itself. I believe
; this question has 110 practical results. I do r.ot be-
j lieveitendangeis this Union. I believe this Union
is too strong to be endangered by the mere expres-
[ sion of an opinion, rash and violent though it may
be, either from the North or from the South. I
; say it is not a practical question, because every
| man believes that, so far as New Mexico and
! California are concerned, the people have made up
' their minds(which way they will settle this ques-
l tion, and that is, that #10 action here will either
! restrain or extend the institution of slavery one
, foot. 1 believe there is a fundamental error in the
i resolutions from the Legislature of New York.
They expiess a resolution against the extension
| of slavery over a country now free. I know of
| no man who advocates the extension of slavery
; over a country now free. If there is such a man
i on this floor, I am not aware of the fact. All I
; understand them to advocate is, to allow the people
of these Territories to decide on this institution
for themselves, just as they decide every other
1 domestic institution for themselves. No man ad-
vocates the extension of slavery over a territory
1 now free. On the other hand, they deny the pro-
: pnety of Congress interfering to restrain, upon the
I great fundamental principle that the people are the
