1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
source of all power; that from the people must
emanate ail government; that the people have the
same right m these Territories to establish a gov-
ernment for themselves that we have to overthrow
our present Government and establish another if
we please, or that any other government has to
establish one for itself. And it is this great prin-
ciple that lies at the foundation of my action here
in resisting encroachments from the North or from
the South; of resisting on the one side, if it should
be proposed, the extension of slavery m a country
now free, and of resisting, on the other side, any
restraint upon the people to establish such institu-
tions as they may see fit to establish.
I think there is a fundamental eiror existing in
the minds of the people of the North, which leads
them to pass resolutions like the one presented by
tlfe Senator from New York—an error arising
from a false impression. It is not the first resolu-
tion that lias contained errors—not the first reso-
lution of a sovereign State founded on a misappre-
hension of ft®s—not the first resolution that I
have voted to print, from which I dissented in toto.
I see nothing in these resolutions, much as 1 differ
from the opinions which ihey express, to fix a
stigma upon the Stale of New York. No, sir:
she is only following in the wake of other States
from tune immemorial. Sir, I shall vote to print
this resolution; and if a southern State brings for-
ward resolutions instructing their Senators to vote
for the Missouri compromise, or any other mode
of settlement, I shall vote tor this also. If a
southern State should introduce a resolution here
authorizing the calling together of her Legislature
upon the passage of an act'of Congress, to take
ulterior measures, without knowing 10 what point
these measures may lead, I shall feel it my duty
to pay respect to that Legislature, so far as to
print it. I believe the good old principle of receiv-
ing resolutions of the Legislatures of the sovereign
Slates, upon this and all other questions, is the
best mode that can be conceived; and I am riot
willing now, in this instance, to depart from the
usual practice, unless stronger causes exist than
any 1 have met here; for I think this resolution is
only in accordance with the general tenor of reso-
lutions from different parts of the Union.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, I am very sorry
that I cannot concur with the old and more ex-
perienced membersof this Senate in voting for the
printing of these resolutions. I do not object to
that on the ground of any opinion which the Le-
gislature of any State may think proper to suggest;
but 1 object to the printing of these resolutions on
ground similar to that taken by other members*of
this body, viz,: that there are assertions in them,
stated as facts, which' are absolutely false, but
which, if printed by the Senate, will soon become
woven into the history of the country, and received
and stated as authentic in every particular.
We have been told, and I have no doubt cor-
rectly told, by the honorable Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Rusk,] that the pretended expression of the
wishes of the people of New Mexico, which was
presented here a few weeks ago, was, in all prob-
ability, a thing " got up" for the occasion, " man-
ufactured to order, sent out and returned." That
memorial was received here. The gentleman who
presented it did not seem to have very clear and
satisfactory information as to the authority from
which it emanated. It bore on its face only four-
teen names, and but two of them were Amer-
ican names; but we received it and ordered it
to be printed, and we see already that the State
of New York has adopted it as a "fixed fact'5
that the peopie of New Mexico have sent a me-
morial here asking the exclusion of slavery from
their Territory. 1, tor one, Mr. President, do not
wish to endorse the fact, because 1 do not believe
it to be a fact, that the people of New Mexico
did send such a memonal to this Congress. If we
piixit these resolutions now, they will go out as
sanctioned by the Senate of the United States, and
be considered as a part of the history of the coun-
try. It may be true, but I have not befoie heard
ot the horrors of the slave trade and the slave
prisons in the District of Columbia which these
resolutions advert to. That sapient Legislature,
some three or four hundred miles off, may be better
informed upon this subject than we who are here
on the spot. 1 do not pretend to say whether their ,
statements are correct or not, but 1 have some 1
doubts of their accuracy, and I do not wish to
endorse them. I cannot vote for the printing of
these resolutions, because I think they contain
these radical errors in the expression of the opin-
ions and facts to which I have referred.
Mr. President, since this debate has commenced,
and since the gentleman from Connecticut has
asked the question concerning the dangers with
which this CJnion is threatened, and whether the
Senator from Florida knows of any facts on which
he bases his opinion that the Union is tottering to
its base, I, as a southern member, take upon my-
self to reply, in part, to that gentleman. Yes, Mr.
President, 1 regret to say that theie are causes,
strong causes, that are increasing and multiplying
every day, which unhappily lead the watchful and
reflecting mind to the conclusion that this glorious
Union cannot last long. If the gentleman from
Connecticut asks me where are these indications, I
will tell him. The story is a long one. The first
and most prominent one I will tell that gentleman
and all others from the North—and they may take
it home with them and sleep and reflect upon it—
is that of the action of the people of the North-for
some years past on one particular subject—that of
reclaiming fugitive slaves. It is admitted by all
now—I suppose no man here denies it—that that
clause of the Constitution which refers to the
reclamation of fugitive slaves, without which Judge !
Story and Judge Baldwin say, and without which
even Judge McLean himself says, the Constitu-
tion could never have been adopted, is now totally
evaded by the North, set at defiance, and rendered
a mere nullity. 1 know u is not erased from the
Constitution. I know that it is not expressly ab-
rogated by all the northern States—though it is by
many—but m practice it is really no longer a pro-
vision of the Constitution. It has ceased practically
to exist. No enactments have been passed, to be
sure, suspending its operation, but the dangers to
which persons m pursuit of their property are
exposed from infuriated mobs and the obstacles
from legislation, the obstacles from fanaticism, the
dangeis to limb and even life to which gentlemen
ate exposed, ha\e literally abrogated it. It is
admitted on ail hands that the Constitution could
never have been foimed without that provision,
and yet it is now practically abrogated, as I have
said, iu most of the northern States. And I would
ask the gentleman from Connecticut if he does not
think this a very serious blow to the permanency
of this Union, and one which is calculated to make
it totter to its foundation?
13ut, unfortunately, this is not all. These blows,
which were formerly few and far between, have
thickened and thickened lately; and when the mis-
fortunes, if they ever should come, (and Heaven
grant they may never reach us,) which these
events aie calculated to lead to, are transpiring
around us—when this Union is about to be sev-
ered—then, when the gentleman from Connecti-
cut and the gentleman from New York, who pre-
sented these lesolutions, and other gentlemen shall,
m their calmer hours, come to lament over the
misfortunes of the .country, and sigh over the
blows that have been leveled at the duration of
this Union, I am very much mistaken if these
gentlemen will not then perceive that some of the ||
most fatal blows ever struck at the permanency of ||
our Union, and the blows which will have proved ;!
the most effective in its demolition, weie struck
upon this floor. If those moments should everh
come—but 1 hope they never will—I believe the!'
gentleman fiom New Yoik [Mr. Dix] will then ,,
perceive that the very speech lie delivered upon ,i
this floor this morning is the heaviest blow that!'
has ever been armed at this Union. I know that it j'
has been customary, Mr. President, for gentlemen !
to throw out the idea that all the blows that have ,i
been struck against the perpetuity of our Union
have come from another quarter of the country.
Not at all. Sir, 1 know of more that have come \
from that section. Not one blow has come from '|
the South. Where has anything destructive of the
spirit of the Constitution, on this or any other sub-
ject, come from the South ? We have acted, we ]|
now act, and we shall act when the a\yful cnsrs ij
comes, on the defensive, and on the defensive |>
alone. Have we ever claimed any extraordinary ij
pnvjlege on this subject of slavery r Have we ever : j
asked this or the other House to extend slavery' j;
Never, as these resolutions erroneously state. Has i •
it not been admitted here by membeis from the free j ■
States that they know none who claim to extend |j
slavery one foot? We are constantly upbraided jj
for entertaining the wish and intention to extend |j
slavery. This is constantly thrown uptous-oa
every opportunity and in every form, and the cry'
is raised that the Union is endangered by oar.
course upon this very subject, and the argument
is thrown out on every possible occasion that it is
we who make these assaults and endanger the per-
manency of our institutions. It is not so. 411
these assertions are without the slightest founda-
tion. They are all false.
I did not intend to debate this question. I only,
wished to state that there is danger of this Union;
that its foundations are shaken; and that they may
probably fall, and 1 believe they certainty will fall,
if the people who have been dealing these blows
so fast and so heavily do not cease the agitation of
this subject. We ask nothing on our part. Let
us go on and do as we have done heretofore. Let
us deal with the Territories and the District of
Columbia as we have heretofore dealt with them.
We ask no more. But if, when you have already
practically abrogated one provision of the Consti-
j tution, you .go on and make a similar enactment
I for the District of Columbia, and then extend that
j enactment to the navy-yards, forts, and other places
j under the control and supervision of the United
I States, until your course brings every man in the
j South conscientiously to believe that you intend to
; abolish slavery and trample upon their rights; if all
j these things are allowed to go on unterruptedly
I and unchecked, you must not be surprised if you
j at the North endanger the Union. But do not at-
i tribute it to us. Look to your own conduct. In
that you will find the germ of dissolution. You
cannot say we did it. Can you point to an act of
the South which has any tendency to dissolution?
Have we abrogated any provision of the Consti-
tution? Have we ever interfered with your do-
mestic institutions? Have we ever sent you reso-
lutionsupbiaidingyou in bittecand insulting terrm?
| Why, sir, if South Carolina and Louisiana have
! shut their ports to New York and Massachusetts,
and absolutely excluded them, it was not a greater
evil than that which had been aheady inflicted
upon the whole South by the practical abrogation
of the principle of the Constitution which piovidea
for the recapturc of fugitive slaves.
There is another reason why I consider these
resolutions, and all others of a similar character
presented to us, to be heavy blows aimed at the
permanency of this Union. Why are they so?
Because they imply most clearly, that that spirit
of harmony and union upon which alone the Con-
stitution was founded, has ceased to exist. Do
you believe, Mr. President—is there any man that
. can believe for one moment, that if at the forma-
tron of the Constitution one-half of the States had
been denouncing the other for carrying on an un-
just, improper, and sinful traffic, the Constitution
would have ever been formed? Such denuncia-
tions indicate the spirit of hostility. It is the ap-
propriate work of enemies, not friends. This may
be said not only of the resolutions now before us,
but of all the others sent ireie by the Legislatures
of northern States. What is the spirit of all the
resolutions presented here at almost every session
of Cougress? Instead of settling quietly their own
domestic affairs, too many of these northern Legis-
latures, I regret to say, have taken up this subject
of slavery, although it has no particular connec-
tion with their own local institutions, and de-
nounced the institutions of the South, and lepro-
bated our course m regard to it, although we hate
kept within the limits of the Constitution^ and
minded merely our own business.
All these events might be multiplied indefinitely
to show that the spn rt of conciliation and harmony
which existed at the time the Constitution was
formed, and without which its formation could
never have been effected, has ceased to exist, and
not only ceased to exist, but a spirit of bitter hos-
tility between the North and the South has been
raised up in its place. And once let that spirit
reign; let it be once settled that we must look upon
the people of the North as enemies in war; once
excite that feeling of hatred and animosity which
has existed between ourselves and the mother
country since we rebelled against her authority,
and which exists to this day; once, I say, let ail
tins be cxcited into full play, and go on ior a few
years increasing m strength on both sides, and ail
the chains of the Constitution, even though they
were ten times stronger than steel or adamant,
would be but as ropes of sand in opposition to these
fierce and unextinguishabie flames of hatred and
