1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31T
slavery as the Union was extended, endanger the
safety of the Union. I have, therefore, for one,
believed that the true conservative principle was
that laid down by the Constitution itself, from
which we have unwisely departed in suffering the
Union to depart from the position in which it was
placed according to the original platform. The
territory of the United States was then all free
territory; but we have since, upon admitting terri-
tory, departed from the rule with which we set
out, and have made it slave territory. But the
gentleman says we have no right to prohibit sla-
very in the Territories. How so? Have we not
a right to legislate for the Territories? Are they
not to be disposed of according to the will of a
majority of the whole people of the Union5 And
whether we act wisely or not in our legislation in
reference to the Territories, no State can say that
we interfere with her rights when we so legislate.
This is a question which has no interference with
State rights. It is a power entirely different from
that possessecPBy the States—the power of acting
as the local legislature for the Territories. Con-
gress is to act primarily for all the Territories
belonging to this Government. That action should
be just; but, whether just or not, whether wise or
not, it cannot be characterized as an invasion of
the rights of any State, because tjiere is no inva-
sion of State rights in it.
Sir, I believe this basis is the only basis upon
which this question can be settled. I wish to settle
it; but I ask on what other basis can it be settled
except that which the Constitution has provided?
Dispose of the question in such a way as will be
best for the interests of the whole country. There
can be no aggression then, for if there be aggres-
sion in that, 1 do not know how we can act at all.
If we decide the question one way, one portion of
the citizens of the Union may consider it aggres-
sion; and if we decidc it another way, another
portion may consider it aggression upon them. It
is not for one State to say how it shall be settled,
or that any particular mode of disposing of the
question is an aggression. In governing the Ter-
ritories, the voice of the whole people must pre*
vail.
I have acted in reference to this subject not only
as I believed the interests of our particular section
required, but as in my judgment the interests of
the whole Union demanded. I believe that the
time will come, and that that time is not distant,
when the whole South, as well ds the North, will
* be satisfied with this disposition of the question. I
believe that this Union is not in danger. With
great deference to the judgment of my honorable
friends, I venture to oppose my opinion to that of
both the gentlemen, that this Union was never
safer nor stronger than it is at this neoment.
And yet I do not wish that the nations of Europe,
who are looking to us at this time as furnishing to
them an example worthy of imitation, should sup-
pose that in establishing governments for our ter-
ritories, this Union has become so feeble as to be
brought in peril. No, sir; we are becoming more
and more attached to the Union. We are becom-
ing more and more convinced of its importance
and of the utter futility of any attempt to break it
up. Sir, I know of one attempt, of one movement
that was made to effect that object in the proceed-
ings of a celebrated convention. I need not remind
my Southern friends of that convention. All sim-
ilar movements will share the same fate; they will
be met by public opinion whenever such move-
ments are organized; and that opinion, though for
a time it may be in a minority, yet it is a minority
strong in the principles of eternal truth, and must
prevail against the factions of the majority. Should
any similar movement be made, it will be put down
promptly at home; it will not be necessary to call
upon the South for aid; it will be met where it
originated. So it has been, and so it will be again.
I wish most distinctly to deny the correctness of
those opinions that have been stated here that this
Union is in peril.
Mr. BUTLER. I happened to be somewhat
connected with the transaction in Michigan to
which the Senator from Connecticut has alluded,
and i think that he has not been quite correct m
his statement of the leading facts. He has said,
that so far as regards the provisions of the Con-
stitution which give to slaveholders the right to
pursue, to apprehend, and claim their property, it
is still in force throughout the northern States.
Sir, I regard it, having viewed the subject care-
fully, as effectually annulled, as perfectly out of
existence, as if no provision of the kind had ever
been inserted in the Constitution. The transaction
to which the Senator alludes was something of this
kind: A gentleman of Kentucky, m pursq^of his
own slaves, who had escaped into Michigan, was
surrounded by a mob of white men, mingled with
negroes, who heaped upon him the most oppro-
brious terms and epithets, and by force detained
him, taking his slaves from him and sending them
into Canada. An action was brought for the tres-
pass upon his person, and for the loss of his prop-
erty, and damages were recovered, as well for the
invasion of his personal liberty as for his property.
And I will tell the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut that in his own State it is a penal offence
for any municipal officcr to aid a master in the
recovery of his slaves. It is made an offence by
State legislation, it is so, I think, in Connecticut.
I know it is so in Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and some
other States. Sir, all the provisions of our Con-
stitution relating to this subject have been trampled
under foot.
Mr. DICKINSON. There is no such legisla-
tive enactment in New York.
Mr. BUTLER. It is my impression that there
is such a law, and that it was passed at the last
session of the Legislature.
Mr. D1X. The Senator is entirely mistaken.
There is no such law in the State of New York.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator is mistaken
j also in regard to Pennsylvania. There is no such
law there.
Mr. BUTLER. I have heard it stated that there
is such a law in Pennsylvania. I know that in all
the States to which I have alluded, the authorities
have so far deprived slave-owners'of the benefit
of the Constitution, as to make it tantamount to
the most penal enactment. They hold their offices
upon the terms and upon the condition that they
will offer all the opposition in their power to the
restitution of slave property. And many of those
States have penal laws upon the subject, making
it an offence for any peace officer or any citizen to
aid in the recovery of fugitive slaves. I may be
wrong in regard to New York.
Mr. DICKINSON. It is not two weeks since
a fugitive slave was brought before a court in New
York upon the requisition of his owner; and,
although he was dismissed, it was owing to an
informality in the mode of his arrest.
Mr. BUTLER. He was brought before a Fed-
eral judge.
Mr. DICKINSON. Not a Federal judge, but
a State jud<ce; and dismissed because not legally
brought before the judge.
Mr. FITZGERALD. I believe the Senator
from South Carolina included Michigan in his
annunciation of States having penal enactments
against aiding in the recovery of fugitive slaves.
I beg to say to the Senator that there is no such
enactment in Michigan.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know how it is with
Michigan, but I will tell the honorable Senator from
Connecticut now, that a bill has been introduced
here making it the duty of all State officers to give
aid in the arrest and delivery of fugitive slaves
; under a penalty. And when that bill comes up
; many of those gentlemen who speak so loudly of
j the careful obsetvanc.e of the provisions of the
Constitution now, I fear will not come to my aid
i in the support of that bill. I know there is as
1 much, or more effected by the aid of the pocket,
i and expressed sympathy throughout the North, as
' could possibly be accomplished by direct legisla-
; tion- Is it not notorious, I ask Senators, that the
1 slaves in the slavehoidmg States have become dis-
!! satisfied m consequence of your inflammatory pub-
hcations and harangues, made even here within
ji the walls of Congress^ I believe, sir, that if we
j j had had no session of Congress for the last ten
j] years, it would have been better for this country.
I! Yes, sir, it is here, within,this very Senate, that we
Ij are to be taunted and maligned; and when we rise
j j to defend ouiselves, in an admitted minority as we
i | are, when we rise to resist the hand of oppression,
Sj we^ire to be branded as violators of the Constitu-
!i tion and as putting m jeopardy this Union.
I' Do we not hear it declared that we must set free
! the slaves in this District, and that the institution
; must not be permitted to exist in the Territories be-
i! longing to this Government? And has it come to
; this, that when we o^ the South have been set in
the foremost rank in battle, and have been swept
down by the fire of the enemy, our widows and
orphans are not to be entitled to claim any consid-
eration in the disposal of the acquisitions that were
purchased by our blood? Sir, why need 1 point
out the indignities that have been heaped upon us?
Have you not abolished slave labor in your dock-
yards and arsenals, and are you not proposing its
abolition wherever there is a groundwork upon
which you can fasten such a proposition ?. Are
you not laboring to establish the doctrine that there
is no propriety in the existence of the'institution ?
All this having been done—and it is notorious that
it has been done—submission to it, I affirm, is a
degradation. Wh&n the work shall have been
consummated, our degradation will be complete.
Nay, to yield ground to the doctrine now is nothing
more nor less than yielding up every right that we
possess. We may go to war and sacrifice our
lives, and our posterity is to be told, the fruits of
victory are not yours; you shall not participate in
them. It is an odious, a revolting doctrine, and if
we yield to it, I say, unhesitatingly, that we shall
deserve the degradation we will incur.
I have not said what my State will do in such
an event; I do not know what other States will do;
but, if I mistake not, you will have resolutions
piled upon your table, rebuking the timid, and you
will find resolutions of instructions, too, showered
upon you; you will have indications, unmistakable
evidences of what will be the ultimate consequence
of persevering in this system of opposition. The
gentleman from Connecticut says that northern
men will not invade the rights of the South.
Sir, I thank him not, that he will not invade our
dwellings, whilst he heaps combustibles about our
enclosures and about our dwellings, ready for the
torch which will hud destruction upon us. Sir,
to tell me that the institution of slavery has never
been invaded, and has nothing of the kind to fear,
is to tell me what is palpably false. I know that
it has been invaded, and that my life and the lives
of my children have been put in jeopardy by it. It
has been invaded by the action of this very body.
And yet the gentleman tells me we will spare your
house, your homes, and firesides. I ask for no
such forbearance; I ask for the observance of good
faith; I ask for the fulfillment of the provisions of
the Constitution made by our forefathers. Sir, so
long as the altar of the Constitution is preserved to
us, I will hold fast by the horns of the altar; but
if they make it a Moloch to which we are to be
made burning victims, I, for one, will never sub-
mit to it. I am not to be deceived by their miser-
able pretexts.
Sir, I have gone further than I intended; but I
had heard taunts thrown out, and I could not re-
frain from making the few remarks that I have
made. And is it to be held as treason in those
who are oppressed if they venture to remonstrate?
Because you are strong, are we therefore not to be
allowed to declare the truth? Sir, we have as-
sumed to do nothing more than to declare the plain,
unvarnished truth. Has it come fo this, that we
who are under the lash are not to be permitted to
give utterance to our feelings? I know it is im-
possible for a minority to resist successfully the
will of the majority, unless there is some mode of
resisting by the aid of combination, or by the for-
bearance of those who, having the power, may
nevertheless possibly be actuated by a sense of
good faith and justice. Mr. President, 1 have
occupied your time longer than I intended.
Mr>DICECINSON. in what little I have said,
I have not departed, I believe, from the question
that is before the Senate, for printing the resolu-
tions of the State of New Y'ork. I do not intend
to depart from it. I rise to correct more fully than
I was able to do at the time, a statement of fact
made by the honorable Senator from the State of
South Carolina, in regard to penal enactments for
the prevention of the recovery of runaway slaves.
There is no such law in the State of New York.
There was such a question before the Legislature,
but the proposition was rejected, ami the law
remains as it was. It is not many weeks since a
fugitive slave was brought before the court in
New York, not before a Federal judge, but a State
judge—Judge Edwards—and he entertained the
case, and decided it, as I have a light to piesume,
correctly. I do not know all the reasons for his de-
cision; but, as far as I understand the facts of the
case, they were these: The slave was seized with-
out process of law, and the judge decided that they
