320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22.
rang? known as the Sierra Nevada or California mountains;
thenee south along the summit of that range to the parallel
of 34" 30' north latitude; thence along that parallel of lati-
tude to the Pacific Ocean: and that portion of the territory
of the United States which was acquired by the treaty of
peace, friendship, limits, and settlement with the Republic
of Mexico, concluded February 2d, 5848, lying south of said
northern boundary, shall he and constitute a portion of the
State of Texas, and the same is hereby ceded to the said
State: Provided, The said State of Texas shall ratify the
boundary aforesaid ; and provided, also, That the said terri-
tory by this act included within the limits of the State of
Texas shall be subject to the conditions and the guarantees
named in the joint resolution for annexing Texas to the Uni-
ted States, approved by the President of the United States
on the 1st day of March, 1845; and that the United States
reserve unto themselves all right of pioperty in the public
domain and other property cedcd by saui treaty with Mexi-
co, free from taxes and assessments, of any kind by said
State ; also the power of disposing of the same, including
the right of adjusting all claims and titles to land deiived
from foreign governments, m such manuerasCongressohall
pre«cnbe.
Mr. EDWARDS inquired if it was in order to
move to amend the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama. He would prefer to have the bill re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
The SPEAKER replied that the motion to sus-
pend the rules could not be amended.
Mr. HILLIARD said he was willing to leave
to the House to decide upon the question of refer-
ence after the bills should have been received.
He wished to make a single remark to the
^ House, by way of explanation.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could only
proceed by gener&l consent.
Objections were made.
The question was then taken on the first division
of the question, viz: on the introduction of the bill
relative to New Mexico; and the vote stood—yeas
60, nays 120—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow, Beale, Bed
insor, BococK, Bowlm, Bo\d, Boy den, Burt, Chngman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W Cobb, Cooke, Crozier,
Daniel, JJomiell, Feathers-ton, Fickhn, Flournoy, French, :
Fulton, Gaines-, Gentry, Goggin, Han is, Haskell, Hill, Hi]- '•
hard. George S. Hou.-ton, Jxiue, Tverson, Andrew Johnson, i
Robert W. Johnson, John W\ Jones, Kaufman. La Sdie, f
Ligon, Lumpkin, McDowell, McLane, Meade, Morehead, '
The question was then declared to be on sus-
pending the rules, for the purpose of receiving the
said bill.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the reading of
the bill.
The question was put to the Ho'use, and decided
in the affirmative.
So the bill was read.
Mr. HILLIARD. X desire to say that as the
House has, by a vote 
Mr. PETTIT inquired of the Speaker if the
motion was debatable?
The SPEAKER said it was not.
Mr. HILLIARD. I am not going to debate it.
Mr. PETTIT. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HILLIARD. I ask the gentleman to take
his seat. I am about to make a motion which is
perfectly in order. Can I not have the floor for a
moment? I beg the gentleman not to interrupt
me..
Mr. PETTIT. If the gentleman undertakes to
debate, I will interrupt him.
The SPEAKER interposed to order.
Mr. HILLIARD. I am not going to debate.
I merely wish to say that I shall withdraw the
bill, and offer this and another bill as a substitute
for the territorial bills which have been made the
special order of the day for the 30th instant.
So Mr. H. withdresv the bill.
Mr. WILSON (by leave) presented resolutions
of the Legislature of the State of New Hamp-
shire, approving of the vote of the Representa-
tives of that State in Congress, at the present ses-
sion, upon the subject of the slave trade in the
District of Columbia.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of said
State in favor of the passage of a law by Con-
gress prohibiting slavery m New Mexico and
California, and instructing their Senators, and re-
questing their Representatives to vote in favor of
such a law.
Morse', Outlaw, Pendleton, Peyton, Pilstmry, Preston, Rhett^ Ij <JVS0' reso,utions of _the Legislature of said
Stanton, Thibodeaux, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Richard i! expressing a desire that the lustie of the
W. Thompson Jolm B. Thompson, Toombs, Wick, Wil- ; ■ glorious events of the Mexican war may never be
an<l Wrxnilitrorrl ftO I 9  L ^  * J.. -   . ^ . 1 • .1
liams. anil Woodward
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Ashmun, Bingham, Blackmar,
Blanchard, Kraih , Bridges, Biodbead. Charles Brown, Can-
by, Cathcart, Coharaer, Collins, Conger, Cranston, Crisfield,
Crowell, Cummins, Darling, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon,
Eekert, Eiipall, Edwards, Bmbree, Nathan Evans, Faran,
Farielly, Fisher, Freedley, Frie«, Giddings, Gott, Greelev
Gregory, Grinnell, Nathan K. Hall. Hainrnons, James G.
Hamilton, Henley, Henry, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Irvm,
Jenkins, James H Johnson, Keimon, Daniel P. King, Lnhm,
Sidney Lawrence, LefBer, Levin, Lincoln, Maelay, Mc-
Cielland, McClernand, Mcllvaine, McKay, Job Mann, Hor-
ace Mann, Mar,h, Marvin, Miller,Morris, Murphy, Nelson,
Newell, Nieoll, Palfrey, Peaslep, Peck, Petrie, Pettit,Phelps,
_ Pollock, Putnam. Reynolds, Richardson, Richey, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Root, Rumsev, Sr. John. Saw-
yer, Sehenek, Shngorland, Smart, Caleb B. Smith, Robert
Smith, Truman Smith. Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart,
Strnhm, Strong, Tallinadge, Taylor, James Thompson, YVil-
Jiam Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Turner, Van Dyke, Ven-
able, Vinton, Warren, Wenlworth, White, Wilinot, and
Wilson—120. ' '
So two-thirds not voting therefor, the rules were
not suspended, and leave was not granted for the
introduction of the bill.
The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Hilliard] desired a
separate question on suspending the rules, for the
purpose of receiving the other bill? (i. e. the bill
to authorize the people of California to form a
State government.)
Mr. HILLIARD answered in the affirmative.
The following is a Synopsis of the bill:
1 he bill proposes to authorize the people of that
po't'on of California west of the Sierra Nevada
ranee of mountains, lying between the parallels of
34° 30 and 41^ 30' north latitude, to form a con-
stitution, and apply for admission as a State, re-
serving to the United States all rights of property
ceded by the late treaty with Mexico free from
taxation by said State, together with the uower of
disposing of the same, and of adjusting all claims
and titles to land, derived from foreign govern-
ments, in such manner as Congress may prescribe
It is also provided, that until the next oenerai
census shall be taken, the State of California shall
be entitled to one representative in Congress. The !
bill also proposes to organize the remaining portion
of the territory lately acquired from Mexico (ex-
cept that given to Texas] into a territory, bearing
the name of Utah—the principal name already
there to be governed in such manner as Congress
may prescribe.
tarnished by the introduction of slavery in the ter-
ritories acquired as the result of that war; which
several resolutions were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
STATE OF ALABAMA.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, moved to suspend the
rules, to enable h i m to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole Hou^e be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration of the Senate hill
entitled " An act authonzing the payment of interest upon
the advances made by the State of Alabama for the use of
the United States Government in the suppression of the
Cieek Indian hostilities m 1836 and 1637, m Alabama," and
that it be now taken up and consideied'in the House until
disposed of.
The motion to suspend the rules prevailed, and
the resolution was received and agreed to.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
said bill; and it having been read—
Mr. COBB desired to call the attention of the
House particularly to an amendment which had
been reported to the bill. It is as follows:
Jlnd beit further enacted, Thatm ascertaimngtbeamount
of intere&t as aforesaid due to the Slate of Alabama, the fol-
lowing rule shall govern:
1st. That interest shall not be computed on any sum
which Alabama has not expended for the- use and benefit of
the United States as evidenced by the amount refunded or
repaid to the State of Alabama by the United States.
2d. That no interest shall be paid on any sum on which the
said State of Alabama did not either pay or Joae interest as
afoiesatd.
The amendment having been read- 
Mr. VINTON rose to make an inquiry. There
were, he said, several acts of Congress to settle the
claims of Virginia in which certain principles by
ji which the settlements were to be governed were
ji laid down. He wished to know whether this
[, amendment was a copy of the Virginia and other
■; acts? If so, the principles of these acts having
been settled by this House, after great considera-
lj tion, he saw no objection. If a new principle was
' introduced, it should be considered.
| Mr. COBB said it afforded him much pleasure
! to state that the amendment was precisely such an
; one as the gentleman (the chairman of the Com-
j mittee of Ways and Means) had reported at the
j last session.
ji said, if so, it was in accordance
| with, the Virginia amendment.
11 Mr. COBB (amidst much merriment) said that
| he was satisfied it was unnecessary to consume
; the time of the House in any lucid discussion on
, this bill. Every intelligent gentleman (and he
presumed every member of this House was such)
would embrace it at once. It was unnecessary
for him to debate it. The question was before
them. He was satisfied, from the indications he
■ had already witnessed, that the House was anx-
iously awaiting an opportunity to show its good
, feeling towards him, if he asked them for anything
! which was proper. He was satisfied that they
j were willing to give him so much as ten minutes
of their time to dispose of this bill. He moved
the previous question.
[ And there was a second.
I And the main question was ordered to be now
taken, (which mam question was first on the
I amendment.)
i And the question having been taken, the amencl-
. ment was agreed to.
; And the question then being on the third reading
I of the bill—
j Mr. CRISFIELD inquired of the Speaker if the
j bill was amendable?
j The SPEAKER said, No; the previous question
j was not exhausted. The question was on the third
] reading of the bill.
| Mr. CRISFIELD moved that the bill be laid
; upon the table.
! Andthe question having been taken, the House
^decided that the bill should not be laid on the table:
| Mr. CRISFIELD inquired of the Speaker if it
! was in order to move the recommitment of the bill?
The SPEAKER answered in the negative.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired if it was in order for
; any one but the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Cobb] to know anything about the bill?
1 Calls to order.
i _ The question was theristaken on the third read-
ing of the bill; and having been read a third time
( by its title, and the question being 011 the passage
i of the bill—
j Mr. INGE moved the previous question, which
; was seconded; and the main question was ordered
j to be now taken.
! After a conversation between Mr. ASHMUN
j and the SPEAKER on a point of order—
The main question was taken, and the bill was
RETROCESSION OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. FLOURNOY moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to introduce a bill (of which
previous notice had been given) for the retroces-
sion of the District of Columbia.
CLAIMS OP ALABAMA.
Mr. HARRIS moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill had been passed, and moved
that that motion be laid on the table.
Mr. ROOT asked the yeas and nays, which
werjp ordered;and being-taken, were yeas 114, nays
66.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barringer, Barrow
Beale, Bediuger, Bocock, Bojd, Bridges, Albert G. Brown,
Buckner. Buit, Cabell, Canby. Franklin Claik, Beverlv L.
Clarke, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cohb, Cocke,
; Collins, Daniel, Durhng, Dickey, Dickinson, Dunn, Edsall,
l Featherston, Fickiin, Fisher, Flournoy, French, Fulton,
Game?, Giddings, Groeley, Grinnell, Mo«es Hampton, Har-
alson, Ham®, Haskell, Hill, George S. Houston. Hunt, Inge,
Iverson, Jenkins, Robeit IV. Johnson, Jolm W. Jones. Kauf-
man, Kennon, Thomas Butler King, Lahm,La Sfcre, Win.
T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence, Leffier, Levin, Lincoln,
Lumpkin, Lynde, McClelland, McClernand, McHvauie,
McKay, Job Mann, Meade, Millei, Morns, Morse, Newell,
Nieoll, Pendleton, Petrie, Pettit, Peyton, Phelps, Pilsbiirv,
Pollock, Preston, Richardson, Richey, Robinson, Rockliillj*
John A. Rockwell, Ro«,e, Sawver. Shepperd, Simpson,
Slingerland, Smart, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Tiuman
Smith, Stanton, Starkweather, Stephens, Charles E. Stuaif,
Tallmadge, Taylor, Thibodeaux, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Robert A. Thomp>on, William Thompson, Thurston, Tomp-
kins, Toomb-s, Turner, Venable, Wentvvorflt, Wiley, Wil-
liams, Wilmst, and Woodward 114.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott. Ashmun, Bingham, Blackmar,
Blanchard, Bowlm, Boyden, Bradv, Brodhcad, Chapman,
Chngman, Cnllamrr, Conger, Cranston, Crisfield, Crovvelt,
Crozier. Dixon, Garnett Duncan, Edwards, Emhiee, Nathan
Evans, Farrelly, Freedley. Fries, Goggm, Gott, Nathan K.
Hall, James G. f-Iampton, Henry, Hilliard, Eiias B. Holme>,
Hubbard, Hudson, Irvin, James H. Johnson, Kelloia?, Daniel
P. King, Ligon, McDowell, McLane, Horace Mann, Marsh,
Marvin, Mulhn, Murphy, Nelson, Ne-*, Outlaw, Peaslee,
Peck, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, Roman, Root, Ruruspy,
St. John, Schenrk, Strohm, Strong, John B. Thompson,
Tuck, Warren, White, Wick, and Wilson—86.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
RETROCESSION AGAIN.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
