322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 22.
Mr. GREELEY moved an amendment to repeal
the act providing for the auxiliary guard of Wash-
ington.
The amendment was ruled out of order.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT PORTLAND.
Mr, GRINNELL, under the direction of the'
Committee on Commerce, moved an amendment
to appropriate, for the purchase of a building, to
be used for a post office, United States courts, and
custom-house, ut Portland, Maine, a sum not ex-
ceeding $150,000.
He stated that the appropriation was recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury, who
stated that sufficient accommodations were notnow
had for the custom-house at that port. There was
no doubt but it was for the interest of the United
States; the building had cost. $180,000, and could
now be purchased for $150,000. The revenue col-
lected at that port was over $200,000 per annum.
The appropriation was unanimously recommended
by the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, raised the point that the
amendment was not in order under the 81st rale.
The rule is as follows:
" No appropriation should be reported in such general
appropriation bills, or he in order a^an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, unles®
in continuation of appropriations for f-uch public works and
objects as are already in pio^i-ecc, and for contingencies for
cairying on the several departments of the Government."
The CHAIR overruled the objection, and de-
cided that the amendment was in order.
Mr. COBB appealed from the decision.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken and decided m the affirmative—ayes 91,
noes 34.
So the decision was sustained, and the question
was stated to be on the amendment.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BOWLIN moved an amendment to the
amendment to appropriate $75,000 for the purchase
of a site and the erection of a custom-house at St.
Louis, to be so constructed as to contain all the
public offices of the United Stales at that place.
It was not necessary, he said, for him to invite
the attention of the committee to the importance
of the city of St. Louis, and of its vast commerce.
was a port nf delivery; and besides a custom-
house, he enumerated a land office, an office of the
receiver and register of lands, a recorder's office,
a United States court-house, post office, a super-
intendency of Indian affairs, and a branch of the
independent treasury, for all of which offices, he
said, the Government of the United States was
now paying an enormous rent. His proposition
was, to erect a custom-house of suitable capacity
and arrangement to hold all these public oiTices,
  and relieve the Government from the payment of
these rents. It was absolutely necessary for the
increasing1 commerce of that port. Notwithstand-
ing it was twelve hundred miles from the ocean,
the amount of customs there received was almost
equal to that received at Portland, for which place
ail appropriation of $150,000 was recommended.
[Several -voices: 44 What is the amount of the
duties there coifected ?"]
Last year (Mr. B. replied) upwards of $75,000;
the year before last $50,000, and the amount was
increasing yearly.'
Mr. GRIHNELL inquired what was the amount
of rents paid by the Government for the public
offices in that city ?
Mr. BOWLIN replied that he was not certain
as to the exact amount, but he believed it was not
less than £.>,000 annually; all of which would be
saved by the erectioh of a single building,
Mr. WHITS inquired whether thisamendment
had been recommended by the Committee on Com-
merce, or been before that committee A
Mr. BOWLIN ronhed, that without the inves-
tigation of any committee, every gentleman knew
the importance of the city of St. Louis, and of its
vast and increasing commerce 
The hummer fell.
Mr. BOWLIN asked for tellers, who were or-
dered. (Messrs. Fulton and Clarke of Ken-
tucky.)
The question on the amendment to the amend-
ment was then taken, and deoided in the negative
-r-ayes 64, noes 52.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. °
Mr. FARAN moved to amend the amend-
ment, by adding an appropriation of seventy-five
thousand dollars for the purchase of a site for a
custom-house at Cincinnati.
Mr. FARAN, in explanation, said there were
more goods bonded at Cincinnati, and imported
directly from Europe, than at any other city in the
western country, except New Orleans. If gen-
tlemen would look to the receipts of customs,
they would see that the western merchants had
for years been importing their own goods direct
from Europe, and that Cincinnati was the great
point where they bonded them. If there was any
necessity at all for building these custom-houses
in the western country, outside of the city of New
Orleans, Cincinnati should not be overlooked.
The question wns taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
Some conversation followed between Mr. Grin'-
kell and the Chairman, on a point of order.
The question recurring on the amendment as
amended—
Mr. WENTWORTH said he had not intended
to offer any amendment at this time, because the
committee had generally been indisposed to adopt
any measure of this kind. But he would now
move to add the city of Chicago. He need not
tell gentlemen where Chicago was, or what was
its commerce 
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and requested
]j the gentleman to send his amendment in writing to
!; the Chair.
|j Mr. WENTWORTH put his amendment in
ji the form of an additional appropriation of £75,000
|! for a custom-house at Chicago.
This, Mr. W. said, was all they would ask. If
ji he was coriectly informed, St. Louis was not a
j; full collection district. It was merely a port of
^ delivery. Chicago was a full port of entry. Ves-
! j sels went from that port directly down the St. Law
■ rence to the ocean and back again. Revenue was
j: collectcd there. There was a register's and re-
l! ceiver's office, and a post office, and the last term
•j of the United States courts had been held there.
|l He hoped, if the House sustained one of these
appropriations, it would sustain the whole.
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired of Mr. Went-
worth, what was the amount of the tonnage and
of the duties collected at Chicago ?
Mr. WENTWORTH said the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] was as well pre-
pared to answer that question as he (Mr. W.) was.
He had not the statistics near him. But Chicago
was infinitely ahead of St. Louis. There was no
comparison.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and decided m the negative—
ayes 49, noes 70.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question then recurring on agreeing to the
amendment as amended—
Mr. RUMSEY moved so to-'amend it, as to add
at the end thereof the proviso, " if the Secretary of
the Treasury should deem such purchase expe-
dient," &c.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 72, noes 32; no quorum voting.
[Cries of u Call the roll."]
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired if it was in order tp
move that the committee rise?
The CHAIRMAN said, the motion was not
now in order.
Mr. VINTON said that if the committee should
now rise for want of a quorum, he hoped that the
call of the House would be carried out to the end.
Mr. HUNT, Mr. ASHMUN, and others, called
for a new count.
The question was again taken, and the vote
stood—ayes 74, noes 50.
So the amendment to the amendment was adopt-
ed.
The question then recurred on theamendxuentas
amended.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. VINTON. I hope not.
COBB. I hope so. Hope against hope.
Mr. VINTON. The committee has not paSs'ed
a single item of this bill to-day. I hope the motion
to rise will not be agreed to.
And the question was taken, and by ayes 47,
noes 72, was decided in the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Griknell as amended, was taken,' and the
amendment was rejected.
Mr, CHAPMAN moved the following amend-
ment:
To ieimbur$.e the Corpoiation of Washington one-half the
cost oi tli" City H.ilJ building, one-half theieuf beui" occu-
pied hy the circuit, district, Hud criminal courts °of the
United States, twentj'-nine thousand three hundred and sev-
enty-seven dollais and thirty-four cents, ($^377 34,) Oie
same to be expended in finis-hmuc the cxfcimr of the *<ijd
City Hall buildios by the Corporation of Washington, under
tiie direetittu of the President of ihe United States.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, raised the point that
the amendment was out of order, under thf 81st
rule (above ^iven).
The CHAIRMAN overruled the objection, and
decided the amendment in order.
Mr. CHAPMxVN briefly explained. He said
he presumed that gentlemen did not know the
importance of the amendment. It was for the pur-
pose of completing the City Hall in this city, it
was true, it was a building belonging to the Corpo-
ration of Washington; but it was equally true
that the Corporation had appropriated one-half of
the building to the use of the Government, and
it was used by the Government for its circuit,
district, and criminal courts, and for offices of
record and other offices attached to those courts.
The«act of March 3d, 1823, provided that a build-
ing should be obtained for holding the courts of
the United States; and the Corpoiation of this city,
in pursuance of that act, had set apart one-half of
this building for these purposes. The Corporation
hed expended over §58,000 towards the completion
of the building, so far as it had gone. It was now
asked that the Government appropriate one-half
of what the Corporation had appropriated. Were
gentlemen willing; that this building should remain
in its present unfinished condition? It was a dis-
grace to this metropolis; a disgrace to the Govern-
ment that it should remain so. In his judgment,
it was the duty of the Government to appropriate
every dollar that was necessary to finish this build-
ing, and put it in proper condition. The Corpo-
poration now asked that the Government reim-
burse them for one-half of what they had paid, and
proposed to apply that sum, not to their own pur-
poses, but to complete the building under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States.
Mr. FICKLIN (on a pro forma amendment) said
he understood that there had already been made
by Congress an appropriation of upwards of eleven
thousand dollars towards the erection of this build-
ing, in addition to the donation of the lot, and that
it now belonged to the Corporation, and that the
Government had no control over it. He was will-
ing that the Government should pay a reasonable
rent annually or in gross, but he thought that the
amount proposed was too large. He would like
to have a proviso attached, that before any of the
appropriation was expended, the city authorities
should first execute a conveyance to the Govern-
ment of one-half of the said building to the United
States; said conveyance to be approved of by the
Secretary of the Treasury. As the matter now
stood, they might appropriate §29,000 to complete'
the building, and it would be entirely within the
control of the city authorities, and the "Government
would be liable to be required to vacate it at any
moment.
The amendment of Mr. Chapman was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, offered an amend-
ment to provide for the execution, by an Ameri-
can artist, of portraits of each of the Presidents of
the United States, to be placed in the President's
House.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, raised the objection
that the amendment was not in order under the
81st rule.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the objection, and
ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. DICKINSON moved that the committee
rise. Rejected.
COAST SURVEY.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reduce the item for
the survey of the coast of the United States from
$186,000 to $1G5,000.
He stated that he did not wish to do away with
the coast survey, but he read from the report of the
superintendent of the survey, to show that the
officers had transcended the sphere of their appro-
priate duties, and instead of confining themselves
to the survey of the coast of the United States, had
been engaged in the survey of ro^ds, ponds, hiile,
