1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
&c.; and•that its surveys extended twenty-five
miles back into the country from the const. They
had &Uo surveyed every little creek to which they
had come; among others, (he creek which gentle-
men crossed in going to their boarding-houses, (the
Tiber,)"to its source. The appropriation for the
last year was $165,000; and he thought if (heir
operations were confined within the legitimate
sphere, that sum would be sufficient for the present
year.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VINTON moved the following; amend-
ment,^ come in between lmes 500 and 501:
For printing 2,uoO ehruts of the bay of San Francisco and
rivei Saeiamento, under resolution of the lioufae of Repre-
sentatives ot the 15th January, 1849, §260.
This amendment was agreed to.
PENNSYLVANIA. AVENUE.
Mr. SAWYER moved an amendment to strike
out the item "for completing the centre strip of
Pennsylvania avenue to 15th street west, $1,200."
He said they had appropriated $4,000 last year
for this work, aid none of the money had been
expended as directed in the appropriation. He
wished to know by whom the appropriation was
asked, and what was the necessity for it.
Mr. VINTON replied that the work was under
the supervision of the War Department, and he
read the estimate from that department of the sum
proposed in the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. VINTON" moved the following; amendment,
to come in between lines 503 and 504:
For publishing an atlas of charts of the surveys of the
northern and northwestern lake*, made nndir vanous ap-
propriations under the direction of the Rec-tetary of War,
$5,000.
For continuing the survey of the northern and northwest-
ern lakes, 410,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the committee rise.
Rejected.
ADULTERATED DRUGS AND MEDICINES.
The following item being under consideration:
For salaries of special examiners of drugs, medicines, and
chemical^, A6,6.">0—
Mr. EDWARDS moved an amendment to in-
crease the sum to $8,000, provided that hereafter
the salary of the examiner of drugs, medicines,
and chemicals, at the city of New York, should
be ^2,000, and that he be allowed a clerk at $1,000.
He said it was well known to the committee,
that during the last session of Congiess a law had
been passed to prohibit the importation of adul-
terated drugs and medicines. It was known by
gentlemen, or might be, from the report on their
tables, that a very large amount of such import-
ations had been detected at various ports, more
particularly at New York, into which port foor-
iifths of these importations were made. The gen-
tleman who was the examiner there was a man
of skill, integrity, and science, and now received
$1,600, a sum less tiian the ordinary appraisers of
that port. He labored all day in his office, and a
large part of the night in his laboratory, and he
(Mr. E.) learned from his report that lie had al-
ready passed $2,000,000 of coarser chemicals, m
addition to the duties which were enjoined upon
him, and he performed this immense labor at this
low salary. He proposed that the salary should
be increased to £2,000, which was the salary of
oidinary appraisers.
Mr. FICfCLIN inquired of the gentleman from
Ohio if this examiner was now allowed a clerk?
Mr. EDWARDS replied he was not.
Mr. FICKLIN made the point of order, then,
that the amendment was not in order, as the ap-
propriation was not authorised by law.
The CHAIRMAN was understood to overrule
the objection.
Tellers having been asked by Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, and refused—
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following item bein  under consideration:
For support, clothing, and medicinal treatment of insane
paupers ot the Di&tuct of Columbia, six thousand loui hun-
dred dollar-—
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to strike out
the item.
Mr. HALL, in explanation, said that he saw
no reason why the Government should support
the poor of the District of Columbia any more
than the poor of any other part of the Union.
The amendment, by ayes 21, noes not counted,
was rejected.
A motion was made (by whom the reporter
could not learn) that the committee rise; which
motion was rejected.
The following item being under consideration:
For the warden, clerk, physician, chnplain, three assist-
ant keep -rs, five guard-*, ami ine^enger of the. Penitentiary
of the District of Columbia, eight thousand five hundred and
fifty dollars.—
Mr. SAWYER moved to strike out $8,550, and
insert $6,283.
This amendment, Mr. S. said, would bring the
appropriation back to the point at which it stood
last year, and at which it had been for a number
of years. He saw no good reason why it should
be increased.
Mr. S. asked for tellers, who were ordered,
(Messrs. Venabt.e and Pollock.)
And the the question was taken, and decided hi
the negative—ayes 49, noes 73
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved that the Com-
mittee rise.
The motion having prevailed, the Committee
rose and reported progress.
Mr. McKAY save notice of a motion for leave
to introduce a bill to authorize the coinagc of one
dollar goid pieces at the mint of the United States
and its branches.
THE SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. GAINES asked leave at this time to pre-
sent thepetnionofSilasH. Hill and other members
of the City Council of Washington, praying the
abolition oftheslavetrade in theDistrictofColum-
bia, or that Congress would empower the authori-
ties of Washington and Georgetown to pass a law
to that effect.
Objections were made to the reception of the pe-
tition.
Mr. GAINES moved that the rules of the House
be suspended to enable him to present it.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the House ad-
journ.
And the question having been taken, the House
refused to ad journ.
Mr. VENABLE was understood to ask the yeas
and nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. BARRINGER de&ired to inquire of the
Chair whether the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Gaines] could not present his petition, under the
rule, at the Clerk's table.
The SPEAKER. Clearly so.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is not this petition from
the Common Council of the District? and is this
treating the petition respectfully? It is not usual
to put such petitions in under the rule. 1 ask that
it may be read.
Mr. GAINES. If I have the privilege to with-
draw the petition I will do so, giving notice that I
shall present it under the rule.
The SPEAKER. The petition is not in pos-
session of the House; the gentleman can withdraw
his motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. GAINES. I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. Then there is no question
before the House.
And thereupon, tfete House adjourned.
PETITIONS, FTC.
The following petitions, memorials, &,c., were piesented
under the rule, and ref-ncd :
Bv Mr. PALFREY. The petition of Mary A. Davis and
151 others ol A-hbnrnh;un, M-is^aelm-en- ; al-o, of Catha-
rine Gorton and other-., of U.mdtlhi Fork«, New York,—
seveially piajing CungrLSh to prevent the extension ot sla-
very, to withdraw the pioteetion ot Government from the
American slave trade, and to suppress &laveiy wherever
Congress has < ompetcnt jurisdiction.
By Mi. FARAN : The petition and aeeompam ing papers
ot Jo-epli C. Linn, for damage.* done the furniture ot his
steamboat m the transportation of volunteer* to their homes
troni New Oi I« ans
By Mr. HOLMES, of New York: The petition of 300
citizen-- of Pembroke, New York, m relation to the freedom
of the public lands
By Mr. ST. JOflN : The petition of citizens of Warwick,
Orange county, New Yotl<, pra\mg Congie-s that a giant of
land> be made to the Slate of Illinois to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from the upper and lower Mississippi to
Chicago.
I3\ Mi. SMITH, of Illinois: The petition of Wilson Holt
and 50 othei eitiz«n# of Perrv county, Illinois, praung a
giant of land to aid m con-truciing tiieccntial laihoad,con-
certing the uppei and lower Mis^Ss-ippi rivei with the chain
ol northern hike-- at Chicago.
By Mr. BLANCHAKD* The petition of sundry inhabit-
ants of East Barre township, Huntingdon county, Pennsyl-
vania, that a grant of lands be made to the State ol Illinois,
to aid in building a railroad from u^per and lower Missis-
sippi to Chicago, on the same conditions of the bill that
passed the Senate la>t session.
By Mr. CLARK, of Maine: The remonstrance of Benja-
min Given and 79 others., citizens of Nohlesboro', against
the division of Waldoboro' collection distnet.
By Mi. I'ARRELLY: The petition of Daniel Gibson and
many other citizens ot Meicei county, Pennsylvania, for a
resolution of the tariff of, 1&42. Also, the petition of citi-
zens of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, tor a po<t route
tioin Meadville to Tit««viHe.
CCJMMlNa?: The petition of G. W. Dingman and
odO other citizens of Tuscarawas and Coshocton counties
in the Slate of Ohio,piaynig lor the establishment of a mail
route from Chili, in Coshocton county, via Bakersville,
Buckhorn, Port Washington, and Gilmorc, to Cadwaiader,
in Tuscarawas.countv.
By Mr. GREELEY: The memorial of citizens of St.
Clmrsville, Ohio, in favor of directing the employment of
our national ves<els m transporting American citizens to
Califo ma. AI*o, the memonal of John Giecit and other
eihzen& of New Yoik, in favor of clunp postage, and no
t ranking. Also, the memorial of John M Kennedy and other
citizens ol Philadelphia, foj a leform in the mode of com-
puting Congressional mileage.
By Mi. RUNT: The memorial of Ileniy O'Rielly, con-
cerning the impeachment of Judge Monroe, and (or correct-
ing certain liauduient «chcuies for influencing legislative
and judicial action, and the operations of the Patent Office.
By Mr. FRKKDLEY: Five petitions, nmne ou*!v signed
by the woikingmen ot Monigomery county, Pennsylvania,
for an immediate modification of the levctiue laws, so as to
protoei our agncultmal and manufacturing interests against
depressions caused by having the surplus from foreign work-
shop* thiown upon om markets,
P>y Mi. WILLIAMS. The petition of citizens of Am-
herst and Auioia, m the county ot Hancock, and State of
Maine, for a change ot post route.
By Mr. STUART, ot Michigan: The petition of Charity
Chatfndd, of Mu lligan, widow of Joel Chatlleld, a soldier
of the Revolution, lor a pension.
By Mr. SIDNEY LAWUENCE : A resolution providing
ihat the "memoiial of Jonathan Elliot, IJeniv Burdock,
B. Thurston, W. Cranch, Thos>. L. ^'hruston, Samuel Bacon,
John P. Van Ness, and 1,056 other citizens of'the Di&tnctof
Columbia, piaying for the gradual abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia," now on the file* of the House, be
withdrawn therefrom, and retelled to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
By Mr. GAINES, The petition of Silas II. Hill and other
members of the City Councils of Washington, in the Di-Uiict
ol Columbia, praying Congiess to abrogate the slave trade
in said District, or to empower the authoime* of Washing-
ton and Georgetown to make law*-- to that effect.
Bv Mr. THOMPSON, ol Town: The pieamhle and reso-
lutions of the General Assembly of the State of Iowa, on
the, subject of piocmmg from Cungit'v* a < ompens-atum to
the citizen* of the. United States, icsditig in Iowa, for their
sei viees and expense in defending the southern boundary
of the Teriitory o( Iowa. AUo, the joint roo'.ution ot the
General Assembly of the Statu of Iowa, for a mail route
from Fort l)< s Moines to the East or Boon Fork of the
Des Moines river.
Bv Mi. CROWELL: The petition of Phineas Stevens,
Fred-rick A. Nash,and other®, citizens of Mnldh'bnrv, Sum-
mit county, Ohio, piaymg Congie?s to giant lands to the
State of Ilnnoi*, to aid in building a railroad Irom the Upper
and Lower Mi-^i-^ippi t<> Chicago.
By Mr. PILSBUitV : The. memorial of merchants, man-
ner*, and citizens of Galveston, tor a light-boat to he placed
off Galveston bar. Also, memorial of James K McCreary,
of Texas, for payment of a slave employed by a quartermas-
ter of the United States army, in Mexico.
By Mr. SLTNGERLAND: The. petition of I,. Benedict,
Jun., and 91 citizens of Albany, New York, praying for the
passage of a law establishing a cheap and uniform rate of
postage.
Bv Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware : The petition of citi-
zens ot that State, piaying foi cheap postage.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 523, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Secretary of War, enclosing a
list of contracts made by that department during
the last year; which, on motion of Mr. JOHN-
SON, of Louisiana, was ordered to he primed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting a report of Dr. Ed-
wards on the practical operation of the law for
the prevention of the importation of spurious and
adulterated dru^s and medicines-, which was or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a letter from Mr. Breese, Senator from
Illinois, resigning his situation as a regent of the
Smithsonian Institution.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, it was ordered
that the vacancy be filled by the Vice President.
RESOLUTIONS FROM THE STATE OF IOWA.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Ohio, m favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Iowa city to Keos&uqua,
in that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. D. also piesented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, praying the establishment of a mail
route from Fort Des Moines to the East or Boon
Fork of the Des Moines rivei; winch was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Pos£
Roads.
