1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
have decided upon maintaining it by evidence—
and evidence of the most conclusive character. I
hold in my hand a number of the National Intelli-
gencer, dated in November last, which contains a
letter signed " John McLean;" which letter is da-
ted October 26, whilst the Presidential conflict was
in fierce and fiery progress; which letter seems to
be written in response to one urging him to take
an active part in the Presidential contest; m which
tetter the learned Judge expresses himself as fol-
lows:
"My bear Sir: Your favor of the 16th instant was
received a day or two ago, and in answer I have to say, that
under jthe peculiar circumstances in winch I am placed, I
have deemed it prudent to refrain from any active, effort,
or the expression of any opinion, in regaid to thepiesent
contest for the Presidency. My views aie well known to be
in opposition to the extension ot slavery."
Then, after a long sentence, setting forth the im-
portance of u rousing the moral energies of the
people, and bringing them to bear upon the politi-
cal action of the country," he adds:
" An experience of more ihai* tluity yeais enables me to
sav that no refoi m can be hoped for under the lead of politi-
cal prize-fighters.'''
When we consider that in this letter the* Jud2:e
is formally announcing his own neutrality in the
Presidential contest, endeavoring to assign satis-
factory reasons to his correspondent for talcing no
part in the pending strife, it is difficult to avoid the
conclusion that in declining to follow "the lead of
political prize-fighters," he did intend to allude to
General Taylor, General Cass, &c. If he did not
intend to be thus understood, he was exceedingly
unfortunate in the selection of language; and I am
sure he would himself find it cjuite difficult to affix
a different interpretation to his words than I have
fJt authorized to adopt.
The next paragraph of the Judge's card is as
follows:
"The second accusation was, (hat 1 c urged upon Congress
* that no more pecuniary supplies shonld be voted for the
'maintenance of this war, in order that the Government might
*be foiced, for want of the sinews of war, to withdraw our
'victorious armies fiom the enemy's countr> in m->_raee,'
&.e I never uttered <mch a sentiment to any one," &e.
Let us see. In January last, when bills were
pending in Congress, whose object was to supply
to the Government the means, in men and money,
of prosecuting the war in Mexico with vigor and
effect, to the glorious consummation since realized,
Judge McLean wrote a letter, under date of the
7th of January, which was apparently prepared
for publication in the newspapers, a copy of which
is now before me, in the colurns ofNiles's National
Register, from which I read as follows:
"To all human appeaiances the termination of this miser-
able war with Mexico is more remote than when the first
blow was struck. In my judgment, it was unnecessarily and
unconstitutionally commenced by marching our army into
disputed territory in the possession ot Mexico; and I think
that Congress, who unquestionably have the power, should
put an end to the war on ju&t and honorable principles."
What the Judge considers " just and honorable
principles'' will presently appear. He proceeds
thus:
"After agreeing upon the tenns on which a treaty Khali be
made, they shonld call upon the Executive by resolution to
offer a p#>ace to Mexico upon that basis; and, during the ne-
gotiation , hostilities should be suspended. If the President
*hal! refuse to do this, in the military appropriation bills the
army should be requiitd to tnke such position as shall cairy
out the views ot Congress. The>e bills, the President could
not \eto,and he would be bound by their requirements. This
may be done by the House."'
After discussing very boldly the issuing of treas-
ury notes, and decidingagainstsuchameasure, the
Judge thus expresses himself:
To meet any deficiency of the levenue to pay the cur-
rent expenses of thf war, I would authorize loan« at par,
pajing not more than six per cent, interest; and if loans
•cannot be made at this late, let the Administration resort to
a system of taxation ["observe what follows] which, shall cause,
the people to feel Ike expense of the war. Jill wis should be
accompanied ly a system of direct and internal taxation.
Nothing short of thi> can shu< , m udditwn to the sacrifice of
life, ithtd we pay jor military glory," &.C.
In conclusion, he says:
" I iisk nothing in s-ayinsr that an attempt to adopt «uch a
system would wind up the Mexican war in sixty days. And
this shows that the war should be put an end to. This may
be done by Congressin ninety days, and I pray God that they
may do it."
Well, sir, in my judgment, such a prayer was as
unpatriotic as any I ever heard of. Had it been
answered, as no doubt it jvas fervently desired to
be—in other words, had the war been brought to
an end by such means as those mentione'd by
Judge McLean, to wit: by a grinding and merci-
less system of direct taxation, so as to " make the
people feel the expense" of prosecuting it further,
and thus, by disgusting them with it, the war
should have been made to terminate in sixty days
from the 7th of January, 1848, it is too evident for
denial that our " Government would have been
forced, tor the want of the sinews of war, to with-
draw our victorious armies from the enemy's
country in disgrace."
Judge McLean desired all this; he devoutly
prayed for it; and yet he now declares that he
never "uttered such a sentiment to any one."
The Judge's memory, it seems to me, is as un-
sound as his political morals, and I wish him a
speedy reformation of both.
The last allegation made by me against the
learned Judge he explicitly admits to be deserved.
He goes further, and, to my profound surprise,
and doubtless to thesurpnseof the whole country,
he dares to justify his conduct; even threatens to
repeat the oli'ence complained of whenever he may
feel inclined to do so. And that, perhaps, was the
most serious accusation preferred against him.
What was it? Why, that "he undertook to ad-
4 judicate a question before it had yet been submit-
i ted to him for decision, and which he well knew
' was more than likely to be presented for de-
' cision in the court where he sits with others for
the discharge of high judicial duties." The
Judge, after confessing the wilting of the letter in
question, concludes his card thus:
" Tin? is the first letter, so tar as I now remember, that I
have written tor publication within the last two years. As
a citizen, 1 claim the right, and cliall exercise it, ot forming
and expressing m> opinion on public measures."
In other woids, he claims the right, under such
circumstances as existed when he wiote the letter
under consideration, to write such a letter as the
following:
" Columbus, July 28, 1S48.
"Gentlemen: I have delajed an answer to your com-
munication of the 11th m-viant, that J might Jiav«, time tor
matuie reflection. Tln^ wa^ dne to )ou, to myself, to the
object, and perhaps to my country. 1 have endeavored to
coiitidei the matter in all its aspects and consequences."
After declining to permit his name to be sub-
mitted to the Duiialo convention for a Presidential
nomination, he thus concludes:
Resting upon the piiucipU* of the Constitution, a* they
have been judicially settled, the free States, by moderation,
viailance, ami limine^, may prevent the t.xten.-ion ol sla-
very to the free territory lately annexed. Without the sanc-
tion of law, slavery can no more exist jji a Territoiy than a
man can In cat he iiithout air. Slaves aie nut pro petty whete
they at e not made so by the municipal law. The J.cgislutwe
oj a Teriitory tan excrcise no puwei i; kick ;s noifo.ijared on
it by act of (Jongie&i 55
Suchjyas the gratuitous dictum of Justice Mc-
Lean upon the giave questions alluded to by him;
all of which, I maintain, he well knew to be open
questions at the date of his letter, non res adjudi-
cate; or, if not absolutely so, at any rate questions
concerning which the ablest legal minds of the
Republic were at issue—questions which, about
the date of his letters, or a little while before, un-
derwent a discussion m this Chamber not soon to
be forgotten, and to the result of which the whole
nation looked for weeks with breathless and in-
tense solicitude; questions difficult, exciting, and
of the utmost magnitude, for the regular adjudica-
tion of which by the Supreme Court of the United
States a plan had been most wisely and patriot-
ically devised, and«vln"ch, it was hoped by good
men and sound patriots everywhere, might yet
obtain Congressional sanction, and be instrumental
in rescuing the Republic from imminent peril—le-
estabhshing the old relations of fraternal kindness
between the northern and southern sections of the
Union.
These.questions yet remain unad justed. Justice
McLean' has disqualified himself for all participa-
tion in their future settlement. He has furnished
a most unfortunate example of judicial indiscretion
by the promulgation of his opinions through the
medium of the newspapers, which, if not properly
rebuked, may be heteafter imitated to an extent
both mischievous and disgraceful. He has de-
clined his determination to perpetrate a similar
outrage hereafter, whensoever he may choose.
He has mingled fiercely and ungraciously ill the
strife of political warfare. He has openly, ill the
midst of war with an obstinate foreign foe, taken
sides with that foe, and against his own country.
And now, when it is proposed to extend to him a
high privilege, and a Senator who is called upon
to vote in favor of extending to him the privilege
in question, in his place refuses to do so, and
assigns his reasons for such refusal, he is accused
I of uttering the language of unjust "abuse,"and
I his statements of fact most insultingly and arro-
j gantly contradicted. Not wishing again to incur
the charge of using abusive epithets, 1 shall ccffi-
tent myself, after declaring again most deliberately
my opinion that Justice McLean, for the reasons
made apparent in this debate, is wholly unfit to hold
and exercise the high office once occupied by men
whose fame is as enduring as the eternal moun-
tains, and the light of whose minds will irradiate
the pathway of justice so long as civilization and
law shall dwell among the children of men. \V4iat.
I mean by unfitness, I beg leave to signify by read-
ing the following short sentence from the pages of
one who, as an orator and writer, statesman and
philosopher, had no equal in Rome or Greece. I
cite from the second book of Cicero de Oratore,
page 953:
"Quern enim 110s 'ineptum' vocanms, is uiilii videtur ab
hoc riomen habere ductum, quod ' non' stt 'aptusidquem
sermoms nostri constietudine perlale patet. Nam qui aut,
tempus quid postufet, 11011 videt, ant plma loquitur, nut so
ostcmat, aut eoruni, 'julbllscuin of. vi l dignitatis, vel coiil-
modi ratiouem non hatiet, aut dentque m aliquo geaeie aut
iriconciniius, aut inultus est, is meptus dicitur."
Mr. KING. I hope my friend from Mississippi
will postpone his remarks, as there is public busi-
ness which needs attention, and I do not petceive
that the debate now proceeding is in order.
Mr. FOOTE. I hope my friend from Alabama
will not be impatient, as 1 am about bringing my
remarks to a close. 1 am sure that he would not
thus have interrupted me at all, had he heard my
opening remarks and known the facts which have
imposed upon me the necessity of addressing the
Senate at the present time. Mr. President, 1 was
about to conclude, when interrupted, with a short
extract from the Counsels, civil and nwral, of Sir
Francis Bacon, which I beg leave to commend to
the special respect of his honor, Justice McLean,
who will find in what I am about £0 read several
valuable hints from which he will be able to profit
materially, I hope, in that part of his public caieer
which he is yet to run:
"Judges ought to remember that (heir office is jus riicrrc,
and not jus dare; to interpret law, and not to make law, or
give law'. Else will it be like the authority claimed by the
Chinch of Rome, which, under pretext of exposition of
Scripture,doth not stick to add and ah  i, and to pronounce
that which they do not find ; and, by '-now of antiquity, to
introduce novelty.
"Judges ought to he more learned than witty, more rev-
erend than plausible, and tnoiu advised than confident.
Above all things, integrity is their portion and proper virtue.
Cursed (saith the law) is he that ranoveth ike t<xnd-m>nk\
The mitdavei of a mete stone i.-> tobl.uue; but it is the mvpiit
judge that i.-f the capital remover of' land-mark?, when he
defmeth amis?, of lands and pioperty. One foul sentence
doth more hurt than many loul examples lor these do but
coriupt the stream, the other coirupteth the fountain. So
saith Solomon. Foils iurbotus> et zona corrupta} est Justus
cadent in causa sua coram adversaria."
Mr. CORWIN. 1 do not rise, Mr. President,
to further interrupt the ordinary course of business
by the prolongation of this interlude, at all, but
only to acquit myself from a sort of imputation
which the Senator from Mississippi has pleased
to cast upon me.
Mr. FOOTE, (in his seat.) Not at all, sir. I
did not intend to cast any imputation upon the
gentleman.
Mr. CORWIN. Mr. President, I dare say,
from the apparent personal address which the Sen-
ator from Mississippi made to me, as one who did
not choose to rise here in defence of Judge Mc-
Lean upon the accusation presented by that gen-
tleman the other day, that he would have it in-
ferred—at least others qiight infer—that I, by my
silence, was yielding my acquiescence or agree-
ment to the views taken by him of those two
fugitive letters, out of which this grave charge has
been manufactured.
1 did not think it worth while, the other day,
when the Senator from Mississippi, on a motion
to amend a post office bill, took this view of the
conduct of my friend, Judge McLean, to say one
word in his defence; for, with the utmost defer-
ence in the world to the opinions then and now
expressed by the Senator from Mississippi, 1 did
not perceive that, with the facts before the public,
it was possible for his remarks to cast in any
mind, other than one very much like his own on
particular subjects, the slightest imputation what-
ever on the 'purity of chaiactor or the judicial
rectitude of Judge McLcan. All that 1 could pei •
ceive in the matter brought forth by the Senator
from Mississippi, was the expression of an opin-
ion upon two subjects about which everybody
knows there has been a vei y great contrariety of
