THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
opinion in this country. Judge McLean, in a
letter to some friend, who had evidently wrifen to
him on the subject, wishing to know his opinions
oh that great political question—the origin and
conduct of the Mexican war—had expressed his
views in relation to the matter upon which he was
interrogated. It may be possible he may be mis-
taken. In the minds of that class of politicians
who agree with the Senator from Mississippi upon
that subject, Judge McLean may have been con-
sidered in error in regard to the origin of the Mexi-
ca$ war, and the means which in his judgment
should be applied to bring it to a speedy ana hon-
orable termination. But is it possible that the
Senate of the United States is to be a court of error
upon the preferment of a charge by any one, either
in a newspaper or here, to conect the political
opinions of a Judge of the Supreme Court, who,
on being1 intertogated by one of his fellow-citizens
in a letter, ventures to express his views upon one
of these much-agitated topics? I could not con-
ceive that the Senate of the United States, or the
people of the United States, could expect that a
man, because he happens to hold the highly re-
spectable and responsible station of a judge of the
Supreme Court of the United States, can have no
opinion in common with his fellow-men upon a
subject that has called forth the expression of feel-
ing and opinions from almost e\ery citizen of the
Republic. 1 did not conceive that, because the
ermine, to which the Senator has so emphatically
alluded, is upon his shoulder, his tongue is there-
fore ever to be silent. He is entitled to a votp, in
common with every man in the Republic, for a
President, for a member of Congress, and of course
he must exercise his own judgment upon such
subjects with other men; and i had supposed that
such exercise of his judgment, and expression of
it too, would be tolerated by his fellow-citizens.
Mr. President, Judge McLean has said in a
Jettei to somebody (and really I do not know to
whom that letter was addressed, nor did J appre-
hend exactly its purport when alluded to the other
day by the Senator fiom Mississippi) that he sup-
poses slavery was notconsidered as having an exist-
ence in any country until its existence was estab-
lished byalaw. Forthat,I understand the Senator
from Mississippi thinks that Judge McLean is in
some degree culpable. Well, now, it seems that
the Supreme Court of the United States have, in
effect, so decided, and Judge McLean has referred
to the decision of the Supreme Court, which in his
judgment establishes this question of law. lie
has commented upon the decision of the court
which has thus adjudicated the question; and I
ask if it can be possibly manufactured into judicial
impropriety for a judge of the Supreme Couit to
repeat what aie the acknowledged decisions of that
court? 1 ask if it is likely that the people of this
country, who have very long and very properly
reposed great confidcnce m Judge McLean m va-
rious positions, political as well as judicial, can be
brought to believe hun guilty of moral turpitude
for such an act?
Mr. FOOTE. I? the Senator will allow mc to
interpose a suggestion here, I beg leave to say,
that the main question upon which Judge McLean
has expressed his opinion m the letter complained
of, is yet an open question, and utfdecided, in the
aspect of late given to it, by any court in this
country. 1 challenge the learned gentleman from
Ohio, or any other legal gentleman in the Republic,
to cite a single adjudication by the Supreme Court
of this Union upon this1 serious question. The
accomplished jurists here who cooperated in the
provision of the compromise bill of the last session,
all gravely and perseveringly insisted, in the de-
bate which, when that bill was befoie us, occurred
in .this Chamber, that this question had never
been adjudicated, and might, therefore, be properly
and wisely submitted to the Supreme Court for
decision. So urged the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
BerrjknJ and others. So most triumphantly ar-
gued, in our hearing, the distinguished Senator
from Georgia, who, in my judgment, successfully
urged that the tieaty of peace with Mexico, pro-
posed bcfoic, had so operated as to extend to all
territories acquired by that treaty the Constitution
of the United States, with all its fundamental
guarantees, m such manner as to enable the citi-
zens of the South to migrate to that region, carry-
ing with them their slave property, and being
-entitled to its recognition as properly, independ-
ent of alt legislation on the part of Congress, whose
authority to legislate at all on the subject was most
formally and solemnly denied. The learned Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Phelps] made an argu-
ment of great power and learning to the contrary;
but I have no recollection that the latter gentleman
ever contended that the question discussed by him
at such length had already been finally adjudicated
by the Supreme Court of the Union. It was wpon
this question,thus mooted here and elsewhere,that
Judge McLean thought proper to pronounce his
opinion,and in the face of the fact that it was more
than likely to come before him for exaniination
and adjudication. Let the Senator from Ohio deny
this, or vindicate it, if he can.
Mr. CORWIN. i thought that question was
settled before the date at which this letter was
written.
Mr. FOOTE. I stated the other day that the
bill, although defeated at the last sessioij, would
probably be revived during this session and passed.
Mr. CORWIN. I do not remember whether
that bill, to which the gentleman from Mississippi
has alluded, called the compromise bill, had gone
to its grave before th s lcirer was written by Judge
McLean or not, nor do I think it mateiial.
Judge McLean has only ventured to express, in
relation to the subject of slavery, what is the pre-
vailing professional opinion m that circuit in which
he resides. I am sine I am not mistaken in this;
and I dare say the Senator from Mississippi knows
it also. I do not intend, Mr. President, to enter
into a controversy heie in relation to the coriect-
ness of that opinion. I will only add to the high
uuthoiity of Judge McLean upon that subject, one
other—that is my own. I dare say the Senator
from Mississippi will consider that as settling the
question. [Laughter.] That will be lespecied, I
hope. It is my opinion, and I have not been able
to gather from BlcU-kstone's Commentaries any-
M thing to the contrary. I know that there are lew,
jj veiy few high authorities differing from Judge
lj McLean and myseifon that point. But if that be
[i the fact, does it necessarily follow, Mr. President,
when Judge McLean is meiely so unfortunate as
to differ from the Senator from Mississippi, and
other gentlemen of the highest professional re-
spectability in the country, that lie is therefore
unfit to preside in the circuit northwest of the Ohio
river, or sit upon the bench of the Supreme Court
of the United States? I ask the Senator fiom Mis-
sissippi, in all candor, if it would, under such cir-
cumstances, be quite fair to arraign m some sort as
criminal the conduct of a man for the mere expres-
sion of his opinion upon a mooted question of law?
Why, sir, if this were to be the rule by which we
would try the judges of the Supreme Court, we
should have to expel two or three of them from the
bench at every term. They have their books of
reports full of dissenting opinions.
I know the Senator fiom Mississippi feels much
upon this subject. 1 daie say he is anxious to
preserve the judicial purity of the bench. Hut
while he is guarding us on this vital point—and
all must give high commendation to the motive
which governs him in this—would it not be well
for the grave Senalois who sit here and listen to
these accusations, which can result in nothing but
recrimination, to lemember that we, too, under
certain circumstances, shoult^be enrobed in this
sacred and inviolable put pie, and that it would be
well for us not to piejudge any question which
may possibly come before us. If Judge McLean
has done anything unworthy of his judicial char-
acter, and worthy our notice at all, then 1 think he
has done that which ought to bring him before us
on an impeachment. Mow, then, would the Sen-
ator fiom Mississippi, with his judiciaf gravity,
backed by Bacon and Cicero, appear? I am afraid
that some here did not quite understand the gen-
tleman's Latin, and I beg the Senator to translate
it for the benefit of country gentlemen like myself.
How should we look with the ermine on our
shouldeis, if Judge McLean were here on trial?
We should doubtless strut through the scene with
Senatorial dignity, having prejudged the cause at
the instance of the Senator from Mississippi. I
dare say the Senator from Mississippi would sit
and adjudicate too upon this very question which
he had himself already prejudged ! I do not men-
tion this because I suppose it is possible for any i
one to conceive for a moment of the existence of |
an impeachment against this excellent gentleman, >
for anything contained in Jus letters declining to ]
become a candidate for the Presidency, unless, in- j
deed, you impeach a man for the rarest of ah qual-
ities, modesty, i do not know but the exhibition
or even possession of that quality may be by some
gentlemen considered a crime, but I do not think
there is anything in Bacon or Cicero that would
warrant us in taking off the head of the judge for
his exhibition of this amiable frailty.
■ I do not know, and I will not venture to state,
further than on the authority of Judge McLean
himself—and I read his letter very hastily that
the Supreme Court havedecided this very question;
but 1 think a fair interpretation of the judgment
of the Supreme Court in the case of Rhodes and
Slaughter, referred to by Judge McLean, \vould
warrant him in saying that they had decided a
proposition from-which it is deducible that slavery
is a matter of municipal legislation, and could not
exist without it. But he is not infallible—he may
be mistaken. I wish he was infallible. I wish
otheis, Mr. President, that 1 will not name, were
so too. [Laughter }
But I must say to the Senatorfrom Mississippi,
what I dare say he may have known or heard
of, that if it is supposed that the production of
these letters, or any possible inference that csn be
drawn* from them, will shake the confidence of
those who have known Judge McLean personally
during his whole political and judicial life, that all
who indulge in this belief will find themselves (as
mortal men often are) sadly mistaken. It will not
be belie\fcd that a man who has passed through the
stations which he has filled, with so little excep-
tion ever taken to his public conduct, has, at this
period of his life, gone so far astray as to forfeit
the good opinion of his fellow-citizens in that place
u hich he has occupied with so much honor to him-
self, and, I will venture to say, with so much use-
fulness to the country, which he has so faithfully
seived for twenty yeais.
Mr. President, let me again state that I do not
rise to picsent the slightest objection to the ex-
pression of the views the Senator from Mississippi
takes, knowing that they are honestly his own
peculiar views. Nor do I object m the slightest
degree to his promulgating his opinions of Judge
McLean or any other judge, at all times, and on
all occasions, anywhere and everywhere; but I felt
myself compelled, representing, as I do in part, the'
State in which Judge McLean has resided dunng
the whole of his matuie life, to say this much, lest
my friends might suppose (as the Senator from
Mississippi, I suppose, did) that 1 had silently ac-
quiesced jn the justness of his rematkson this and
a former occasion.
Mr. ICING. I was not present when this dis-
cussion fiist arose, and after coming to my seat
1 inquiied whether any charge had been made
against the Senator from Mississippi, from which •
he thoughtit necessary to vindicate himself, which
had given occasion for the remiuks which he was
addressing to the Senate; and being informed that
there was no such charge, I considered that the
practice of the Senate, which has been heretofore
uniformly observed, rendered it proper that I should
inteipose an objection to the further progiess of a
discussion which had no practical bearing upon?
the business before the Senate. I understand
now, however, that the Senator from Mississippi
has been arraigned in the official paper, in conse-
quence of some remarks that he made on a pre-
vious day. In such case I concen e it is proper
for the Senator to enter into such exposition as he
may conceive necessary for the purpose of setting
himself right in regard to the" matter. There have
been many instances in which Senators have exer-
cised the right of justifying themselves upon the
ilooi of the Senate, when they have been assailed
in the public newspapers. I shall say nothing in
regard to the charge or the imputation that is spo-
ken of; that is a matter for the country to decide
upon; I only rose to say that when I interposed,
it was with no intention of depriving the Senator
from Mississippi of the opportunity of making
any necessary explanation, but it was only to
guatd the Senate against what I at the moment
apprehended to be a" violation of the usages of the
body.
Mr. FOOTE. I am highly gratified at receiving
the kind explanation of my friend from Alabama;
it does not surprise me though; he has only ex-
hibited his characteristic courtesy and liberality.
I was sure that he would not have presented any
objection to my being allowed to vindicate myself
had he known of the necessity which demanded it-
