1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
320
consumption. The cotton fabrics of Lowell are
received on the satryj terms as those of Manches-
ter. The same remark is true of many other
products of our industry, of which we carry large
quantities into Canada for consumption. The
value of our productions annually introduced into
Canada, under these new provisions of law, is
stated, on high authority, to amount to more than
two millions of dollars. It is natural that the
Canadians should desire to send their produce to
' New York and Boston, to meet the trade which
has thus been opened to us—that they, having put
this trade upon the most liberal footing in respect
to us, should wish to export, on equal terms, such
means of payment as they possess in the products
of their own labor.
' Will the terms of exchange—perfect equality—
proposed by the bill be disadvantageous to us? I
propose to consider this question somewhat in de-
tail, although it would seem but fair that the liber-
' ality which lias been manifested by Canada towards
• us—a liberality by which we have greatly profited
—a liberality voluntarily extended to us, without
equivalent—should be reciprocated, without stop-
ping to weieh, with over-scrupulous exactness,
the precise balance of advantages and benefits.
In the first place, I believe it will be apparent,
by looking at the list of enumerated articles which
are proposed to be mutually received free of duty,
that ashes, flour, and lumber are the only ones
ever likely to be brought into the markets of the
United States in considerable quantities. Ashes
. we want, and at the cheapest price. In respect to
lumber, there is nothing to be apprehended. We
shall unquestionably receive some lumber in New
York, but I believe our timber districts do not fear
the competition. Besides, it will come to us chiefly
in the form of saw-logs for manufacture. New
York is almost the only State this competition
can affect; and if there is any risk, we are will-
ing to take it, in consideration of the geneial
advantage and convenience the measure prom-
ises to confer. It was apprehended by our friends
in Maine, that their interests might be injuri-
ously affected in this respect. But the bill is so
shaped as to avoid all interference with them.
It applies only to the direct trade with Canada.
Articles coming through New Brunswick or the
other British provinces-will continue on the old
footing. The lumber interest in Maine, there-
fore, will not be touched by the bill; and in all
other respects that State will in all probability
be as much benefited by it as any other. When
the railway between Portland and Montreal is
completed, the free commerce secured by the bill
must be of the greatest advantage.
Flour, in fact, is the only Canadian product
likely to come into competition with our own. Of
all the others—animals, hides, cheese, meats, &c.—
we shall export more largely into Canada than she
will export into the United States. The same re-
mark is applicable to corn, and indeed to most if
not all the breadstuffs, except wheat.
It is possible that in certain years—years of
scanty production in the United States, provided
they are years of abundance in Canada—we may
receive some wheat from her. But 1 do not believe
that the amount will even in those years (which
are very unlikely to occur) be sufficient to influ-
ence prices in the United Stales in a perceptible
degree. If the impoitation, however, shall in such
extraordinary cases prevent the price of gram fiom
becoming extravagantly high, it will be a public
benefit, by relieving the poor from the necessity
of eating dear bread. In years of ordinary abun-
dance I do not believe prices in the United States
will be at all affected by the importation of wheat
from Canada. The production of wheat in the
United States yields a surplus. Whenever prices
abroad are sufficient to sustain exportation, our
wheat finds lis way to foreign markets; and in
these cases it is the price in those markets which
fixes the price at home. I believe it may be stated
as a principle that the price of a product, which is
exported in any considerable quantity, is regulated
in the markets of the exporting country by the
price in the markets of the country to which the
export is made. Our own experience proves the
truth of this proposition. In 1847, when we were
exporting breadstuffs, the price of flour in New
York, the chief port of exportation, rose and fell
with the fluctuations of price in the British market
with as much certainty as the mercurial column in
the thermometer rises and falls with the variations
of external temperature. This fact should relieve
us from all apprehension as to the influence of this
bill on competition with Canada in the production
of wheat. She may send her flour to foreign
markets now, either by the St. Lawrence, or
through the United States in bond under the act of
1846, allowing a drawback of duties in certain
cases. It enters into competitioti with ours m
those markets now. The bill gives no new facility
or advantage' in this respect, except to relieve her
from custom-house formalities. 1 hold, then, that
the wheat of Canada can only have an influence on
the price in tire United States in very extraordinary
years not likely to occur and in years of exporta-
tion, by competition with us in the foreign market,
and that, in the latter respect, this influence is as
sensibly felt now as it would be under the pro-
visions of this bill. These considerations become
the more significant if it be true, as I suppose, that
wheat is henceforth to be one of our regular
exports.
What, then, are the advantages to be expected
from the proposed free interchange of products ?
The first is, to relieve the inhabitants of both
countries, and specially those on the frontier,
from the inconvenience of the custom-house in
respect to necessaries of common production and
daily use. The next is, to enable the Cana-
dians to export their produce through the Uni-
ted Stales to foreign markets without paying
duty at the frontier, and with a deduction of two
and a half per cent, on the drawback at the place
of exportation. The custom-house formalities seem
to have been a great obstacle to the use of our
canals and internal channels of communication by
the Canadians. From December 1,1846, to July 1,
1847, we leceiveil from all the British North Ameri-
can Provinces 929 bushels of grain of all kinds, and
no flour, while we sent them more than two mil-
lions of bushels of wheat during the year. Du-
ring the previous five months we received from all
the rest of the world 309 bushels of wheat and 54
cwt. of flour—equal to 27 barrels. The last year
the Canadians have used our canals more exten-
sively. The returns are not yet printed, but I
understand that at least 70,000 barrels of flour have
been exported through the United States. Whether
the experiment will succeed remains to be seen.
Mr. CLARKE. Will the Senator from New
York state where he obtained this information?
Mr. D1X. I have ascertained the fact from
'some statistical statements published in a newspa-
per at Oswego, containing the transactions at the
collector's office. This information is given in an
official form m the annual report on commerce and
navigation received yesterday; butl have not been
able to examine it. From the source I have before
referred to, 1 learn that 50,000 barrels of flour were
received at Oswego. At Buffalo the amount was
probably less.
The bill will undoubtedly lead to a free inter-
change of "products among the fi on tier inhabitants.
If, in the course of these exchanges, we receive
any Canada wheat for consumption, it must be in
the few individual cases in which the sellers of our
products to the Canadians are able to consume it
more freely. To a very limited extent it may
possibly reach a new class of consumers, who
will become exporters on a small scale, under this
bill. For instance, one of our frontier inhabitants
%vho, under the proposed arrangement, can carry
half a dozen sheep into Canada without paying
the duty of forty cents a head, now exacted by
the Canadian tanff, and bring back as many bush-
els of wheat without paying the twenty per cent,
duty imposed by our tariff, will save between three
and four dollars in an exchange ot products of the
value of twelve or thirteen dollars—a monstrous tax!
—and he may thus be enabled to eat wheat bread
for awhile, instead of living exclusively on the
coarser breadstuffs. This must be theonly effect in
ordinary years, when we produce more wheat than
werequirefor our own consumption. Wecan take
none from other countries, unless we consume it
1 more freely; and our increased consumption under
this bill must not only be extremely limited, but
of such a nature as not to interfere with our own
production. But these are very small matters,
hardly worthy to be taken into the account in an
estimate of large transactions..
Let me now test the truth of my position—that
we have nothing to fear from competition with
Canada in wheat-growing—by a resort to arith-
metical demonstrations. The population of Can-
ada is about half the population of New York.
That part of the province which was once politically
known as Upper Canada, and which, for distinc-
tion , I shall still call so, is the wheat-growing region.
The Lower portion does not produce enough for
its own consumption. It always draws largely
upon the Upper. The least failure of the crops in
the Lower would be sure to absorb the whole sur-
plus of the Upper. If there were any just ground of
apprehension in respect to our wheat-growing dis-
tricts, looking to general considerations, it would
be removed by the custom-house statistics of Can- -
ada for the year 1847—the great year of exportation
for American breadstuffs by reason of the famine
in Europe. 1 take for illustration the most unfa-
vorable year for my purpose—the year in which,
from unusual causes, the export of wheat bytjan-
ada was greatest. I do so that those from whom
I differ may have every advantage they can ask in
the argument. The quantity of flour imported in
that year-into Canada was about 84,000 barrels, .
and the quantity exported about 676,000: the
quantity of wheat imported 562,000 bushels, and
the quantity exported 668,000 bushels. The im-
ports, of course, were from the United States. *
The excess of exports over imports was 592,000
bairels of flour, and 106,000 bushels of wheat.
This entire export was probably to Great Britain,
her American islands, and her Atlantic provinces,
Nova Scotia and New Brunswick. Notwithstand-
ing this export of flour from Canada, New Bruns-
wick received from us, in the same year, over
100,000 barrels of flour, and Nova Scotia nearly as
much more.
The result of my inquiries is, that in ordinary
years the upper portion of Canada produces a sui-
plus of about 2,000,000 bushels of wheat, and that
a considerable part of this surplus is consumed by
the lower portion, including Ctuebec and Montreal,
and the demands for their shipping. In 1847 Can-
ada produced 4,560,967 bushels of wheat, and im-
ported 982,468bushels, (including flour,and estima-
ting one barrel of flour to be equal to five bushels of
wheat,) making an aggregate of 5,543,435 bushels
produced and imported. In the same year she ex-
ported 4,047,366 bushels, making a balance of
1,496,069 bushels consumed at home. This is less
than a bushel for each inhabitant—probably not
more than half her consumption in ordinary years.
But the price of wheat being extravagantly high,
the consumption must have been greatly dimin-
ished, for the purpose of exportation, by resorting
to the coarser grains for domestic use. The statis-
tical tables of earlier years prove the expoi t of 1847
to have been extraordinarily large. From 1838 to
1843 the annual export varied from 50,000 to
350,000 barrels; but in this last amount was inclu-
ded a large import from the United States. It is
not probable that her export is essentially different
when there are no unusual causes to stimulate ex-
portation. Taking one year with another, and
deducting from the entire export of wheat from
Canada an amount equal to that which we send to
her, to Nova Scotia and to New Brunswick, and I
doubt whether there will be much of -a balance
left. In 1847, which was an extraordinary year,
while Canada only exported 3,0G4,898 bushels of
wheat over her imports, we carried into the British
North American Provinces alone, in the sameyear,
2,279,068 bushels. While Canada produces less
than three bushels of wheat for each inhabitant, we
produce more than five and a half bushels for each
inhabitant; while she consumed in 1847 less than
one bushel of wheat for each inhabitant, we con-
sumed nearly four bushels and a half for each
inhabitant, notwithstanding the temptation of high
| prices to export and to consume cheaper bread-
j stuffs; while her entire product of wheat in 1847
! was four millions and a half of bushels, ours was
I over one hundred and fourteen millions of bushels,
i Against an export of less than six hundred thou-
i sand barrels of flour from Canada in 1847, (her
! excess over imports,) we exported nearly four and
a half millions of barrels; and against an export
of one hundred thousand bushels of wheat from
Canada, (excess over imports,) we exported nearly
four millions four hundred thousand bushels. In
the same year we exported twenty million bushels
of Indian corn and meal, while she exported none.
The idea that a million and a half of people, about
half the population of New York, with a soil far
less favorable to the growth of wheat than our
own, can successfully compete with us either in
the foreign or the domestic market, and injuriously
