1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
be opposed at the other?—that even freedom of
intercourse is to be discouraged and repelled, be-
cause it may by possibility lead to such aresultin
the future? I hope the intimation of the Senator
from Virginia is not to be so understood. If it is,
it is well that we know now in what manner our
•cooperation in the annexation of Texas and the
acquisition or-Florida is likely to be reciprocated.
Mr. HUNTER. The gentleman from New
York is mistaken if he supposes I urged this view
of the bill as an objection to it. I started the fact
without comment on it, or intimating cither an
approval or condemnation of it. I said that such
must be its purpose, for that the best arguments
urged in its favor seemed to be based upon some
such prospect in the future.
Mr. DIX. I am aware that the Senator did not
comment upon the intimation he made, though I
understood him to make it by way of objection to
the bill. But I am happy that he does not wjsh it
to be so received. While on thissubject, I desire to
say, that so far as I am concerned, so far as con-
cerns those with whom this measure originated, no
such design was ever imagined until it was sug-
gested by those to whom it seems to he unaccept-
able. I believe (though I am not sure) this prop-
osition came originally from Canada—from the
liberal party in Canada—^though it was cordially
acquiesced in on our side by those who supposed
they had a direct interest in it. Among the first
by whom it was publicly suggested, if I remem-
ber right, was the Secretary of the Treasury. He
has twice recommended it; and undoubtedly be-
cause he regarded it as a commercial arrangement
which would be beneficial to both parties.
I know personally many of the prominent men
in Canada. I know they are strongly opposed to
a separation from the mother country.- They de-
sire union with England fir&t, independence next,
annexation to the United States last of all. They
desire a free exchange of products with us, be-
cause they believe the existing restrictions upon our
commerce are prejudicial to both countries; and
they desire nothing more. What the feeling is
•with the great body of people in Canada, I have
no means of knowing. That they desire free
intercourse with us, there is no doubt. Beyond
that, I know nothing of their opinions or wishes.
For myself, I have heretofore spoken freely on
this subject. 1 would neither be forward in couit-
ing the annexation of adjacent States, nor back-
warden acceding to it. 1 would neither make
overtures nor repel them, without good cause. I
believe we are large enough for all the purposes of
security and strength; but I do not fear further ex-
tension, nor would I decline it when circumstances
render it convenient to ourselves or others.
Mr. President,this consideration has been urged,
and urged directly, as an objection to commercial
freedom between the United States and Canada. I
have recently- heard )t from the anti-libeial party
in Canada, who are for new restrictions on our
commerce. They arc in favor of existing restric-
tions as well as new ones, upon the ground that
free intercouse may lead to a political union be-
tween Canada and the United States. Th^Board
of Trade in Montreal, in a petition to the dueen,
on the 18th December last, prayed for a renewal
of the discriminating duty on American grain in
favor of colonial grain; and one of the reasons as-
signed was, that the recent changes in the commer-
cial relations of Canada had led to " a growing
4 commercial intercourse with the United States,
' giving rise to an opinion, which is daily gaining
4 ground on both sides of the boundary line, that
* the interests of the two countries, under the
< changed policy of the Imperial Government, are
' germane to each other, and under that system
4 must sooner or later be politically interwoven."
Whether this view be just or not, I do not be-
lieve the result is to be defeated in either of the
modes proposed—by a continuation of existing
restrictions, or by the imposition of new ones. I
believe the tendency of such measures will be to
hasten and to consummate the very end they are
intended to defeat. Let us see if it be not so. A
man at Champlain, New Vork, or Swanton, Ver-
mont, wishes to sell an ox to his neighbor in Can-
ada, living in sight of him, and take wheat in ex-
change. On making his entry at the Canadian
custom house, he is taxed ^7 on the importa-
tion of his ox. He brings say thirty-five bushels
of wheat, at §1 a bushel, and, on cnteiing them
at our custom-house, he is taxed 20 per cent, ad
valorem, ($7 more,)—fourteen dollars tax to the
two Governments fortheprivilege of exchanginghis
commodity with his neighbor, separated from him
in one case by a narrow sheet of water, and in the
other by an astronomical line. Now, 1 venture to
assert that these impositions will not long be sub-
mitted to on either side; and if they are not re-
moved by the two Governments, the inhabitants
of both countries will look to annexation as the
only practicable measure of relief. Sir, a liberal
policy is always the most wise as well as the most
just; and, I say again, that the people of the two
countries will not submit to such a system as I
have described—a system executed by an army
of custom-house officers on each side of the bound-
ary line, placed there to enforce exactions which
absolutely prohibit commercial intercourse, or to
fill their bags of plunder out of the hard earnings
of the frontier inhabitants. And I cannot believe
that those who advocate the doctrines of free trade
will sustain a state of things so utterly at variance
with their own principles; that they will be found
acting in unison with the anti-liberal party in Can-
ada, upholding commercial restrictions, which do
no good, against commercial freedom, which works
no injury; throwing impediments m the paths of
those who aie marked out by the gieat features of
the districts they inhabit for friendly intercourse,
and (Seating these embarrassments for the avowed
purpose of mnking them alien to each other.
Notwithstanding the opinion of the Senator from
Maryland, there is another consideration in favor
of this bill which I consider of vital importance to
us. We have earnestly desired, since the Ameri-
can Revolution, the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence. In 1826 it became the subject of diplomatic
correspondence between the two countries. The
discussion exhibits the high value we have attached
to this privilege. Indeed, we claimed it as a right;
and it was asserted as such by Mr. Clay m a letter
of great power and eloquence. The right was not
admitted by Great Britain, and the matter was
dropped. But there has been no period when we
would not have been willing to grant an equiva-
lent for a privilege in which, accoidmg to Mr.
Clay, nine States have an interest. Canada is now
desirous of granting it without equivalent. She
stands ready to puss a bill opening the free naviga-
tion of the St. Lawrence to our vetseU. Her Par-
liament is in session. The liberal party, which is
now m power, is about to bring the measuie for-
ward; and i am happy to say that Lord Elgin, the
Governor—a gentleman distinguished for an en-
lightened and liberal statesmanship—is m favor of
the measure. Its success is certain, if we do not
decline the reciprocity asked tor by this bill.
When the Senator from Maryland said that the
navigation of the St. Lawrence was useless to us,
he could hardly have been aware that ship canals
have been constructed around the falls of Niagaia,
and other points below, to connect the great lakes
with the Atlantic Ocean by way of the St. Lawrence,
and that vessels of thiee hundred and fifty tons pass
freely through these internal channels of commu-
nication. During the last summer, two of our reve-
nue vessels passed from Lake Erie and to Lake
Ontario, through the St. Lawrence, to the Atlantic.
When our .ships can go to Gluebec by sea and
meet vessels from our northwestern Slates, there
can be no doubt that large quantities of the ptod-
ucts of those States will be carried, in summer,
spring, and autumn, in this direction by our own
vessels to Europe. If this bill becomes a law, I
have no hesitation in predicting that vessels at no
distant day will be laden with wheat in Chicago,
Green Bay, Detroit, and Cleveland, and unlaue in
Live)pool. Ship-owners, producers, all will be
greatly benefited by this fiee cormneice, which
will have an advantage m avoiding tianshipment
between the point of embarkation and the sea, or
the foreign maiket. If the result is to filled m any
way producei sin tiie Mid die States, as ICen Lucky in
the West, and Maryland and Viigmia on the At-
lantic, it will be to relieve them from competition m
our own markets with the wheat-growers of Ohio,
Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin; and I greatly
err if gentlemen fiom the wheat-growing States do
not find themselves acting in direct contravention
of the interests of their constituents m opposing
this measure. In any point of view under which
the subject can be considered, the opening *f the
St. Lawrcnce wilt be of incalculable benefit. It
is, indeed, the"only outlet of the Northwest to the
sea for vessels of any magnitude—the only outlet
of this .kind they can ever have; for with all the
facilities for internal communication New York
possesses, a ship-canal through her territory is
opposed by physical obstacles too serious to be
overcome.
I believe the adoption of this great measure—$he
free navigation of the St. Lawrence—depends on
the passage of this bill. If the reciprocity it pro-
vides for ie refused, we cannot expect that Canada
will grant us what she considers as a boon, what
we claim as a risht, and what all must concede to
be a privilege of inestimable value. On the con-
trary, if the liberal course she has pursued is met
by an illiberal spirit in us, 1 fear she will be com-
pelled, in self-defence, to resoit to her old system
of differential duties, and to continue the restric-
tion on navigation. There is a strong party in
Canada in favor of this course. I have already
alluded to the anti-liberal party. I have quoted
their recent petition to the Clueen in favor of dis-
criminating duties on our products. And, air, I
greatly fear, if this bill is defeated, that we shall
put a weapon into their hands to be wielded to
our serious annoyance and injury. To with-
hold, therefore, a just measure of reciprocity, as I
verily believe, of mutual advantage to both parties,
would not only be exceedingly narrow in policy
on our part, but, like all selfishness, it would de-
feat itself, and result in a loss of benefits we already
enjoy. These benefits, as I have already shown,
are—first, [equal duties in Canada oh American
and British goods; and second, a market for at
least three millions of dollars in value of the prod-
ucts of our industry.
Mr. DAYTON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him? The statement of facts he makes is
important; and I dcsii? to know on what authority
he says that our manufactured articles are received
in Canada on the same terms as those of Great
Britain.
Mr. DIX. I state it on the authority of the
Canadian tariff, which I shall be happy to show
the Senator from New Jersey; and I will add,
that large quantities of our manufactures are car-
ried into Canada for consumption—iron castings,
coarse cottons, and a vaiiety of ai tides sent from
theNew England States, New Jersey, and Pennsyl-
vania. To these States the increased intercourse
proposed by this bill will be of great importance.
The prospective benefit (which we should reject
by a narrow policy) is the free navigation of the*
St. Lawience—one of the highest prizes offered
to the commercial enterprise of the country for
many years. It will also carry with it the appli-
cation, which we have always contended for, of
a principle of the greatest value in international
intercouise—a principle generally conceded in Eu-
rope, since the report of Baron Humboldt—the
right of riparian States to an outlet to the sea by
the water-courses on which they border. These
seem to me to be advantages which far outweigh .
in importance any considerations of pecuniary
profit to be drawn from a close computation of
the number of bushels of wheat which may be
reciprocally received and exported; though, eyen
on this narrow ground, I trust I have shown that
we are not likely to be losers by the competition.
There is another view of the subject which, I con-
fess, weighs greatly with me. The liberal party in
Canada has been struggling for years to obtain the
measure of political and commeicial freedom to
which they believe every community of men to
be fairly entitled. Commercial freedom they have
secured—not fully, but so far as to give them the
regulation of the impost: political freedom, so far
as to give the popular voice a control over all car-
dinal bubjccts of internal administration and ex-
ternal irteicourse. The first use they have made
of this partial independence of the mother country
is to tender to us the most liberal terms of com-
mercial exchange. They have extended to us
these benefits without equivalent. We have en-
joyed them for nearly two years with great ad-
vantage. They now ask equality in exchanging
a few agricultural productions common to bath
countries. Sir, I should deeply iegret that the
United States, powerful and populous as they are,
should withhold from a comparatively weak and
dependent neighbor a privilege claimed on grounds
so fair in themselves, and so entirely in accordance
with the liberal principles by which we profess to
be governed. It would be but a poor encourage-
ment to a country adopting our political maxims
to some extent,and carrying them into the admm-
