834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 23,
ment that such is the fact, and that the money is
required; and the Secretary recommends an ap-
propriation, and the committee report upon it.
The trouble in the present case is, that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has not been applied to to
trecommend it. The gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Johnson,] by his diligence, secured the ap-
propriation for Napoleon which has just gone into
the bill.
Some conversation followed between Mr. BOW-
LIN and Mr. VINTON, of which nothing was
heard by the reporter.
Mr. JOHNSON continued. It was, he thought,
nothing more than just that the appropriations
should be made, inasmuch as it had been fully
contemplated that this hospital should be built.
St. Louis was a very important point. The inten-
tion was, that a hospital should have been estab-
lished there at the same time that it had been es-
tablished at the other places; and the money ought
to be in the treasury, to secure the completion of
the title to the site. He hoped the appropriation
" would be made.
Mr. HUNT (pro forma) renewed the amend-
ment. If, he said, this were a new proposition,
he should concur in the views which had been
expressed by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vim-
toot] But Congress had, some years ago, directed
that a hospital should be built at St. Louis, in
the year 1842 an appropriation had been made for
the purchase of a site. The same bill contained
appropriations for similar objects at Napoleon,
Louisville, and other placcs. At the last session
it was understood that all these sites, except Na-
poleon, (Mr. H. was understood to say,) had been
secured; and a bill was reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce making appropriations for
them. These appropriations were passed as
amendments to the appropriation bill. The present
Congress, as well as the Congress of 1842, had
decided that an appropriation should be made for
St. Louis, gut it now seemed that the title to the
site had not been perfected, and the appropriation
went for nothing.
Mr. VINTON inquired why the title to the land
had not been perfected ?
0 Mr. BOWXIN explained, that the person who
had contracted for the sale of the land backed out
before Congress appropriated the money.
A brief conversation followed between Mr
BOW LIN and Mr. VINTON.
Mr. HUNT was understood to say that the
report of the War Department at the last session of
Congress went to show that the titles had been per-
fected to all the sites except that of Napoleon. He
thought that, inasmuch as Congress had determined
that a hospital should be built at St. Louis, (which
was a very impmtant point in the country,) the
appropriation ought not to be defeated on a mere
formality. He thought the appropriation was just
and necessary.
Mr. BOWLIN demanded tellers on his amend-
ment, which were ordered, (Messrs. Edwards and
J011NS.0.v, of New Hampshire.)
And the question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 7D, noes 45.
So the amendment was agreed to,
Mr.'SMlTH, of Illinois, moved the following
amendment:
For purchasing a site and building a hospital at or near
Cairo, 111 the State of Illinois, twenty thousand dollars.
Mr. S., in explanation, proceeded to remark,
that he was m favor of all appropriations desirable
for sailors and boatmen.
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and decided the
amendment to be out of order.
HOSPITAL FUND.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, moved the fol-
lowing amendment;
To enable tiie Secretary of the Treasury tocoileet (acts
awl infonnnti<m in lelation to marine hospitals and the ina-
nne lios-pifrii fund, aisri to report to Congress what altera-
tions and improvements are necessary and practicable in the
uthumUltation of the same, $1,000.
Mr. K., in explanation, said that there had been
no general legislation on the subject of marine
hospitals since 1802. Until within a few years, the
marine hospituls had been confined to the Atlantic
board. Appropriations had now been made for
ten hospitals on the inland waters. Under the law
of 1798, there were collected, for the support of all
the maune hospitals, about one hundred thousand
dollars. This sum had been expended upon hos-
pitals already in operation, and appropriations had
been required from year to year to supply deficien-
cies. During the present year, with only six hos-
pitals in operation, an appropriation of fifteen
thousand dollars was required to supply the defi-
ciency.
There was no general law establishing the sala-
ries of physician, or steward, or other officers. If
ten more hospitals were to be put in operation,
something must be done to raise the requisite funds,
and to a sufficient amount. A hospital tax of one
dollar and twenty cents was now levied upon sailors.
Congress was the guardian of this fund, and unless
it imposed some general regulations, it was certain
that the purposes for which the money was raised
would be lost sight of.
There were, he had said, six hospitals now in
operation on the Atlantic board: at New Orleans,
at Key West, at Mobile, at Charleston, at Nor-
folk, mid at Chelsea. Ten more had been autho-
rized. Where was the money to come from by
which beds were to be purchased ? The money
already raised was entirely used up. H.e wished
to bring the matter to the consideration of Con-
gress, in order that the utmost possible good might
be effected by this marine hospital fund. The
Secretary of the Treasury had been consulted, and
was also anxious that the subject should be laid
before Congress. He believed, (hat by autho-
rizing the Secretary of the Treasury to apply this
small sum to obtain information, and to submit to
Congress some regular system which might be
put into practical operation, a. measure would be
adopted calculated to promote the best inteiests of
the sailors and the boatmen, if the Secretary of
the Treasury did not deem the matter impoitant,
he would not authorize the expenditure of the
money.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DICKINSON moved the following amend-
ment:
For the purpose of defraying the Expense of a geological :
and mineulngical examination ot that poihon of Cahloj m.i j
and New Mexico adjoining the benndaiy line to be estab- ;
jished between the United States and tho Republic of AJox- 1
ko,five thousand dollars, out of the fifiy tliou-.tnd heretotuie !
appropriated for the expense of running said bmmdarv Jine, I
is heicbj appiopriated. And such examination shall he ,
under the charge oi t\h' coiumis-ionei oi the United States |
eniploved in lunning^aid line, but not to prejudice the run- 1
iimit ot said boundary hue. ]
.Mr. DICKINSON, in explanation, said that he >
considered it a good opportunity and a proper time
for a geological and rnmeralogical examination to
be made, because it could be earned on under the
protection of the escort that would attend the sur-
veying party and the commissioners to run the
boundary line. He submitted the proposition now,
because hereafter the undertaking, in the absence
of the opportunity that now offered, would be an
expensive one. He had not, it would be seen,
asked foranyadditionalappropriation. He merely
proposed that five thousand dollars should be ap-
plied to the purpose out of the fifty thousand dol-
lars appropriated last year to run the boundary
line between the Government of the United States
and the Republic of Mexico.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut,called for the lead-
ing of the amendment; which having been again
read—
ASHMUN" said that he understood the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dick-
inson] authorized a geological and raineralogieal
examination to be made in connection with a com-
mission that was supposed £p be established.
For the purpose alone of making the remarks he
(Mr. A.) desired to make, he would move to strike
out the last line of the amendment. I
Now, he wished to inquiie what law there was j
in the United States which authorized the establish- i
ment of any commission—any geological survey—■ j
or anything else—a commission even to survey a I
boundary line between us and Mexico. Last year lj
Congress did appropriate money for the purpose, I!
but they had passed no law, they had established' !j
no office, and they had fixed no salary; yet he un- ii
derstood that a commissioner had been nominated !
by the President and confirmed by the Senate;
and the President of his own will, power, and dis- >'
cretion, had fixed the salary of that commissioner i
as he (Mr. A.) was informed. He had not risen |!
to discuss the question, but to call attention to the ||
fact, that without a law, without a salary having ■
been fixed, without a law creating the office, there j|
had been an officer appointed on the part of the
United States, and that the Presidentnf hisown dig.
cretion had fixed the salary of that officer at five"
thousand dollars.
Mr. DICKINSON" interposed, and inquired if
a treaty had not been made and ratified between
Mexico and the United States, authorizing the
running of this boundary line? °
The CHAIRMAN leminde'd the gentleman that
the rule required that debate on these amendments
should be confined within very narrow limits.
Mr. ASHMUN stated, however, (in reply to
Mr. Dickinson,) that there was a treaty, and that
treaty required the Government to establish the
office of a commissioner, and fix his salary; but-it
did not authorize the President to do it.
The amendment of Mr. Dickinson was rejected.
FOREIGN MINISTERS.
The following item being under consideration,
which provides—
For ibe Milan's of ministers of the United States to Great
Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain, and Brazil-
Mr. GREELEY moved an amendment to strike
out Russia, Prussia, Spain, and Brazil, with the
view (he said) of moving to make them ministers
resident.
He said that these officers, styled in the bill
" ministers," were usually known under the title
of ministers plenipotentiary and envoys extraor-
dinary. They received a salary of $9,000, an
outfit of $9,000, and an infit of $4,500. It seemed
to him, that in the present state of our foreign re-
lations, there was no necessity for our retaining
ministers plenipotentiary at these courts. The
( grade of ministers resident would be abundantly
! sufficient; they received a salary of §6,000, and,
j he believed, no outfit. It was well known the pay
j and emoluments of envoys extraordinary being
, such as he had stated, that a gentleman was ap-
! pointed—say as minister to Russia, because he
had somd" claims upon the President of the United
States, or upon the party in power. He took this
post of minister to Russia, staid three or four
months, and often less time than that, and returned,
pocketing this $22,500. He would like to have a
minister who would remain, who would become
known, and acquire influence and respect there.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (interposing.) Our offi-
cers (i. e. those of Democratic appointment) will all
stay there; they don't wish to come home.
Mr. GREELEY (continuing) referred to the
present convulsed state of Europe, and said there
would doubtless be in a few months a German
Empire; to that German Empire he would send a
minister of the highest grade.. But if that was done,
we certainly did not need §t minister plenipoten-
tiary to Prussia.
Ihe amendment of Mr. Greeley was rejected.
THE INCOMING ADMINISTRATION.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, moved an amend-
ment, to add at the end line 642—
And for outfits of paid ministers $563,000, or so much
tlleieot'as may be necessary.
He explained that he was instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to move tins amendment,
for the purpose 5f investing the new Administra-
tion with the power of making such changes m the
diplomatic corps as they might deem, under the
circumsianccs of the case, expedient and proper.
He could not, of course, know what might be the
views of the new Administration upon the subject,
but he found a precedent for this amendment in
the appropriation bill passed at the session imme-
diately preceding the commencement of the present
Administration, i. e. at the last session of the twen-
ty-eighth Congress. [He read the item which pro-
vided for outfits of ministers $63,000, "or so much
thereof as might be necessary."]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, moved to insert
the following at the end of line 653 (printed bill:)
And fur outfits of said charges des aft'aires, $76,500. or
so mud] theieul as may be neeessary.
Agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to strike out in theitem
providing for charges des affaires, the words Naples
and the Papal States, with the view, he said, of
moving, at a subsequent part of the bill, to insert a
provision for salary and outfit of a minister in lieu
of the two charges.
The amendment was rejected.
