1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
Mr. MARSII moved to insert the following, be-
tween lines 670 and 671, (printed bill:)
Foi comp"mation to Peter Parkei ? Seeietary of Legation
and Chinese Interpreter, at Canton, lor ins sei vices as Charge
d'Affanesof the United States at said place, Mom Hie 28th
day of June, 18-17, to the gist day of August, 1848, being the
interval between the death of Alexander Everett, late Com- ,
nussioner at Canton, and the actual arrival of John W. :
Davis, the present Commissioner, siller the rate of $4,500 per ,
annum, (deducting his salary as such secretary, and £2,000 j
already paid him towards said seivice,) the sum of $295 92. ,
Agreed to. I
- Mr. SCHENCK moved to insert the following: ;
For the salary and outfit of a ifimtsier to Naples ami the |
Papal Stairs, ^lb.000 in lieu ol salancs ot charges des ai- ,
fairs to those countries.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 58, nops 63.
Mr. EMBREE moved an amendment, which, ;
having briefly explained, he withdrew at the >
suggestion of Mr. Vinton, to offer it at a subse- ;
quent part of the bill. \
Mr. VINTON moved to insert the following |
after line 683, (printed hill.) which was agreed to: ;
For office rent of the consul at Basle, m Switzerland, |
' ;
Mr. VINTON moved the following, as an ad" ;
ditiomd section:. \
Be it fuither enacted, That the piovj^o to the 19th section 1
of the act of the aSth of Jam; iry, ISw^entitied   An act J
authorizing the i>sue ot tieasuiy notes, a loan, and for other ,
purposes," be, and the same is hereby, repc aled. J
Mr. V. stated, m explanation, that the loan act j
of March, 1847, set apart the proceeds of the pub- i
lie lands for the payment of the interest and pnn- '
cipal of the debt thereby crcated. It diiected, that
out of the proceeds of the public lands the interest
should first be paid, and that the residue should
be applied to the purchase of the stock, provided
that it should not be purchased above par The
consequence of this proviso was, that while'the
stock remained above par, the surplus of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands, after paying
the interest, must he as a dead fund in the treas-
ury, while the Government was paying interest
on the debt tor the period of twenty yeais, at the
expiration of which the stock became redeemable ;
by its own limitation. The Committee of Ways '
and Means had had this subject under considera- j
Hon, and directed him (Mr. V.) to have an inter-
view with the Secretary of the Treasury upon the
subject, who said, that in his opinion, this would j
be a very wise regulation, and that jt would have
the effect of enlaigmg the margin which the Secre- 1
tary of the Treasury would have whenever it was .
in his power to purchase any portion of the public i
debt. He mentioned the instance which occurred :
during the last autumn, when the Secretary of the
Txeasury went into the market for the purpose of
purchasing half a milhoy of stock; under this law,
as the stock was above par, he could purchase
none of this description of stock; as a matter of
course, the number of sellers was compaiatively
restricted, as all those who would have been sell-
ers under the act *of 1847 were not open to him.
The effect of this amendment would be to autho- j
rize the Secretary of the Treasury, whenever he !
had the money to do it, to go into the market and j
puichase the stock at the market price. ;
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, (on a pro ■
forma amendment,) said he perceived, from the re- *
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, laid before |
Congress at the present session, that he had, as
he (Mr. R.) thought, in violation of law, or of a
fair construction of the act, gone into market with
the view of purchasing some ot the treasury notes
or stock which had been previously issued. For
his own part, he was unwilling to incrca.se the
power of the Secretary of the Treasury, as was
here proposed, thus to go into the market and
make these purchases. The effect of it wouid be,
f to enable the Secretary, any time he saw fit, to
give an undue inflation to the stocks of the United
States, which might be in the hands of individuals.
If he lud the power, because there happened to
be a little money m the treasury, of going into
the market immediately, and paying whatever he
had a mind to, he would be enabled to laise or to
depress the prices of the siocks at his pleasure.
He (Mr. R.) was not willing to give that power.
What had been the course of the Secretary ot
the Treasury during the last year? Because there
had happened to be a little amount ot money in
the treasury, he had gone into the market and
bought up half a million of our stocks, and that,
too, within a very few months after Congress had
authorized a loan to raise the money: so that we
were borrowing money to be used in going into
the marketand raising the prices of our own stocks.
He had no hesitation in saying that this invest-
ment of power might lead to the most outrageous
abuses in the hands of a Secretary who was so
disposed.
Mr. VINTON explained that this amendment
would only authorize the Secietary of the Treas-
ury to use the money which was leceived from the
sales of the public lands; and as he (Mr. V.) had
before said, if it was not used in that way, it would j
remain a dead fund in the treasury, while the Gov- j
eminent was paying six per cent, interest on its j
stocks. i
Mr. ROCKWELL said he understood perfectly j
that this amendment would apply only to the mon- (
eys received from the sales of the public lands, but j
those moneys amounted of themselves to about [
^3,000,000 per annum; and if this was used by the I.
Government in buying in its stocks, after the in-j
terest was paid, the ctlect would be enormously to ;
inflate the value of the stocks jn rnaiket, for the j
lipklers would, of course, hold on to the stock, and j
demand higher prices when they knew the Secre-
tary of the Treasury was m the market prepared j
to buy at the market prices. \
With regard to this fund remaining in the treas- !
ury, it never had been held as a dead fund, but:
had always been used like any other-fund. It:
was not set apart; it was not placed by itself and !
so kept as money that could not be used; but it '
was used like the ordinary funds of the Govern- 1
ment, and should be used after paying the interest •
of the public debt for which payment it was j
pledged. The amount was large, and if placed in |
the hands of the Secretary of theTreasuty to pur- j
chase our stocks at the market price, the effect j
would be most deleterious to the public interests, j
He was proceeding to speak of the fact, that the |
Secretary of the Treasury had, during the last
year, loaned some $800,U00 m the city of New
i'ork, m his (Mr. it.'s) judgment, in violation
of law, when—
The hammer fell.
Mr. NICOLL (on a pro forma amendment) said
the gentleman from Connecticut &eemed to over-
look the fact, that the Secretary of the Treasury
now had the power to buy m the loan ot last
winter at the current market rates. He (Mr. N.)
could see no objection to extending that power
so as to embrace the loan of 1^47; instead ot prov-
ing injurious, it would give a larger field, and
therefoie enable the Government to buy m the :
loan at bettei terms than it otherwise could. As '
the chanman of the Committee of Ways and
Means had stated, this fund from the sales of the
public lands (after paying the interest) must be
idle, unless this power were given to the Secretary
of the Treasury. ™
The amendment of Mr. Vinton was agreed to.
PAY OF MEMBERS.
Mr. GREELEY offered the following amend-
ment :
Sec. 4. J3nd be it further enacted, That from the compen-
sation of each Senator ami Representative hi Cuijjov.-m., as
fixed by the tir.-t section ot tins act, theie shall be deducted,
on settlement, an amount propoi tiomU, as eouipai <-d with the
whole number of days during which The House ol winch he
is a member shall have b<jun actually in vcs^on, to the num-
ber of days ot -aid ses>iun during wmdi lie shall have hern ]j
absent tioai his beat, ext ept lor tilth poition ol said absence ;
a's shall have been cau-cd b) hi** own m< kne-o oi b\ hi? ii
d.'votion to official duUe- elsew here, under the written order , I
ol the picsidimr oihcer ol said llou-f ; acd-uch Senatoi or 1 j
memb> r, in pre. entuig hi- account tor pajmeni. >h«li state j i
m Willing the lull number ot da}-; dunny winch he ^hall \\
have heen ab.-ent liom his scat .it said sc-sion, and what i1
portion ot said absence w\ts- endered ue<:< ^ary ny his own j
sickness or by the unlet ot the presiding olrii er ti- ufurc-aid, j |
whu h statement shall be tiled and printed with the accounts ,
ot Coiigie->f. j!
Mr. GREELEY explained. This amendment, 1
he said, was based upon remarks winch had been ;
made by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. i
Venable,] and the gentleman from Mississippi, \
[Mr. Brown,] who'had very forcibly explained
the abuses caused by the absence of members from ■
thetr seats, and by the consequent ncalect of the ;
public business, it was a wrong to the constitu- ;
ent, it was awreng to the country, it was a wrong ■
to those members who remained at their posts.
Under the compensation law, which was provided I
for in the first section of the bill, by which mem- ;
bers were to receive a salary of two thousanu dol- |
lars a year, much more aouse would exist than ;
existed at piesent. A member no\y received eight '
dollars per day. He had some conscience about
being absent any long time, on account of the pay
he received. But with a fixed salary, he would go
off for any indefinite period, and practice Jaw at
Boston, Cincinnati, Richmond, and other parts, to
the detriment of the public business, and to the
injury of those who remained here to attend to it.
The amendment was rather wordy, but he could
not very well make it less so. Every member who
had spoken on this subject had acknowledged the
evil, and deplored its existence. And it was the
object of the present amendment to apply the
remedy. He hoped it would be adopted.
Mr. MURPHY called for the reading of the
amendment; which having been again read—
Mr. M. moved to amend it by adding thereto
the following:
Arid there snail al.-o he deducted for such time, from the
compensation ot members who shall attend uie sittings of
the House, as thej shall be employed in writing for neffc-
papois. -
Theamendrnent to the amendment wasagreed to.
And the amendment as amended was rejected.
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
Mr. GREELEY moved the following amend-
ment:
Si- c. 4. jlnd he it farther cnactcd, *3 Ml at it shall not heuce-
foith belavstul foi e.tiici Hou-e ot Cotipre^ to appropisale
and pa> liom ih commyem luud anv giatuity or extia pay
to an\ por-on whatev. i; hut ewry appropriation ot public
nionej (oi gratuities shall he lawlul onlj when e.\pie*>sly ap
proved and passi d by both Houses ol Congress.
The amendment was rejected.
PORTRAITS OF THE PRESIDENTS.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
Jlndbeit further enacted, That for furnishing the Piesi-
dent's Uou&e, m addition to-the sum herefh appropnatrd,
with the portiait o! each of the Presidents ol the United
States, who have been ekcled to the office since General
Washington, (whose portrait is already there,) to be panned
by Aineiie.in a:lists, under the direction of the Committee
oh Public Buildings and Ground*-, a sum not exceeding ten
thousand doll,us.
Mr. SAWYER inquired of the Chair whether
this amendment had not been declared out of order
yesterday ?
The CHAIRMAN was understood to answer in
the affirmative. -
Mr. SAWYER objected to the amendment on ^
the ground that it was not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted that the amendment
was in order. There had been already appropria-
tions made 
The CHAIRMAN interposed, and was under-
stood to explain, that inasmuch as this appropria-
tion was put on the ground of furniture for the
President's House, the Chair was not prepared to
say that it was out of order.
• And the amendment being before the com-
mittee—
Mr. HOUSTON proceeded t# remark, that it
would be seen that this appropriation was not to
exceed the sum of ten thousand dollars. The por-
trait of General'Washington had for many years
been in the President's House. It was the only
one in that building. Congress had, from time to
time, appropriated sums of money for the purpose
of decorating the Capitol m a similar way. Every
stranger who visited the Wiute House was stiuck
with the fact that there were no such decorations
to be seen there. The walls, with the exception
of the hangings which adorned them, u ere bare.
He thought gentlemen would concur with him
in the opinion that it was proper to preserve, in
some portion of the metropolis, the portraits of
the distinguished men who had occupied the Ex-
ecutive chair. No place could be more appropriate
than] the Piesident's Hquse. The appropriation
; was a small one. It was not designed merely to
i furnish the house for a temporary period, but to
I provide portraits which should remain there so
long as they could be preserved.
! Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to amend
' the amendment, by striking out "ten thousand,"
: and inserting "five."
I Mr. JOHNSON, in explanation, said that if he
! were not afraid of the terrible denunciation of the *
i gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. V unable,]
! —of being denounced as a demagogue—he naghi,
! perhaps, desire to say some few things on this
j amendment. But a man who was bold enough to
1 stand up in his place here, in the face of the denun-
■ ciation of the gentleman from North Carolina, must
i be a man of more than oiuinary boldness.
i He felt some desire, before he proceeded further,
