THE
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1849.
New Series No. 22.
after be gave that vote, upon the ground on which
they all justified it, and that this editorial was an
afterthought, written because he [Mr. G.] had
been twitted by certain newspapers with having
voted for the books. He held himself ready to
name the persons by whom he could prove it.
[Loud cries of "Name them; name them."]
Mr. EDWARDS (responding to the repeated
invitations v^hich were addressed to him) said,
Charles Hudson, Dr. Darling, and Mr. Put-
nam.
[The excitement was very great, and there was
much confusion in all parts of the Hal!—many
members standing in the aisles, or crowding for-
ward to the area and the vicinity of Mr. Greeley.]
Mr. GREELEY, (addressing Mr. Edwards.)
I say, neither of these gentlemen will say so.
Mr. EDWARDS. I hold myself responsible
for the proof. (Addressing Mr. Hudson,) Mr.
Hudson will come tonhe stand. [General laugh-
ter.] -
The CHAIRMAN called the committee to or-
der.
Mr. EDWARDS. I have named the gentlemen.
The CHAIRMAN again called the committee
to order, and requested gentlemen to take their
seats. No motion could be entertained (he said)
until order was restored.
Mr. VINTON" rose, and addressed the Chair.
Mr. GREELEY. I hope the committee will
not rise until the witnesses have come forward.
Mr. VINTON wished to make one word of ex-
planation; and having moved a pro forma amend-
ment for the purpose, he proceeded to make a
statement with reference to the action of the House
at the last session and the present, to the action of
the Committee of Ways and Means and of himself,
in reference to the purchase of books. He spoke
of the item of about §76,000 which had been in-
cluded in the deficiency bill for payment'for the
copies of the Documentary History ordered at the
last session. He said he was one of those who,
in the last Congress, had very much doubted the
expediency of purchasing those books. He referred
to the resolution whfch at this session shad been
brought up to rescind the resolution of-the last
session by which the books had been ordered, and
said he was one of those who had voted to rescind
that resolution, the effect of which would have been
to have relieved Congress from making the appro-
priation of some $70,000 or $80,000, which the
Clerk of the House estimated to be necessary to
carry that resolution into execution. A large ma-
jority of the House, however, had thought other-
wise, and by their vote had directed the appropria-
tion to be made. He had then, the same day in
which this resolution to rescind the previous reso-
lution had been voted down, called upon the Clerk
(as he deemed it his duty to do) to give him an
estimate of the appropriation that would be neces-
sary to carry the resolution into effect. He did not
consider that he had the right to set up his private
opinion against what the House had directed, when
they had said, by resolution, that the appropriation
should be made. The Clerk had furnished him
with the estimate; he had laid it before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and had reported it
under the direction of the committee, who deemed
that, as the organ of the House, they had no
right to withhold bills for any appropriations
which were demanded by the House, whatever
their private opinions might be as to their expedi-
ency. In this manner, as the organ of the House,
he very often reported appropriations which, if he
could exercise his judgment as to the expediency
of them, he should not report.
Mr. GREELEY renewed the pr& forma amend-
ment, he said, because an attempt had beeji made
to call gentlemen out in opposition to him, who
would not come before this House and say that he
had said one word to them in conversation, which
was inconsistent with what he had before stated
on this floor, or with this article. He presumed
the proceeding was irregular, but other gentlemen
had been allowed to attack him, and he wished the
same opportunity of defence. Now, these gentle-
men who had been named as witnesses to contra-
22
diet what he had said in this article, he required,
he demanded that they should'come forward and
say whether there was one word said there which
he had contradicted in private conversation.
Mr. EDWARDS. The gentlemen are on hand.
Mr. GREELEY. No doubt the House is bound
to make the appropriation, but I knew what kind
of opposition would be made to me, and,! tried to
vote against it. Now, if there is any gentleman
who will say that he has understood me to say
that I voted for it understanding^, I call upon him
to come forward 
Mr. EDWARDS. The gentleman calls for the
testimony. Mr. Hudson is the man—Dr. Darling
is the man.
[Members had asain flocked into the area. There
were cries of " I-Iudson, Hudson," "down in
front," and great disorder throughout the House.]
The CHAIRMAN again earnestly called to
order; and all proceedings were arrested for the
moment, in order to obtain order.
The House having become partially stilled— '
Mr. HUDSON rose and said, I suppose it is not
in order for me to address the committee: but, as
I have been called upon, if there is no objection,
I have no objection on my part to state what I
have heard the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Greeley] say.
[Cries from all quarters, " Hear him, hear him."]
The CHAIRMAN. If there is no objection,
the gentleman can proceed.
No objection being made—
Mr. IiUDSON said, I can say, then, that on a
particular day, when this book resolution had been
before the House—as it was before the House sev-
eral times—I cannot designate the day, but one
day when we had been passing upon the question
of books, in walking from the Capitol, I,fell in
with my friend from New York, [Mr. Greeley;]
that^wc conversed from the Capitol down on to
the avenue in relation to these books; that he stated
—as I understood him (and I think I could not
have been mistaken)—that Ire was in favor of the
purchase of the books: that he either had or should
vote for the books, and he stated two reasons: the
one was, that some of these publications were of
such a character that they would never be pub-
lished unless there was somevpubhc patronage held
out to the publishers; and the other reason was,
that the other class of these books at least con-
tained important elements of history, which would
be lost unless gathered up and published soon,
and as the distribution of these books was to dif-
fuse the information over the community, he was in
favor of the purchase of the books; and that he
himself had suffered from not having access to
works of this character. That was the substance
of the conversation.
Mr. Hudson having concluded—
[There were cries of " Darling, Darling."]
Mr. DARLING rose and (no objection being
made) proceeded to say: On one of the days on
which we voted for the books now in question—
the day that the appropriation passed the House—
I was on my way from the Capitol, and passing
down the steps I accidentally came alongside the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Greeley,] who
was in conversation with another gentleman—a
member of the House—whose name I do not recol-
lect. 1 heard him [Mr. G.] say he justified the
appropriation for the books to the members, on the
ground of their difFusine: genera! information. He
said, that in the city of New York he knew of no
place where he could go to obtain the information
contained in these books; that although it was sup-
posed that in that place the sources of information
were much greater than in almost any other por-
tion of the country, he would hardly know where
to go in that city to find this information; end upon
this ground that he would support the resolution
in favor of the books. This conversation, the gen-
tleman wi!l recollect, took place going down from
the west door of the Capitol and before we got to
the avenue. I do not now recollect the gentleman
who was with the gentleman from New York.
Mr. PUTNAM rose amid loud cries of invitation,
and no objection being made, said: As my name
has been referred to in relation to this question, it
is due perhaps to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Greeley,] that I should state this: That
some few dayssince the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Edwards] called upon me here, and inquired of
me whether I had h^trd my colleague [Mr. Gref.-
i.ey] say anything in relation to his vote as to thr
books. I that morning had received the paper, and I
; referred him totheeditorialcontained theiein which
I has been read by the Clerk; but I have no rerol-
, lection of stating to the gentleman from Ohio that I
' heard my colleague say he justified the vote which
j he gave; nor have I any recollection whatever that
' I ever heard my colleague say anything upon the
; subject after the vote given by him.
' The gentleman from Ohio must have misunder-
J stood mo, and it is due to my colleague that this ex-
; planalion should-be made.
| [Several Voices : " Whatdid he say before the
| voter"]
I I have no recollection (said Mr. P.) that I ever
j heard him sny anything.
' Mr. EDWARDS rose, and wished to know if
j any of his five minutes was left?
No reniy \va<C heard; but, after some conver-
sation, (being allowed to proceed,) hessaul, T
have stated that I have no apologies to make for
giving this vote. I voted for these books for the
very reasons which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Greeley] gave to these witnesses. I stated
^hat I could prove by witnesses that the gentleman
lias given reasons of this kind, and that that edi-
torial was an afterthought. Jf the House requires
any more testimony, it can be had; but out of the
mouths of two witnesses he is condemned. That
is scriptural as well as legal.
I have not risen to retaliate for anything this
editor has said in reference to this subject of mile-
age. I have been classed among those wh<\have
received excessive mileage. I traveled in coming
to Washington forty-three miles further than the
committee paid me; but I stated before the com-
mittee the reasons why 1 made the change of
; route. I had been capsized once 
i The CHAIRMAN interposed, and said he felt
i| bound to arrest this debate.
j! [Cries of "Greeley! Greeley!"]
/ Mr. GREELEY row 
j] The CHAIRMAN stated that it would not he
j| in order for the gentleman to address the House
i while there was no question pending.
I [Cries of " Suspend the rules; hear him."]
! Mr. TALLMADGE rose and inquiied if hm
j colleague could not proceed by general consent?
j The CHAIRMAN replied in the affirmative.
[ No objection was made, and
f- Mr. QREELEY proceeded. The gentleman
i from Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] simply misun-
' dorstood only one riling. He stales me to have
! urged the considerations which he urged to me.
1 He urged these considerations—and I think forci-
! bly. J say now, as I did the other day on the
i floor of this House, I approve of the appropriation
. for the books, provided they pre honestly disposed
; of according to the intent of the appropriation.
: Mr. EDWARDS. Why, then, did you make
i the denial in the Tribune, and say that you voted
| against it ?
j Mr. GREELEY. I did vote against it. I did not
vote for it, because I did not choose to have somt},
1 sort ofgentlemen on this floor hawk at me. The
' gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hudson] sub-
, mitted considerations to me, of which I admitted
, the force. I admit them now; I admit that the
! House was justifiable in voting for this appropria-
| tion, for the reason ably stated by the chaiiman
i of'the Committee of Ways and Means; and I
| think I was justifiable, as tins Hall will show,
; in not voting for it. In no particular was there
; collision between what I said on this^ floor, the
i editorial, and what I said in conversation. The
j conversation to which the gentleman from Wis-
- consin [Mr. Darling] refers is doubtless the same
I of which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
j Hudson] has spoken.
i Mr. G-. having concluded—
! On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
