1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
benefited, and the general elements of the coun-
try's wealth largely increased. It is probable, that
at the rate of fifty cents per acre, a considerable
amount of these lands may be sold, I would rec-
ommend that the trial be made At that rate, and if
it should still be found too much, the price should
be yet*further reduced. I hope the Committee on
the Public Lands will give the subject their special
attention. •
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. Mr. President,
I think the inquiry proposed to be made by this
resolution a very proper one, but it appears to me
that us operation should be extended to lands
in other States situated similarly to these Florida
lands.
Mr. YULEE, (in his"scat.) I have no objec-
tion to embodying the suggestion of the Senator
from Louisiana in the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. We have hinds similarly sit-
uated to these in Louisiana. We have also other
hinds, which have been in market for forty year?
and which can never be sold at a dollar and twenty-
five cents per acre. 1 move to extend the inquiry
contained in this resolution to the lands in Loui-
siana that are situated similarly to these Florida
Sa.nds.
Mr. BREESE. Mr. President, for the informa-
tion of the Senator from Florida, T would state,
that, at the last session, the Committee on the
Public Lands reported a general bill, applying to
*he whole public domain, reducing and graduating
the prices of the public lands, under the operations
of which bill the lands situated in Florida will be
■embraced. I do not suppose that any one desires
the committee to resort to partial legislation in re-
gard to the public lands, nor can it be expected that
we will be able to fiame any law that will meet the
wants of every paitk.ular case. I might say, that
in the State of Illinois there arc large tracts of public
land that can never be sold for a dollar and a quar-
ter per acre. They are not fertile, grow but little
timber, and arc, in short, unsaleable, except at a
very reduced price. In fact, in every State of the
Union where there are public kinds owned by the
Government of the United States there are large
tracts of comparatively valueless lands.
The bill reported at the last session from the
Committee on the Public Lands was made, at this
session, the special order for a day which has since
elapsed; I believe it was made the special order for
the 8ih of January, but was not called up, doubt-
less for some sufficient reason. If 1 can obtain the
assistance of the gentleman from Florida, and the
assistance of other gentlemen interested in the re-
duction and graduation of the price of public lands,
I think we shall be able to pass a bill through the
Senate which will embrace ail cases, and give sat-
isfaction to every portion of the country.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The remarks of the hon-
orable Senator ftom Illinois, [Mr. Breese,] with
respect to the inexpediency or' special legislation
on the subject for particular sections, and of the
sufficiency of general laws, induces me to make a
few observations. In my judgment, the great fault
and error of our land system has been and is the
adherence to a general system of law inapplicable
to some of the sections of the Union where there
are public lands. Even as to the survey and sale
of the lands, the same rules do not woik alike in
Iowa and Wisconsin and in Louisiana and Florida, j
Nor will these laws apply to California or New |
Mexico. Why, sir, the necessity of special iegis- j
iatiori"adapted to the country has been admitted by !
the repeated speeial laws you have passed of such j
character. Your laws with respect to the mineral |
lands on Lake Superior, your lead-mine laws, j
show this. You have now on your table special |
bills for California different from your general sys- ,
tem. And, sir, you have departed fiomyourgen- ;
era! system with respect to the Gulf States in j
which theie are public lands, by spccial laws :
oneratins: on those States alone, and of most inju- |
Hows effect upon those States. Under the pretence i
of securing live oak and other hard timber for the 1
United States navy., you have purchased a live-oak |
plantation, and you have located several scattered s
tracts all over the State, many townships of the j
very best lands in the State, which you keep out j
of market and prohibit being settled upon. Sir,
I venture to say the United Slates will never get
from their plantation and from the live-oak rea.ei-
vations, enough live oak to pay the expenses of
keeping up the numerous agents employed at high
salaries to take care of them and the other public 1
timber in she State for one year. The annual
expenses of this lite-oak system is several thou-
sand dollars, and it is ail in the control of the Sec-
retary of the Navy. The agents get a higher
salary than th'e Governor of my State, and the
same salary as your Fedeial judges there, and as
the State judges of the highest court. They are
of no use to the public; I mean their offices are
not. A more worthless and useless law never
passed Congress than the live-oak law.
The Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] not
now in his seat, has again and again denounced it
as a humbug. He told the Benate more than once
that every cubic foot of live oak got in this way
would cost the United States a cubic foot of silver.
I have, since I have been in Congress, tried to get
this live-oak system abolished, and have taken oc-
casion to state before that its only effect was the
giving the Secietary of the Navy some patronage
for a few persons. The law should be repealed,
and the live-oak plantation, and the reserves sold
and turned into cotton, or sugar, or rice planta-
tions, or corn-fields, and settled. One citizen, with
a market, is worth ten thousand acics of live-oak
land in defence of the country. Besides, all thtse
timber laws are nuisances in a new country. The
setiieis do not understand them, and wi'l not un-
deistand them. These laws aic made to nullify
your preemption laws, especially when, as some
of the live-oak arjd timber agents have, in past
times, took it upon themselves to prosecute the
settlers for cutting timber for fences and for his
log etibin and stables, and for firewood, though
the law professes to exempt the settlers from such
annoyances. I am told the expenses paid at the
treasury within the last fifteen years, on account of
prosecutions of this character, for costs and so forth,
exceed Jifty thousand dollars! I have procured
some statements of the expenses of this live-oak
system, and so far as 1 know, (and I think I do know
something of the subject,) a more useless and un-
necessary expense is not made in this Government;
and besides, the allowances are in some cases very
extravagant. So, too, your general laws lespect-
ing the reservation of the sixteenth section in each
township of public lands for common schools, and
donating it to the inhabitants of the townships, is i
of no benefit to us in the South in one-half of the
townships. It is not so in the northwestei n and
western States, where the lands are more equable
in quality and value than our lands are. In the
South Uie best lands are detached spot«?, or tracts
on the margins of rivers or lakes, and it' the six-
teenth section happens to fail in the pine barren
region, it is of no value; and if it falls on the good
[ lands, and the settlements on the pine barrens, it
| prevents settlement, and the general result is, in i
j many cases, in a township where there is a good I
I sixteenth section, there are few inhabitants, and j
! where there are settlements thickly populated, the
sixteenth section is worthless. With these spe- j
cial laws staring us m the face, enacted to our pie- !
judice, it is hardly just to denounce special leg is- !
lation made necessary by the peculiar character of I
the pine lands m the southern States. I do not |
ajjree with those who regard these lands in my j
State as utterly worthfess^except for stock ranges, j
I believe another generation will see mne-tenihs of ;
it in profitable cultivation, and the profit i'n< leased |
by artificial improvement.? of the soil. Hut they 1
cannot now be sold for anything. Most of them [
will not bring ten cent'3 an acie for many years. 1
They aie not worth the expense of survey; and i
as to ail that can be sold, the price should bQ, re- J
duced by special law. No general act can r§ach !
the ease. ;
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I think the ob- j:
ject of this resolution is not exactly understood by !,
my friend from Illinois. The measure which I ,!
piopose dues not connect itself with the general T
graduation system. I wish to withdraw it from ;
the-policy proposed with lespect to the public j!
hinds generally, because these pine lands' in Fior- ;
ida are of an entirely different description fiom j'
other lands to which the general policy of the !;
country applies. They are not agriculunal lands, p
They are as distinct from the general body of the /
public domain, and should he made as distinct m ;
lespect to the measures adopted for their dispo&i- !
tion, as the mining lands. You sepaiate the mi- j,
ning lands fjom the geneial body ot the pubhedo- j
main, and fix their minimum price at $2 50 instead |
of the usual minimum of £1 'Ao per acre, winch is
the minimum price affixed to agricultural lands.
These pine lands deserve to be treated with the
same distinction, because they are not agricultural
lands. The difference in their value and price is
not to be measured by the greater or less degree
of their'fertility, to be ascertained by the greater
or less duration of time they may remain in the
market as candidates for purchasers. These lands
can never be used for agiicultuial purposes; being
fit only for grazing and the limited production of
naval stores. They have been reported to the
j Land Office as pine lands, they have been entered
| in the land books as pine lands, and a distinc-
j tion has been made in the department between the
j whole body of lands the price of which is pro*
I posed to be reduced by this resolution. 36me of
| them are so utterly barren and valueless, although
! very high lands, that the department has not con-
sidered them worth the expense of surveying.
Township lines only have been run over a large
portion of the public lands of Florida, on the
ground that the area of country included within
the township lines is .not worth the expense of
surveying.
It is because these^ands are utterly valueless for
agricultural purposes (although they would be val-
uable for the raising of stock and the production
of naval stores) that I wish to separate them from
the general graduation policy which may or may
not be adopted, according as the general policy of
Congiess may enjoin. These lands call for as dis-
tinct measures of legislation as the mining lands,
or any lands not suited to agricultural purposes.
The resolution as amended was read.
Mr. YULEE. I would sftggestthat itbe amend-
ed further, by saying, " And other States where
such land shall be fou^d."
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
Florida has anticipated me. I would have the reso-
lution embrace pine lands generally. I hope such
a law will pass. It is for the interest of the coun-
try at large, and especially for the interest of the
treasury, that such a law should pass. It has been
demonstrated that by a graduation of the price of
the public lands more money would be brought
into the treasury and the settlement of the country
more rapidly advanced. We should thus ac-
complish a two-fold object, whereas at present
a great quantity of the public land is lying utterly
woithless. The pine lands have been correctly
characterized by the Senator from Florida as a
distinct class. .The pine is useful for ship timber
and for the production of turpentine and tar, but
the htnd is scarcely fit for cultivation. It should
be separated, therefore, from the other public lands,
and should be treated as a distinct class. But, as
this bill will take its place upon the calendar be-
hind the bill introduced by the Senatorfrorn Illi-
nois for the graduation of the price of the public
lands, if that general law should pass, of course
this bill will fall; but if it should not pass, then
this bill ought to be passed. I will merely say,
in addition, that the process of graduation has
been tried in Mississippi, under a provision in the
: treaty with the Chickasaws, and the fact has been
j established that no lands of the United States have
' ever yielded so much as those very lands thus
| graduated to their minimum pnee; and no portion
of the country with which i am acquainted has
; been so rapidly settled as tins. I consider that
■ this constitutes satisfactory proof of the piopriety
of adopting the policy geneiaiiy. And upon thi3
subject I propose to offer some extended lemarks
when the general bill comes up.
! The resolution was adopted.
| MAP OF TEXAS.
| Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following resolu-
tion :
; Rc^jlccd, That the Secretary of the Senate be authoifzed
i and teqmied to procure for the u-eof the Senate copies
ol lh<- map of rite Stale of Te.\u^ compiled and published
! bv j. D. Cordova.
PRESIDING OFFICER. Theie is a blank in
the resolution which it is necessary to fill.
Mr. HOUSTON proposed that the blank be .
; filled with the number "five hundred." This
: motion was agreed to.
: The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution—
Pvlr. MASON said he desired to inquire of the
. Senator fiom Texas whetl-ei he had any knowl-
edge as to the conectnes?s o:' thin \n \p, upon which
he based his recommendation lor its purchase by
I the Senate.
! Mc. HOUSTON. I have, sir, or I would not
