340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
have offered the resolution. I iinow it to be a most
accurate map of that country, giving at! the divis-
ions and localities with greater correctness than
any other map now extant. It ha^ been com-
pleted within the last two month's, and will fur-
nish the best information that can be obtained in
regard tp a subject that is of some interest at this
time—that is, the boundary between Texas and
New Mexico. It is for this reason that i wish the
map procured for the use of Senators and gen-
tlemen of the House of Representatives. Great
labor has been bestowed upon it in order to make
_lt perfectly accurate. I hope the resolution will
be adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. By whom was
the map compiled or made?
Mr. HOUSTON. It was made by J.-1. Cor-
dova, a member of the Legislature of Texas.
Mr. DAVIS. Is it a compilation, or was it made
from actual survey?
Mr. HOUSTON. It was made from actual sur-
vey -ns reported at the land oliices ot the estate.
Mr. DAVIS. All the maps that I have seen of
that country contain gross eirors in regard to lati-
tude and longitude. Unless this is a map made
from actual survey and by competent persons, I
think we are liable to be led into error by it. I
ask, therefore, that the resolution lie over for a
day, in order that we may make some examina-
tion into the matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know upon what
standard, sir, we will arrive at a knowledge of the
correctness of this m^p. So far as I have been
able to give my attention to the subject, (and I be-
lieve I may speak for my colleague also,) and from
a familiar acquaintance wifh the country, I should
pronounce this a correct map—certainly much j
more correct than any mop of* ihat country here-
tofore published. Anu for mat reason, sir, as there
is no prospect of getting a better, or one so good
as this is, 1 think we ought not to hesitate to pro-
cure this one. The resolution pioposes to refer the
matter to the Secretary of the Senate for his con-
sideration and action. If I did not believe that it
would be serviceable to us 1 should not have offered
the resolution. I have no private end to subserve
by its procurement; but 1 hope the resolution will
be adopted and the map obtained, in order that
justice may be done to that scction of the country
which has furnished more and received less from
this Government than any other portion of this
Union.
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry that the Senator has
misunderstood the tenor of my remarks. 1 did not
attribute to him any private motive in proposing
this isolation; but the Senator is mistaken in
supposing that we are not, likely to have a more
coirect map. By a resolution which 1 had the
honor to introduce last session, the topographical
corps are now employed in compiling a map which
will comprise the whole country. When that map
is completed, it will fix the latitude andJongitude
of ail places with correctness. We have heretofore
been many times led into fatal error. Phe very
map that was incorporated in our treaty witli
Mexico contains flagrant errors, and every map
that I have seen is imperfect. They appear, all of
them, to be but poor copies of Humboldt's. 1 am
not disposed to multiply maps. When we can get
' a correct one, I shall be ready to vote for its pur-
chase, but 1 think that, having already so many
that are spurious and not to be relied upon, we
had better pause and ascertain whether this map
his any greater meut to recommend it than those
we already possess.
Mr. PEAROK. It will be recollected, sir, that
when the question of Texas annexation was before
the Senate w e had a map compiled by the Topo-
graphies! Bureau from the sources that were then
access,ole, and a large number of extra copies were
furnished for distribution; many of which, at least
those which I have, are undistributed. 1 do not
know any necessity for the purchase of this map;
and I think the reason which the Senator from Mis-
sissippi has mentioned, that a map is about to he
prepared by the Topographical Bureau, is quite
suiiicient to induce Senators* to withhold their as-
sentfrom this proposition. If our object is to secure
accuracy, 1 think we had better get the map which
the Senator from Mississippi speaks of, because
•we have reason to believe that it will be more ac-
curate than any other possibly can be. As for any-
thing else, I do not know what necessity there is
for purchasing this map. 1 do not think I have
any necessity for it myself. I do f?ot know to i;
what purpose we can apply it, .unless it be to give j,
k away; and I hope, instead of multiplying maps |l
and books for that purpose, we will henceforward i|
diminish the number. !i
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection that the j.
resolution should be postponed for a day.^ I have j!
no particular desire to precipitate its adoption; but, j;
at the same time, the reason why it ought to be
published is, that it is the most correct and au- ||
thentic map of Texas that is extant; and I have no ^
doubt that an examination of it will convince Sen- j
ators that such is the case. ~ 1 was not apprised of
the resolution presented by the Senator from Mis- j
sissippi last session in regard to a map, nor was I :
aware that any topographical reconnoissance was
being made of that country; and unless such topo- :
graphical reconnoissance is being made by gentle- j.
men traversing thccountry,I should doubt whether !
the map to lie made will be comparable to this, h
This map has been complied from surveys of the j'
country. Every county of the State, every land i
title, has been laid down, the distances ascertained, j;
the surveys corrected, and from these corrected !'
surveys the map has been compiled. Years have
been employed in the compilation of the map, and
for that reason and on account of the character of j
the individual who has been engaged in preparing !
it, and the immense labor bestowed upon it, I have j
reason to believe that it is the-best and most accu- !
rate map that can be procured. I doubt whether j
the topographical corps, after having mad^. their j
reconnoissances of the country, will be able to pro- '
dticc a better map. But I am perfectly willing
thai the resolution should lie over for one day.
The further consideration of the resolution was
then postponed until to-morrow.
The following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Yulee, was taken up, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to fur-
liL-ll to the Senate any documents or Information in Ins
department relative in list; ijaun of Captain George E.
EVlcCiellaud's company of Florida voluiitt'eis, for military
seivices m the year
general appropriation bill.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenditures of the
•United States for the year ending June 30, 1850,
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
collection district in texas.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the bill to establish an
additional collection district in the State of Texas
was taken up and made the special order for
Friday next.
rockville petition.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland,
a petition presented by him yesterday from citi-
zens of Rockville, Maryland, praying that Con-
gress would pass a law piolnbiting the issue and
circulation of small notes by private individuals
in the District of Columbia, was ordered to be
printed.
admission of california.
Mr. DOUGLAS moved to postpone the pre-
vious orders, and to take up the bill for the admis-
sion of California into the Union as a State.
Mr. NILES. If we take up tSiis bill we must
necessarily postpone the bill that was up the other
day l elating to the reduction of postage, and which
was made the special order prior to this bill. And
we all know that if we take up this bill and enter
uftni the debate, it will probably consume the
whole of fche session, and will preclude the oppor-
tunity of acting upon the bill to which I have re-
ferred. 1 feel it my duty, therefore, to take the
sense of the Senate upon the motion to take up
the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I trust that the honorable
Senator will allow the bill to be taken up at this
time. It has been before the Senate since the first
week of the session, and has been postponed from
time to time, with the general understanding that
it should be acted upon at an early day. I do not
think that it is going to occupy so much time as
the Senator imagines. I do not think it is going
to take up a great deal of time. I hope at least
that the Senator will allow it to be taken up, that
we may ascertain whether it is likeiy that much
time will be required for its discussion, and if that
be the case it can fioin time to time give place to
other business, and among the rest to the bill
which the Senator has named. I hope that my
motion to take up the bill will prevail'.
The question being put, a division was called
for; and no quorum voting-
Mr.' NILES demanded the yeas and nays. ' •
They were not ordered.
The question was again put, and, upon & divis-
ion, it was decided in the affirmative; Ayes 25,
noes 11.
The bill was accordingly taken up for consid-
eration as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I laid upon the Secretary's
table the other'day a substitute which I proposed
to offer'for the original bill. I now ask that the
substitute-be read, and that the vote be taken upon
making the substitution of the one for the other,
with the understanding that the substitute will be
open for amendment as an original bill.
The bill proposed to be substituted was read by
the Secretary.
The question being taken, the substitute was
agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. Th'e only difficulty that I have
upon the subject is this r I am willing to take up
the bill as an original bill, but it seems to me that is
would be highly proper that it should go to a com-
mittee to be reported upon in the same manner as
all original bills. If there was a reason for send-
ing the original bill to a committee, I think the same
reason exists why this should berefeired either to *
the Committee on Territories or to the Judiciary
Committee.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. To which com-
mittee doe3 the Senator propose that the bill shall
' be referred ?
I . Mr. BUTLER. It seems to me it ought to go-
, to the Judiciary Committee, the bill being for the"
admission of a new State into the Union.
| Mr. TURNEY. Before making that motion,
I hope the Senator will allow me to offer an amend-
| ment to the bill. If the bill is to be referred, I
I desire that my amendment should also be referred.
\ Mr. BUTLER. I certainly will withdraw my
] motion, in order to permit the Senator to offer his
amendment.
j Mr. TURNEY sent the amendment to the Sec-
; retary's table, and it was read, as follows:
i Stuke out all after the words "United States," in the*
i third line ot' the first section, to th* wo>o " shall," in the
| twellth lme,and insert the following: Acquired from the
! Republic of Mexico by the treaty concluded February
l?4t*, which lies west of the summit ot the Sierra Nevada
and Rocky Mountains.
Mr. TURNEY." I wiH state the object of the
amendment. The bill as now drawn includes only
a portion of California, embracing, as I under-
j stand, some ten or fifteen thousand inhabitants*
leaving the remainder in a territorial condition,
thereby opening the question, and making it the
duty of Congress, by separate legislation, to or-
ganize a territorial government. This, sir, I seek
! to avoid, by*including the whole of the Territory
| of California in the Stale. That is the object of
| my amendment.
[ , Mr. KING. I would inquire whether an amend-
| ment has not been offered by the Senator from
; Mississippi? I was under the impression that he
had offered an amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. I was about to offer it, but have
not yet done so.
Mr. BERRIEN. I will answer the inquiry of
the Senator from Alabama by saying, that the
ji preposition of the Senator from Mississippi was
' not offered as an amendment, but laid upon the
: table with notice that it would'be offered as an
i amendment when the bill came up. Now, if this
j is a subject of reference to a committee, 1 should:
j! hope that all the amendments intended to be offered
j! would also be referred. It is the desire of the
j[ Senate of course that the subject in all its details
|1 should be considered when referred; consequently,
II I should hope that the Senator from Mississippi
j! would have his amendment in a form suitable for
\> reference to the Judicialy Committee. TheSfenate
will perceive that they have been already embar-
;■ rassed by the course pursued in this matter,
j. There was a bill introduced. That bill was re-
!; ferred to the Judiciary Committee; and-a report
i was made, which has in fact been acquiesced m
i1 by the substitution of another bill, by which it is
! supposed that the Objections entertained against the
ji bill will be surmounted, it is now proposed to
Ij refer the substitute to a committee. And I desire
|j that all the amendments may be referred, in order
|| that the committee may consider the whole subject.
