1849.
THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$41
Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator from Georgia will
suggest the mode which he thinks most suitable, 1
will adopt the suggestion. *
Mr. BERRIEN- I will say, then, offer it as an
amendment now. If I am right, sir, the substitute
which has been presented by the Senator from Illi-
nois is now before the Senate as an original bill,
and open to amendment; consequently, the Sena-
tor from Mississippi can move hisamendment, and
if a reference of the bill is made, the amendment
will go with it. *
PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an amend-
ment nov? pending that was offered by the Senator
from Tennessee.
Mr. KING. I am exceedingly anxious that this
subject shall be examined in all its bearings, to
whatever committee it may be referred; and, that
the views of different gentlemen shall be made
known, that the committee shall have the whole
subject before them, and be able to form a correct
estimate of what can be done, or of what should
be done. Now, I should propose waiving the strict
rule in reference to amendments, in order that gen-
tlemen may be permitted to offer all the amend-
ments they may have to offer, and when this has
been done, the whole matter may be referred. If
this suggestion is acquiesced in generally, the
Chair will be relieved from precluding other amend-
ments except the one pending, and they may all be
offered with a view to reference. I hope that course
will be taken.
Mr. BUTLER. When I gave way to the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, it was with the view that
gentlemen who have amendments to offer should
bring them forward, and that the bill, together
with such amendments, should then be referred to
a committee. I do not, perhaps, understand the
coirect parliamentary usage, but that was the idea
upon which I gave way to the Senator from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. CLAYTON. I concur in the proposition
to refer all the amendments to the committcc, but
I will suggest, that as this is a matter of great im-
portance, it ought to go to a committee that is
known to be favorable to the proposition. Cour-
tesy towards the Senator from Illinois, who has
proposed this substitute for the original bill, would
dictate such a course, and 1 believe it is conform-
able to parliamentary practice, I do not think it
would be fair to refer a proposition to any com-
mittee whose members are decidedly hostile to it.
I do not mean by this remark to imply that the
Committee on the Judiciary is hostile to the bill
which has now been. substituted for the original
bill-, but it does seem to ,me that it ought to go to
a select committee, together with all the amend-
ments that may be offered. The Senate, by com-
mitting the bill to a committee whose members, or
a majority of them, are favorable to the proposi-
tion, do not commit themselves to vote for the bill
when reported; it is only in order that the subject
may receive a fair consideration- I shall not make
the motion myself. I trust, however, that the
Senator from Illinois, in accordancc with the views
which I have now presented, will vote to send his
proposition, together with all the amendments that
may be offered, to a select committee.
Mr. DAYTON. It seems to me, with all re-
spect to the Senator from Delaware, that he as-
sumes a fact which does not distinctly appear, and
of which there is no evidence. 1 understand that
the bill which is ottered by the Senator from Illi-
nois assumes at least to be free from the constitu-
tional difficulties suggested by the Committee on
the Judiciary in their last report. But I think, sir,
that that committee has no special disposition^
take charge of this business; and if it be agreeable
to the Senate-that it should go to the Committee i
on the Territories or to a select committee, I think ;
there will be no difficulty on the subject, and no j
obstacle thrown in the.way by the members of that )
committee. For myself, I am at all times desirous ;
that propositions of this kind should go to the reg-
ularly organized committees. There is a regularly i
organized committee of this body, and I suppose I
one that is favorable to the proposition submitted i
by the Senator from Illinois, to which this subject j
may properly be referred—I mean the Committee i
on the Territories—a committee which is presided i
over by the Senator from Illinois himself.^ Then |
why create a special committee for the purpose of j
considering a given case, when we have a regu-
larly organized committee which is favorable to
the proposition ? It seems to me that, as between
| btit f suppose the same purpose would be aceom-
I plished by a reference to the Territorial Com-
\ mittee, The Judiciary Committee feave performed
| their duty in relation to another bill j that has now
; passed from the hands of the Senate; and every
I member of that committee will, I have no douht,
| most cheerfully assent to the reference of the sub*-
iject to the Territorial Committee. I hope, there-
j fore, that reference will be made.
I Mr. BUTLER. I desire to make one remark,
j I am not only willing that this bill should go to the
: Committee on the Territories, but I should be very
j unwilling that it should jto to the Committee on
; the Judiciary. I am satisfied of one thing; if that
; committee should proceed to consider the subject,
' it would be perfectly impracticable for them to
arrive at any legal results; and 1 must beg leave,
, as ( have in some measure passed judgment upon
; this matter, as one of the members of the Judiciary
| Committee, to be excused from serving on the
j Committee on the Territories, and ask that another
i member be substituted. I make that motion.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope that, to whatever com-
mittee this subject may be icfcrred, all amend-
ments that have been suggested, or which have
heretofore been printed by order of the Senate, will
also be referred.* I will ask a question, therefore,
in relation to a pointof order, whether it will be in
order to move that all the amendments that have
been submitted and printed by order of the Senate,
be referred to the committee to which the bill shall
j a special committee and the Territorial Committee,
j we shallbest dispose of this matter by referring it
j to the Territorial Committee. As far as the Ju-
j dietary Commutes is concerned, I do not suppose
1 that they have any particular feeling upon the sub-
I ject.
j Mr. CLAYTON. If the Senator from New
I Jersey had listened to what I said, he would not
have considered that I had assumed that the "Judi-
ciary Committee was hostile to the bill. 1 did not
make any assertion of the sort; but I say this,
that it is due, as in other cases proposed to the
Senate, it is due to the subject, it is according to
parliamentary usage, and it* is but a matter of com-
mon couitesy, to send a bill to a committee which
has been known to be favorable to the proposition.
I do not know, and I presume that the Senator
from New Jersey does not know, that the majority
of the committee aue favorable te the proposition
j in this case: and for that very reason I am for
| sending it to a committee which is, or a majority
| of the members of which are, favorable to the
j proposition. I desire, therefore, that it should go
to a special committee. On a former occasion,
when a proposition similar to this in some respects ;
was presented, there was a division of opinion as j,
to whether it should go to a special committee or |
i to the Committee on Territories. I now desire to j!
present that question again. I only make the ;
' suggestion, however; if the Senator irom Illinois i
i dues not make the motion, I shall not. t      
! Mr. DICKINSON. 1 will say to my honora- be referred? Will that be in order?
] ble friend from Delaware, m regard to referring PRESIDING OFFICER. With the unanimous
i this'matter to a select committee, that we have had n consent of the Senate all such amendments may be
I the experience of one select committee, and the ! referred.
j bill reported by that committee has not "been acted !; Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President——
! upon, although it still has vitality, for it is still in j; Mr, DOWNS. I have not yet finished,
existence upon the table of the other House. 1 || Mr. DOUGLAS. I was going to make a mo-
wlll not say that we have no right, according to i tion that will, I think, be appropriate at this time.
    ' Mr. DOWNS, ff that motion be in order, I
hope the amendments will all go to whatever com-
mittee the bill may be referred to. 1 think, how-
ever, with another member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, that it by no means follows as a matter of
course, that because a majority of the committee
was opposed to the first bill, they will also be
opposed to this. This is a very different bill. I
cannot concur with the suggestion of the gentle-
man from New York, that this measure is still
pending before Congress. 1 know there is a bill
pending, or at least was laid upon the table of the
other House at the last session, that embraced a
subject similar to this, with others; but the Sea
ator will recollect that it embraced also a measure
which has since been acted upon by Congress: I
mean the law in relation to the territorial govern-
ment of Oregon. That bill was of a different char-
acter; and this bill, as well as the substitute now
offered  , ,
Mr. DICKINSON, (interposing.) It was upon
the same general subject, and designed to attain
the same end.
Mr. DOWNS. I wish to remark while up, that
I do not consider, as far as it goes, the amendment
offered by the Senator fiom Illinois as a substitute;
; for the bill differs materially in fact and in princi-
,strict parliamentary law, to originate any measure
connected with this subject here, but, in the ordi-
nary course of proceedings, these bills m relation to
the organization of governments in New Mexico
and California, if the other branch of Congress
' purposed to pass them at all, it would have been
! done long before this, it is unnecessary for me to
i remind the Senate that the bill to which I have re-
| ferred is still in existence in the other House, and
j may be acted upon if they feel so disposed. It
I has an enacting clause, and is subject to amend-
i ment. If they choose to organize these territorial
. governments, they can act upon that bill. Had I
i been left to my own action, anxious as I am for the
1 organization of these Territories, I should never
j have introduced a bill of any kind until we had
! learned officially what hacT been the fate of that
I bill. The bill which emanated from the select
j committee passed the Senate after a protracted
| debate. I will not say whether it was right or
| wrong. Sufficient for me, it has passed; it has ex-
J istence; the House can act upon it, and if it does
j not suit them, they can put it in such a shape as
will suit them. i
In regard to this question, I voted before to refer ,
the bill to the Territorial Committee, although it j
was not referred in accordance with my vote. 1 !
expressed an opinion then, but 1 shall express jj pie from the amendment which was reported by
none now, except that it is due to that committee, ;j the committee. I therefore made no objection to
and to its distinguished chairman, that they should it. It will be found, when an examination takes
have charge of this matter, which they originated, i| place, that the report that I made will embrace the
or rather which was brought before the Senate by same thing. I have, therefore, no objcctioxi to
thcchairman of that committee, and whichoccupies that portion of the bill. There are, however, some
so much of public attention. I shall, therefore, vote
for the reference to the Territonal Committee. I
will not vote for putting the bill of any committee,
or of any individual membei of the Senate, to dry
nurse; nor for sending it t<  a committee whowill
be unfriendly to it. That might be the case either
with tlie Judiciary Committee or a select committee.
But it should go to a committee that will take an
especial interest in the subject, and put forth their
best energies to put it in a shape that will render it
acceptable to the Senate. It has been proposed
to be amended by the ch.airman himself, and other
amendments have been pioposed by duierent Sen-
details, some additional provisions, which I think
are worthy of consideration, ami should he referred
to whatever committee the hill may be submitted
to. I therefore ask that those amendments may
be referred along with the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It has been suggested, first,
that this bill, with its proposed amendments, shall
eo to the Territorial Committee; and, secondly,
that it he referred to a select committee. In order
to give the Senate an opportunity to decide be-
tween the two references, I will accede to the sug-
. sestion of the honorable Senator from Delaware,
and would now make a motion that the bill and
ators. I hope it will be referred to the Temtorial n proposed amendments be iefened to a select com-
Committee, and that that committee will bring in mittee of seven. As to my own views about the
a bill that\ve can pass; for it is very desirable | matter, I am entirely indifferent whether ii goes
that governments should be organized foi theTer- to the Territorial Committee or to a select com-
ritones, and, to attain that end, I am disposed to mittee.
waive parliamentary rules, paiucularly as another Mr. KING. I am very wcl! satisfied, sir, that
bill is in existence. :. this reference to a select committee should be
Mr. BERRIEN. In the suggestion made by i; adopted. The Territorial Committcc brought the
the Senator from Delaware I am willing to concur; j) subject forward; it was then referred to the Com-
