342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
mittee on the Judiciary, by whom
made and certain provisions suggested that con- n
iiicted with the former action of the Territoiial
Committee and with certain modifications made to I
the bill by the Senatoi from Illinois [Mr. Douglas]
himself; and now, with new modifications and new
additional sugge'stive propositions, the whole sub-
ject comes up anew for reference, which reference,
as I think, very justly is proposed to be made to
a select committee. 1 agree with the Senator from
Delaware as to the object of standing committees.
Subjects of a general nature should of course be
referred to the appropriate committees; but when
the matter involved is of a grave and serious im-
port, and about which there is much disagreement,
it should be referred to another and a special com-
' mittee. When, that is the case, it becomes the
Presiding Officer to appoint such a select commit-
tee, the majority of whom should be in favor of
the principle involved, though not of the details. I
trust that a select committee will be appointed,
composed in part of gentlemen connected with the
Judiciary Committee, of high legal attainments,
and that some plan may be agreed upon by which
this unfortunate question may bo settled. I am
prepared, for one, to go as far as. I can, conscien-
tiously, to put an end to this unceasing agitation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 renew my motion to refer
the bill and proposed amendments to a select com-
mittee.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The first motion
propeily before the Senate is the one made by the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.] to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER. I am opposed to the reference
of this bill to a select committee; however, if'gen-
tlemen insist upon putting that motion, I will
withdraw mine and give place to it.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The question be-
fore the Senate is upon the reference of this bill
and pioposed amendments to a select committee.
The motion was then put and carried.
Mr. FQOTE. I wish simply to ask
imous consent of the Senate, if it is not entirely
out or" order, to be allowed to refer ail amendment
to this California bill, which 1 shall prepare, to
the select committee to whose charge the bill and
proposed amendments hq\e been given.
Leave was granted accordingly.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed the follow-
ing gentlemen as the special committee: Messrs. K Sates
Douglas, Johnson oi Maryland, Jones of Iowa, "
Clayton of Delaware, Davis of Mississippi,
Badger of North Carolina, and Niles of Con-
necticut.
a report was j the post office laws; it was introduced at that
' time, but has since been Repealed. I do not desire
to reiterate the remarks i made the other day upon
this subject, but would simply say that the opera-
tion of this proposed amendment, if carried into
effect, will be much more important in .its charac-
ter than Senators probably suppose. In certain
portions of the country it will preclude a very
large portion'ofthe newspaper circulation, and plate
a very °reat and burdensome task upon postmas-
ters. A large number of newspapers will be sent
! to them, and that without any lemuncration for
i their trouble. The postage on newspapers goes
I to their benefit, or at least one-half of it. It is of
] great impoj lance, then, to the smaller postmasters ,
1 that they have their cotomission on newspapers;
; but by this amendment they will be almost entirely
j deprived of it, besides having additional labor ap-
portioned to them. The whole revenue on news-
! papers last year was seven hundred and Silty thou-
sand dollars, and this system of free cncutation, ,,
if adopted, will reduce the amount of the revenue jj
i some one or two hundred thousand dollais. .Now, ;!
; in a bill that professes to cairy out to the extreme j;
the principle of low postage rates, it is, in my jl
' judgment, absolutely necessary that provision ,
1 should be made therein for the taxation of every- ;;
1 thing that goes through the mail. Sir, we cannot j|
I carry out the principle of low postage rates unless ;•
j we "abandon the proposition of free circulation; j;
I and it was to carry out the former principle that jj
i I introduced the amendment abolishing the frank- I'
i' ing privilege. The rates proposed m this bill are p
1 fixed at the minimum—the lowest practicable ^
! point; and unless everything carried by the mail !'
■ is taxed, we shall not be able to cany outoui plan ,
of ledueed lates. „ , u
Mr. WESTCOTT. I would inquire oi J.ne ,
' Piesidlng Officer whether the amendment 1 pro-
posed lo^ofi'er the other day will be precluded by
1 this amendment ? _ .
PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment oi-
.vish simply to ask the unan- ' fered by the Senator from Florida the other day j:
1 ' • ■ - ■ vvas then, and is ot course now, out of outer.
Mr. ALLEN. I am in favor of this proposi- '■
as your mail coaches have to travel beiween two
given points, you will take along and leave at
given points*he newspapers printed at one point—
the point from which the mail starts. We ask
this, sir, not as a favor to the publishers of news-
papers merely, but as a favor to the immense num-
ber of peisons who take and read the local press.
I shall come now to the question, what will be
the loss to the public treasury by the giant of this
ri"hl, and what proportion does the loss bear to
tiie anticipated benefit? And fitst as to the loss.
The postage'on all printed matter during the last
year was seven hundred and sixty-seveit thousand
dollars. I desire to say here, sir, that 1 shall dis-
regard and throw off fractions in all the leferences
I shall make to figures, for the sake of a more easy
and simple computation in my statements. On
printed matter—including newspapers, pamphlets,
and circulars of all kinds and descriptions—the
postage of last year was seven hundred and sixty-
seven thousand dollais. In Older to ascertain what
will be the loss to the public revenue by the prop-
osition now before the Senate, it becomes neces-
sary to inquire what proportion of this postage
was paid on other printed matter than public news-
papers. We have not, sir, in the Post Office De-
partment, norin the archives, any data upon which
to predicate a positive conclusion on that point.
But, in a conversation with one perhaps more com-
petent than any other living mail to solve such a
; question,-! learned that he thought it would be a
i" fair computation to say that one-fourth of the whole
1 of the punted matter that passed thiough the mail
might be compielnnded under the name of pam-
1 nlifets.; leaving, therefore, three-fourths of all the
revenue we derive from the transmission of printed
, matter to be derived from newspaper circulation,,
' and three-fourths of the whole amount of revenue
would be five hundred and se\enty-five thousand
dollais. That, sir, includes the entire postage
upon newspapers ot' every kind and description
circulated through the Republic.
Another question here arises, to wit, what pro-
portion of the revenue, as the law now stands, is
calculated for the transportation within and what
tion- and I shall very briefly,and with all the sim- propoition without the thirty miles? and that is
plicity of language which 1 can employ, explain to ...■ « , !w h we l, ve nn <imn to en I™ In t
the Senate the reasons by which 1 am governed in
this vote. By the Constitution of tne United States
the power to establish post offices and post roads
is conferred exclusively upon the Congress oi the
The very fact of that power betn
question upon which we have no data to calculate.
1 have, however, from my knowledge of the gen-
eral state of affairs in the interior of the country;
from my acquaintance with newspapers, and the
description of persons who are subscribers to
newspapers, foimed what I conceive a very rea-
sonable conclusion upon this subject. I suppose,
sir, that thiee-fourths of the whole revenue now
REDUCTION OF POSTAGE.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee
of the Whole, to the consideration of the bill pro-
viding for a reduction of postage.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 would ask the Presidin;
conferied exclusively upon the Fedeial Goteru-^
ment imposes upon this Government the duty of . 
es'ahlishm" post offices and post roads; and there- , paid for the transmission of newspapers is paid
fore it is that Congress has established post ofhees l| within the circle of thirty miles, within which it is
and post roads throughout the Republic. And, sir
Congiess would have been under the same neces-
sity 'of establishing post offices and post roads it
there weie not printed within the whole Republic a
solitary newspaper. i say, then, that the expenses
4i  tao i yj ii yjt n  ^
precisely as great, as to the number ot routes, or
post offices, oi' man-bags, of mail agents, and of
mi the other necessary items of expense, as it
; there were not one newspaper punted in the Uni-
i ted Slates. It is true, sir, that the transportation
! of printed matter, to the extent of us weight, >
i thiough the mail, augments the burden ot such j, is a saving to the people—not in expenduuie, but
■ mail and creates an addition to the expenses ot ,j baiely an omission to collect that much taxes,
! the Government equal to the amount of power , which we now collect fiora the people.
! necessary to transport the accumulated buiden;
and that is all the expense incurred in consequence
of,newspaper circulation. 1 wish, sir, to call the
attention of ^he Senate to the fact—and it is one
Oriicer if it is in order to move an amendment to > of the post office establishment of this counuy
the original biii 3 i- organized to accommodate the nation m the traus-
PRESlDlNGr OFFICER. A motion is now j> .mission of their private correspondence—have been
pending. ;
Mr. DICKINSON. Well, then;upon that mo- '
tion I can say what I desire. I understand that, !
under the old law, one of the rules operating in
cities affects materially the interests of newspaper
.publishers. They were in the habit of publishing
a newspaper in one place, while it appeared from
' the name upon it that H vvas issued at another
place; and the postmasters, taking the printed
name to be the place from whence the papers were
issued, established it as the office of publication,
although it. might be situated hundreds of miles
from the place where the papers were originally
printed.
Mr. NILES. I suppose the bill requires altera-
tion in this particular, and, when near its iinal pas-
sage, it can be so amended. Prior, Mr. President,
to making a few remarks upon the motion now
pending, 1 would just state that the bill is printed
■wrong, and should be half a cent postage on news-
papers circulating under a hundred miles. The
proposition of the Senator from Pennsylvania, now
before us for consideration, is to strike out the
■words " fifty miles*' and 44 allow papers published
within these limits to go for half a cent," and insert jj With the political organization of the country.
st thirty miles" and aliow " papers published with- \\ Well, sir, the mail being under the necessity of
in these limits to £0 free of postage." itisimrodu- j' running between the various points at which post
cingthe privilege of*'free matter, "or "free circula- j! offices are established—under the necessity of run-
tion," which has never yet been a provision in our j! ning whether newspapers are printed at those
laws. Down to 1845 we had no such provision in ll points or not—the request here is, that inasmuch
the proposition now that these papers shall circu-
late free; and this amount of three-fourths will
come to four hundred and thirty-one thousand dol-
lars. I am giving the adversaries of this proposi-
tion all the advantages of the.largest computation.
I am giving those figures, from which they readily
may show the largest imaginable loss to thepubhe
treasury; and, sir, 1 feel assured, with all these
advantages, they cannot carry it beyond four hun-
dred and thirty-one'thousand dollars per annum.
Now, sir, let us assume that this is to be the
loss to the public treasury and the saving to the
people; ft>r it should be borne in mind that that
which is a loss to the public treasury in thisiespect
That isit?
It is the diminution of the tax on the privi-
1 lege of reading in this country to'the extent ot four
. hundred and thirty-one thousand dollars.
Now, let us see what is the benefit likely to be
of fundamental importance in this discussion—that ( dispensed to ihe people from the diminution of their
the post office establishment throughout the Re-
public would necessarily have to be just as great
if not a newspaper had been printed in the coun-
try. That being the case, sir, Congress has pro-
ceeded upon the ground that the larger portion of
the revenue necessary to the support oi the post
oifice establishment should be levied upon the pri-
vate Coitespondence of the people ol the nation,
because private correspondence properly ielated to
private business, and had no connection whatever
taxes to the extent and in the way in which this
proposition seeks to reduce them. The newspapers
> of the United States are perhaps in number about
| two thousand four hundred. 1 have some data
| upon wiiich I think 1 may fairly draw the conclu-
| sion that they are about in number two thousand
i four hundred; but, in order to keep within pioba-
j bihty, or, rather, to keep within positive fact in my
1 estimate, I put the number at two thousand. Now*
( sir, these two thousand newspapers have a various
i circulation as to number and as to time. The large
i buy papers publish an immense edition daily; the
1 small country papers publish a limited edition
i weekly. The papers of the inteimediate towns—
! those between villages and clues—publish a larger
\ circulation than the village presses, and publish
