1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
them two or three times a week. There is, there-
fore, no possibility of doing more than striking in
the mind a fair average as to the extent and num-
ber of the papers circulated. I have attempted to
do that. Assuming the number of the papers to
be two thousand, 1 assume the circulation of the
whole to be once a week—none of them are less,
and many of them are daily—and'I assume the
number of the copies issued by each to be one thou-
sand on an average. There are, then, circulated m
the United States two thousand newspapers, each
..circulating; weekly one thousand copies, making in
all a weekly average of two millions of-newspapers
circulated in the United States. But all of these
papers do not circulate through the mails; many of
them are distributed in the towns and cities where
they are published. *
I have made a calculation as to the probable
proportion of those that do go through the mail
and those that do not. I have supposed that
three-fourths of the whole number do go through
the mails, and are transported to some point from
the .point of publication—that is to say 1,500,000
newspapers—and I have also supposed what would
be the proportion between the number circulated
within and the number circulated without tins
circle of sixty miles.
I have supposed that about half of the whole
of the printed newspapers—about two-thirds of
all that £0 in the mails—are circulated within this
circle of sixty miles; that is to say, 1,000,000 of
newspapers. Th§ proposition before us is, there-
fore, to cease levying this tax upon 1,000,000 of
newspapers circulated weekly within a circle of
sixty miles from the central point of publication.
That, sir, is the proposition.
And now, sir, let me see who it is that would
derive benefit from this privilege—who it is that
would be exempt from this taxation now imposed,
and how many there are. All the newspapers that
pass through the mails, but go within the circle of
sixty miles, are 1,000,000 in number. They are
taken by one million of men; and it may faiiiy be
supposed that each newspaper thus taken, entering
a family, is read, and dispenses us benefits to three
members of that family, which will show an ag-
giegate of three millions of people who will be
benefited by this motion.
Now, sir, I do not look upon the repeal of this
tax on the privilege of reading—tor that is all it is
«—as an unrequited favor at the expense of the
Government. In the fit st place, i have shown you
that your mail has to travel between all these points
whether you take newspapers along or not. Your
mail has to go, and as this proposition is confined
to a circle of sixty miles from the central point of
publication, the larger part of this matter goes in
the otherwise empty mail-bags that travel on the
cross-roads. Your mails will have to travel, as I
have shown, even with empty mail-bags, whether
there be a newspaper or no newspaper published
in the country. The mail must go. You have in-
curred the obligation by the Constitution of send-
ing a mail and keeping up the post office establish-
ment for the accommodation of the people, and you
are bound to do it whether there are newspapers
transmitted or not.
But I have said that I do not look on this as a
boon to be extended by the Government. You
will observe, from the nature of this proposition,
that it applies in such a manner as to alFect distant
localities in the mteiior of the country, and that it
is exactly within these localities that the mails of
the United States aie transported on public roads
not made by the Federal Government—often not
by the State—but by the local population of the
neighborhoods. The people of each neighborhood
make their roads, and from year to year they re-
pair them. The people of the counties bridge their
streams, and from year to year repair them, and
your mail goes over them free ot charge. Your
mail pays no toll to keep them in repair. The
local population of each vicinity, who are to be
benefited by this poor little leduction of the tax on
the privilege of reading, therefore, have a right to
claim it as an equivalent for the right which you
have of passing free over roads which they have
to make and keep in repan, and on the making and
repairing of which you spend not a farthing.
Mr. President, almost all of the public men of
this country know something about the public
press; and as we are more apt to remember wrongs
than favors, almost all public men remember that
the press has been the vehicle of malice and of
injustice toward them; and without looking to the
other side of the question, and contemplating the
'amount of benefits that they have derived from the
press, they are very apt to say in their souls, espe-
cially whemthey read a scorching article on them-
selves, "better would it be if there were no news-
papers in the country." But, sir, I am far from
entertaining this opinion. And 1 say now, sir,
upon my responsibility to reason and to truth,
that so far from considering the public press of this
country as an evil, i do not believe it would be
possible to maintain public liberty without it. 1
rneao to maintain the public liberty as we have it
secured by a written constitution, under a repie-
sentative system, extending far and wide over
our immense country. In such a state of things,
without this medium of communication, between
the people themselves, and between the people
and the Government, and between the people and
the functionaries of the Government, it would be
utterly impossible for the people to exercise that
supervision and control over public measures and
public men which is necessary for the suppoi 1 of
public freedom.
Sir, it has been the custom of our youth, in our
school-houses, to hear much said about the liber-
ties and republics of Greece and Rome; and, there-
fore, any reference to those matters becomes stale
and common-pi ace. It is not my habit to indulge
in them; but, on the present occasion, i shall do
so for the sake of illustration, and to sustain the
proposition I have just laid down, that without the
public press, and a free one too, public liberty m
a laige country could not by human possibility
be maintained. In order to illustrate that proposi-
tion I shall refer to those old countries whose in-
stitutions have been called barbarous. I will take
that one which has given its name and ideas to all
posterity. 1 will take that littie republic which
illustrated the genius of that Government where
existed an absolute unrestricted democracy: I mean
Grcccc. We hear nothing, sir, about the free
yeomanry of Greece—not a word. No historian
has used those words, or any words in Greek of
which they would be a taue translation. No his-
torian has told us about the farming population of
Greece. No historian has told us about the coun-
try population of Greece coming into their cities to
vote. And why, sir? Because, for the want of
a medium of communication between the Govern-
ment and the extiernes of the country, it was im-
possible, in the nature of things, for there to exist
anything like a free and independent yeomanry.
To enjoy the privilege of a citizen of Greece, you
had to remove to a capital city; you must settle
in Athens; you must cultivate your lands by a
description of labor that was not free, placing it
under the control of men who were not tree voting
citizens. In order to be a citizen, it was necessary
to be a resident. In order to enjoy the immuni-
ties and rights of a citizen of Athena, it was neces-
sary to become a citizen in fact, by settling within
the city. And so of all the other cities of Greece.
It was that fact, more than all others put to-
gether, that removed the very description of popu-
lation upon whose integrity, whose habits', and
whose employments freedom arid free institutions !
can best depend—the cultivators of the soil. Hence !
it was, sir, that a Grecian republic was but a Gie- !
cian city; and hence it was that all the attempts to ]
form a confedeiauun among the Greek States re- 1
suited in nothing more than a confederation of so
many cities, great and small. Political power was
annexed to the cities, and excluded from the coun-
try. So it was in Italy. And hence it was that
the utter extermination of the ancient cultivators
of the soil took place. To be a citizen of Rome,
politically, with the means of exercising the right
of a citiz.cn, you had to go from your farm and le-
side in the ancient city of the world, or some other
capital city, h was for that reason alone the
towns became the source of all legislation, the sole
source of all political power, the country popula-
tion being reduced to nothing.
What historian has told us about the yeomanry
of Italy or Greece, or any State in Greece, partici-
pating in any political question or political act?
No, sir; such was the inevitable necessity of things,
because there was no sufficient medium of commu-
nication between the Government and the people
abroad, or the people abroad themselves, by winch
they could be possibly informed of what was going
on. They had to repair to the cities themselves,
and that concentrated the sole power of the iepub-
lic in the cities alone; and that led to another con-
clusion. It was impossible, in that state of things,
that the representative system could ever be ap-
plied; and the consequence was, that the masses
in cities legislated themselves, the Governments
became small, confined to the circle of cities, and
took the form of absolute democracy. When a
law was passed, Demosthenes was seen upon the
arena, and the ten thousand voting people were
seen sitting in a circle in front of the orator, who
explained the nature and effect of each proposition,
and each proposition was then submitted to the
judgment of the assembled mass, and that mass
constituted the legislature of Greece. There was
no other, the Senate only having power of sub-
mitting propositions and forms of law. And we
know how it was in Rome: that after the Roman
Senate had passed an act, it was competent for the
tribune of the people to hold it up to the people for
approval or rejection, and their decision was final.
Now, they could have no representative system
} under that state of things. The sole reason of
: which was—for they were as wise as we are—that
: there was no sufficient medium of communication
1 between the citizens themselves, and between the
i citizens and the Government. Therefore, the idea
of having people at a distance, represented a thou-
i sand miles oft, with no means of communication,
j would have proved an utter and absolute abortion.
( The Government would have rotted down in five
! years; and this Government would m ten years,
| if there were no newspapers published in the Uni-
j ted States.
i This proposition, then, while it proposes abso-
i luteiy to dimmish to the extent of four hundred
1 thousand dollars this tax, or privilege, as it is
i called, has this further consequence in it: it will
j tend to establish and build up, by indirect encour-
! agement, local presses at points where there are
1 no pr'esses now; and every local press that is estab-
j hshed diminishes the danger that now exists in
France, of putting the whole mass of the public
mind under the direction and control of a great
central press, as in Paris. It localizes the power
of the mind m every locality in the Republic. It
enables the people in every locality, even to the
remotest parts of our wilderness territories, to
paitiupute in the action of the Government as
directly and effectually as if they lived in any one
of the great cities of the Republic. I know, as I
have before said, that those who have been wound-
ed by the press very naturally-complain; those who
, have been benefited by the press ure less apprehen-
sive. I know that there is a common saying that the
I newspaper press may be, or perhaps has been, to
i some extent corrupted; that it is the vehicle of false*
[ hood and injustice; that it is an instrumentality
through which bad men can gratify their private or
public malignity upon other men. Be it so. In the
West there is a gieat river known as the Missis-
sippi. Sometimes this river breaks over its banks
and ovei flows the adjacent country, sweeping away
fenccs and crops, and even houses in its course.
Upon it floats steamboats which sometimes get
snagged and wrecked with a great sacrifice of hu-
man life, and hundreds of thousands of dollars
worth of property. But, sir, will you offset these
unavoidable evils against the mighty advantages of
that stream, ami say that, because of these inci-
dental evils the stream is of no account, and that it
would be well if it were dried up? So precisely
may it be said, except with more force and effect,
in regard to this gieat medium thiough which flow
the Rteas of this country and the public. There
may be ills and injustice arising from a free press.
There may be falsehood promulgated through it.
There may be malignity gratified through it. There
may be cases wheie innocence has been mad&to
suffer thiough its instrumentality. But what are
all these evils compared to the immense benefit of
keeping an open communication between four mil-
lions of voteis; for these presses are not only the
means of communication between the Government
and the people, but between all the people, one
with another, it is the press which enables them to
pour forth ideas upon political quest-ions. It is in
this great book for the people, unfolded in every
man's house, open to every man's inspection, that
the people lead the facts as to what the Govern-
ment is about.
I say nothing, sir, (because, it is not my pre-
rogative to speak of other great subjects than that"
of politics, which are commended to the reason of
I our people,) of another branch of the puuhc press,
