344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
which, by-the-by, is embraced in this proposition.
But I speak of the political effect, and I am the
more in favor of this proposition, because it chimes
in most harmoniously with every proposition I
have ever laid down touching this subject of open
communication with the people. Year after year,
I have stood up here and demanded, in the behalf
.and in the name of the American people, that these
doors shbuld be open, and that the whole of our
transactions, in the name of our constituents, should
be performed in the view of our constituents. So,
too, I have stood up here, when it was thought
unpopular to do so, in support of the franking
privilege for the same re&son. In every instance
where I have acted or voted, I have sought to do
it in such a manner that it would open the doors
wider to the inspection of the people, and pour a
stronger light upon their representatives. 1 have
done this because I have believed that in this thing
consists our only security, because 1 am not one
of those who suppose that .this Government con-
sists in a written Constitution. No, sir, I am not
child enough for that. I know what this Govern-
ment consists in. If it consisted but in a written
Constitution, where would it have been now,
.when that Constitution has, confessedly, so often
been infracted? No; this Government is to be
found at the firesides of the people of this country.
.It is to be found in the sentiments, in the judg-
ments, in the predilections, in the hopes, in the
. sympathies of a great people, who make known
their sympathies by indoctrinating and circu-
lating resolutions through the public press, and
through their representatives on the floors of the
two Houses of Congress. There, then, is the seat
of our Government—in the hearts of ihe people, and
it is a mistake to call this Capitol the seat of our
government. Far from it, sir; the seat of our
Government is in the hearts of our people. It is
in their breath. They breathed it into existence,
and they may, and have a right to maintain it in
the form which they have prescribed—free, with-
out restraint.
It does not behoove us then, who are the repre-
sentatives of.the States and the people, to do any-
thing which shall veil our conduct m the slightest
degree from the open inspection of our constitu-
ents. It does not become us, upon whose conduct,
let me teil you, sir, public liberty depends, to at-
tempt to shut out the people from the watchful
observation of the. actions and deliberations of
those whom they have selected to do their bidding;
for the right of suffrage in the people would not be
worth a farthing to them if, after they had ex-
ercised that right, they lost all control over the
agent whom they had appointed. In that case,
the choice of their representatives would amount
to the delegation of absolute authority. As it is,
although the lorm of power passes out of the con-
stituent to the lepresentative, through the action of
the ballot-box, yet, by having open communica-
tion between tiie two,  y bringing the actor, who
is the representative, directly in front of the men
in whose name he acts, and holding him there
while he acts, the constituents secure the just ex-
position of their wishes. That is the constitution
which insures the purity of legislation and the
stability of our Government.
I am, then, in favor, not only of giving to the
public press this privilege, if privilege it can be
called; or, in other words, of repealing a tax of
four hundred and thirty-one thousand dollars,
which is now imposed upon the priulege of read-
ing; 1 am not only in favor of that, but m favor of
any other proposition that any man will make that
will bring the people more directly home to this
(government. Sir, with all the light we now have,
we are not at home. Why, sir, with all these
vast means of communication between the people
and their repiesentatives, what do we behold here '
from year to year? 1 will teil what we behold, i
We see schemes put through the two Houses of
Congress, year m and year out, solely owing to j
the importunities, solicitations, and felicitations of ;
a lew thousand men in this capital, who can ob- 1
tam an act of legislation that tlie whole farming I
population of this Republic cannot obtain, i wilt
give you an illustration, for I am now dealing in J
facts, and I shall use it in connection with this ;
- subject, because it connects itself with it. This is
not only the case in regard to this class of subjects,
but in regard to every subject involved in the
money actions of this Government, whether in
wllecting money or in disbursing it.
The measure which I am now advocating has
been opposed upon the ground of expense. Now-,
sir, I wish to go into this matter of expense in
connection with this subject, and I shall introduce
my illustration here. I have said that because we
had the exclusive power, it was made our duty to
establish post offices and post roads, and we have
acted upon that construction. The United States
never would have established one post office or
one mail route, had it not been the duty of the
United States to do it; because the argument would
have arisen immediately, why should the United
States carry the letters of men, and not carrj their
bacon, pork, and flour? Why should the Govern-
ment beeo'me the common carriers of the letters of
the people, and not the common carriers of their
flour and pork ? That would have been the argu-
ment. But the Constitution now cuts that argu-
ment through. The Constitution has made it the
duty of the Government to -carry these letters, to
establish post offices and post.routes. But there
is one thing that the Constitution has not made it
our duty to" do, and that is to establish mail routes
beyond the United States, and therefore beyond
its Constitution. That they have not authorized
us to do. We are under no more constitutional
obligation to carry the letters of the merchants of
New York to Havre, in Prance, than we are to
carry their corn, pork, bacon, and articles of man-
ufacture. Not a bit; and yet what have we done?
We not only had no constitutional obligation upon
us to establish ocean mail routes and put up post
offices in the limit of far-off and independent coun-
tries, but we had no right to do. I hold each one
of those acts by which ma'il routes were established
between the United States and any foieign Power
as being a direct violation of the Constitution of
the Republic and the spirit of this Government.
There are many arguments in support of that prop-
osition which it will not be in my way to notice
at present; another time will be more propitious.
But, sir,l will notice the fact, that notwithstanding
the absence of all constitutional obligation, and,
as I maintain, all constitutional right, to carry the
merchants' letters to Liverpool any more than to
carry their flour, yet, notwithstanding all this, sir,
in a time of heavy taxes—aye, sir, in a time of
war, in a time of money-borrowing, at a time when
we were withholding appropriations for objects
which we believed required them, because we
thought that there were other objects that required
them more—at that very time, what were we doing?
Why, sir, we were paying out large sums for these
ocean mail steamers. We commenced this system
of carrying merchants' letters in 1845. It is now
1849. It is four years, then, since wecommenced.
Mr. N1LES, (in his seat.) It is not yet four
years since that system went into operation.
Mr. ALLEN. Perhaps it is not lull four years,
but it is over three, at all events. It is four years
since the act was passed.
Well, sir, we have now one contract for carry-
ing the mail between New York and Bremen, with
a discretion on the part of the carrier to stop at
Havre, where there is nothing between heaven
and earth to carry but letters, and probably a few
leading city newspapers. On this route, between
its points of termination, there is- no intervening
population of a million strong—nothing but a bar-
ren waste of intervening waters. What do we pay
for carrying these few letters? We are to pay four
hundred thousand dollars per annum for this con-
tract—an amount equal in itself to all the diminu-
tion of the revenue which will be effected by the
proposition now upon the table of the Senate. I
s!ud the other day that I could demonstrate, if
demonstration is a word applicable to moral rea-
soning, that we could extend this privilege, that I
have shown wou],<J reJch three millions of people,
without losing more money than we pay for cai-
rying a single mail twelve times a year between
New York, Havre, and Bremen. That is what I
said. But, sir, there was no economy then. There
are other contracts of this kind which I will name.
As I told you when this question was up before
the Senate a few days ago, I intend to bring the
local interests of this country in competition with
its foreign, interests. I will bring the value and
importance of the local home post office system in
competition with this foreign system. I have
shown you that this one mail line, running be-
tween two points, costs as much money as this
measure will take from the public revenue. The
mail running from here to St. Louis scatters its
benefits over a thousand points. The mail running
between this city and Augusta, in Maine, or Sa-
vannah, in Georgia, scatters its benefits all along
the road, through a populous country, and to "a
thousand points, diffusing its blessing's as it goes'
along to millions of people; but here is one mail
running across a trackless waste of waters, touch-
ing only at one point, except that from which it
starts, and we pay for that mail for carrying mer-
chants' letters twelve times a year as much monev
as we shall lose by diminishing this tax upon
reading proposed-by the amendment now submit-
ted to the Senate.
But there is more, sir, a great deal more. We
have another of these mail lines between New
York and Liverpool. Mark you, the other was
between New York and Bremen, with the discre-
tion to take in Havre, and this line was to be paid
four hundred thousand dollars per annum. The
actual expenditure last year was but one hundred
thousand dollars, in consequence of the com-
pany not having complied with the contract, and
not having put Ion all the steamers agreed upon.
Well, sir, this four hundred thousand dollar con-
tract has illustrated, during the past year, and
the year before, the force of that great argument.
which was urged in favor of its passage. When
the bill proposing to establish this line was under
discussion in the Senate, it was argued that the
British steamers were getting all the profits on
the transportation of the letters of American citi-
zens between the two countries. It was then stated
that the profits on this mail route were enormous,
and that if we did not establish this line of steamers,
and thus come in for a share of these profits, the
British Government would soon realize enough,
from the transportation of our letters, to pay off
the national debt. Why, sir, gentlemen then talked
about the profits expected to arise from the trans-
portation of these letters as many, in the phrensy
of their imaginations, now talk about the exhaust-
less wealth of California. Just give us, said they,
this line of steamers, just bring us in competition
with the British, and yourwill see such an amount
of revenue as would make the very mouths of Sena-
tors water. [Laughter.]
Well, sir, we have had the experience. We
have laid out four hundred thousand dollars of our
money, and what is the result? The Postmaster
General tells us, very modestly, in one little corner
of his report—he has put it in a manner which would
seem to say, this is intended merely as a paren-
thesis, and may be omitted without spoiling the
sense. That great income has yielded up all its
ore, and disgorged all its treasures, and it is all
summed up in a very few figures. Sir, when I
heard those flaming accounts of anticipated profits
that were to be reaped from this enterprise, I
thought that we might be able, from this* immense
overplus of wealth, to construct "a canopy over
your head, something like that described as
shading the head of the great Mogul, whieji, ac-
cording to the description, was constructed of solid
diamonds. Four pillars supported the canopy,
and they were composed of the same material, and ,
and on each corner was perched a large-sized pea-
cock, and'they also were made of diamonds. Yet,
sir, notwithstanding all these brilliant expecta-
tion®, the sum total of the immense revenue that
we were to derive from carrying, these letters
comes down to the waistcoat-pocket sum of twen-
ty-nine thousand dollars. Four hundred thousand
dollars has been spent, or is to be spent, under this
contract, in order to compete,with the English, in
order to break down the English monopoly in
carrying letters, and, by withholding from them
that enormous source of revenue, further to em-
barrass our great ocean enemy. [Laughter.] We
have expended four hundred thousand dollars m
order to do this—to gratify our love of money and
hatred of the British; and in the latter I mostcordially
participate, so far as the Government is concerned;
I do not speak of the people. In order to do this
we have made this expenditure; and here are our
profits. The profit on four hundred thousand dol-
lars (for, although only one hundred thousand
dollars have been paid, the remainder must be
paid) is twenty-nine thousand dollars and a frac-
tion. Every person opposed to the bill at the
time predicted that -this would be the case. We
said it would be a bankrupt system, yet the Senate
voted for it; and now here we are paying this
enormous sum to maintain this line of ocean mail-
sgamers, although our post office system was
