1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
started upon the principle that the department
should, pay for itself; for, notwithstanding the fact
that the Constitution imposes upon the Govern-
ment the duty to establish post offices and post
.'routes still we said, with our usual spirit of parsi-
'mony,'that the department must pay for itself, and
"we acted upon that idea until the jobbers came
'"about. As long, sir, as we were serving the
'people and acting according to,the behests of the
"people, we acted upon that idea; bur when we
"went beyond our constitutional obligations and
entered into a business on which we had no right
to enter, when we entered upon this business of
'establishing ocean mail routes, then we abandoned
* the idea of making the Post Office Department pay
its own expenses. If we had not abandoned this
idea, what would have been our condition in rela-
tion to this ocean mail route? Here is a line that
runs over nothing but a wilderness of waters,
carries no mail to any intervening points, merely
carries the letters of a few merchants from1 one
point to another, and we pay this line four hun-
'dred thousand dollars, and in return wfe receive
from the line the paltry sum of twenty-nine thou-
sand dollars.
But, sir, in the very same year that we estab-
lished this line, we knocked down two hundred
"and ninety post offices from among the people.
"We knocked them down, and for what, sir' Be-
cause the revenue arising from these two hundred
. 'and ninety post offices did not pay for keeping
'them up, therefore down they went. They were
'not in England, nor in Bremen, nor in Havre, but
' they were among the people, and, while we were
"putting up these European post offices and estab-
, fishing our ocean mail routes, where the expense
quadruples five times over the income, we were
knocking down the post offices where we were
constitutionally bound to keep them up, because
they did not pay for themselves. Because the
'people of Iowa and Wisconsin, where the coun-
try was not thickly settled, did not write letters
enough and 'take a sufficient numberof newspa-
pers to keep up post offices within a distance of
ten miles from them, therefore the inhabitants of
those parts of the country must travel thirty miles
to deposite a letter in the post office; and, if these
people complain, they are told, your post offices
do not pay for themselves, and, therefore, we must
down with them. But it is not so, sir, when the
polished and moneyed gentlemen, who visit this
city about the opening of a session of Congress,
and take quarters at the magnificent hotels, and
get jobs from the servants of the people—these
gentlemen, who spend the vacations of Congress
in planning and plotting, and in employing all the
resources of finesse and mathematics to determine
the shortest means and most infallible manner by
'which they can enrich themselves out of the pub-
lic treasury, and that in a single session—when
these gentlemen swarm about the Capitol, and
take up their abodes, as I have said before, in the
magnificent hotels, and have their papers sent
in proposing to carry the mail between New York
and Liverpool and have spent three or four
months in billing and cooing with the members; in
"flattering this man and that—" if I can only get
your support, such is your influence with the Sen-
ate and the country, my bill will be sure to go;"
' and telling another man, " such is your influence,
my dear sir, that if you oppose my bill, your very
name will crush it, for your name stands as a nat-
ural antagonist to corruption of every kind,'1 and
end with a gentle request " that if he cannot vote
for it, just to step out of the way whenever itcomes
up, and so not throw his influence against it;"
after all this billing and cooing, and flattering, in
which a dozen or twenty accomplished gentlemen
are engaged around our lobbies, from the com-
mencement to the termination of every session;
after all these appliances, that are visible, have ex-
erted their influence, the bill, whatever it may be,
is passed; and we have found that it is far more
easy to pass a bill under that kind of influence
than to pass it under the influence of the whole
public mind of the country besides. Yes, sir,
these lobby-men, these undertakers, these jobbers,
these polished financiers, whose ardent patriotism
prompts them to come here and suggest these
gigantic schemes every year—they, I say, and I
dare say it, exert more influence upon the money
actions of this Government than a million of farm-
ers at home, at work upon their farms. An influ-
ence can be obtained in that way which all the pe-
titions and all the memorials of all the farmers in
America could not stir in the two Houses of Con-
gress. Such is the gk-eat difference between a re-
mote request and present personal importunity.
Hence it is, that though we started out upon the
principle that we were bound to keep up post
offices and post roads, and make the people in their
vicinity pay the expense, yet, when we come to
giving out jobs for contracts for ocean postage, we
abandon the idea of making the system pay for
itself, and prefer here, as we have done within tile
last three years, to make contracts to the amount
of one million three hundred and thirty-four thou-
sand dollars. Why, sir, as I will show from an-
other document, the whole of the contracts for the
transportatiohlof the mails of the United States be-
tween sixteen thousand post offices, over forty-one
thousand miles per annum, in Steamboats, rail-
roads, coaches, and on horseback, amount to about
two millions and a third; but here is this external
transportation got up, like a fungus growing upon
a sound body, got up within four years, given out
in jobs to-individuals for whom we had no right
to legislate, and quite alien to our people; this ex-
ternal transportation has run up in four years to
more than half the expense ofnhe internal trans-
portation. Yet, when we ask, in behalf of three
millions of people, that you would diminish your
taxes to the extent of four hundred thousand dol-
lars per annum on the privilege of reading, that
you would encourage the intelligence of the coun-
try, and open the channels of communication still
wider between the people with each other, and be-
tween the people and the Government, thet money
idea instantly starts: " We cannot do it," yoa an-
swer. Why can you not do it? Because there is
somebody behind the "bar who wants just that
sum to carry the mail to Liverpool. Yes, sir, so
anxious were we to give out this job to the .New
York and Liverpool mail man for three hundred
and ninety-five thousand dollars per annum, that
we gave to the Secretary of the Navy, who, of
course, is well skilled in these matters—for he has
grown pale in ciphering up and calculating the
financial aspect of these contracts; he has grown
ghastly pale m studying over these matters—the
power to enter into this contract for that sum, for
carrying the mail between New York and Liver-
pool.
A contract was also entered into by the same
officer with certain individuals to carry the mail
from New York to New Orleans, in mail steamers,
for which $290,000 per annum was to be given.
After the Secretary ot the Navy has committed the
Government to the extent of $>290,000 per annum,
the Postmaster General comes forward and tells
us that that will not do; that the mall can be car-
ried much more expeditiously, safely, and surely
in the old way, by railroad across the country.
But we never stop to examine matters very care-
fully when ajob is wanted by any of these lobby
men to whom I have referred. Ajob was wanted
when this contract was entered into, and the mat-
ter could not be delayed. It was not a question
between us and the people, which we could argue
a twelvemonth about, but it was between us and
the gentleman behind the bar; and he informed us
that he could not wait, and so we told him to take
the money, and after he had got the money, the Post-
master General comes out and says that it is all a
mistake; that we do not want that line; that he can
carry the mail much quicker, and much more
safely, in the old way. But the job is out, and 1
believe it is one that has been assigned. Why,
sir, some of these jobs were rendered negotiable,
and the probability is that they will before long
attain the character of a circulating medium. An
individual may get a contract to carry the mail,
worth four or five hundred thousand .tloUars, and
then go into the great money streets in New York
and hawk it about for sale. Here have been five
contracts entered into for carrying our mails in
steamships, and I believe that two or three con-
tracts out of the five have been assigned. One was
obtained by a gentleman hving^n Cincinnati, I be-
lieve, whose name is Sloo, who has assigned his
contract. Another was obtained by a gentleman
of the name of Harris, to carry the mail to Panama,
I believe, and he, too, ha3 assigned his contract.
Mr. NILES, (in his seat.) All the contracts
have been assigned to Mr. Collins.
Mr. ALLEN. They have all been assigned,
so that it is a mere matter of speculation to get
these negotiable contracts through Congress, and
contracts have been entered into in four years to
the amount of $1,334,000 per annum.
Mr. President, in this state of things, I think I
have said enough to make the local presses Of this
country, and the city presses likewise, if they mean
to assert the rights of the people as well as their
own, put their members of Congress upon tlie
alert, and rtiake them curtail and retrench these
external expenses, in order to enable us to curtail
the internal expenses. If they want a free circu-
lation, they must take hold of the subject. Two
thousand newspapers, lifting up their voices to
three millions of men in this country, will make
themselves heard; if not so soon as those polished
gentlemen behind our bars, they will still make
themselves heard, and heard to some purpose too;
for to everyday there is a hereafter, and the member
of Congress who will vote against the proposition
I now make, and then turnaround and vote-to-kejp
up .these contracts, that member, whoever he may
be, will have to answer for his.conduct at the great
tribunal of the people. You vote to keep this
heavy tax upon intelligence and upon the privilege
of reading, and then you vote to squander our
money to carry a few letters for the richest of our
citizens—the great moneyed men of New York—
who are better able to pay for any services re-
quired than any other portion of the community,
and who, if this system of jobbing had not been
entered into, would have cheerfully paid for the
ransportation of their letters.
I will say^as an act of justice to that body of
wealthy, patriotic, and public-spirited men, the
merchants of New York, and I might include the
merchants of our other Atlantic cities, that I never
heard any complaint from them because they had
to pay for the transportation of their letters across
the Atlantic. They ^ould as soon have thought
of calling upon the Government to contribute to
defray the expenses attendant upon the transport-
ation of their merchandise as the postage upon
their letters. The merchants of New York would
have scorned the baseness of such a job. It was
incepted, matured, and accomplished by the job-
bers. It was found that the Government and the
jobbers had a mutual interest in connecting the
Post Office and Naval Departments. Either the
Government wanted an excuse to augment the
navy in a time of peace, in order to find cradles
for the newborn nobility, or the jobbers wanted to
connect the mail system with the defensive sys-
tem, in order to get enormous jobs, and to make
fortunes out of them. This is the corrupting fea-
ture of that Government which I consider by far the
most odious in the world. The high aristocracy
who wield the political power have also an inter-
est coincident with the stock-jobbers, and there-
fore these two classes, the high aristocratic and
the stock-jobbing money power, have always
united. . v
Very well. A contract was -wanted in New-
York, but the jobbers knew that it would not do
to ask Mr. Mason to recommend that our navy
should be increased; because our naval expendi-
tures have already run up within the last fourteen
years from four millions to nine millions of dollars
per annum, and that without ever firing a gun,
except where there was the least occasion to fire
one—at the battle of Vera Cruz. We have doubled
our expenditures m that department, and they
knew that it would not do to ask for anything
more in that quarter. It would h^ve required too
much brass, too much hardihood of feature, to
come here and request the Government of the
United States to make any additions to that branch
of the service. Under such circumstances, they
applied first to the Postmaster General, who favored
their scheme to a certain extent. A law was passed,
and he made one contract, and there stopped. The
idea of the Postmaster General was, to hold some
little communication with the populous countries
of the Old World, from which many of our citizens
had'derived their origin. He established one line,
and then said, "I am done." At the next session
Congress repealed the act; but, sir, it was like the
original sin. The first fall had left its bruise, which
continued to spread, although Congress repealed the
act, and by the repeal denounced the system, and
determined to putanend to it. I opposed the system
when it was first started, and it met with opposi-
tion from other quarters; and Congress repealed
the first law for the express purpose of preventing
it from growing into a system. But what signi-
fied the intention of Congress? What signified the
