346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24,
opposition of the Postmaster General? Nothing
whatever. When the Postmaster General declared
himself in opposition to the scheme, the job was
thrown out of the Post Office Department by its
originators. They simply changed the venue.
They went to the Navy Department, and they
made the Secretary of the Navy believe that the
post office system and the navy might be united
upon the English plan. We have no newborn
nobles here, sir; but we have a great many new-
born millionaires, a great many young gentlemen
who wish to live without labor; and it would be
for them the most convenient thing in the world
if they could create a partnership between the
Government and the stock-jobbers, by getting an
act passed authorizing the Secretary of the Navy
to contract for carrying the mail, and leave the
Postmaster General to stand off and look on.
Well, sir, it took that chute, and then the whole
flood opened, and then this thing which we struck
at to -prevent us becoming a system, suits up into
a system hi another place in the public service,
and the nation is made to believe that their salva-
tion depended upon the agency of the stock-job-
bers in New York.
Before that, we had heard that the navy was the
great arm of the public defence. But all at once
it was found out, that unless the Government em-
ployed these men to build vessels of a certain kind
to carry the mails, and entered into arrangements
with them, by which these vessels could be con-
verted, in case of emergency, into^ships of war,
we could not expert to cope with our enemies at
sea. It was necessary to enter into some arrange-
ment with these jobbers, by which these vessels,
after carrying cargoes of flour and merchandise of
ail kinds for twenty years, until they had gone
into decay, could be biought into the seivicc of
the navy; so that when, some fifteen or twenty
years hence, it may be convenient for us to stretch
our little arm over to Canada, and her Majesty
Victoria the First shall send her fleet around here
to protect her possessions, in such an event we
may be able to drive our enemies from our waters;
and we have gone to the expense of $1,334,000
per annum for fear such a contingency may arise.
We have gone to this expense to do that which
we have no constitutional power to do—to estab-
lish mail routes the world over, making discrimi-
nations between the ports of the United States, in
express opposition to the Constitution, But what
is the Constitution, when jobs aie wanted? That
will do as a barrier when appropriations are wanted
for the benefit of the people, but not when jobs
ore wanted as a matter of gentility between officers
of the Government and gentlemen behind-the bar.
Then, sir, no Constitution is known. Some time
or other, this thirijj will lie changed. [Soveial
Senatots here intimated to Mr. that it was
time to adjourn.] But, Mr. President, I fear I
have detained the Senate too long already. 1 had
no idea that I had been speaking for such a length
of time. Though 1 have something more to say,
I will not detain the Senate longer at this time, but
I will reserve what further 1 have to say for one of
these jobs that are behind the bar. [See Appendix.]
Mr. NILES. Mr. President, L will detain the
Senate but for a few moments, as it is so late, but
I think it better that this matter should be closed up
now.
Mr. DAYTON. If the Senator from Connecti-
cut will give way, I will move an adjournment.
Mr. NILES? I have but a few words to say, and
I think they had better be said now. I have list-
ened withgreatinterestto the remarks of my friend
from Ohio. I must say, however, that his argu-
ments leminded me of an anecdote told of a certain
lawyer, who was in the habit of making very long
and very able arguments, like those of my friend.
On a certain occasion the judge told him that, in-
asmuch as the time was precious, he hoped he
wouid condense his arguments and be as brief as |
Eossible in his remarks. The lawyei^Jsaid certainly j
e would be very brief. lie then began to address \
the court as follows: " May it please your honor, i
before the foundation of the world there was a t
chaos, and I propose to trace down events from
that time till now, to illustrate my case, and then
I shall begin it."
My friend did not go so far back as that, but he
went back to ancient Greece and Rome, aud pur-
sued the thread of human events from that time to
the formation of our Government to illustrate his
case, and then started out on the platform of the
Constitution to adduce arguments from%at high
platform to establish the propriety of circulating
newspapers within thirty miles of the office of pub-
lication free of postage. His arguments have been
pretty strong and pretty direct, and probably have
carried conviction to the minds of Senators. If
they have not, it is no fault of my friend. I am
not going to follow his arguments in detail, but
will reply to him in very few words.
In the first place, he says we are spending a great
deal of money for private individuals, and there-
fore ought to carry the newspapers withm certain
distances free of postage. 1 do not think that in-
cludes the matter at issue. I am greatly surprised
that my friend should object to these lines of mail
steamers, for I think that I can demonstrate, that
of all men in the Senate he is preeminently re-
sponsible for this whole legislation. It has all
originated from his views and arguments in this
body. The gentleman views 'them as a part of
the mail service. They are intended to compose
a part of the naval force of the country. They
were established with that view. They belong to
the Navy Department. They were built in pur-
suance of a policy dictated by the war feeling. And
who, I ask, has done most to get up this spirit of
war in this country ? Who has talked loudest about
humbling the pride of our old enemy—England—
and on her own element, too? Why, sir, a few
years ago my friend made a speech two days m
length, and it was an able speech too, and I list-
ened to it with much attention, as 1 have to his
speech to-day. It was upon the Oregon resolu-
tions, and the great weight aud object of his speech
were to piove that we could crush England as
easily as my friend could crush General Tom
Thumb; that nothing could be easier; and that
England would not dare to enter into a controversy
with the United Stales single-handed. The gen-
tleman undoubtedly produced a deep impression
at that time upon the Senate and upon the countiy,
and he told us that H was our first and highest
duty to prepare the hearts of the people for war;
and out of that preparation have come these lines
of mail steamers. We have been following up the
doctrine and views of my fiiend, [laughtei,] and
have established these lines for mail and naval
purposes. And now, he says that ihis is the busi-
ness of jobbers. Jobbers I I hope there are no
! jobbers in the Senate. [Renewed laughter.] I
I hope there was no jobbing in this thing of pre-
| paung the hearts of the people for war. Jobs will
| grow out of wars, as they will out of all the opera-
tions of Government,
! But it was a great and glorious and patriotic
, purpose to cany out and fulfill the high destiny of
i this Republic, to annoy England, and to ctush her
| upon her own element, [laughter]; and to do this,
I wehaveestablished these lines of steamers: fifteen,
j I beiteve, in all, ha\e been built, but more are
necessary for the great work marked out by the
Senator from Ohio. More lines must be estab-
lished in order to prepaie the hearts of the people
for war. But we have.made a very handsome
beginning, and-now my friend turns round and
says that this is the woik of jobbers. I think my
friend is not well posted up on tins matter. Job-
bers had nothing to do with the passage of this
law. The law was passed here in 18-15, authorizing
this mode of increasing our navy. My fnend was
here, and had he been opposed to the bill then, as
he is now, we ought to have heard from him in
opposition to it.
Mr. ALLEN. You did hear from me. The
records will show that 1 struck this thing in its
very inception, and denounced it as a violation of
the Constitution m two respects. I will not go into
this matter now. My speech, on that occasion,
is recorded, and if Senators will take the trouble
to examine the record they will see that my voice
was then raised against this scheme.
Mr. NILES. I think my friend alludes to
another act—the act subsequent to that of 1845.
I think the act of 1845 met-with no opposition.
Mr. ALLEN. I referred to the job-act. lop-
posed the job.
Mr. NiLES. When the job came, my friend
opposed it; but when the bill was before the Sen-
ate, it received no opposition fiom any quarter.
There were no jobbers here. The Postmaster
General asked for propositions. He received sev-
eral, and. submitted the contracts to us for our con-
currence.
Mr. ALLEN, (in his seat.) I opposed every one
of them from beginning to end.
Mr. NILES. These contracts have been intro-
duced into appropriation bills, and received the
sanction of both Houses of Congress. They have
been considered as connected with the interests^of
the Governmont in many respects; -especially with
the naval and commercial interests. I will not go
further into this subject now, but I must say that
I shall hold my friend from Ohio responsible for
the establishment of the lines of mail steamers.
He has thought proper to sneer at the small amount
of revenue derived from these steamers. I admit
that it has been very inconsiderable. But I would
ask how much revenue has been derived from the
four public steamers that the gentleman from Ohio
proposed to have built, and which were built? I
think the levenue yielded by them has been rather
meagre too.
In icspect to the aigument of my fiiend, that this
Government is bound to provide post offices and
post roads to carry letters for the people, and that,
inasmuch as we must send the mails over the roads,
we may just as well carry newspapers along as not,
I will say, in the first placc, that I do not know-
that the Government is under any obligation to
maintain the postage system at all unless the pub-
lic interests lequire it. Because a power is con-
ferred, is it necessary to excrcise it? The bank-
rupt power is conferred, but it is seldom necessary
to exercise it. We are not obliged to incur any
expense unless the public inteiest demands it. if,
as the Senator says, we may cairy papers fieeof
charge, we may, on the same grounds, carry letters
aiso free. Indeed, the argument m favor of carry-
ing letters free is stronger than that in favor of the
newspapers; for the letters transported in the mails
constitute only ten per cent, of theij* whole weight
If there is any obligation in the case it must go to
the benefit of the public generally, and if there is
any exercise of power it must be independent of
the citizens benefited by it, or else upon the prin-
ciple that those who coniiibute to defray the ex-
pense attendant upon its exeicise are entitled to
the benefits resulting fiom it; and in either case the
principle applies to letters as well as newspapers.
The gentleman is mistaken altogether in his
conclusions, if he is right in his premises. He
says that wc must keep up these mail lines for
cairying letters, and that, inasmuch as the mails
must be sent over the routes, it wiil cost nothing
to send the papers. This is not true. The news-
papers constitute the great bulk of the mail; and
although the same post offices and post routes
would be kept up, and the same contractors re-
tained, still it is quite piobable that one-half of the
expense would be saved if we should cease to
cairy the newspapers.
Some years ago it was found by actual experi-
ment, our large post offices having weighed all the
matter passing through them for a given time, that
the printed matter amounted to ninety per cent, of
the whole mail. Does it cost nothing to carry
ninety percent, of the whole mail? I wouid like
to have the gentleman from Ohio tell me, if it costs
nothing to carry ninety per cent, of the whole mail
on the printed matter, how much it will cost to
carry ten per cent, of the whole mail on the letters?
The Assistant Postmaster General has told us, m
his late report, that the department sustains a loss
in the carriage of newspapers—that the expense
exceeds the revenue thirty-three and a third per
cent. I think his estimate is low. It is my opin-
ion that we get less than two-thirds of the expense
on newspapers.
My fnend has another argument. He says four
hundred thousand dollars will be'about the amount
lost to the Post Office Department, by allowing
these papeis to circulatc free of charge. I think
that is too high an estimate. It may be two hun-
dred thousand dollars—it may Jje more; for a line
covering a circuit of sixty miles from every news-
paper office would cover the whole United States
several times over. The Senator says that, by
suffering these papers to go free, and giving up
this portion of the revenue, we render a great ser-
vice to the public without injuring or taxing any-
body; and that this advantage is gained by the
community, although it is not lost by the Govern-
ment. If this argument is a good one, it might
be made applicable to the whole post office system,
and we might carry all the newspapers and letters
without any charge whatever, and thus render a
still greater service to the country, although it
