MB
the congressional globe.
Jan. 24,
collectors to enforce the law.at those points. The
Secretary of the Treasury had recommended a
division of the territory into three collection dis-
tricts, but the committee deemed it preferable,
until more perfect information shall be obtained,
to create a single port of entry, with porta of de-
livery at convenient points. The bill was intended
as a temporay measure, to guard the revenue.and
protect the American merchant until a more per-
fect system shall be devised. After-a territorial
government shall have been- established, further
and more complete legislation will be required,
•adapted to the progress and condition of the coun-
try. *
Mr. PETTFF inquired by what means the rev-
enue law will be enforced in case of controversy?
Mr. HUNT replied. The fourth section of the
•bill provides that tJhe district court of Louisiana
and the supreme court of Oregon, shall have juris-
diction of all cases arising under the revenue
Jaw m California, until further provision is made
by law. It may be said this is a difficult and in-
convenient remedy. He admitted it. But it is
necessary that jurisdiction should exist somewhere,
and, until courts are created in California, the
courts of Louisiana and Oregon seem to present
the only alternative. It is a sufficient answer to
all objections on the ground of jnconvemence, that
the present bill is intended as a temporary meas-
ure, to continue till the subject can be regulated by
-final legislation. We propose only to protect our |
public interests for the time being.
It will be observed, that the lastfection provides
that the bill shall take effect on the 10th of March
•next. This section had been added by the unani-
mous direction of the committee. They have
taken it for granted that it will be more satisfac-
tory to the House, if not more agreeable to the
present Executive, to commit the new Territories,
and all questions affecting their regulation, to the
m-coming Administration. It is impossible that
the present Administration shall cariy any tern-
tonal measure into effect during the short remain-
der of its term. Congress may legislate, but it will
be impossible to ap'point officers and introduce a
system of laws into California before the 4th of
March. The whole subject of territorial regula-
tion and policy must pass over to the next Admm-
• istration. Such were the views of the committee,
and it was for the House to exercise its pleasure.
. He hoped the bill might, by general consent, be
taken.up and acted on without delay. Our com-
merce with California has assumed a new and
unexpected degree of importance. The discovery
of mineral treasures has given a new impetus to
trade and emigration, and interests are arising in
that quarter which deserve the favorable care and
attention of the Government.
Mr. H. moved that the bill be engrossed, and
ordered to a third reading.
Mr. PETTIT said he had not risen to discuss
this bill to any extent, but only to suggest that if
the operation of this bill were to be put off until
the 10th March next, there could certainly be no
great necessity for huriying it through the House
without reference or printing.
He moved the reference of the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
that it be printed.
Mr. McCLELLAND suggested to the gentle-
man from New York [MivHcnt] the propriety
of letting this bill lie over on the Speaker's table,
and be printed. It was a bill of great importance,
as the gentleman from New York had remarked;
but it struck him that it contained some objection-
able features. K was a bill of very great import
ance, and a bill connected with other subjects
which re before the House for consideration.
It struck him that the bill ought not to be passed
hastily by the House; and that it would be well
to consider this in connection with all other bills
which have relation to theTerritory of California.
He was not for acting upon one of these bills with-
out reference to the other bills that ought to be
passed in regard to that Territory. He thought
they ought to pass them all attthis session; but to
pass one and not others—and such a bill as this,
without consideration of its merits—he was en-
tirely opposed to it. He therefore suggested to the
gentleman from Ne# York to defer action upon
the bills to let it he over upon the Speaker's table,
and let it be printed, so as to give every gentleman
the opportunity to examine it for himself. Other-
wise, he (Mr. McC.) should vote for the motion
of the .gentleman from Indiana to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. VINTON inquired whether, if the House
were now to resolve its%lf into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, this bill would
not be the first subject up when the committees
should be again called for reports?
The SPEAKER, said, that the bill in that case
would go on the Speaker's table, to be taken up
in the order of bills on their third reading.
Mr. McCLELLAND suggested to Mr. Vinton
to move that the bill be printed.
The SPEAKER said that a motion was pend-
ing that the bill be referred to the Committee ot the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed. The suggestion of the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. McClelland] might be carried
out by a motion that the further consideration ot
the bill be postponed until to-morrow.'
Mr. HUNT said, that if it was desired to ex-
amine the provisions of the bill further, he was
willing that it should be passed over on the ques-
tion of engrossment, and that in the mean time it
should be printed, with, the understanding that it
should be taken up and passed on at an early day.
Mr. PETi'IT objected to any such understand-
ing. ' ...
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, said it appeared to
him that the proposition to pass this bill at this
time was one of the most -extraordinary that had
ever been submitted to the consideration of Con-
gress. Congress had refused to give to the people
of California the protection of a government; it
had refused to give to them the benejit of our laws.
Whilst they had left that people unprotected, un-
provided for, uncared for, a proposition was intro-
duced here'to tax them, in order to bring money
into our treasury, whilst they remained without
the protection of a government. Was such a
proposition ever presented to the American Con-
gress? He had never heard of such a one. He
presumed that no gentleman had ever dreamed of
extending our revenue laws over Oregon, until a
government had been provided for that Territory.
No; these people were left to enjoy the benefits of
free trade, or of such other laws as they chose to
impose, until Congress extended to them the bene-
fits of a territorial government. But now, foisooth,
because some of the merchants, some of the manu-
facturers, some gentlemen from New York or Bos-
ton found that probably they might speculate a
little in California, lffoieign goods were subjected
to a high duty, they came m here, and, m viola-
tion of all principle, of all right, and of all justice,
asked Congress to tax these people, before secu-
ring to them those benefits and that protection
which it was the duty of Congress to extend to
them.
He considered the remark made by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Hunt,] that the present
Administration probably desired that these matters
should go over to the next Administration, as ex-
ceedingly gratuitous, and exceedingly unfounded
in fact. It had been the constant effort of the
present Administration to establish a territorial
government, not only over California, but oyer all
other territories which required tile protection of
this Government. At the last session of'Congress,
a bill for this purpose was introduced and passed
the Senate, and would doubtless have passed this
House, if gentlemen on the other side had been as
eager then to settle the matter as they appeared to
be now.
For his own part, he was willing to extend the
revenue laws over California, just as he was
willing that they should be extended over any
other portion of the country. But he was unwill-
ing to do it until a government had been given to
the people of that Territory. This was a matter
in which not a part only of the people were inter-
ested. All were mteiested in it. Gentlemen,
probably, from the commercial parts of the country
were interested m having a tariff of duties estab-
lished in the ports of' Calilornia. The people from
the western country weie now pouring forth their
tens of thousands of emigrants into that Territory,
and -were interested in having a territorial govern-
ment. He repiesented a poition of the Confeder-
acy from which these people went; and he was
unwilling that they should be taxed for the benefit
of a portion of the citizens of the Union, whilst the
people were left without the protection of those
laws which ought to be passed. He was not
willing to take away any inducements from the
people of the North and East to pass a territorial
bill by giving them, for their own benefit, a meas-
ure such as that now proposed, ana thus, as he
feared would be the case, make them indifferent to
the establishment of a territorial government. He
wished to hold them in their present situation, so
that he might have their votes in favor of a terri-
torial bill. He hoped, therefore, that the motion
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Pettit]
would prevail, and that the bill would be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr- BROWN, of Mississippi, said that he •
hoped the proposition of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hunt] would be adopted. He con-
curred in the opinion which had been expressed,
that territorial governments should be established
over New Mexico and California. He participated
to the fullest extent in the opinion which other
gentlemen entertained on that point. Hefel^the
necessity of legislation of that kind; but thsct man
must be blind to the signs of the times here who
thought that anything of the sort was to be accom-
plished during the remnant of the present session.
He did not think that there were a dozen members
on this floor who calculated that any territorial bill
could be passed which would become a law in re-
lation to either of these territories.
If this could not be done, what was the next
duty of this House? Certainly, in his opinion,
it was to protect the revenue of the Government.
Was Congress to adjourn, and permit the people
from all parts of the world to introduce merchan-
dize into the territories of the United States with-
out paying anything into the'national treasury?
Was Congress to give to foreigners- advantages
over our own citizens iryjur own territories? Was
a cargo from the port of New York, which had-
once paid duties, to go to the ports of California, and
compete at a disadvantage with a cargo from Liver-
pool,or any foreign port, which had not paid duty?
| Was this whatgentlemen called justiceeithertoour
own citizens or to the Government of the United
States ? Let not gentlemen tell us that the Govern-
' ment was in debt, and yet refuse to legislate on a
| subject of this sort, whereby the revenue of the •
j Government might be increased.
The reason which the gentleman from Missouri
! [Mr. Hall] had assigned for his opposition to this
I bill, that he would not destroy some of the mduce-
; ments to pass the territorial bill, might have plau-
1 sibilily, but it had no force in it. Weigh the
advantages fcnd the disadvantages of the argument.
Let this measure of revenue be postponed for two
or three sessions. During that time we were to
receive no revenue. In the mean time, the popu-
lation of the country would be increasing with
great rapidity, thereby increasing the necessity for
importation. How much revenue would thus be
lost to the Government? And what disadvantages
would result to the people of the United-States?
It seemed to him that if the advantages and the
disadvantages of this course were weighed against
each other,gentlemen could not be long in de-
ciding on which side the preponderance would be.
He was in favor of legislating to-day. The bill
might not be perfect: he did not think that it was.
There yet remained only something over thirty
days of the-session. Let the bill go on the calen-
dar, according to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Pettit,] and that would be the
last of it. Refer it to a committee, do anything
with it other than what the gentleman from New-
York [Mr Hunt] suggested, and it would be equiva-
lent to the destruction of the bill.
The remark with which the gentleman from In-
diana prefaced his motion showed that he thought
that Congress should adjourn without legislation.
He (Mr. B.) was not of that opinion. He was in
favor of legislating; he was in favor of giving to
our own citizens an equal chance with the citizens
i; of foreign countries.
Mr. STEPHENS said, for himself, he was not
so anxious, as gentlemen on the other side of the
House might suppose, to have territorial govern-
ments established in California and New Mexico.
, One gentleman had said, that gentlemen on this
i side appeared very anxious for the establishment
i of these territorial governments. Such was not
his feeling. He spoke for himself only. He did
not care if there were no territorial governments
established there this year, next year, or ever. He
did not believe that it ever entered into the brains
of the framers of the Constitution of the United
