1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
gress, I presented my views to this House, upon
the subject of introducing slavery into our Territo-
ries. I have seen do reason to change my position
then taken upon this question.
Since then, the Legislature of Maine has in-
structed the Senators and requested the Repre-
sentatives of the State to vote to exclude slavery
from all Tei ritories now free. Being fullv aware of
the feeling of my district, and the State I have the
honor in part to represent, upon the question of
slavery or freedom in the Territories, jt ismyduty
to represent that feeling in this House; and there
are no considerations which occur to my mind that
will prevent me from doing so. The subject is in-
vested with peculiar interest to the people of the
Itfoi th at this time.
Thousands of the most respectable and intelli-
gent young men of the North are now on their way
to California. They have gallantly gone forth, and
it is our duty to establish a free government to pro-
tect them.
In the remarks 1 am about to moke, I shall waste
no time to prove the )>o\ccr of Congress to prohibit
the extension of slavery. Many members of this
House have made elaborate speeches to prove the
prohibition of slavery in our Territories uncon-
stitutional; but, sir, theie is one decisive answer
to ail these gentlemen. Before the close of the last
session, they all voted, with the oath of God upon
them, to exclude slavery from a large portion of
our Territories. They voted that slavery should
not exist noith of 36° 30'.
They cannot reply to this allegation, that they
voted for what was generally regarded as a com-
promise. They did no such thing; for the line of
36° "30', as a line between slavery and freedom,
was strenuously opposed by almost every member
from the free States, and was looked upon as any-
thing but a " compromise." In addition to this
vote, the present Chief Magistrate of the nation
gave lus solemn sanction to the prohibition of sla-
very, by putting his signature to the Oregon Terri-
torial bill. - After this vote of southern gentlemen,
and the approval of the Oregon -bill by the Presi-
dent, I should regard any attempt to argue that we
had a right to exclude slavery in the Territories
as a work of supererogation.
On the authority of the members representing
• the slave Slates, and of the President, I assert with
gieat confidence, that the right of Congiess to ex-
clude slavery must hereafter temain undisputed,
indeed, the records show that nearly eveiy mem-
bei of both Houses of Congress attempted, during
the last session, to exclude slavery from some por-
tion of our Territories; and from this tact it
would seem to be the unanimous opinion of Con-
gress that such power can be constitutionally ex-
ercised.
As i do not intend to go into the question of
power, under the Constitution, to legislate upon
slavery in the Territories, I purpose to consider
the expediency and justice of doing so. I mean
to show to the satisfaction of all fair-minded men,
that the extension of the ordinance of 1787 over
California and New Mexico, is just to "all sections
of the Union.
The piesent Executive of the nation, in speaking
of those who were engaged in the late war with
Mexico, uses the following language:
  They were men from daveholdm" and non-slavehold-
iii" State.-:,from the Noith and tin* South, tium ihe E.is>t
ami the West. Thev were all companion^-m amis and fei-
lo'.v-citizen-? of tlic bumti 'oimtion country, engaged in the
same common eau<e. When pio<ecuting lh.it war, they
weie bi thien and tiiendp,aml shaied alike w till eai.li other
common toils. rs, and Mitlrrin^s. Now, when ttvir
woik i'3 ended, when pence is restored, and they return
a?a;n lo then homes, put off the habiliment?*of vvai, take
v their place- m *oeiet\,and lesume tlieir pursuits in civil
lite. purely ,i ?pmt of harmom am) <.oiKe-tion,aml otjsqxuJ
rev'ttrJ f>r the rvikh of all and of all semens of the Union,
-ought to prevail."
T am happy, sir, in saying that I fully concur in
"these remarks of our woithy President. I concur
with him that the men who shed their blood in Mex-
ico were from the North os well us from the South;
and I concur with bim that an '' equal regard for
the rights of all, and of all sections of the Union,
ought' to prevail." I am prepared to show that if
equal legard for ibe rights of all sections does pre-
vail, California and New Mexico will be preserved
as an asylum for the free laborers of the nation.
It has, perhaps, never been seriously disputed
. > /-  *--i. l . A. Tnll tht'ro
this fact is so apparent that I do not design to go
into any statistics to prove it. But an error has
very generally prevailed that the free States have
not furnished their share of the men.
Assertions have been constantly made by south-
ern statesmen and presses in favor of extending
slavery, that the South have furnished the largest
number of men by a great deal. Up£m this point
I ask gentlemen to look at this extraordinary lan-
guage, lately made use of by a gentleman in the
United States Senate, [Mr. Yulee.] He says:
" The North may dispute Tor the proprietorship of dirty
acres m Mexico, ils'ie pleases, when the Pomh ha* given
five to one ot &old.ers tor fighting the battles that won the
terri'oriep.
" The fact is known, that the South contributed more than
her quota to the acquisition ot the territory."
These assertions are entirely incorrect. I shall
be able to show, that the free States have contrib-
uted their full share of personal service in the late
war; that the blood and treasure of the free States :
have^owed as freely to secure all the results of the i
war as that of the slave States. "* j
I am aware that the general belief is against this '
statement, but I will demonstrate conclusively that j
that belief is entirely at fault. I
I take the liberty to present some facts obtained
from a report of the Secretary of War, in compli- j
ance with a resolution introduced into the House
by myself on the 20th of December last.
The regular army in the war with Mexico, en-
listed since January 1st, 184b, is as follows:
From Free States. From Slave tiiates.
Maine  G72 JVlaware    148
New Hampshire.#  2fl9 Man land .. .1 2,1.51'
Vermont  3'-)l I)i?tnet of Columbia— 184
Virginia 1,16-2
Noah Carolina  5JS
Georgia    730
Floinla  80
Alabama  71t> ;
MiSbis-Mppi  4r> 1
Louisiana 1.960
Texas*  2*J*2 1
Arkan-a-  25i ,
T> nue^ee 1,002
Kcntu'-kv 1 !
Missouri I.IM
tiouth Caiuhna  JU0
: Massachusetts I.*iy9
Rhode Island  1^3
Connecticut  2JU
New Yoik 8.650
N^vvJeisey  4-iO
P  nnsvivauia 4,-J36
Ohio..' 2 321
Indiana J .478
Illinois 1.405
Iowa  293
Wisconsin  5L7
Michigan  8-21
Total 23.ooy
Total 11.810
The strength of the army in service January 1,
1846, was 7,481. Documents from the War De-
partment show that three-fourths of this number
were from the free States. The whole strength of
the regular army from the free and slave States
was, therefore, as follows: i
Enli-ted since January 1, 1S46. from—
Free States \ 23,569
In service January J, 1645  «- .G10
Total   29^79 ;
Enli^fd since January 1, li?46, from—
Slave >Smte< 
In service January 1, 1843 
Total  13.731
The strength of the volunteer force I have ob- ;
tained from a report made to the Senate, April 8,
1848, by the Secretary of War. Here it is.
Volunteers for tne war fiom free States .... 578 companies. 1
...11,860
against Tahasco* Tuspan, Laguna, and other points in the in-
teuot and on the coast, hut especially by holding a constant
command of the sea, and by us vigilance and activity, ex-
cluding contraband trade and supplies of n.umuons of 'war
from the enemj,the squadrons rendered the nio>t important
sen ices to their common country. The&e services were
rendned in a moat inhospitable climate, and m the lmdaof
suftenng and death, not caused by the enemy in the honor-
able conflict of arms, but by the silent ravages of disease."
A naval commander, who served in the Gulf du-
ring the war, also bears honorable testimony in
relation to the services of the seamen who partici-
pated in the war. In a letter said to have been
written to a member of Congress, he says:
They served on shore at the navyb.itterj which did so
much towards the reduction of Vera Cruz. They landed
and ciiptured Tuxpan. AtTaba-co, they marched mm the
interior, and, while acting a« artiileiv and iniantry, were
frujuenily engaged with the enemy. On the Pac ilie coa^t,
acting a- t-oldiejx, they performed long and fatiguing mart lies
—frequently encountering, and aivta^s defeating, the en-
emy."
* t " Those who served in the Gulf of Mexico suf-
fered hoirihly by di-ea?-e, and endured every diacomfoi t in-
cident !<> a hot and pe>tiiential climate." * * *
" On a;! these occasions-, U\as weie lost, and great suffer-
ing, privation, and t.itigne endured."
To what section of the Union did a great ma-
jority of these men belong, whose services are
thus eloquently spoken of? J ask attention, sir,
to facts, obtained from a report of Secretary Ma-
son, in answer to my resolution, which em braced
a '-all upon him, as well as upon the Secretary of
Wai. -Accoidmg to that report, the naval strength
from the'free and slaveholding sections of the
Union, which took part in the war, was as I shall
now state:
rV'ual officers from the free State*  4R9
?V7 tval olfieeis fiom the slave States 3?J
Maiincs from the Iree State* 1297
Marines from ihe Mavp States  155
The number of seamen who served on the Gulf
and Pacific coasts during the waramounted to 7,000.
Calculating upon data suggested by the Secretary
of the Navy, there were of these—
Fiom the tiee States o,833
Fiom tiie ^lave States 1,1157
Total officers, seami-n, and marines—
From the free Slate 7.619
From the slave States 1,6L'5
This statement must be received with one quali-
fication. There are about one thousand persons
(officers and men) of foreign birth included m the
number from the free States. But I have been
informed that they are generally citizens of the
North. At all events, they aie generally lrom non-
slaveholding countries.
Permit me, sir, to devote one moment to a le-
canituiation. The whole force in the war with
Mexico was as follows:
R«jcuhr armv from the free States.... 29,179
Volunteers trom the free States 2u,9i0
Naval foice fiom the free States?  "',619
Total-.     63.703
Regular army from the slave States 13,731
Volunteers, iitelutims " three and si.v months'
men" from the slave State< 42,510
Naval force lrom the .-lave States   1,615
that the free States have furnished their full share
of money, in proportion to their population, to
earry oa the war with Mexico A* ""
Twelve months' men lrom free States >£I do.
Total   do.
Volunteers for the war from slave States IGfi do.
Twelve months'men fiom slave States Id? do.
Total o.53 do.
In addition to this force, there were 15,540 " three
and six-mouths' men "fiom the slave States. Now,
let us suppose the volunteer companies to aveia^e
ninety men cach: this would giv e, fiom the free
States 26,910 volunteers, and from the slave States
42.51*0 volunteers, including 1*2,540 "three and
six-months' men" in the number from the slave
States.
But, sir, this is not the whole force employed in
the war. The naval service on the Gulf and Pacific
coasts, during the war with JVIexico, has been a
laborious and hazardous one, and I think not suffi-
ciently appreciated. The accomplished and able
Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Mason, in speaking-of
the services of the navy in the late war with Mex-
ico^ uses the following language:
" In the Pacific our squadron, with means nor fUtrd for
inland operation*;, actum independently, and in coopeiatson
with a -mall foice of our gallant anny, efiec ted tne eon
quet-t of Califoima. A
•c In the Cull ot Mexico, from the beginmna: of the war. by
cooperation at the Brazos, vihile the battle of Palo Alto was
racing, by the rapture of Tampico, In p-otfetinsi the trans-
portation and the !<indm«i o( tne troops at V< ra Ci uz, b\ its
r-^-r - , gallant cooperation in the siege, bombardment, and capture
At all events, d of thai city and its defence*, by its suace^fal operations
Total <>7 t33
In this exhibit of the number of men furnished
by each section of the Union for this war with
Mexico, I have included 12,540 "thieeand six
months' m^n,2' none of whom served over three
months. These were all fiom the slaveholding
States, being neatest the seat of war. Deduct these,
whose services were m a ffreat measure nominal,
and the excess of men furnished by the free States
wouid amount to 18,312. A portion of the " three
and six months' men" undoubtedly did some t^ood
serv ice. Their nnmberof killed and died of wounds
amounted to 117;
I mean no disparagement of" these troops; I
only intend to say that their brief term of service
rendered it impossible for them to perform a great
de<il towards the results of the war.
Mr. MORSE interrupted, and (Mr. Smart hav-
ing yielded for explanation) said he wished to
state", that but for the action of General Taylor,
the probability was that there would have been no
three months'men at all. General Taylor called
uoon the Governor of Louisiana for men for six
months, thinking that this would be sufficient;
and in the course of six weeks, one-fourth of the
fighting population of Louisiana were in Mexico,
making 6,000 men, for six months5 men. When
they got there, and had served three months, these
men, who were only prepared for six months1
men, were told that they must go home or enhst
for a year,
