352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 24.
Mr. SMART. In answer to the gentleman let
me say, that there were about one thousand men !
in Maine who came forward as volunteers, and
held themselves ready as a regiment to march to
the seat of war at a moment's warning; and this
was for a service of a similar character; and you
find that this was a fact all over the Union.
Mr. FLOURNOY interposed, and desired to"
ask the gentleman from Maine whether, in his
estimate of fighting men furnished by the North
and by the South, he had taken into consideration
the comparative population of the two sections of
the country?
Mr. SMART. I am coming to that.
I am not attempting any invidious comparison.
, My object is to showthatthe free States havedone
their whole duty in the late war. If, in addition to
the facts I have presented, the terms of service of
those from the free and slaveholding States are
taken into the account, I think alj will come to the
conclusion that the North is not to be reproached
that they have not furnished their quota of men,
in proportion to their population, for a war that
was commenced to defend the territory of Texas,
and to complete its annexation. This is my answer
to the gentleman from Virginia. The South fur-
nished more twelve months' men, and more three
months' men; but-the North furnished more regu-
lars, more volunteers for the war, and more seamen
and marines.
It may be true, that soldiers from the free States
had less opportunity to distinguish themselves in
battle. But in many of the most noted battles I
see that the volunteers, from all sections, suffered
in neatly equal proportions.  .
The volunteers killed and wounded in several
battles were as follows:
From thefree States. From the slave States.
Bueini Vista 309 332.
VeraCjuz  16  11
Cerro Goido  97  79
Coittieias & Oliurulmsco.]02 137
CliapuKepec 173 100
Total 697   649
But I have no disposition to enter into these de-
tails. 1 have only entered into them in defence of
the North, and for the purposes of my argument.
I dislike any sectional view of the services of our
brave men in battle. They h§.ve all nobly de-
fended the honor and interests of their country;
but in self-defence I must say, that the free States
have furnished their full share of men and^money
for all the purposes of the war; and I think the
statement I have presented must forever silence the
reproaches that they have not done so. By this
joint effort of our arms we have secured to the use
of the nation 923,078 square miles of land, em-
braced in the Territory of Texas, New Mexico,
and California. I regard the Territories of Texas,
New Mexico, and California, as one acquisition—
and all equally the results of the war. Texas
consented to be annexed to the United States in
1845 by "joint resolutions," in consideration that
our Government would defend her from an impend-
ing and menacing foe.
Immediately after the act of annexation, the
frontier of Texas was infested with murderous
bands of gyerrilleros.
The families and firesides oftheTexans were in
constant danger of outrage-aiyl violation by herds
of hostile Mexicans. Texas, therefore, when an-
nexed in 1845 was of no value, because of its in-
security. It was immediately invaded, and nothing
was left to us but to abandon Texas, or to obtain
for it security by waging war with Mexico. We
took the latter alternative. We had annexed Texas
by paper resolutions; but annexation, in fact, was
not accomplished in 1845. It became necessary to
do that " with force of arms."
We did it, and acquired in addition two prov-
inces—California and New Mexico. These three
tracts of country stand substantially on the same
ground. We took the deed of Texas, of the Tex-
an Government before fighting for it, and the deed
of the additional Mexican territory, of the Mex-
ican Government .after fighting for it; but our
army fought for the whole. It is true that the
Texan authorities made a very respectable deed of
the territory of Texas to our Government, but they
did not covenant with us to warrant and defend.
On the contrary, we undertook to obtain, at the
expense of a war, a quit-claim from. Mexico.
These acquisitions, I repeat, stand upon the same
ground, with this difference:''we commenced the
fight in defence of Texas, and to secure it to our
use. Now, if the positions I have taken are cor-
rect, and I think they cannot be overthrown, are
not the citizens of the free States entitled to their
share of this territory, unincumbered by an in-
stitution that would exclude them? This question
admits of a plain answer. In the language of the
President, " equal regard for the rights of all and
all sections ought to prevail."
All must agree, as free laborers will not settle
upon slave, territory, that the free States, having
contributed their share of men and money towards
the acquisition of Texas, New Mexico, and Cali-
fornia, are entitled to their share of this acquisi-
tion , as free territory, according to their population.
How then, Mr. Chairman, does the account now
stand? Texas embraces a superficies of 397,000
square miles, assuming the boundary fixed by the
laws of Texas. California and New Mexico
amount to 526,078 square miles. The aggregate
of these several tracts is, as I have already stated,
923,078 square miles. Now, the population of
the free States amounts to about 12,193,000, and
that of the slave States to 8,553,000. Provided
the soil of Texas, New Mexico, and California is
of equal value, and that the whole people of the
South are interested in slavery, a division accord-
ing to population would require that 554,513 square
miles should be free, and that 380,565 square miles
should be slave territory. Give Texas the line
she has assumed, and extend slavery no further,
and the slaveholding population will have much
more than their proportion of the whole territory.
You give foy purposes of entire freedom 526,078
square miles, and leave for slavery within the
limits of Texas 397,000 square miles.
But suppose you do not establish the line Texas
has assumed, (and I do not intend to express any
opinion as to that line in this discussion,) with any
line Congress is likely to adopt—if you consider
the poor characterof much of the soil in California
and New Mexico when compared wiih Texas—m
my judgment, the South will retain fully their
share of our late acquisitions should they relin-
quish the attempt to propagate slavery west of
Texas. I think, therefore, our southern friends
should be satisfied with a settlement of the bound-
ary of Texas as a settlement of the line of slavery.
Some have estimated the area of Texas less
than the government of Texas estimates it. But
suppose it is so: it must be remembered that 1
have assumed that the eight millions of people in
the South are all interested in slavery, while it is
a fact that not over three hundred thousand have
any pecuniary interest in slaves. Besides, sir, the
non-slaveholders of the South have the benefit of all
free territory, and constantly emigrate from choice
to such territory in great numbers. In connection
with this fact, 1 am justified in saying that a great
majority of those who fought for this territory
prefer it should be free.
In corroboration of this statement, I ask atten-
tion to the location of land warrants by the soldiers
who served in the Mexican war, agreeably to a
report of the War Department.
FREE STATES.
w Warrants for Total No.
160 acres. 40 acres, of acres.
Ohio  201 8 32,430
Indiana  t08 06 130,330
Illinois 0,980 284 408,160
Michigan  87 - 13.930
Wisconsin. 3,534 597 589,310
Iowa 1,602 32 257,600
9,212 917 1,511,800
947
Total ill free States 10,159
SLAVEHOLDING STATES.
Missouri 937
Alabama  40
Mississippi 62
Louisiana 258
Arkansas 286
Florida 
30
78
5
151
9
1,581
169
150,960
9,590
10,120
47,000
46,120
263,720
1,511,800
Total in slave States 1,750 ....  
Total acres located' 1,775,520
Here is the whole number of warrants taken,
up to the time of the commencement of the pres-
ent session of Congress. Here" are nearly 12,000 1
soldiers who have practically declared for free soil, 1
six to one! Only about 1,700 soldiers have taken I
land in slave States. More than 1,700 of these j
12,000 men must have belonged to the South. |
Thousands of southern men must have taken
lands in free States.
Upon a careful examination of the facts I have
stated, I believe all will agree, that upon the prirr-
ciple of an equitable division between the free and
the slave States, slavery should be excluded from
California and New Mexico.
But what division do southern gentlemen pro-
pose? Why, they offer the line of 36° 30' as an
ultimatum. And how would the account siand
with this line? They would retain, for slave-
holding purposes,Texas, embracing 397,000 square
miles, and California and New Mexico south of
36° 30', amounting to 262,000 square miles, the
aggregate of which is 659,000 square miles 1 And
they propose to give, for all the non-slaveholders
of this great Union, only 264,000 square miles!
The North and the South, as joint partners since
1845, have been engaged in the business.of annex-
ing territory; and when the question of partition
comes up, the South say we will take 659,000
square miles of the territory we have acquired,
and you must not take more than 262,000 square
miles! The North answer with a demand for an
equitable division according to the population of
each section of the Union of all the territory acquired
since 1845. But southern gentlemen tell us that the
demand degrades them. It would seem that, unless
they can have six hundred thousand to our two hun-
dred thousand square miles of this territory, they
are degraded, and a dissolution of the Union will be
the consequence. I cannot say what the North,
as a section of country, may do; but I can say
that individuals of the North are not generally in
the habit of going into partnerships which yield
such dividends. But, sir, southern gentlemen can-
not be serious. It must be on their part a sportive
attempt to test the credulity of northern men.
But there are strong reasons for prohibiting sla-
veiy in California and New Mexico, besides those
founded upon an equitable division of the Territo-
ries we haveacquired. The settlement of the ques-
tion of extending slavery in these Territories ttiay
involve the future peace of the whole nation. The
discreet portion of all parties in this country prefer
to see a cultivation of. the arts of peace, and no
necessity for attention to the arte," war. Peace
hath her victories that are much more noble than
those of war. Shall we not, then, avoid all cause,
immediate or remote, of future war, when we can
do so without dishonor? But I fear there are some
who think it justifiable to run the hazard of war,
when the further propagation of slavery will be the
result. Such men, I doubt not, are intensely anx-
ious upon the subject of propagating slavery in our
newly acquired Territories. If, sir, you extend
slavery to the Pacific, the inducement to undertake
enterprises against Mexico is constantly held out
to them. These men, though few in number,
might involve our country in war. A small por-
tion of the people might possess the power to do
so under some circumstances. It is the duty, then,
of all lovers of peace, to labor to remove such in-
ducements, by excluding slavery from our late
acquisitions. If slavery be excluded from these
Territories, while slavery propagandists might be
wilttng to provoke a war to add to the Union more
slave territory, they would understand that Enter-
prises against our Mexican neighbors would only
end in additional free territory, and consequestly
such enterprises would not be undertaken. I^ay,
then, to moderate men of all parties, both North
and South, if you are opposed to wars for con-
quest, pronounce, by a Congressional act, that
there shall be no further propogation of slavery.
Let me be understood, Mr. Chairman. I am not
opposed to further acquisitions of territory; but I
am opposed to wars for conquest, and am opposed
" to the acquisition of free territory to be cursed
with a condition of slavery.
There are those who appear to think that there
are no reasons for the prohibition of slavery in our \
territories, except those growing out of abolition
feeling. This is a very great error. The exten-
sion of slavery is wrong in itself, but independent
of any idea of abolition, there are conclusive rea-
sons against the propagation of slavery in Califor-
nia and New Mexico. There is one reason that
addresses itself to every non-slaveholder in the
country: The prohibition of slavery is a question
of pure interest to the non-slaveholders of theNorth
and South. The Territories of California and
New Mexico, if preserved free, will furnish a place
of refuge for the industrious and enterprising Poor
