1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
New York, which was producing the injurious
results arising from a sudden withdrawal of the
precious metals. It was a natural and legitimate
consequence of this act which Mr. Walker, in his
report, praises so highly. The act is constantly-
evaded or violated. If it was enforced in its strict-
ness, the country would not endure the scheme.
This act of Mr. Walker, however, is of quite too
prominent and serious a character to be overlooked
or ^passed by without the severest reprehension.
There are, sir, many other parts of this report
of the Secretary of the Treasury which are, I
think, unsound in principle and erroneous in state-
ment. I spent, however, during the last session,
so many hours in exposing the errors in the fig-
ures of the Secretary, that I cannot now pursue
that branch of the subject; nor am I inclined, by
enlarging on other subjects which press on my
attention contained in this report, to draw off the
attention of the House from the subjects to which
J have adverted, some of which are, I think, of
the utmost importance.
Before, however, taking my seat, I must for a
moment ask the attention of the House to that part
of his report in which he recommends an additional
appropriation of public land in support of schools—
a subject which I think is not particulaily appro-
priate for a report on the finances.
He states that, in pursuance of his recommend-
ation, Congress, at the last session, granted two
sections of land in each township in the Territory
of Oregon. It is not very important whether this
laudable act was done on the suggestion of the
Secretary, or some other person.
But as I happened myself to have introduced,
by way of amendment into the Oregon Territorial
bill, this very provision, during the twenty-ninth
Congress, which was adopted by the House, and
was embraced in the bill which was lost in the
Senate, I was greatly amused when I saw that the
learned Secretary, in the midst of the self-glori-
fication which abounds in his report, should have
appropriated this piece of property, which was
peculiarly my own.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa, obtained the ffoor,
and yielded to
Mr. POLLOCK, upon whose motion the com-
mittee rose and reported.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked leave to present
certain resolutions of the Legislature of Illinois.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, objected.
Mr. ROBINSON made a report from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills; after which,
On motion, the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. TALLMADGE: Memorials from New York,
Uuca, and Albany, for a Jaw prohibiting the introduction of
intoxicating liquors on boaid of vessels in the United States
navy except for medical purposes, and also to abolish cor-
poral punishment in the military and naval service.
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of Charles K. True and
34 others, ol Charlestown, Massachusetts, piaymg for a
reduction of the rates of postage, free delivery of letters and
newspapers, and the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. CRANSTON: The petition of George W. Hatha-
way and 71 others, of the town of Warren, Rhode Island,
forauniform late of two cents postage on letters, &e.
By Mr. BUTLER: The petition of citizens of Luzerne
county, Pennsylvania, asking Congress to make such altera-
tions in our revenue laws a& will give fair protection to
American industry. Also, petitions of lwo citizens of Lu-
zerne county, Pennsylvania, asking for an immediate modi-
fication of the UrilT.
By Mr. WENTWORTH- The petition of merchants
of Chicago for aliahf-shipand for buoys in the Niagara river.
By Mr. NELSON: The memorial of Abraham Brown,
Eloert 0?born, and others, citizens of Westchester county,
New York, praying for a uniform and reduced rate of
postage, &c.
Bv Mr. KAUFMAN: The petition of William Lockridge,
D. H. Eden*, and others, praying for the establishment of a
mail route fiom Leona, via Navano and Magnolia, to Pal-
estine.
By Mr. FARRELLY. The petition of Levi Jenning, and
many other citizens ofMercer county, Pennsylvania, for an
immediate restoration of the act of 184*2.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of J. Harrington and others, of
St. Johnsbuiy and vicinity, Vermont, tor cheap postage. j
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition ol J. L. YVatkins and \
fifty-one otheis, citizens of Portsmouth, m the State of Ohio, j
praying for a nnform rate of postage, and for cheap postage.
By Mr. SMART: The petition of Eli Ayle and others, of
Palermo, Maine, for reduction of postaae. Also, lemon-
fctrance of fifty-two fishermen against division ot the Wal-
doboro* collection district, as petitioned for at East Thom-
aston, Maine. Also, remonstrances of ninety-eight persons
of Waidohoro' and sixty persons of Bristol, against division
of said Waldoboro' district.
By Mi. BLACKMAR: Tim petition of Henry Fatsinger
and many other citizens of Waterloo, New York, asking a
reduction and uniform rate of postage, and tlie abolition of
the franking privilege.
By Mr. CLARK, of Maine: The petition of Nathaniel
Groton, and 312 otheis, citizens of Bath, Maine, in favor of
cheap postage.
By Mi. ROSE: The petition of Augustus T. Hopkins, R.
P. Gillett, and 94 other citizens of Victor, Ontario county,
New York, praying for the freedom of the public lands.
By Mr. EMBREE: The petition of Nel&on G. Nettleton
and 400 other riti/ens of Po*ey county, Indiana, praying a
grant of bounty lands for the soldiers of the Indian wars
and the late war with Great Britain. Also, the petition of
James Loclshart and otheis, citiKens of Vandetburg county,
Indiana, for the reduction of postage.
By Mr. PILSBCJRY: The petition of citizens of Corpus
Chrisu arid neighborhood, in the State of Texas, praying
that a Jaw may be passed allowing drawback on dutiable
goods exported into the mtenoi of Mexico.
  By Mr. SIBLEY: The memorial of half and quarter
; breeds of the Sioux Indian?, praying that certain moneys
■ paid under the treaty ot 1837 be refunded. Ateo, a lmnno-
i rial of the sufferers by acts ot the military of Fort Sneliing,
: on lands south of the reserve.
I By Mr. McCLELLAND: Petitions of registers and re-
; ceiversof land otiices in Michigan, for compensation for
services lelative to military land wan ants.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 25, 1349.
The "VICE PRESIDENT presented a resolu-
tion ot the Legislature of Iowa, in favor of an
appropriation to complete the Harbor of Dubuque,
in that State;
Also, a resolution in favor of a grant of land for
a railroad from Dubuque to Keokuk;
Which resolutions were referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the pro-
ceedings at a public meeting at Point Isabel, in the
State of Texas, relative to the establishment of a
port of entry at Point Isabel; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial of the Cor-
poration of the City of Washington, asking an
appropriation for the completion of the City Hall,
and the cleansing out of the city canal; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. TURNEY presented additional documents
in relation to a claim of William Carter, for a horse
lost in the military service of the United States;
| which was referred to the Committee on Claims,
j Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of two
| hundred citizens of Arkansas, praying for the con-
j struction of a railroad from Memphis, on the Mis-
| sissippi river, to the Pacific Ocean; which was
! referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
| Mr. BORLAND presented a memorial from the
I; Legislature of Arkansas, in favor of a law allowing
compensation for horses lost in ti^ war with
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented a pe-
tition from Daniel Doiand, a discharged soldier of
Colonel Stephenson's regiment, asking for pay
and bounty land; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOWNS presented a memorial of A G.
Blanchard, and others, officers and soldiers, who
served in the war with Mexico, asking for extra pay.
Mr. DOWNS. The grounds on which the peti-
tioners ask the action of Congress are very fully
and ably stated. I shall not recapitulate them, but
will revert to only one of the grounds. They
allege that bounty land warrants were allowed for
every new engagement, either as a volunteer or
regular soldier or officer; that this right was an-
nounced by a circular from the Adjutant General.
The law, they allege, (and so the fact is, 1 think,)
allowing three months' extra pay, is m the like
general terms, and therefore a double allowance
ought to be made for them m like manner. This
pay, too, was allowed as some indemnity for patri-
otic services rendered in the service of the country.
It was allowed for those who made it once; why
should it not, then, be allowed to those who did it
twice, especially when all know that reenhsted
soldiers or volunteers are better than new ones?
The new men, if engaged in their places, would
have been entitled to it, and why should not they?
I therefore recommend the petition to the most
favorable consideration of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
While up, sir, I desire to make a personal ex-
planation with reference to errata in my remarks,
which are to be found in the report of the brief
speech I made the other day on the reference of
the bill organizing California into a. State, as pub-
lished in the " Union," one of the papers that
prints our proceedings officially. The statement
of the few remarks I then made is so erroneous
that I deem it an imperative duty to rise in my
place and correct it.
After giving a paragraph correctly, stating that
I was indifferent as to which committee the bill
should be referred, the report goes on to state a
palpable contradiction, and what was altogether
different from what I did say. It says: " I think,
however, it should be referred to the Judiciary
Committee." Sir, I used no such language. I
expressed my entire indifference as to which com-
mittee the bill should be referred; and that, if I
concurred in anything, it was in the suggestion of
the Senator from Illinois, that it should go to a
select committee.
There is another error, still greater and more
glaring and absurd. It occurs in the last clause of
the speech. It is:
" The amendment offered by the Senator from Illinois as
a substitute bill, which differs very materially from the one
which I reported here."
My principal object in rising on that occasion
was to state, and 1 did state, directly the opposite
of what I am here reported to have said. What I
did remark was, that I acquiesced in the substitute
proposed by the Senator from Illinois, because of;
its being almost precisely the same in character vrs
the plan thatl had suggested in my minority re-
port. I have spoken of this matter, sir, because it
is one of so much importance, and because i am
|j made to say on this important subject exactly the
|j contrary to that which 1 really did say.
j While upon this subject, 1 wish to remark that
| I have advocated in my place heretofore the publi-
cation of our debates m the principal papers of this
I city; and I do hope that while the system is con-
I tinued, the editors of the papers which report and
j publish our proceedings, will faithfully and cor-
| rectly fulfill the duty which they owe 1o the Senate,
i to themselves, and to the country, by engaging
! and employing accurate and competent reporters
i to furnish the discussions here eutered into in ac-
' cordance with the contract mad^ with the Senate
at the last session. It is a duty they owe alike-to
; all. These papers have a largf, circulation. They
I were selected to perform this £iuty because of that
circulation, and l,and manyotherofthe members,
: have contributed to that circulation forthe purpose
! of sending abroad speedik/ and correctly a trans-
j cript of everything said a«d done here. I consider
1 it a part of the contract, made with these papers
, that they employ faitbfu.) and correct reporters,
i I do not wish to draw any invidious distinction
: between the accuracy of the reports in the two pa-
! pers; nevertheless, t feel it my duty to say that
! on comparing the reports of the few remarks I
j make in the two papers—and upon any subject my
j remarks are always brief, and it is not often that I
i speak at all—I found that the mistakes in one were
1 much more glaring and of greater consequence and
more frequent than in the other. I would not
draw any distinction here, were it not that the
paper, whose reports of my speeches have been
most erroneous, (the Union,) circulates more cx-
; tensively among my constituents and friends than
I does the other, the National Intelligencer. 1 re-
| gret to say, sir, that its reports of my speeches,
! at any rate, have not been as correct or faithful as
! those me.de by the other paper. I do hope, sir,
| that pcoper measures will be taken by these edi-
] tors fo secure competent reporters. 1 do not
| know the reporters of the paper I have alluded to
i as inisrepiesenting my statements, nor who they
are. 1 have no personal allusion, therefore, in
what I say to them; what I wish is, that its edi-
tors will obtain more accurate and competent
I reporters. I would here bear testimony to the
, correctness and fidelity, in the main, of the reports
: published in the other paper, so far as I have
! observed them. 1 would add, sir, in reference to
, the report of which I now complain, that some
portion of it is given in very baa English. The
words " substitute bill" are used, and in a very
ungrammatical form, as any one will perceive on
examination. I do trust that the reporters who
. made this draught of my speech, if they cannot
1 write good English, and if they will not bring their
i reports to me for revision, will take the trouble to
! obtain slips of my remarks in future from the
: other paper. I know we cannot expect that every
: word said in debate shall be published with per-
fect accuracy; but, by the terms of the contract,
j and the general understanding of Senators at the
