358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
time it was made, we do expect ordinary accuracy
and fidelity in the reports; we do expect that the
language we utter will not be grossly and entirely
perverted. I do hope that this thing will be cor-
rected, and that the contract made in relation to
this matter will be fully and satisfactorily carried
out, as Congress has to disburse large sums of
money in the fulfillment of their portion of it.
The petition presented by Mr. Downs whs then
referred to the Committee oh Military Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a preamble and joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Indiana, in lavor
of a valuation of the public lands in the Great
Miami reserve.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, presented a
petition from William Caton, of Anne Arundel
county, Maryland, for remuneration for services
rendered during the late war with Great Britain;
■which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. JONES presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, instructing their Senators in
reference to a post route; which was refeired to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, instructing their Senators to
obtain an appropriation to complete the Great
Harbor of Dubuque; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of Iowa, m favor of a grant of 10,000
acres of land to aid the State in making a levee on
Muscatine Island, to prevent the inundation of the
same; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr, DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition
from John Medlam, a soldier in the late war with
Great Britain, asking a grant of land; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, House bill
granting to the State of Mississippi the right of
way and a donation of public lands, for the pur-
pose of locating and constructing a railroad from
Brandon to the eastern border of said State, ill the
direction of Montgomery, Alabama.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill in addition to an act entitled
"An act in relation to military land warrants,"
approved 14th August, 1848, reported back the
same with an amendment pioviding that no as-
signee shall locate such warrant on any legal sub-
division less than a quarter section.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill to amend the act approved
June 17, 1844, entitled ''An act to provide for the
adjustment of (and claims within the States of Mis-
souri, Arkansas, and Louisiana," in those pans of
tile States of i\i i.-;=issippi ami Alabama south of the
tvventy-fir^t degree or' noith latitude, and between
the ]Viississi[)|ii and the Peidido r'vei.s, and asked
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and that it berefened to the
Committee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK, from itie Committee on Public
Lands, repoited a bill for the relief of Marvin W.
Fisher; whichwas read a fiist time.
CHARLES WILSON. ,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported, without amendment,
House bill for the relief of Charles Wilson, and,
in pursuance of instructions from the committee,
moved that the Senate now proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, the peculiar
circumstances which characterize the case just
presented by my friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, are of such a descuption as
to appeal strongly, I think, to the justice and mag- ,
namrnity of the Senate; and I desire to move an
amendment to tna bill by striking out the word
"ten,"and inserting the word "twenty" before
the word "dollais."
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I would sug-
gest to the Senator from North Carolina tins only
objection to his amendment—for winch, nevetthe-
less, I shall most cheerfully vote—that I think
there is a probability that, if we add his amend-
ment to the bill, there will be some difficulty in
getiing it through the other I-Iouse this session.
Mr. BADGER, (in his seat.) Then we will
recede.
Mr. BORLAND. This is a case of great merit,
and should be acted upon speedily. I hope, there-
fore, that nothing wilt be done to embarrass the
bill in the other House.
Mr. ATCHISON was understood to say that
he would remark, by way of explanation, that he
believed eight dollars per month was the highest
amount of pension ever given under the general law.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, 1 would like to
hear some good reason for giving this individual
twenty dollars per month, as the amendment of the
Senator from Noith Carolina proposes. It is true,
as suggested by the Senator from Missouri, that
eight dollars per month is the highest amount ever
allowed to a pensioner under the general law. The
chairman of the Committee on Pensions is very
liberal in his allowances, and generally reports as
large ail amount to be given to the applicant as the
circumstances of the case will allow us to bestow.
If theie be any good reason for giving this individ-
ual twenty dollais per month 1 would like to hear it.
The question on Mr. Badger's amendment was
put, when—
Mr. KING called for the reading of the report;
but, at the request of several Senators, the reading
was dispensed with.
Mr. ALLEN suggested that the sum proposed
by the amendment should be changed from twenty
dollars to fifteen dollars.
Mr. KING remarked that he would vote for fif-
teen dollars.
Mr. BADGER said that he did not desire to
press his amendment if there was any objection to
it; in fact, he would withdraw it altogether.
Mr. FOOTF. moved that the bill be amended by
changing the word "ten," befoie the word "dol-
lars," to " sixteen."
This amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then repoited to the Senate, and by
unanimous consent, was read a third time and
PJ6&cd- S.VL5Y DAUBY.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of '
SaisyDaiby.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, asked to have
the bill read, and it was read accordingly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. Mr. President,
this pension is allowed under the act passed last
year gianting pensions to the widows of levoiu-
tionary olTicers and soldiers who were niairicd
prior to the year 1800. This old. lady was mai-
ned in 1704, and, according to that law, is entitled
to a pension. The Pension Cilice requires all
such marriages to be proved by ibe record; or, in
other wntds, they require written testimony re- I
corded at the time the marriage took place, and ■
fully authenticated and attested. Such pi oof the j
party has not been able to furnish; but a respect- \
able witness has testified to the marriage. This
witness, who was p.vsent when she was married,
is well known by gentlemen from Georgia who are
membeis of the other House, and lie is said to be
a peiscm that can be depended upon implicitly.
The honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. John-
son,] who is not now in his seat, pariiculaily le-
quested that, when I reported this bill, I should
move to have it passed immediately, inasmuch as
this is a very meritorious case, and one which de-
mands instant attention. This old lady is now
one hundred and oneor one hundred and two years
of age, and in 2;reat need, and this sum of eight
dollars per month will be of gieat assistance to her.
Under these circumstances, I hardly think any
person can object to the instant passage of the bill.
Mr. BERRIEN. In the absence of my col-
league, I beg to express the desire he has that this !
bill should receive the favorable consideration of
the Senate. The person who is the object of en-
actment is, as has been stated by the Senator
from Louisiana, extiemely old, being now one
hundred and two years of a^e. The marriage
took place, I understand, in 1794. The facts a?e
attested to by witnesses in whom the committee \<
have entire confidence, although written testimony
cannot be obtained. Under these circumstances,
1 trust the bill will receive the favorable and im-
mediate considei ation of the Senate.
The bill was then reported to the Senate and or-
dered to be read a third time, it was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition of
Chatles Coleman; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, made a report on the memorial of the
Governor and members of the Legislature of the
State of Florida, asking that Toney Proctor, a free
colored man, may be compensated for services as
Seminole interpreter; which was ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Committee on
Private Land Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of John Rob-
ertson.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
George Maitin; which was read a first time.
Mr. METCALFE, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, made an adverse reporton the petition
of Hugh W. Dobbin.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. BRIGHT asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill to reduce the puce of the public
lands lyinjj; within the Miami reservation, in the
State of Indiana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
RESOLUTIONS.
The following: resolution, submitted by Mr,
Hamlin on the 23d instant, was taken up for con-
sideration :
Revoked, That the Sergeant-at-arms of the Senate be-,
and he heirby i«, directed to place the name of Han-
son on tlie roll ot messengers, and pay bun the bame as
received by oilier metsenuers.
The resolution having been read—
Air. FOOTE moved to amend the same by in-
seriin<> the name of Joseph Hediick.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TURNEY. I should like to have some
explanation as to the necessity for the appointment
of messengers by name, under a special resolution
for that purpose. I believe that the Senate has
rescinded some appointments that have been made
m that way, and now it is proposed to appoint two
others.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not know precisely what
may be the situation of the messenger whose name
is proposed to be inserted by the Senator from
Mississippi, but I understand that he is placed
upon the same footing: with the one whose name is
contained in the original resolution. I believe I am
justified in saying that this resolution proposes no
increase of the number of messengers. Under
the present practice these persons are requited to
present their accounts monthly, while all others
present theirs at the end of the session. I do not
know any £ood reason why there should be a dif-
fcrcncc. The resolution proposes to place these
two precisely upon the same footing as the other
messengers.
Mr. WESTCOTT. The soie object is to place
ihe subordinate officers on the same footing, and
to make the settlement of their accounts more con-
venient. The two officers named were now ap-
pointed by the Chair, and had to get, monthly,
the approval of their accounts. Being asked to
offer the resolution, I intended to name the propo-
sition to the Chair before the resolution was
offered; but I learn the Chair approves of it.
Mr. YULEE. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr
Houston, on the 23d, was taken up for considera-
tion:
Rewired, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
and leqmied to pi ("cure for the use ot the Senate copies
of the 'rm;> of th<> State of Texas, compiled and published
by J. D. Cordova.
At the suggestion of Mr. BRIGHT, the resolu-
tion was then passed by.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Dodge, of Iowa, on the 23d instant, was consid-
ered and agreed to:
Retired, That the Committee on the Post Office and t'ct
Roads ho m-tutoicd to inquire ir.io the expedn-nc) ofeetab-
h«hing a po_-t roule from Belleviow via Anchcn, Canton,
Kdinhnn; and Auamosa, to Independence, the cotintv teat of
Buchanan county. That the same committee al.«o inquire
into the expediency of establishing a mail toutefrom Bloorn-
mgfnn via Tipton, Rome, Anamosa, Delhi, and Gurneviilo,
to 1'iaiue da Chien.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Johns ok-, of Louisiana, on the 23d instant, was
considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of passing an act allowing to
ail oificeis, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
