1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
vates in the army of the TTmf>d State*, who are disabled, or
who may hereafter become disabled, by the los>? of a hmb or
limbs, an eve or eye?, while in the line of their duty in the
public service, a pension, at a rate to be fixed according to
their disability.
OFFICIAL REPORTS.
t Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee <hi Printin? inquire into
the expediency of discontinuing the contiact made at the
last Fee-sion lor publishing the reports of the debates and
pi oceedings of Congress.
VENTILATIOK.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso-
ution, which lies over under the rule:
Re-solved, That until otherwise ordered, the Secretary of
the Senate pay to .fohn Skirving, for his services in venti-
lating the Senate Chamber during it? sessions, an allowance
not exceeding tiie pav of a messenger, together with one
dollar a day for an assistant.
The resolution having been read-
Mr. BRIGHT said he would prefer that the
resolution should lie over.
Mr. WALKER. I will remark that the apparatus
for ventilating the Capitol is nowready. An appro-
priation has been made for the expense of construct-
ing, bat no appropriation has been provided for put-
ting it in operation. The committee are desirous
that there should be an explicit understanding re-
garding the matter. If there is no necessity for ven-
tilation, there need be no appropriation made. I
hope the Senator from Indiana will permit the res-
olution to be acted on at once.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would be glad to accommo-
date the gentleman by withdrawing my objection,
but my reason for making it is that we may look
into the subject, for it is thought by many that it
will be entirely useless.
NATURALIST TO A NAVAL EXPEDITION.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the mo-
tion made by the Senator from Iowa for the re-
consideration of the vote of the Senate upon the
passage of the bill for the relief of Captain John
Percival.
Mr. ALLEN. I have a few remarks to make
in relation to this bill; but first 1 will send to the
Chair certain documents which I have received
from Mr. Dayton, the Fourth Auditor, in relation
to this subject, that will explain more briefly and
precisely than I can the facts in the case.
The Secretary read the communication, as fol-
lows:
Treasury Department,
Fourth Auditor'-* Office, Jan. 2j, 1819.
Sir: As I observe, by the repoit of the proceedings ot the
Senate on Fuday la-t, that you have moved a reconsidera-
tion ot the c <i*e of Captain John Percival, and a* I din led to
believe, from the publication of the debate which occuiied
previously to the parage of the bill for his lelief, that the
grounds upon which tni< ouicer acted in tiie inattei are not
correctly undetstood, I beg leave to submit to you a bnef
fetatenn utoi the eireuin>tances and of the views undei which
the charge in question was made against Captain Percival,
and to ask that you will be pleased to make, tliem known to
the Senate. There can he no donbt, I presume, mat it is 1
the duty of an accounting officer of the Government, in the
settlement of an account ot a disbursing agent, to disallow !
any payment which lias b«en made without authouty of
Jaw. if he could knowingly admit such a charge, under any j
circumstance*, he would be unwoithy of bis trust. Upon
the settlement of the account ot Thomas M. Ta} lor, a* pur-
ser of the United States fngate Constitution, it appeared that '
he had charged the Government witn the sum$<344 08, paid
to John Chandler tor his services a* naturalist and astrou- j
onier from tiie 29th of Maich to the olst of August, 1844,
and with the further sum ot ;$la78 83, paid to J"! C. Rein- i
hart for his services a* natmahst troni the 1st of Sep- 1
tember, 1844, to the 4th of Au ust, 1846, the former being
c  edited at the i ate of $1,30!) p..t annum, and the latter at
the rate ot .^750. As it was not known to tins of ike that any
law had been passed authorizing the appointment of an as-
tionoiuer or a mum ahst to the Constitution during her crui-c
utukM the command of Captain Peicival, the pur&ei was
called upon foi ins authority to make tiie pawnent just
mentioned. He referred to no law, but, liistead'thereof, be
produced an otder of Captain i'eietv.d, and, in support of
that oidei. a letter fiom Commodore YVai rington, as Secre-
tary ot tne N tvy ad intenm, dated on tiie J 3th ofMa'Ch, 1844,
marked " private but official," addre-M-d to Captain Pcrcnal,
m which he acknowledged tiie receipt of a lerter fiom him,
uskmz authority to take on board of the Constitution a natu-
tahst^to be allowed the pay ot a chaplain, and proceeded to
Mate that tha e u as sot,v duffnlty in the matter, as the law
limited the number ot o.hceis to be employed ; but -aid, that
at the siinjestion ot the President ot the United States, lie 1
(Captain Perenal; might take \ir. Chandk-i on board of
the Constitution, and, vviien be should ut-'t to sea. dn ect him
to perioim such duties us might b.-deemed propel for the
good of the set vice, lor which he rni^ht allow him the same
pay as the law allowed to a cnaplatu. The question, then,
was, whether the Secretary ot the Navy, at the suggestion
of the Piesident, could lawfully send out in a public vessel
any number of cni/.ens not belonging to the ua\y, (tor the
number docs not artect the piniciplc.) and give to the com-
mander of the ship a carte b'oncke to make of them, after he
should have gotten out ot slight of the ahoies of tl.e United
States, \\ hatever he might ihmk piuper—astronjmcrs, bota- •
nists, naturalists, historiographers, or anything else—provi-
ded only that he should consider it conducive to the good of
the service, and direct that they should he paid out of the
appiopriafion- made by Congress foi the compensation of
otficors of the nsivv. Such an ideaeould not be enteitaincd
torn moment, and it was consequently neees-ary that the
payments made to Me^rs. Chandler and Reinhardt should
be disallowed. It will be observed, that although, accord-
ins: to the letter of the Secretary of ihe Navy ad interim, the
pay of Mr. Chandler was to be measured by that of a chap-
lain, he wa? not necessarily to be appointed, nor was he in
fact appoint'd, to that office, nor, so far as appears, did be
perform anv of the duties incident to =uch a situation. He
was entered on the roils as a naturalist and astronomer,
and Mr. Reinhaidt who succeeded him, and who was ap-
pointed without even the semblance of authority, (for the
letter of the Secretai v of the TVavv <id interim wa  confined
to Mr. Chandles,) appear on the roll.? as a natmahst
merely, and did not so much a' leoeive the pay of .i chap-
lain, but a diffeierit rate of compensation rixed^hy Captain
Percival. As it was clear that sums thus paid could riot be
a'lowed as lawful disbursements, the only question that
remained for tins office to determine wa*, to whom the
amount should be charged, wliefln r to tho purser who paid
if, or to his comma tiding officer who had oidf red it to be paid.
!l will be icmai ked tii.it the prn rneius were not made Uy order
of the President or of the Secretary of the Navy, although
tliat in the case of Chandler was made by their permission,
wanted at the request of Captain Pcrcival. It v\as tie, and
he alone, wlio e*uv the Older, and tiie pnr>ei must obev it or
sub]ect himself to be placed under air"sf for the whole
ciuisp, and thru to be tned hy a court-martial for disobedi-
ence of the order* ot his commandei. in the determination
of the question upon whom the ie<pon?.ibility should fall,
whether upon the operator oi the m^trtiim n't. the regula-
tion^ of the Navy IVp'irtment affoided material assistance.
One of tho«e regulations, of long standing, and contained m
a pubhshed volume,is inthe following \void> : *' Wncie the
' dtshuisinc oiucei doubts the propsiety of a claim, h<- mu-'t
I < state thr (injections to tho commandei in wiitine, when, if
1 'ho n directed fo pay if, the amount will be passed to his
: credit, and the commander under whose orders the pay-
' rnent was made will be responsible for the amount, if ai<-
1 allowed." If appears that in this case, Purser Ta\ lor did
doubt the propiietv of the claims of these natuiahsts. and
that he stated his objections in writing to Captain Peicival,
ami that Captain Peicival leiterated hi* order to pay them,
ilo wa« bound to know tiie regulation, and it must be pre-
sumed tint he did know it, and he save his oi ders subject to
the condition whHi it imposed. The amount thus paid b/
his absolute and r( pcatcd direction was accordingly char-red
to him ; and whateverdoubt< I may have had of the legality,
us respects the United SCittrs, of a mle which tian^fers the
liability of an officer who ha-* slven security to one who has
not. I never bad the least misgiving as to the justice of it-
application when used, as m this case, to fix the conse-
quences of an unlawful act upon the original and principal
actor.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, vour obedi-
ent seivant, A. O." DAYTON.
To the Hon. William Allen. U. S. Senate.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, I have, I believe,
■ the oiiginal order which Captain Percival gave to
j the purser. 1 will read a word or two from it.
.} [Mr. A. read the extract alluded to, which was
;j dated" At sea, off Sandy Honk, " and stated that,
i! with permission from the Executive of the United
States, Mr. John Chandler went in the ship as
naturalist and astronomer, and to perform such
other duties as might be deemed proper for the
good of the service, and directing the purser to
rate him on his books accordingly, and to give
him the pay which the law allows to a chaplain,
for which this oider was authoiity and justifica-
tion.]
The purser objected to that, and to giving him
the pay of chaplain, and the purser stated his ob-
jection in writing; and then there was a reiteration
of Captain Percival's order in writing, which
brings it under the 4th section, chapter 33, of the
Rules of the Navy Department:
Sec. 4. When tne disbutsinir ofheer doubts the mopnety
of a claim, he must state thy objections to the commandei
in writing; when, if lie is directed to pay it, the amount
will be passed to hiscredit. and the commandei under whose
orders the payment was made will be responsible foi the
1 amount, if dis.dnmt d.
! That is one of the regulations of the Navy De-
partment of long standing, and it is the law for
i the officers of the ship, in the abscnce of any stat-
| utory regulation to reach the case. Now, it will
| be observed that Captain Peicival, m his written
1 order to the purser to place this gentleman upon
| the pay roll as naturalist and astronomer, not as
| chaplain, says that he does ic under an authoiity
j fiom, and by permission of, the President of the
; United States. Now, the Senate has but a single
! question to decide, and that is an important one.
I The Senate must determine whether the. officers of
j the navy can be increased in number and their sal-
; anes to any amount paid by the Piesident of the
i United States, or by the Secietary of the Navy, or
j by the commander of a ship, without the mter-
i vention of Congress by the passage of a law.
! That is the only question we have to decide. The
. documents in this case show nothing to justify the
i aigumeuts that were urged the other day m support
! of this bill. What were those arguments ? Why,
that this man had been appointed, and that the
captain of the vessel would commit mutiny in
disobeying the orders of the Executive if he was
not admitted on board the ship and put or) the pay
roll; and, sir, the dangers of naval insubordina-
tion were pleaded here as justification of Captain
Percival; when the fact shows that he applied to
the Executive, and that the President told him he
had no authority to make the appointment, but if
the Secretary of the Navy chose to act without law,
he (the President) did not care.
Well, sir, lie applied to the Secretary of the
Navy, and the Secretary of the Navy states, that
upon the suggestion of the President, though there
was no law for it, yet, on the suggestion of the
President, the law might be evaded by putting the
man on board the ship, putting the ship to sea,
and, after she had got afloat, consider her as ari
outiav/, and let the captain make such laws as that
locality of the ocean might require. That is the
case, sir. And here, then, we find not an office
filled which had been created by law, but an office
made without law, and unknown to law—yes,
two of them, sir. This gentleman—Mr. Chandler
—wanted to go to Rio, and probably when he ap-
plied he had no idea of having any greater favor
than a pafsage free on board of a national vessel.
The facts justify that conclusion. Well, sir, he
got that boon; and, having got from the cap-
tain permission doubtless to go as a mere pas-
senger fiee, the next matter was to pay him for
going; and in order to pay him, and to smuggle
him into the ship in the character of an officer, and
in order to sugar over this thing and make it lie
palatable on the tongue of the nation, he was called
by the name of chaplain. Chaplain! That was
ihe name. Chaplain, sir! But when they got to
sea; when they got within that jurisdiction which
it seems the Navy Department and the President
consider as lying beyond our jurisdiction; when
they got on the domain of Neptune, then it was
they had no more occasion to use this popular
term of u chaplain;" and this gentleman thought
pioper to take a scientific rather than a religious
character. Then it was, sir, that he became natu-
ralist and astronomer.
Now, a ship beating about on the troubled waves
cannot be a very convenient place for taking celes-
tial observations. The great difficulty in such a case,
1 believe, has been to employ machinery so fixed,
that they can grasp the object and make the obser-
vation with piecision; but heie is a naturalist on.
board a rolling, tossing mass of wood at sea, to
observe the celestial movements. Bat it does not
seem that he was employed m that or any other vo-
cation. He never uttered a prayer for the dying
seamen; and as for his performances as a natural-
ist, I take it that the bosom of the ocean was a
barren place. But the gentleman got his passage
free, and then he thought that it would be quite as
well to be paid for going. He thought this when
he got to Rio; arnj then this captain, without per-
mission from the President or the Secretary of the
Navy, with the earth's diameter between him and
home, exercises the authority to appoint a new
man as astronomer and naturalist.
Well, now, sir, is it not perfectly obvious that
this precedent will justify the filling up of the
navy with men who are not officeis by law, and
naval officers who do not choose to go can be left
at home as supernumeraries, their duties being
performed by a new group appointed without law
by the Secretary of'the Navy or the captain of a
ship? Sir, I believe the Constitution says that
all officeis of the United States shall be appointed
by the President, with certain exceptions, where
Congress shall provide particularly by legislation
for their appointment by the heads of departments
or the judges of courts. That is the provision
of the Constitution. But here is a new appointing
power started up, and started up in that branchy of
the public service which is least under the domin-
ion of law, because most remote from the inspec-
tion of law. The captain takes any man on board,
and orders the purser to pay him; and yet gen-
tlemen say, that if anybody ought to lose the
amount, it is the purser. I have shown ycu that
the purser did all that lie uid do according to law.
The argument is m favor of the purser, and there
was no mutiny at all, either on the part of the
purser or of Captain Peicival, who says he had
permission to take a man on board; bat it was
permission from a man who had no authority to
give it, and he knew it. Captain Percival knew it,
