1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ernment in reference to the Pacific trade. The
island of Borneo alone, of all the islands conveni-
ent in those seas, contained large deposites of coal,
suitable for the purposes of steam navigation. It
was known, I believe, that the British Government
were at that time striving to secure for themselves
that prize. The object of the expedition under the
command of Captain Percival was to obtain to the
United States the great advantages which would
arise from the purchase and entire control of these
coal mines. This gentleman, who was authorized
to be taken in this ship, was in fact a geologist, and
it was intended that he should peiform the duties
of a geologist, in the examination of these mines
for the purpose of ascertaining their value and ex-
tent. It happened, however, when the ship arrived
there, that the British had been more nimble than
our Government, and had secured the benefit of
these mines to themsel ves some two or three weeks
in advance. The objects of the expedition, there-
fore, failed to that extent. That, I understand,
was the object of Mr. Henshaw in determining
upon this expedition, and the authority which
Commodore Warrington gave to Captain Percival
to take this individual on board his ship was in ac-
cordance with the public policy by which the ex-
pedition was set on foot. Now, sir, this being the
case, a point of public policy only being in view
in the employment of this gentleman, and Captain
Percival being no further responsible than as com-
manding officer of the vessel, and being desirous
of facilitating and promoting the object for which
the expedition was undertaken, it seems to me to
be very hard that we should impose upon him the
whole loss and burden of a departure, perhaps,
from the strict authority of the law, when it was
from the Secietary of the Navy that the authority
by which this officer was employed emanated.
I think, as has been stated by my friend and
associate on the Naval Committee, [Mr. Miller,]
that the money should not be taken from the pocket
of Captain Percival, but that he should be relieved
from the burden so unjustly imposed upon him.
If it be the purpose of the Senator from Ohio, by
some example, to prevent any further latitude in
the employment of officers, let him move that the
officer who gave the authority to employ this nat-
uralist should be obliged to refund the amount that
has been paid to him. I think that equity would
better consist with a strict obligation of the Ex-
ecutive officers to observe the law, by imposing
this loss upon the officer from whom the authority
emanated, than by imposing it upon the officer
who was acting under his command. I shall,
therefore, vote for this bill.
Mr. NILES. The Senator from Florida assumes
that Captain Percival had an order from the head
of the Navy Department ta take this man on board.
There is no such provision here. It was merely a
permission, granted upon the request of Captain
Percival. Now, if the transaction was different,
as my friend seems to suppose, and if this scheme,
whatever it was, was originated by the head of
the Navy Department, it should have been so pre-
sented on the face'of the transaction, and Captain
Percival should never have taken such responsi-
bility, but thrown it, where it properly belonged,
on the head of the Navy Department.
A high officer of Government may take a re-
sponsibility above the law, but of course he as-
sumes it at his own risk, and must submit the
eourse he has taken to the judgment of the Presi-
dent or to Congress, to whom he is accountable.
All matters of this kind should be referred to
Congress. If Congress should be satisfied that an
officer considered himself justified, under the ex-
igencies and from a regard to public interest, in
adopting such a course of policy, why, Congress
would as in duty bound justify him; this, sir, has
been done in many cases. It was done by the
Postmaster General under a law of 1845, making
allowances to postmasters. He submitted the
course he had taken to Congress, action was had
upon it, and he received no censure for the course
he had adopted. Captain Percival does not claim
that he had any order. When he gave his order
to the'purser, he says it was in pursuance of a
commission from the Secretary of the Navy and
President of the United States to take this man on
board. But there should have been something
more than this to justify the course of Captain
Percival; he should not have moved in this matter
without a positive order. We could then have
called upon the Secretary of the Navy to give a
satisfactory explanation, and if he could not give
such an explanation, he should have been im-
peached, for our laws are not to be violated in this
Or any other manner.
But, from the facts which appear in this case, no
such order was given to Captain Percival to take
this man on board. This appointment of Captain
Percival, without any law justifying it, without
any authority save a supposed assent from higher
officers in authority, was palpably a violation of
the law. An appointment of a man was made in
the first place by this captain without law, and
then, upon that man resigning his office, another
one was substituted, so that there were two ap-
pointments made without any law to justify them
by this captain, and made according to his own
sense of propriety. I think, sir, the question be-
fore us is, Will we sustain our own accounting
officer in the decision which he has made? He
has given a decision in accordance with the spirit
and letter of the law, and Captain Percival now
calls upon us to reverse the decision. If we allow
the claim of the captain, we overrule a decision of
the Auditor. It was stated the other day that the
purser was in part responsible for the execution of
this order, or that the money was charged upon
the captain instead of the purser. That was a
new point in the case, but settled satisfactorily by
the report of the Auditor. There was a standing
rule in the Navy Department, as was observed by
the Senator from Ohio, which was to be the guide
of the officer where no statute intervened; so that
when the captain gave this order he gave it upon
his own responsibility, and this money therefore
was charged to him. In violation of the laws of
the country, we are called upon to reverse the de-
cision of our accounting officer, and to justify a
transaction having no law whatever in support of
it. The establishment of this measure would bo
to create a precedent for all similar cases hereafter
brought before us. I understand that there is a
maxim in the navy that laws were not made for
post captains, and this is a practical application of
that maxim.
Well, sir, I wish to reverse the maxim. I con-
tend that the laws made for this Government
should not only apply to subordinate officers, but
also to post captains. In transactions of this kind,
there should be something more to govern post
captains in the course they take than the laws
which they make themselves. The captain's per-
mission here spoken of meant nothing more than
to give the man his passage, as supposed by the
Senator from Ohio. Of course, this man was sup-
plied from the stores of the ship, which was going
beyond the law; but that is a small matter. But
to put him on the list of officers, and pay him a
salary, in violation of all law, is so great a stretch
of authority, that I hope the Senate will, with
great unanimity, express their decided disappro-
bation of such conduct.
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator who
has just taken his seat does not seem to have been
willing to consider this case upon its intrinsic
merits, but would seem to have been influenced,
judging from the tone of his remarks, though I
am sure, in point of fact, not intentionally, by cer-
tain prejudices in his arguments against the allow-
ance. He tells us it is a saying in the navy that
laws are not made for post captains. Well, sir,
if there be any such maxim in the navy, I for one
do not recollect ever to have heard of such a sen-
timent having been expressed. Sir, I believe the
question presented for the consideration of the
Senate now is a very simple one. It is one that
does not concern the stability of the Constitution,
nor the maintenance of the laws existing under it.
This case comes under the consideration of the
Senate, because there is no law which provides
for it, or by which it can be adjudged.
I wish to say, in the beginning, that there is
nothing to disapprove of in the conduct of any of
the public officers, from the highest to the lowest,
who are concerned in this transaction. I think
the President and the Secretary of the Navy acted
from high and proper consideration, in permitting
this officer to be attached to this expedition. The
case was that of an expedition which was to be
gone for some three years, and to undertake the
circumnavigation of the globe. It was deemed
important to the interests and honor of the country,
and from a just regard for the advancement and
diffusion of knowledge—which is allowed to be a
just and appropriate motive of action in a great
people like ourselves—that this opportunity should
not be lost of aiding, by our instrumentality, the
increase of scientific knowledge; and, when the
expedition sailed, upon the suggestion of the com-
manding officer, it was resolved that a person
should be taken on board who, from his scientific
knowledge, would be able to decide upon and in-
vestigate matters which were thought highly im-
portant in promoting the object of the expedition.
I think the course adopted by the Secretary and
President was highly honorable and just. The only
oversight was on the part of the President, in not
sending in, at the next ensuing session of Congress,
a special message, calling the attention of Congress
to what he had done, and asking the requisite ap-
propriation. It is true, there was no law autho-
rizing the appointment of such an officer; but the
expedition was about to sail, and the opportunity
would have been lost of extending scientific re-
searches, under the favor of our Government, if
the captain had not applied to the authorities to
which he was responsible, for permission to seleet
an individual of the requisite scientific abilities to
accompany the expedition. Upon its return, the
Auditor refused to allow the payment to the purser
of the salary of this officer, until he had made it
manifest that he made the payment of the salary
upon a reiterated order of the captain. Then he
allowed the bill,and charged itto the account ofthe
captain. Now, the object of this bill is not to over-
rule the decision of the accounting officer, as has
been contended. What might be very proper f'or the
Auditor to do in carrying out the laws which he is
bound to execute, as far as he has the power, may
be very proper for the Senate to undo, upon a just
consideration of the case.
But there is one thing charged to the captain of
manifest injustice, to which I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate. The regulation of the Navy
Department directs that disbursements made by
the purser will be allowed if his objections are
stated to the captain; and if, after these objections
are made the order is renewed, the captain will be
responsible if disallowed. But in the construction
given at the Auditor's office of this rule of the
Navy Department, it is subject to this qualifica-
tion: that if the case is a doubtful one, and the
captain renews the order, the purser who pays it
may allow the payment to the individual to whom
he is directed to pay it, and the captain be held re-
sponsible. When, therefore, this amount paid is
charged against the captain, it is upon the decision
made in the Auditor's office that this was a doubt-
ful case; otherwise it is clear, from the established
practice of the office, that this sum would have
been charged to the purser and disallowed. If this
be, according to the opinion of the accounting of-
ficer, a case of doubtful exercise of authority, and
the allowance of the money to the purser upon the
ground that it was doubtful, and charging it to the
captain because of that fact, the question arises
whether the Senate will permit this money to be
paid by Captain Percival or not. The Senator
from Ohio states that the allowance of this money
to this officer would be creating a precedent for
post captains to take their friends on board their
ships upon long voyages, and all at the public ex-
pense. Sir, 1 think he made use of an extravagant
figure, and one that was not justified by anything
in the case. It is not warranted by anything that
has appeared in the past operations of the Gov-
ernment, and it is an unjust allegation upon the
highly meritorious course of officers belonging to
the navy.
This is the case of an officer taken on board of a
United States ship with the approbation of the
President and Secretary of the Navy. He was
taken on board for purposes that were regarded as
legitimate to the objects of the expedition. What
was the result? I iearn from my honorable friend
from New Jersey, when this expedition returned,
that this naturalist gave in charge of our Govern-
ment eleven large boxes of specimens in natural
history, which were received and disposed of by
the Government. And now the question arises,
shall we make Captain Percival pay the salary of
this individual, who collected these useful speci-
mens in natural history for the benefit of this Gov-
ernment? It seems to me a precisely similar case
to that in which the servant of any gentleman on
this floor is directed by him to go to Buist's and
order a bouquet to be sent to his residence. The
bouquet comes and is taken possession of by the
gentleman who orders it, or some member of his
