862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
family, and when called upon by the unfortunate
florist, the gentleman informs him that the pur-
chase was made without his authority, and call*
upon the servant to pay for it out of his wages.
In that case, if the gentleman refused payment for
the bouquet, it is clear to every one that it would
be a violation of personal honor; and if such would
be our judgment upon such a case, surely the pro-
posed adverse decision to the case before us of so
similar a character would not be very creditable to
the Government. In this case we would, by re-
fusing; to pay the money allowed to this gentleman,
repudiate the whole transaction, while at the same
time we have received and are enjoying the benefits
of the specimens acquired by him m his connec-
tion with the expedition as a naturalist.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. There seems
to be some little confusion jn relation to the au-
thoiity which Captain Percival had in carrying
out this gentleman with the expedition, i would
ask the'attention of the Senate to the view taken
by the Senator from Connecticut, m which he
seems to think this was only a permission which
was given to the captain. It is very clear, sir, to
me that it was an order. I will read here a letter
fioni Captain Percival to Commodore Warrington,
acting Secretary of the Navy:
Washington, March 7,1814.
Sir: In a conversation with the Pretadenlthis morning,!
took (he tibertv of representing to him the great importance
of ha in* «i naturalist on such a cruise a* the United States
frigate Constitution is about to make. Atier a moment's
consideration, the President lephed that he had no objection
it Commodore Warimgton had none, and authorized me to
sav that you might make such an appointment if \ou think
propei.
I have the honor to be, verv re&pectfulh', sir, youi oln-di-
tnt sei \ ai.t, j PERCIVAL, Gu^tam (J. S. N.
Com. Lewis Warrington,
Secretny y of the Xai y n~l interim.
This is the letteraddressed to Commodore War-
rington, who had authority from the Pi evident to
make such an appointment if he thought ptoper.
Ilete is the letter of Commodore Wuirmgton in
icply:
Navy Department, Match 15, 1811.
[Pnvate but otncial ]
sai I have reetived jour Jetier o! the 7th instant, asking
uulhxiitv to take on boirdthe C.>ust)t<itijn, during your in-
tended eiuise, a naturalist, to be allowed the pay ol chaplain.
I smd that tin re is som • duheuity in thi-> matter, a  the law
linnta the number ol otfkets to be employed, but, at the
suii'^.'stion of the. Pre>id< nt of the United states, you may
Uki' Mr. Chandler on lioard the Constitution, aul when you
get to ?ea, direct him to p<riortu such duties a* ma\ be
deemed pioper for the good of the sei vice, lor which lit, may
receive the same pay as the law allows to a chaplain.
I am, very respect!uily. \oui>,
L. WARRINGTON,
Secrctanj of the Naty ud interim.
Captain Pkrcival,
Cjmmuiidnig U. S. Frigate Constitution, Norfolk.
Here was an older stating that the captain might
receive this man on board and pay him the same
amount of salary paid to a chaplain. Now, sir,
it seems to me there can be no misappicherisiou as
to the purport and intention of this paper. It gave
the authority of the department—and not only the
authority hut its direct sanction—to the taking of
this person along with the expedition, and speci-
fying the amount he was to be paid out of the
public fund for the services that weie to be ren-
dered. Though this letter is not couched in the
peremptory language generally ascribed in an or-
der, yet in spirit and intent it is the same thing.
This is a direction to the captain to engage the offi-
cer, a direction given in consequence of a suggestive
communication to that effect from the Executive of
the United States. I think the matter is entirely
free from all difficulty. The Senator from Florida
is fully justified in characterizing the order as a
peremptory one.
Now, one word in regard to the paper which
has been communicated from the Fourth Auditor
in justification of the course of that officer, and
which was read here this morning. I do not know
how that communication came into this Chamber.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 brought it here.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I take it for
granted it was a reply made in answer to a request
of the honorable Senator from Ohio. I do not in-
tend to complain of it at all; but what, I ask, are
the general contents of the paper? What can that
public officer have to offer for the consideration of
the Senate under the circumstances ot the case?
Why, he decided this question against Captain
Percival, and therefore this paper imbodies a de-
fence of that decision. And now, Mr. President,
I desire that the Senate shall direct us attention to
the exact point upon which he places this decision.
What does he state, sir? If I heard the specifica-
tions of the communication, and understood^ them
correctly, this officer places himself in the follow-
ing position as a justification ot his conduct, viz:
that inasmuch as the putser, after making objec-
tions, iiad been directed by the captain to pay this
gentleman, therefore he was not responsible. He
justifies the purser in the course he pursues, and
fastens backwards the consequences upon the cap-
tain. And upon what ground does he justify the
purser? "Why, upon the ground that the purser
was bound to obey the orders of the captain—
they were peremptory. Now, sir, pursue that doc-
trine a step further, and see how it applies.
I ask you, sir, and I ask the members of this
body, if the purser was bound to obey the ordeis
of the captain, whether the captain was not bound
in like manner to obey the orders of the Secretary
of the Navy; and whether the reasons in support
of the one proposition are not equally as sound and
appropriate m their application iu the other? Here
was an ordei, emanating fiom the proper author-
ity, to take tins man to sea, and dnecting the
amount of salary he should receive. The order is
unqualified and positive in its terms. Well, then,
sir, if the order of the captain justifies the purser
in the step taken by him, I apprehend that it is
equally clear that the order of the Secretary of the
Navy would have justified the Fourth Auditor m
allowing the claim, if he had seen fit to consider it
any justification. On the very ground assumed by
him, if you are to visit the consequences of what
is admitted and proved to be a legal order given by
the captain to thepursei upon the captain, you ate
bound to visit these consequences back upon the
head of the department who gave the order, and
to whom the consequences properly belong.
One word more. This individual went out with
the expedition, and peifonned his duty satisfac-
torily to everybody. He made a large collection
of seeds and natuial curiosities, and gave some
eleven boxes of those articles into the charge and
possession of this Government, I have no doubt
that a large portion ot the seeds collected by htin
were distributed through the medium of this Sen-
ate. You have the property, or a portion of it,
now in youi possession; and now you propose,
upon a doubtful question, to visit what some gen-
tlemen seem to esteem a violation of law upon
this post captain of the navy, and take the amount
m dispute out of his pocket. Sir, 1 am not dis-
posed to do this. 1 am not disposed to pursue a
course of reasoning which leads to results of this
description, if there be fault anywhere, it is not
in Captain Peicival. If he had pursued this course
at his own option, without permission of the de-
partment, then tnere would be some piopriety in
taking the course proposed; but heie the captain
pursues this couise under high authouty. He
thought it expedient to take the course which he
did, and made it known to the depaitment. The
head of the Navy Department took it into consid-
eiation, and, after consulting with the Chief Ma-
gistrate of the Union, determined to adopt it. I
cannot see the justness or the fairness in the appli-
cation of any rule by which this captain shall be
compelled to pay out of his pocket the amount of
this claim, when he was directed by the authori-
ties to which he was responsible to pursue the
course by which it became due.
Ivli. METCALFE, (m his seat.) Is there any
positive law affecting this case ?
Mr. ALLEN. Ne\V features——
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Will the Sen-
ator from Ohio allow me to reply to the queryjust
propounded?
Mr. ALLEN. Of course.
Mr. DAViS. The question is asked, is there
any positive law upon this subject? 1 answerthat
there is none; if there were, the case would not
be before us for consideration. The exact ground
taken by the Fourth Auditor is, that Captain Per-
civai was chiefly instrumental in taking out the
naturalist, which was an appointment made with-
out authority of law, and that, in his judgment, was
a sufficient reason for making him responsible, and
deducting the amount paid by the purser from the
pay of the captain. 1 have shown that the Auditor
justifies the purser for making the payment because
he acted under orders. Percival acted also under
orders, having been directed to allow the amount
paid to a chaplain. The course of reasoning, theie-
fore, of the Auditor, if followed out, a3 it must be,
exonerates Captain P. from all responsibility, and
| lodges the objections made in the Navy Dcpart-
j menu
: But fears have been expressed that the passage of
I this act will be a pernicious precedent, as it will be
, an invitation to violate law hereafter. The history
} of this case will prove that the precedent will offer
• very little stimulus to act from such a motive,
j Captain Percival has been deprived of the use of
1 his money for several years, and has been sub-
' jected to the expense and inconvenience of prose-
| cuting his claim here. This is sufficient to deter
; any individual from following an example which
■ will lead to the detention of his pay. I think there
| is no danger from this source, even if Captain Per-
j aval had violated the law; but he has done no such
j; thing. If it has been done at all, his superiors are
I answerable for it.
I; Mr. ALLEN. As new features have been in-
troduced into this case, it becomes necessary for
me to make some further remarks in addition to
i' those I have already submitted upon the question.
When, sir, there appeared to be no eaithly pros-
•I pect of the allowance of this case whatever; when
j| the infraction of the law was perfectly palpable to
jt every one, then it was that the great State secret
:j was introduced for the appointment of this officer,
il I do not doubt that the statement made by the Sen-
.1 ator from Florida is believed by him to be true,
i and by him truly stated; but I think I can show,
from the facts in this case, that the peculiar secret
of this cruise was not divulged until after the cruise
was over. Now, sir, how stands the case? The
Government stands still—does not know us own
secrets. A naval captain conceives a paiticular
idea, plans a ciuise to carry it out, and then comes
and gets the Government to adopt his secret. He
then makes the President and Secretary of the
Navy acquainted with this secret—a secret of so
much importance as to justify the Administration
in predicating a naval expedition upon it. I was
not aware, sir, that State secrets commenced with
post captains. So far from that, sir, I thought
that State secrets were confined within very nar-
row circles. We are m the habit sometimes of al-
luding to English practices and customs for prece-
dents. I will give you one,sii: It was the custom of
the great Chatham, when he conceived a great secret
connected with the planning of a naval expedition,
to send sealed orders to his admirals—orders not
to be opened until they had arrived in a particular
latitude. And that, sir, is the custom of all Eu-
rope. Rut it was the custom of the great Chatham
to take greater security than that against the di-
vulgement of State secrets. He would write the
order, lay a blank paperover what he had written,
and make the chief of the Board of Admirals siscn
it, without knowing anything of the contents; and
that, too, though the chief was a member of the
cabinet. But we, in this country, it seems, know
!' nothing about the secrets of State policy in regard to
naval affairs until a naval captain originates them,
, decides the particular question which it is the busi-
ly ness of the Government to decide, and then goes and
obtains permission of the Government to execute
| such State secrets—and that thing answers itself.
The fact is, this gentleman, Captain Percival, is
the first mover in this business, and the first object
which presents itself to our view is not a State
; secret, but a man, and that man is a friend of Cap-
tain Percival, whom the captain desires to take on
I board of his ship.
!l Mr. YULEE. This person to whom the gen-
II tieman from Ohio alludes was taken on board of
;j the ship of Captain Percival in pursuance of an
'I oider given to that effect. It was considered ne-
I1 eessary that he should proceed with the expedi-
|; tion, in order that its object might be moie fully
carried out.
: Mr. ALLEN. I appeal to the reason of the
■ Senate m reference to this course of argument,
!' whether the Government would plan an expedition
I across the globe to obtain a particular object and
i certain scientific knowledge, without having pro-
II vided itself with scientific men necessary to the
I attainment of those objects? But, sir, the Gov-
!( eminent is not the moving agent here. It is the
! captain. Why, sir, you might just as well sup-
|| pose that when the Government proposed to send
i1 Captani Wilkes around the world, they would
■ have ordered him to proceed upon that expedition
|. without having taken care to place on board men
; possessed of the scientific knowledge which was
]j necessary to reap the advantages of such an expe-
tl dition. The thing is preposterous, utterly absurd.
