366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25,
security, until opportunity would be allowed his
creditors to file their bills and bring in their claims.
I think that justice requires that, if the amend-
ment prevails, the blank should be filled by a lib-
eral sum. I wish to have the question taken first
on the amendment; and if the Senate shall reject
it, there will be no necessity for filling the blank at
all; but if, on the contrary, the Senate adopts the
amendment, as I hope they will, the question will
then arise, what sum will you allow Mr. Myerie
as an indemnification for the expenses he has in-
curred in his attendance upon this case? I would
say five thousand dollars, which I think would
be a very liberal allowance, anu I wish to be lib-
eral.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I do not under-
stand the honorable Semitoi fiom Kentucky as
objecting to this bill because it is without ments.
On the contrary, i understand that he admits that
the bill has merits—that the rhum is just, and
onght to be paid. The gentleman is in doubt,
however, as to whom the claim should be paid.
The amendment that is now before us seeks to
give (he money that we may appropriate a direc-
tion that will give thud parties the power to control
it. The contract of the Government of theJJmted
States in this case was with Myerie alone. lie is
the only peison known in the contract. Theie is
no privity of contract whatever between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and these third par-
ties that the gentleman has named. They are un-
known. "Now, if Myerie beentitled to this money
at all, under the contract, the object of this amend-
ment is to create in this Senate a chancery court,
if you please. By virtue of his amendment, the
gentleman seeks to make it appear that these third
parties that associated themselves with Myeilcfor
the purpose of enabling him to execute the con-
tract ate entitled to the money. How are we to
decide that question ? Is theit. any precedent that
the gentleman can eitc? Is thcic any similar case
wheie, ever befoie,the Senate of the United States
have been called upon to exercise chancery powers?
I apprehend nut. It would lead to a wilderness
of tumbles, a labyrinth through which Senators, 1
think, would be unwilling to pass.
if these paities have rights growing out of their
contract with Myeile, the courts of the country are
open to them. There is their remedy, and not
here. It does not appear thus far that they have
made any attempt to establish their claim either in
a court of law or equity. If they came heie with
their record showing that after a full and fair ex-
amination Myerie was their debtor, and that his
indebtedness grew out of the contiact, it would be
a stronger case; but, even (hen, I should deny the :
u^ht o( (lie Senate to mqune mto the legal contiact |
existing between these paities. The contract was j
made with Myeile. We either owe him, or we :
do not owe him. If we do owe him, we outfit to i
pay him independent of any subsequent ai range- !
ments he may have made with thud parties. Shall ;
it be said that the Senate of the United States have !
granted an injunction m a case of this kind ? For
that would be the effect of the gentleman's amend- !
ment. It is nothing more nor Jess than to enjoin i
the payment of the money we owe to Mr. Mycrle, '
until lie and these gentleman can pass through a
long lawsuit. Now, I apprehend that no piece-
dent can be found. There would be no equity nor
justice in a course of that kind. >
I have looked at this case, but I know nothing !
of the facts except as they are disclosed from the |
papeis, arid 1 think it is one of tlie lew cases that |
1 have found on your files that has merit, i dunk, >
from the fare of the pupeis, it is apparent that the j
United States is the debtor of this person iri the j
amount namrd in the bill; and I think that the I
amendment offered by the Senator fiom Kentucky, .
if adopted, would effectually defeat the object of ::
the bill, and woik injustice to the petitioner! |i
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, the Senator l!
from Indiana has stated that he understood u was ,1
taken for granted that this claim was a just one J
against the Government. I did not undeistand '!
that, such was the conclusion at which the Senator ij
from Kentucky has arrived. It may or it may riot lj
be so. Out 1 have not seen sufficient evidence to '
satisfy me that the United States ought to pay
anybody the twenty thousand dollars which this
biil pioposes to pay to Myeile. I am aware that
when this subject was up for considetation before,
the discussion was principally upon the amend-
ment, and that the great inquiry whether the Gov-
ernment ought to pay anybody the sum named did
not receive so much attention.
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator permit me
to inteirupt him? I desire to save time. The
question now pending is upon the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky. The merits of the
claim are not involved in the amendment; there-
fore it is not in order to discuss them at this time.
When the question upon the amendment shall be
decided, then it will be in older to discuss the
merits of the claim.
Mr. BRADBURY. I thought that I was in order
in answering the allusion of the Senator from In-
diana; but as it seems that I was not, I will con-
fine my remarks (o the amendment. The Senator
i from Indiana declares that he knows no precedent
of the kind proposed to be established by the
amendment. At the last session of Congress
numerous cases were cued precisely in point; nu-
merous cases were then brought forward in which
the Senate did the very thing that is sought to
be accomplished by this amendment. JN'ow, will
we do any injustice to this individual by adopting
this amendment? What are the facts? The claim-
ant asks that he shall be paid a certain amount of
money in consequence of the Government, or the
country, being benefited by certain experiments
which he made in introducing improvements in the
process of water-rotung hemp, it was admitted,
at the last examination of this case, that this indi-
vidual, after making the contract, went into that
section of the country, where he undertook to try
the expemnents without funds: that he applied to
the individuals named m the amendment, Mont-
moulin and Coinwell, for funds with which to try
1 these experiments; that they furnished the funds.
Thus, it appears that these experiments, which it
is contended that the Government should pay for,
were tried at the expense of these men. It was
their capital that furnished the means with which
to try these experiments. Now, if this is an equi-
table claim, who shall have the money? The men
who lost it? Certainly. Shall the man who tried
the experiments without losing a farthing, pocket
this twenty thousand dollars, and bid defiance to
those whose capital he expended m carrying on his
operations? I think that that would be doing rank
injustice. I think that this is a legal claim made
upon the equity of the Government.
At the request of Air. ATCHISON", Mr. Brad-
bury here gave way, without finishing his re-
marks, to a motion for adjournment.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 25, 1849.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. LEFFLER, by leave, presented sundry
joint resolutions of the Geneiai Assembly of the
State of Iowa, viz:
A joint resolution asking a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Davenport,
via Bloomino;ton, Iowa City, and Fort DesMoines,
to Council Bluffs, on the Missouri river;
A joint resolution m relation to the inundated
lands on Muscatine island, m the State of iowa;
A joint resolution relative to the establishment
of a land office at Fort Des Moines;
Which joint resolutions weie referred to the
Committee on Public L.mds.
A joint resolution lelative to the completion of
the harbor at Dubuque; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce; and
A joint resolution in relation to the establishment
of a post route from Praine do Chien to Foit At-
kinson; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. LEFFLER, it was
Ordered, That the s-aid loinl re.-oliuions ol theGeneral As-
sembly ot the citato oi iowa be pumed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, by unanimous con-
sent, in pursuance to previous notice, obtained
itave and introduced a bill for the relief of Uii
Emmons; winch was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Patents. i
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance to previous notice, obtained leave and
introduced a bill granting the Detioit, Romeo, and i
Port Huron Railroad Company public lands oil i
certain conditions; which was read twice, and re- j
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. I
Mr. McKAY, by unanimous consent, in pursu-
ance to previous notice, obtained leave and intro-
duced bills of the following titles, viz:
A hill to regulate the mileage of members and
delegates in Congress, and for other purposes;
A bill to authorize the coinage of one dollar gold
pieces at the mint of the United States and its
branches;
A bill to provide for the settlement of the ac-
counts of public officers and others who may have
received moneys arising from military contribu-
tions or otherwise in Mexico;
Which were severally read twice and referred-
the first two to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and the last to the Select Committee on
the President's Message in relation to the levymo-
duties on goods imported into Mexico dunn°- the
late war between the United States and Mexico.
Mr. GOGGIN mquned of the Speaker what
was the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER said the call of the committees
for reports.
Mr. GOGGIN called for the regular order.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for
REPORTS.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petitions of ship-
owners and others of Boston and of New Bedford
and Fairhaven, asking an amendment of the laws
regulating the registry and enrolment of vessels,
reported a bill to provide for the recording the con-
veyance of vessels, and for other purposes; which
was read twice, and postponed until to-morrow,
and left upon the Speaker's table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the same committee,
reported bills of the following titles:
A bill to extend the proiisions of all laws now
in force relating to the carriage of passengers in
merchant vessels,and the regulation thereof; and
A bill to abolish imprisonment for debt, in cer-
tain cases.
Which bills were read twice, postponed until
to-morrow, left upon the Speaker's table, and
ordered to be piinted.
Mr. GRINNELL also, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred the memoiial of Hemy
Luff and John MeKee, of the city of Baltimore,
reported a bill to provide for the settlement of the
claim of Henry Luff and John McKee, accompa-
nied by a report in writing; which bill was lead
twice and committed.
On motion of Mr. BINGHAM,
Ordered, That the Commits e on Coimoeicp be di-charged
f'"in the tin ther con-fdeiation of the resolution ot tin' House
11 tii "t December la-t, in relation to the establishment
ol n ooll'cliorj district in that prut of Tennessee bordtimg^
on the Mi-sis-ippi river, with a port of entry at Memphis,
and that it he I.ud upon the tabic.
Mr. ATKINSON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of Fer-
guson & Milhado, of Norfolk, Vugmia, reported a
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to cancel certain bonds for duties on
goods destroyed by fire while in public stoie
Norfolk; which was read twice, and ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read a third time and
passed.
SITES FOR HOSPITALS-
Mr. HUNT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following resolution, which
was read:
Rewired, That the Secretary of the Tiea^ury be, find is
heieby, directed to inquire and ascertain the mo>t favorable
terms on wineh Mutable .-ite* can be obtained for marine
hospitals at linflhlo,Oswego,diidAfwIachicola; and that ha
j report the same, with Ins opinion upon the expediency of
• ert;ctiii<r hospitals at those places, to Congress, at the next
j ae--ion.
j Mr. HUNT said he hoped the resolution would
^ be adopted. It merely proposed an inquiry into
i the expediency of puichasing these sites, and into
| the expense. From the information which had
] been hud before them, the Committee on Com-
| merce were satisfied that it. was. very necessary
! that an appropriation should be made for these
j purposes; but the information before them was not
, so definite as to justify appropriations at this time.
; Mr. KAUFMAN moved to amend the amend-
1 ment by inserting "Galveston." The resolution
wassunply a resolution of inquiry; and an inquiry
might as well be made in relation to the point he
had designated as to any other. There had been
