1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
no hospital (he was understood to say) or any-
thing of the kind erected by the Government m
any part of the State of Texas.
Mr. HUNT said he was not authorized to
accept the amendment as a modification of the
resolution which he had reported under instruc-
tions from the Committee on Commerce. He
would, however, vote in favor of it.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
Mr. Kaufman was agreed to.
And the question recurring on the resolution as
amended—
Mr. McCLELLAND moved further to amend
it, by inserting Detroit."
There was, Mr. McC. said, more tonnage, and
theie were more sailots making their homes theie,
than at any point on the lake.
Mr. McKAY (with a remark not heard at the
reporter's desk) moved to amend the amendment,
by adding " Wilmington, North Carolina."
'The question was taken on Mr. McClelland's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
And the amendment of Mr. McKay was agreed
to.
Mr. CRANSTON moved to insert" Newport,
Rhode Island."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend, by inserting "Erie, on Lake Eric"—a
place (he said) very well known.
Mr. HUNT said it might be very proper that
inquiries as to al! these places should be made.
But he hoped that the propositions respecting them
would be presented in some other form than as
amendments to the resolution he had reported.
Three points had been specially brought to the
notice of the Committee on Commerce, and the
committee were satisfied that something ought to
be done in respect to them. He had peisonally
no objection to these other places, but he feared
the original proposition would be lost sight of alto-
gether. He thciefore moved the previous question.
There was a second. And the mam question
was ordeied to be taken.
And the main question (being first on the amend-
ment of Mr.Thompson) was taken, and decided in
the affirmative.
So the amendment (inserting Erie) was agreed to.
And, as thus amended, the resolution was adopt-
ed.
THE CUMBERLAND DAM.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following resolution, which
was read:
Resolred, That Senate bill to provide for the repans. and
improvement ol the dam at the head ol Cumberland hland
in the O.uo iiver, ho made the special order of the day for
"VVedneMlay, Febiuaiy 7, and until it i> disposed of.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, suggested
to Mr. Grin.vell so to modify the resolution as to
except Fridays and Saturdays.
The SPEAKER said, the resolution being the
reportof a committee,could not be modified by the
gentleman.
Mr. ROCKWELL said, that with such modifi-
cation he would vote for the resolution, otherwise
not.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to amend the resolu-
tion, by excepting Fridays and Saturdays.
The amendment was agiced to.
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution os amended—
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked for
its reading. And it was again read.
Mr. GRINNELL was proceeding to make an
explanation—
When the SPEAKER said, that the resolution,
having reference to the priority of business, was not
debatable.
Mr. GRINNELL called for tellers on the reso-
lution.
Mr. BOYD asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and resulted—yeas 105, nays 61.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
resolution was not adopted.
On motion of Mr. HUNT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be disehaiqed
from the funher consideration ot the petition of Atkins
of Truio, Massachusetts, for the letuin of tonnage
duty, and that it be laid upon thu tablr.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Commitieeon Pub-
lic Lands, reported the following resolution; which
Was read:
Resolved, That House biii to create the office of survejor
general of the public laud* in the Teintory ot Oregon, and
to giant donation rights to settlers thereon, be made the
special order of the day lor the fii&t Tuesday in Febiuaiv
next.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
amend this resolution by inserting at the end there-
of, "Fridays and Saturdays excepted;" which was
agreed to.
The question was then stated, viz: Will the
House agiee to said resolution, and being put,
It was decided in the affirmative, two-thirds
voting m favor thereof.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the same committee,
reported tabular statements, prepared by direction
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
showing the grants of land made to sundry States
and Territories for vatious purposes, and the per
centage on the proceeds of the public lands to which
each State was entitled upon admission into the
Union, &c.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it was
Ordered, That said statements he laid upou the table, and
print* d.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, wished to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
what had become of the bills winch he (Mr. S.) had
introduced caily in the session, and hadveferied to
that committee, donating lands to aid in the con-
struction of the Centiai railroad, connecting the
upper and lower Mississippi with the noithern
lakes at Chicago, and for the nouhern cross rail-
road, with a branch to Alton; and to the States of
Illinois and Indiana, to aid in constructing a rail-
road from New Albany, in Indiana, by way of
Mount Carmel, on the Wabash river, to Alton, on
the Mississippi river? Would they beacted upon by
the committee, and reported back to the Houser
The inquiry was objected to.
Mr. GREELEY, fiom the same comnnttec, re-
ported a bill to reduce the minimum price of the
mineral lands m the Lake Superior district m
Michigan, and in the Chippewa district in Wis-
consin; which was read twice, postponed until to-
morrow, and left on the Speakers table, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER,
Oidcrcd, That the Committee on Public Lands be di*
chained fiom the turther coik-iderauoii o; the le^okmoii of
the House ot the Idtn ot'Det emlx. r l.i>t, in relation to the
signing of the Jand patents l>> the President, and mat it be
laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Pul.he Lands b.> di?-
elur^ed tioin the lutiher euiis-ideiaiioii of ihe meiuoiial ot
A. L. Fra/.ei, piupasujgj to eon.vtiu<t a tailioud lio.u St.
Loui> to riaii lriai citeo, and that it be laid o.i the table.
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN,
Orderedy That the Committtee on the Post Office and Po<t
Itoad-s be dir-chaiged fiom the further consideration of ttiu
letter of Barer tfumiions, lefative to the u<ois?poft«uiun ol a
mail fiom San Kianeiseo to tne Sandwich Islands, and that
it be laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN,
Ordered, Th.it the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be discharged fiom the lutthcr consideration ot the
memorial ot John J■ Haley and others, and that it be laid
oil the tabic.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report
upon the petition of Guion & McLaughlin; which
was laid upon the table, and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. ROOT, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the Senate entitled 11 An
act for theieiief of Thomas Rhodes," imported the
same back without amendment; when, un motion
of Mr. ROOT—
Ordered, That the s-cud bill no laid epon the table.
Mr. ST. JOHN, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution; which was con-
sidered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be ciw-han>ed fiom Ihe further coi.-tdt ration of
the petition of C. Iv. Lclaud and otheis. and limtthe peu-
tiomiis havelea\e to witndiavv then petition. :
OAIC HILL CEMETERY, T>. C. j
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the •
Disti ict of Columbia, reported a bill to incorporate j
the Oak Hill Cemetery m the District ot Columbia; |
which bill was rend twice. !
Mr. CHAPMAN, in explanation, said, it seemed j
that a very benevolent gentleman of this city, a na- !
tive of Georgetown, had purchased a grove on the j
heightsof Georgetown, and had given it to the Cor-
poration of Georgetown for a public cemetery.
This bill provided for the improvement of that
grove—it was a grove of fifteen acies. It was
desirable that this property should be used for the j
purposes for which it was intended as soon as was
practicable. The bill incorporated certain gentle-
men who were interested in the improvement of
this property, and gave them the power to protect
and improve it for these purposes. The Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia unanimously in-
structed him to ask that the bill be read three
times and be put upon its passage, which he now
did.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the bill in
full; but was soon interrupted by—
Mr. KAUFMAN, who suggested to the gentle-
j' man from Maryland, that the" bill be printed and
j' allowed to he on the Speaker's table for examina-
jl tion. He did not know that he should object to it.
|j Mr. CHAPMAN replied that the committee did
j! not deem it necessary to print it, as no gentleman,
I1 they supposed, could object to the passage of the
j; bill if it was understood. The committee, he would
j! state, had examined the bill very carefully; it had
t| been drawn with gieat care, and he was satisfied
i that no objection could be made to putting it now
;! on ifs passage.
|! The Clerk resumed and concluded the reading.
;j The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
;i read a third time; and the bill being engrossed,
|| was accordingly read the third time and passed,
;; and sent to the Senate for concurrence,
j Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
j| District of Columbia, also reported a bill to incor-
ji porate the Columbia Manufacturing Company in
j: the District of Columbia; which bill was lead
T twice and committed.
j Mr. KAUFMAN, from the Committee on the
ji Post Office and Post Roads, reported a biii to repeal
j} a ccrtain provision of an act to establish certain post
|; routes, approved August 14, 1844; which was read
i; twice; and, after some remarks by Messrs. WAL-
jj LACE and KAUFMAN, the bill was ordered to
ji be engrossed and read a third time; and the said
bill being engrossed, was accordingly read a thiid
!j time and passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
| cuirence.
' Mr. VINTON offered the following resolution;
; which was agreed to:
. Rcsolvid, That dtbate on House bill making nppropiia-
, tions tor the Mippoitof the army lor the vuu mmng oOlh
i June, 1850. shall cease hi Committee of the Whole Hon-e
;; on the State of the Union! his day at 3 o'eloek. p. in.; and
| the said committee s>hail then proceed,under tne lulesol tne
Uou-e. to vote on &ueh amendments as may ho offered to
jj Find bill.
Ij NOTICE OF A BILL.
! Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE gave notice of a
] motion fur leave to introduce a bill making Fort
Covington, New York, a port of delivery.
THE ARMY BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON", the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the support of the
army for the year ending June 30, 1849.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, was entitled to
the floor, and addressed the committee during the
hour.
Pie said he proposed to spend tlse brief hour
allotted to him m the consideiation of matters con-
nected with the question of slavery; and he did
this, he could assure the committee, with no little
reluctance, foi it was the first time in his life when
he had enteted upon such a discussion. He did
if, however, from the promptings of a conviction
! that he represented on this floor a class of people
1 who requited at his hands that upon all and every
suitable occasion he should endeavor, with what-
: ever ability be might possess, to bring to bear upon
■ this gieat question which now agitated the Union
all the conservatism and conciliation which he
knew and believed that they felt. It needed not
; now, he said, (for eveiybody knew it,) that to in-
dulge in censure and denunciation of one section
of the Union against another, was not only calcula-
ted to do no good, but to do serious harm; to dis-
turb the haimony of that Union which had so long
■ been our security and our strength.
; The institution of slavery was one which found
its existence m this country against the consent of
our forefathers, in despite of the urgent vemon-
1 stianres, the urgent appeals of every single one of
; the American colonics. It was found here at the
commencement of that gloiious Revolution which
resulted in the establishment of our Federal Con-
