368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 25.
stitution; and, at the date of our Declaration of
American Independence, which on its face declared
" that all men are created equal," every single one
of the American colonies held, by virtue of exist-
ing laws, a right in slaves as property, fixed and
recognized by the municipal legislation of each one
of the colonies.
The institution of slavery existed, therefore, be-
fore the formation of the Articles of Confederation,
and before the formation of our Federal Constitu-
tion. But difficulties grew out of its existence even
in the Congress of the Confederation: in the appor-
tionment between the Colonies of the amounts to
be paid by the several Colonies towards defraying
the public debt, the institution of slavery was a
very serious and alarming impediment in the way
of the adjustment of the question; and then, for
the first time in the history of American legisla- |
tion, in the old Congress of the Confederation, was I
adopted that principle of compromise by which, m ■
the enumeration of the inhabitants to be taxed, ]
two-thirds of the slaves in each of the Colonies i
were deducted. That compromise was held by j
the men of that day to be necessary and essential i
to the harmony of the Confederacy. It did re-
store peace and quiet. But the Confederated Gov- i
ernment, for reasons which were manifest to our j
fathers at the time, was not sufficiently strong to \
enforce upon the Colonies the legislation of the
Confederated Congress, and hence the Convention I
was called which resulted in the formation of our j
present Federal Constitution. And in fixing, in
that Convention, the ratio of representation m the ;
Congress of the United States, this same difficulty
arose, and this same difficulty was compromised
in precisely the same way as it had been done by ,
the Congress of the Confederation.
Very soon after the formation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and before a fixed con-
struction had been given to that instrument by the
several departments of the Government, and by
the people themselves, efforts were made by ap-
peals to Federal legislation to interfere with the
rights which had been guarantied and secured
under that glorious charter of our rights, and at a
very early time an appeal was made to the Fed-
eral arm to interfere with the institution of slavery
in the several States of the Union. Congress,
composed of wise, of grave, of deliberate men—
of patriots—calmly, earnestly implored the men
from whom these appeals came to let this exciting
and agitating question alone, and stand by the
compromises of the Constitution. The modera-
tion, the forbearance, the conciliation, the compro-
mises of that day, triumphed over faction; faction
became still.
The country was not again excited with the
question of slavery, until the application from the
State of Missouri for admission as a State into the
Union. He needed not refer to the agitating scenes
which grew out of that interesting and important
question. The discussion of the Missouri com-
promise, and the admission of that State into the
Union, shook this Union to its very centre; the
spirit of fanaticism and of faction well nigh worked
the dissolution of that glorious Union, under whose
preservation our rights had been so long guaran-
tied and maintained. But conciliation, compro1- I
mise, and concession, again prevailed, and the ii
Union and its integrity were safe. j
We heard nothing more of the agitating question I
of the abolition of slavery until the formation of i
the present political Abolition party. An effort was 1
made, it was true, at the session of Congress of j
1835-'36, akin to and precisely like the one which j
was made immediately after the formation of the |
Constitution, to interfere with slavery and the slave !
trade m the District of Columbia. A memorial was i
presented to this House, from the State of Pemi- !
sylvama, m 1835-'36, praying Congress to abolish
the slave trade and slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia. The question which arose at that time was j
on the reception of the memorial: a motion was made
to lay it on the table, and a very large majority of
the House of Representatives did lay that memo-
rial on the table, by voting to lay the question of ,
its reception on that table; and at the head of those :
who voted in the majority upon that occasion, stood :
the venerable and distinguished gentleman from '
Massachusetts, who but the other day fell in this '
Hall, covered all over with national glory and re- i
nown. Men had not learned in that day to disre-
gard the Constitution and the law; men had not I
learned at that day to be continually attempting ;
encroachments upon the rights of the States of this
Union, as fixed and guarantied under our Federal
Constitution.
This attempt was frowned down by the House
of Representatives. But still the country was agi-
tated ; and that agitation continued until about 1840,
when these petitions were continually presenting
themselves to the consideration of Congress; and
when to get rid of them, southern gentlemen on this
floor adopted the celebrated " twenty-first rule,"
which denied to the people of the North the right
to petition Congress on the question of slavery.
Here, two extremes were about to meet. Imme-
diately upon the adoption of ihe " twenty-first
rule," the question of the abolition of slavery in
the District of Columbia became a suspended
question, and there was substituted in lieu of it, in
the northern States, the question of the right of
! petition. The consideration of that question ap-
pealed so strongly to the feelings of the North,
that a large proportion of northern citizens became
accustomed to act with the party which was urging
j upon Congress the recognition of the right of pe-
I tition, and continued to act with them m defence
! of this great right, so that they became, almost m-
; sensibly, political abolitionists; and thus, he verily
j believed, the adoption of the "21st rule" had a
i tendency to strengthen and increase the number of
political fanatical abolitionists at the North. This
right of petition was a sacred right- The North
was addressed m this behalf; and there (pointing
to the seat formerly occupied by Mr. Adams) stood
the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
| to whom he had just alluded, day after day, month
! after month, and year after year, continually clam-
orous in this Hall for the preservation of that high
constitutional right, until the excitement became so
1 great that a portion of the northern people, living
in the State of Massachusetts, through that same I
distinguished Representative,presented amemorial j
upon this floor praying that Congress would take |
steps for the immediate dissolution of the Union. |
Those gentlemen who were present recollected the !
exciting scenes which took place upon this floor j
on that occasion, and recollected with what ability,
with what earnestness and power, that "old man
eloquent" defended himself against the assaults of
those who attacked him, claiming only this—that
while he did not, either in sentiment or feeling,
accord in one jot or tittle with the sentiments of the
memorial, he stood prepared to maintain the right
of petition, as guarantied to the American citizen.
Upon that occasion, Mr. Adams—as it were, almost
pressed to the wall by his adversaries—was com-
! pelled to declare and did declare what his own feel-
! ings were upon this very question on which the
( House had been compelled to vote within the last
; two or three weeks. He then said, in order to stop
: this agitation, in order to arouse the conciliatory
I spirit of his countrymen, Within the District of
Columbia, you men of the North have nothing to
1 do with the nghtof the master to his slave; and he
said, if he were called upon to vote upon a bill to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia, he
would vote against it. lie (Mr. T.) well i ecollected
the remark; he recollected the sensation which it
produced in this Hall. (He had the report of the
remarks by him; but he would not consume the
time of the House by reading it.) The influence
which Mr. Adams was enabled to exercise upon
this important question was very great through-
out the whole circumference of this land. But he
passed away; he died; and his remains had scarce-
ly been carried home to the burial-place of his
fathers at duincy, before one who bore his own
name—a name ever revered and honored—had
become associated with a political hack, through
the instrumentality of a political organization, to
carry into execution the very doctrines against
which his illustrious father had labored through-
out his whole long and useful life.
The result of the late Presidential election had
seemed to produce one conviction upon the minds j
of certain gentlemen, and that was, that there was
in some of the States of this Union, lodged in the
hands of this party, the balance of political power;
and if they could keep up, by the agitation of this
question, their political organization, they could
compel either the Whig or the Democratic party
to come to them, and thus enable them to accom-
plish their purpose. They were mistaken in the
Whig party of the North and the Democratic
party of the North, neither of whom sympathized
in any degree whatever with the objects, pur-
poses, or ultimate designs of the political, fanatical
abolitionists.
The Presidential election over, this session of
Congress commenced. What did we see? First
a proposition made upon the floor of the House of
| Representatives directly, unqualifiedly to abolish
1 slavery in the District of Columbia, without the
! consent of Maryland, without the consent of Vir-
i ginia, without the consent of the slaveholders of
| the District. A direct attempt to exercise the Fed-
| eral power of this Government to do that which all
. good men of all parties had declared that Congress
had neither the legal power to do, nor that it was
right that it should be done. That resolution had
been voted down by this House, but he was aston-
ished to see that it commanded so large a vote as it
did.
Next, they saw a proposition to submit to the
I people of the District of Columbia the question as
to whether slavery should or should not exist here
and placing the negro man—even the slave of the
District—upon a par with the white man in deter-
mining the question whether the slave's bonds
should be broken. A proposition thus to legislate
; needed but to be stated to any portion of the Araer-
■ ican people to be repudiated, condemned, and
spurned by that people.
Next, they had before them a proposition to
abolish the slave trade within the District of Co-
lumbia. He would remark, with reference to this,
! that he had thought there was a class of gentlemen
on this floor who had always denied to Congress
jurisdiction of the question of slavery within the
District of Columbia, or within the Slates; yet he
i was astonished, when that resolution came into
; this Hall, to find these same gentlemen forcing the
j House to take jurisdiction of this bill, and that
against the earnest remonstrances of this side of
: the Hall. When that resolution proposing to
abolish the slave trade in the District of Columbia
was submitted to the consideration of this House,
J the previous question was called upon it; and it
would be recollected that the distinguished gen-
| tleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Vinton,] got up in his
; place and implored the House to pass by that res-
olution, by voting down the proposition to put the
main question. But the records of the House
showed that twenty-six gentlemen of the Demo-
cratic party from the slave States, representing
slave constituencies, voted to order the main ques-
tion, and force the House to a direct vote upon the
question, against the earnest remonstrances and
direct vote of twenty-eight Whigs and ten Demo-
crats from the slave States.
Mr. MEADE, (in his seat.) What of it?
What of it? is asked by the gentleman from
Virginia, (continued Mr. T.) This : you have
always denied that Congress has any jurisdiction
over the question, of which you forced us to take
; jurisdiction by your own vote, when we wanted
j to stave it off and not vote at all unless the propo-
| sition was modified.
j Mr. MEADE rose to say a word, but 
| Mr. THOMPSON declined to yield, and begged
that gentlemen would not interrupt him.
| When the cause (he said) is once in court, and
, you have taken jurisdiction of it, you may decide
either for the claimant or against him; but when
! you have no jurisdiction, you have no power to
decide either way. By pressing this question upon
us, you have admitted the jurisdiction of Congress
over slavery within the District of Columbia.
Mr. VINTON (the floor being yielded, at his
request, for a word of explanation) said he had
asked the House not to sustain the previous ques-
tion on the proposition because he wanted to
amend it before voting. It was not his purpose
to stave off voting upon it, but to strike out the
preamble.
Mr. THOMPSON continued. He concurred
with the gentleman from Ohio that there was a
desire on his side of the House to strike out the
preamble, and that there was no disposition to
stave off the question of the resolution. For him-
self, he (Mr. T.) was not afraid to meet it.
Coming into this House from a free constituency,
he had not voted for it, but directly against it.
Before he proceeded to notice particularly what
the resolution was, he wished to remark that there
was one feature of this transaction which struck
his mind as rather curious: that was, that ultra-
slavery men on that side of the House and ultra-
anti-slavery men on this side coalesced; that they
