THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE. .
<'VH"
\ -i-
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OP WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR &t RIYfJS.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1849.
New Series No. 24.
got together in pressing this question upon the
action of the House. How they got together, he
did not understand. Perhaps before this session
of Congress expired, fhey would get together
again. ' 'Nous verrons.
He proposed now to speak of the resolution of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gott.] It
was in the following words:
" Whereas the traffic now prosecuted in this metropolis of
the Republic in human bpings as chattels, is contrary^to
natural justice and the fundamental pnnoiples of our polit-
ical system, and is notoriously a rcptoaeh to our countty
throughout Christendom, and a serious hinderance to the
progress of republican liberty among; the nations of the
earth: therefore, •
" Resolved, That the Committee on the "District of Colum-
bia be instructed to report a bill, as soon as practicable, pro-
hibiting the slave trade in said District."
He had voted against this resolution of the gen-
tleman from New^'ork, for the reason, first, that
it assumed that "traffic now prosecuted in this
metropolis of the Republic in human beings as
chattels, is contrary to natural justice and the
fundamental principles of our political system."
He did not recognize that as being true; and this
led him to the consideration of the question—
whether, under our Federal Constitution and the
compact between the States, we were compelled to
recognize property as existing in the slaves of the
South? He knew but one mode, under the Con-
stitution and the law of this country, to determine
upon a question of law arising upon a conflict be-
tween the States, or between the States and the
Federal Government. In determining whether
slaves were property, he was compelled to look at
the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and nowhere else; and he must express
his surprise to have heard, upon this floor, the
doctrine asserted, tKat under the Constitution of
the United States there was no recognition of the
right of the slaveholder to his slave as property.
He did not intend to detain the committee by
reading at any length, but he had before him the
interpretation of the clause of the Constitution—
u No. person held to service or labor in one State,"
&c.—bearing upon this subject, given by Judge
Story.
ff Story says, in the case of Prigg vs. the Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, 16 Peters, 611:
"The last clause is that, the true interpretation whereof
is directly in judgment before.us. Historically, it is well
known that the object of this clause was to secure to the
citizens of the slaveholding States the complete right and
title-of ownership in their &lavcs as property, in every°State
in the Union into which thev might escape from the State
where they were held in servitude. The full recognition of
this right and title was mdispeusable to the security of this
species of property in all the slaveholding States; and, in-
deed, was so vital to the preservation of their domestic
interests and institutions, that it caimot be doubted that it
constituted a fundamental article, without (he adoption of
which the Union could not have been formed. Its true de-
sign was to guard against the doctrines and principles prev-
alent m the non-s!avi;huldhig States, by preventing them
from inteimeddling with, or obstructing or abolishing the
rights of the owners of slaves."
Now, (said Mr. T.,) there was a solemn, delib-
erate opinion of the Supreme Court of the United
States, given by Judge Story, a northern judge, of
the highest attainments, which settled thequestion
as between the North and the South of the right
of the master to his slave, and that the slave, by
the Federal Constitution, was recognized as prop-
erty. He held that the man who attempted to ar-
ray popular opinion against this settled law of the
land, as expounded by our highest judicial tribu-
nal, and thus forever fixed and settled, was an
■ enemy to the public welfare and the public peace
—he cared not whether he was upon this floor or
elsewhere. Look at the effect of it upon the insti-
tutions of our country. There was a time in our
history when the "slow, unmoving finger of
scorn," would be " pointed" with fixed purpose
upon the man who dared attempt to break down
or in the least degree impair fliose checks and bal-
ances which the Constitution and law had thrown
around the rights of the citizen; but we had seen
the Constitution and the law trodden down be-
neath the foot of party occasionally, and Dorrism
and other isms springing up upon the shattered
fragments of the broken Constitution and law, ex-
24
cept when the power of the States and of the Fed-
eral Government was enabled to hold these factions
in check.
He repeated the sentiment, and he wished it
fixed upon the minds of every man who heard him
and of the country, that under our form of Gov-
ernment, when our highest judicial tribunal, the
supreme expounder of the Constitution and law,
had fixed what that Constitution and law -was, he
held that man to bean enemy to the public wel-
fare who sought to array the popular opinion
against that Constitution and law. There slaves
were property; they were so made by the munici-
pal laws of the States, and were so recognized
under our Federal Constitution.
He read the next clause of the resolution: "and
is notoriously reproach to our country through-
out Christendom.," and said, if he wanted to do
anything else than agitate the question of slavery
for political purposes, he would seek to do it by
earnest appeal to his brethren of the South. He
would employ no terms of denunciation or rebuke.
The men of the South (said Mr. T.) are not re-
sponsible for slavery; it was theirs, but they could
not help it. It was fixed upon them, evil as it was,
against the earnest remonstrance, against the earn-
est entreaty of our fathers. It was there; let
them get rid of it according to the promptings of
their own judgment, in the best way they could.
But when they here, in this Hall dedicated to na-
tional legislation, talked about an institution which
existed in one part of this Union under the law of
the sovereign States, they had no right to denounce
it as against the spirit of the age, and against the
liberalizing influences of Christianity. This was
the Hall of national legislation—a Hall conse-
crated to the Upion of the States; and though
one gentleman came from a slave constituency, and
another came from a free constituency, they were
each bone of the other's bone and flesh of his
flesh; we were all American citizens, protected
and shielded by the same Constitution, guard-
ed by the same laws; we had a common fame,
a common ancestry, and a common revolution-
ary renown. He held that the Congress of
the United States had no right to employ terms
of denunciation against the South or against the
North. They stood here, he repeated it, upon
ground consecrated by the labors and wisdom^ of
our fathers, and secured by that Constitution which
was framed by the conservatism of that day; the
checks and balances of which guarded against
inroads from abroad and from faction at home, by
the wisdom, virtue, and moderation which charac-
terized that era.
This resolution asserted that slavery, as it ex-
isted in the United States, was " a serious hinder-
ance to the progress of republican liberty through-
out the earth." Well, he could not, for the life of
him, imagine what sort of an abstraction that was,
but it was not true. He did not believe—evil
though he agreed the institution of slavery Was—
that the slavery of the African race had ever kept
the Anglo-Saxon, or any other white race fiom
freedom in any degree whatever. lie did not be-
lieve it. Historically, it was not true. The fact of
the institution of slavery existing in the colonies
of the United States did not impede the progress
of our fathers in their establishment of a republican
government. But it was true that those countries
where vice and immorality and superstition and
ignorance prevailed to the greatest extent as for j
example, Mexico, and he believed a number o, ,
the South American republics—recognized no such
thing as the institution of slavery. The ques-
tion of slavery was not one to be viewed in this
light; it was a question between the immediate
personal interest of the slaveholder and the sljwe;
and he did not now cxpect to discuss thequestion,
as to whether slavery might or might not have
been an evil to the black race. If the colonization
scheme, or any other scheme which might be de-
vised by the ingenuity and benevolence ot man ior
planting the African race oil its native snores,
should be instrumental in building up a republican
form of government there, and establishing the
freedom of that race, he would leave it for the
moralist of after days to determine, whether slavery
had or had not been an evil to the black'man.
This resolution proposed to abolish the slave
trade in the District of Columbia. What was the
" slave trade ?" He could not understand this res-
olution as meaning anything more or less than that
they propose'd to interfere with the relation of the
slaveholder and the slave in the District of Co-
lumbia. He had shown that Congress had at no
time before hesitated for a single instant in de-
claring that this ought not to be done. He held that,
under the law by which the District of Columbia
was ceded to the United States for the purposes of
a seat of the Federal Government, Congress had
no legal right to interfere with the relations between
slave and master here. What was the " slave
trade" here ? He heard a great deal said about
" slave pens;" about slaves sold at auction; about
stripping the mother from the child, &c. These
things might exist here, but he did not know of
them. Since he had first come to the District of
Columbia, lie had never seen a negro sold; he had
never seen a band of negroes taken off by the
slave-trader; he had never seen the slave-trader.
He did not know where your " slave pen" was.
It might be here, however, and these things might
happen everyday before the eyes of those gentle- ,
men who chose to hunt them up; for himself, he
had no taste for such things.
' What was the "slave trade," as referred to in
this resolution? It was the right of the master to
sell his slave. Congress had no right to say to
him that he should not. If gentlemen wanted to
abolish the slave trade, in the ordinary geneial ac-
ceptation of that term, it was very easy Jo do it.
When the States of Maryland and Virginia ceded
this ten miles square to the United States for the
purpose of a seat, of Government, provision was
made by the Maryland and Virginia law, that the
laws of those respective States should prevail in
the District of Columbia until Congress should by
legislation provide other laws. Congress in 1801
did provide that the laws of Maryland and Virginia
should prevail in the District of Columbia, and
immediately afterwards declared by law, that
nothing in the act of 1801 should be so construed
as td prevent the right of the master to take his
slave from one county into the other, and to bring
him from Maryland within the District; so that
now, while a gentleman living in Virginia could
not bring his slave into the District of Columbia,
unless he came with the bona, fide intention of be-
coming a citizen, or as a temporary sojourner, yet
a citken Of Maryland might do so, because of the
compact between the General Government and
Maryland. Now, all they had got to do was this:
just repeal the Jaw of Congress of 1801, which
made provision for the right of the master to go
with his slave to and fro, and they revived the
operation of the Maryland law of 1776; and then
if a man brought his slave here, the moment he
came within the limits of the Distiict of Columbia
for the purpose of carrying on the illegal traffic of
buying anu selling slaves, that moment his slaves
were free; but if became with the bona fule inten-
tion of becoming a resident of the District, or as a
necessary sojourner, he held his slaves. He ven-
tured to affirm, that there was not a gentleman
from the extreme South who would not .vote to
revive this law to-day. Here, then, was common
ground on which gentlemen from all sections of
the country might stand. Let such a bill be intro-
duced—and if no other gentleman did,, he was
ready to introduce it, for he had a bill drawn up
for the purpose—and be passed to do this very
thin^, to restore the law of 1798, and then the old
law °of Maryland would be in force, and slaves
could not be brought in here for sale.
It min-ht be well doubted? however, how <ar
they could now complain of the fact that the slave
trade continued to exist in that part of the Disiiiot
east of the Potomac river, when it was recollected
that only two or three years had elapsed since the
retrocession of the county of Alexandria to Vir-
ginia. He could not imagine how it was that gen-
tlemen who advocated the retrocession of that
county to Virginia, fixing slavery forever upon
