370
THE CONGRESSIONAL 6L01SJS.
Jan. 23L
life .county of Alexandria, unless the Legislature
of "Virginia chose to abolish it, notv complained
o,f tlje existence of that institution on this side of
the line. If Congress had jurisdiction (as they
thought) of this question, they had given it up as
far as related to the county of Alexandria, and
Surrendered th§ power of ever disturbing the rela-
tion of master and slate there.
But suppose they passed this- resolutioit^-sup-
pose they passed a bill in this general form abol-
ishing slavery in the District of Columbia—what
flfext? The next proposition which would come
from the political Abolitionists of the Korth would
lie to abolish the slave trade between the States.
He was no alarmist; he abominated these continual
thi'eats of dissolution; he had no respect for the man
who eternally talked about ureakingasunder the ties
of concord and fraternal affection which had so long
held lis together; lie had no sympathy with such
movements; but he toid them that just so sure as
the son of heaven shone, just so sure as we were
now a union of States, just so certainly must that
union become dissevered and broken, if the munici-
pal rights of the Slates were thus interfered with.
The South should not trample upon the rights of
the North, so far as he represented the rights of
the North; nor would he—so help him God he
would not—attempt to trample upon the rights of
the South. He had spent the first one-half of his
life, south of Mason and Dixon's line,and the other
half north" of Mason and Dixon's line; he thought
he knew the people of the North, and he thought
lie knew the people of the South; and he told those
gentlemen here, both from the South and from the
North, who talked about disunion, that they did
not represent the feelings of the Ametican people,
011 this great question. No; tlicy did not represent
the heart of the American people. That heart was
essentially conservative on this and all otherques-
tions.
But suppose Congress attempted to interfere
with the slave trade between the States; the inev-
itable, positive, direct result must be the dissolu-
tion of the Union. He did not complain of the
severe terms of denunciation which southern gen-
tlemen were in t-he habit of sometimes employing
towards the North. Northern man though he
was, he was compelled to admit that some of the
people of the North deserved a good deal of what
was said of them by southern men. He could not
imagine, for instance, what was better calculated
to arouse the feelings of the South—their indigna-
tion, if gentlemen pleased—than an attempt 011 the
part of the northern States of this Union to inter-
fere with and check that Congressional legislation
which had been devised, under the Constitution,
for the securing of the rights of the master when
his slave escaped from liim into another State.
He believed there were some of the States of this
Union who hod repealed their legislation on this
subject, and there were others who indicted a
penalty upon their officers for aiding the master in
arresting his slave. He thanked God he did not
come from such a constituency. The people whom
he represented, the State from which he came,
utras essentially, emphatically, conservative upon
this question of sla-very. He represented a con-
stituency among whom the master would be iust
lit! secure under ihe law of the land, inlattempting
tb recover his fugitive slave, as he would be in any
county in Virginia or North Carolina. He did
not know of a judge or a justice of the peace within
his State who would not give to the master every
possible aid in his power to arrest his fugitive
slave. They neither sympathized with the fanati-
cal Abolitionists nor with the ultra pro-slavery men
of the South; all they said was, Take care of the
institution of slavery as it was left you by your
fathers; it is none of ours; we will have nothmo-
to do with it; manage it as you please. °
He was inclined to think that a very large pro-
portion, if not a very large majoiity of the negroes
of the South were quite as well oft", if not better
off in bondage, as far as physical comforts were
concerned, than they would be if they were free.
Take, for instance, the legislation of his State v.-ith
reference to free negroes; their law required that
when they came into that State they should give
security never to become a town or county charge;
and if a person hired, harbored, or concealed ne-
groes, who had come into the State without u-ivin"
Sttch security, they were liable to indictment; lie
kw8J  T?J,e lmdbeei1 a member of Congress,
deftnded f9Wr ot gvS of ^=3 constituents upon 1
actions of this nature brought against them. In
his State, and he believed in the bordering State
of Illinois, this thing of political abolitionism had
never found a foothokl, and he did not believe it
ever would in either of these States of the North-
west. If the feeling which there existed Should
prevail all over the Union, we should havte no
more agitation about the settlement of the question
of slavery; but Congress would come up and settle
it like men. ^
As respected the institution of slavery in the
Territories which we had acquired by our war
with Mexico, he did not propose to discuss this
question, any more than to say, that if it had not
I been for that same violation of law to which he
! hid referred—if it had not been for this disregard
| of constitutional checks and balances to which the
| Abolition party owed its political existence, v. e
should have had no Mexican war and no Mexi-
can territory. But we had got it; and before he
would endanger the union of these States by the
determination of any question which might arise in
the settlement of the controversy between the North
and the South, in refeierice to Nep Mexico and
California, he would vote deliberately in his place
to give it all back, gold mines and all. Yes; al-
though the gold mines were ten times richer than
they were, they should not weigh a feather in the
scale compared with the integrity of the union of
these States. But if we would not give back these
Territories, for one, he was in no very great hurry
to organize a government for tnem. He believed
gentlemen from all sections had better get cool
upon this question before they undertook to do a
great de.il about it; they weie too excited now;
there was not sufficient conservatism either in the
South or the North. A portion of the North said
they would dissolve the Union, unless Congress
inhibited slavery in these Territories; a portion of
the South said they would dissolve the Union if
Congress did inhibit slavery theie. Which of
these two extremes should yield? Should mod-
erate counsels prevails. He believed that the calm,
deliberate, moderate, conservative spirit of the
people of this Union would prevail in the settle-
ment of all these questions, and that in it it would
be found that deep, earnest, fixed devotion to this
Union was the strong impulse of the American
heart.
He wished it were true—he wished he could
say it was true, that this Hall of legislation had
as much of that calm, deliberate conservatism as
existed in the minds of the great body of the
Amei ican people. But there was often to be found
a difference between the representative and his
constituent: while the constituent, at home, was
steadily, calmly, coolly, and earnestly looking and
praying for the preservation of the welfare of the
Government, they in this Hall, too often prompted
by considerations of faction and party, were dis-
turbing the peace and repose of the Union, and
weie agitating and exciting for iheir own sinister
ends and selfish purposes. There was coming a
time, he believed—and he thanked God it was
so—when there should come out from the Federal
Executive of this Union this spirit of popular con-
servatism, and it should be poured like oil upon
the waters of party; when, in the settlement of
great national questions, they should neither know
the name of Whig nor Democrat, but should
be prompted by those high, holy, elevated con-
siderations which alone existed in the heart of
the true American patriot, whose every pulsation
beats for the integrity of the union of these States.
The question of the integrity and the safety of this
Union was higher than that of the perpetuity and
success of any party. He held that that man was
an enemy to the peace of* this Republic who, iroon
this floor, dedicated to national legislation, should
seek to array the North against the South. He
(Mr. T\) was a northern man in sympathy and
m feeling; but he loved the South. The South
was the home of his earliest and dearest recollec-
tions; there were yet left the playmates of his
eaily boyhood; but his home was at the North;
his interests were there; his affections were there;
his sympaihies were there. But should he hke
the North more than the South? or the East more
than the West? Should his patriotism be circum-
scribed by the littlespot of earth where he happened
to have been born or to live? No, no; he trusted
in God that the time should never come when he
should not feel an equal devotion for the sterile
hills of New England and the sunny plains of the
South. It was al? his country. And though he
represented a constituency who had confided im-
portant trusts to him, he declared here, in the Hall
of this National Legislature, that he would <nye
no vote which should not look to the rights ^the
interests, and the prosperity of the vtfholetjmon^-
the North as well aS the South, the East as wel!
as the West.
Mr. T. having concluded—
Mr. NICOLL then took the floor, in reply to
the speech made yesterday by Mr. Rockwell, of
Connecticut.
Mr. N. vindicated the accuracy of the estimates
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and aigued thai
they were not so assailable as the gentleman from
Connecticut had contended. The speech was main-
ly of a statistical character—of which a correct
report cannot be given to-day.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, followed m
a brief explanation and statement of figures, in
support of his pievious allegations with respect to
the state of the finances of the Government, and
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, until
the hour of three o'clock—
When, accoiding to previous order, the debate
was closed, and the committee proceeded to th®
vote.
The CHAIRMAN then stated the question to
be on striking out the first section of the bill.
Mr. SMART withdrew the motion (having made
it in the first instance merely pro forma, that he
might submit his remarks.)
The following item of the bill being under con-
sideration:
For expenses of recruiting, thirty-eight thousand and fifty-
two dollars.
Mr. GR.EELEY moved to strike it out.
Mr. G. (in explanation) said he did not believe
Government should pay these thirty-eight thou-
sand dollars for the recruiting service of the army
of the United States. Nothing hke that amount
of labor was required for this service. He believed,
indeed, that an abundant supply of men for- the
army could be obtained without the expense of
hiring men for the purpose, by merely putting
up the flag, as was often done for hiring laborers
on the railroads and other public works. In this
case the Government was to pay thirty-eight thou-
sand dollars for persuading men to serve them.
This was done for one of two reasons: either the
service itself was improper for men to engage in*
or the pay was-not what it ought to be. If the
service was wrong, it ought to be discontinued;
and if the pay was inadequate, it ought to be in-
creased. There was no service on earth—certainly
no branch of the public service in this country, in
which so much robbery and wrong was perpe-
trated as in this matter of recruiting. Recouise
was had to intoxication, to fraud—to bribing men-
outside to bring in recruits for the United States
army, by continually robbing wives of their hus-
bands, and widows of their sons, under circum-
stances which would ordinarily render the individ-
ual liable to indictment for fraud.
He wished to inquire a little into this branch of
the public expenditures. He had before him a
statement of the total cost of war and warlike prep-
arations by this Government for the last sixty
years—from 1789 to 1849—and it amounted to the
large sum of $085,930,802 27. He did not believe
there was any necessity for this large expenditure.
The bill proposed to appropriate §5,425,81)7 for
the military service of the United States for the
present year; and in the naval appropriation bil!
it was proposed to set apart for the naval service
$9,650,012. Total for warlike preparations, $15>-
079,878.
Now, he desired to compare this with the cost
of the military and naval service of the whole
period of the eight years of Washington's adminis-
tration. For the military service it was §9,244,-
027; for the naval service, §10,078,102; total,
§19,322,129. From this it appeared that there waS
now expended for warlike preparations in a single
year almost as much as was expended during the
whole period of the eight years of Washington s
administration. During the four years of the ad-
ministiation of Thomas Jefferson—from 1802 to
1803—upon a retrenchment of the expenditures or
his predecessor, the elder Adams, the expenditures
for the naval and military service amounted to only
$7,956,108, or less than the cost of the naval ser-
vice alone for the current or ensuing year. During
Washington's administration there was an army
