874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 2$.
public upon whieh this ciaim is founded, I find that
Texas pledges her " honor and her remtite." Her
honor, I trust, we have not taken from her; her
revenues we have not taken.
What is the character of this security given by
Texas for the payment of this debt? Why, sir,
it is a mere pledge of the honor of Texas to apply
her revenues to the extinguishment of this debt.
It can go no further. It is no pledge of thrower
ot raising revenue. It is no pledge of the proceeds
of her imposts, because the proceeds of her im- i
posts were not in existence at the time. What, ]
then, is it? Nothing but a pledge of the integrity
of that republic. Nothing else, sir. What was
the effect of this pledge upon Texas ? Did it limit
the sovereign power of that State in respect to the
regulation of its revenues—to the ordinary legisla-
tive power of modifying her financial system? Did
it tie that State down to any system of revenue
which happened to be in existence at the moment
this contract was entered into? No, sir, it left
Texas to the exercise of her own discretion as to
the manner in which her revenue should be col-
lected and the manner in which she was to provide
for her State obligations. Now, what was the
effect of her annexation to this Confederacy? By
coming into the Union, Texas yielded her power
of raising revenue in a particular manner. If you
please, one source of revenue was dried up, as the
gentleman from Maryland said, in the course of
his remarks, during the last session. What then?
What was the result of this? Texas was left in the
condition of every member of this Union, to resort
toother sources of revenue in heu of that she had
■voluntarily surrendered. She retained to herself
the power, she retained to herself the sources of
revenue, toilh a single exception. Well, sir, if Texas
had entered into an obligation with the United
States not to raise a revenue in a particular man- ,
ner, does it follow that she is not bound to resort :
to other modes of raising revenue for the discharge ,
of her obligations? And does it follow, that 111 con- j
sequence of the treaty by which she becomes a
member of this Union, and relinquishes the power
of imposing imposts, that the United States be- I
comes responsible for the debts of that republic, j
simply because she has compelled herself to pro-
vide in some other manner for the payment of her
debts?
We certiinly have taken from Texas the power
of raising revenue by imposts. This is true; but it
is not true that that power has been transferred from
Texas to this Government. The power now ex-
ercised by this Government of raising a revenue
by imposts is a different thing from the power that
was exercised by Texas. That power, when ex-
ercised by Texas, was exercised for the benefit of
that State alone. The power exercised by this
Government is for the benefit of the whole Union,
and cannot be made to bear unequally for the ben-
efit or to the injury of any State.
The result of the whole argument, Mr. Presi-
dent, is this: Texas pledges her faith to apply her
of the debt. Well, sir, what have we done?
This pledge, evidenced by the security given to
these petitioners, was subject to the qualification
that the revenue of Texas should be applied, m
the first instance, to maintain her national exist-
ence. She was then engaged in a war, prosecuted
by her under the greatest disadvantages. She was
engaged in a contest which, if not hopeless, was
at least doubtful. Under these circumstances, the
pledge-must have been understood as going no
further than I have described. It was a pledge,
in reality, of the surplus of her revenue, after j
meeting the necessities and the exigencies of the
State. .
By placing herself in this Union, ana by trans-
ferring to us theduty of protection, Texas relieved
herself of all her diplomatic, her military, and her
naval expenditures; and, as a consideration for
having thus relieved herself from these expendi-
States rests. These, I believe, are all the grounds
adverted to by the committee in their report upon
this bill. I believe I have alluded to every ground
which is considered agronnd of liability.
This.brings the matter upon the mere ground of
expediency. 1 am not now going to argue the expe-
diency of the assumption of State debts. I recol-
lect very well that when I first came into this body
the question of the assumption of State debts was
much agitated, and agitated in this form. It was
| charged upon me and my political friends that we
designed the assumption of State debts, and we
repelled the imputation. The question was, whether
we were chargeable with the imputation or not?
No man, I believe, advocated the measure; no
man proposed their assumption. I am not now
about to argue the expediency of 3iich a measure;
but, sir, 1 cannot help inquiring whether Texaa
herself has ever asked for this assumption? Is it
a measure which she proposes' or, on the other
hand, are we called upon now to volunteer to
tures, she yielded the power of raistng a revenue
by foreign imposts. But is her ability to pay her   ,
debts diminished by her annexation to this Con- ;; satisfy her debts, and become her voluntary ered-
federacy? On the contrary, is not her solvency j; itor? This seems to me to be the position m the
fortified ? Is not the security of her creditors made n( bill as it now stands. Sir, in common life I think
better? Is not, in short, her credit, her stock, ;; 1 should hesitate long before I would place myself
higher than if she had been left to prosecute the .] in this position, and I think, as a matter of expe-
war single-handed? Why, sir, itseems tome that :j diency, this Government should hesitate before
the arrangement by which she became a member I j_ placing itself in that position in relation to Texas
! of this Confederacy placed her and her creditors in if or any other country. _
an infinitely better position than they would have |i Sir, if we open the door, if a precedent of this
I been in if no such arrangement had been made, i; kind is established, the question whether we shalS
Unon what ground, then, can it be insisted that we !; proceed to assume all the debts of any or all the
I have taken from that republic either her capacity H several States of this Confederacy becomes a mere
or her means? Upon what ground can it be said ![ question of expediency. If the principle be yielded,
that we have disabled her from the performance of j. if the pieeedent be set, I repeat that the question
her obligations, and should, therefore, assume that >j whether we shall assume the debts ot Fennsyl-
performance upon ourselves? Upon what ground j| vania, New York, Mississippi, or Arkansas, be-
can it be urged that, by that arrangement, we have comes at once a mere question of expediency,
'I involving no t>rinrir)]e.
be concise, and I
g so, as everybody
ment, and therefore shall dismiss that point. |i doubtless perceives. [The honorable Senator was
■ Another ground suggest d by the committee in II evidently laboring under a severe attack of the m-
' their report is, that inducement to annexation was j; flnenza.] I am not disposed to delay action upon
i held out to Texas by an assurance that we would j: this bill. I am not disposed to weary the senate
! provide for her honor—bv which, it seems to be i j with a fine-spun, diluted argument. My purpose
' understood, is meant her"debts—by the instruc- || was simply to present, as concisely as was m my
tions given to the commissioners who negotiated !; power, an outline of the view which 1 have taken
the treaty of annexation. But, sir, it is to be re- |j of this subject, andl submit it to the careful con-
marked, that these instructions were never carried I
j out. They were never acted upon. No stipula- j
| tion or agreement grew out of them; and, what is j
more, Mr. President, we all know that if this j
; question of annexation had been left to rest upon j
! the negotiation of the treaty, we never should have
been troubled with the question of the payment of I
; these debts, and some other questions of far greater (
! importance. _ :
; Texas came into the Union with no qualification ,
or restriction, except, if I remember right, it was- !
; provided by the resolution of annexation, that she
should be still held responsible for her debts, and
retain her own public domain, putting herself, by
revenues, bona fide, to the extinguishment of this li the act of annexation, upon precisely the^ footing
debt, reserving to herself the control of her own
financial system, and reserving to herself the right
to levy that revenue in any way or manner which
to her wisdom might seem fit. If, therefore, she
lias made a contract, on the one hand, for the sat-
isfaction of these debts by the appropriation of her
revenue generally, and made a contract, on the
other hand, not to satisfy them in a particular
manner, there is no ground for the argument that
we have taken from her or her creditors anything
pledged to them. She is left to her public domain,
her internal taxation, her internal imposts, and to
every source of revenue to which the other States
of this Union now resort. -
There is another view of this subject. It may
be urged—indeed such an idea is suggested by the
report of the committee—that, by the arrangement
by the force -of which the power of Texas to levy
imposts is surrendered, her resources are dimin-
ished. Let us look at this subject for a moment.
All these pledges of revenue must be regarded as
subject/ to the necessities of national existence
and of national defence. No State, by pledging
its revenue, can be regarded as having surrendered
the means of sustaining its civil institutions, or
of protecting itself in its foreign relations. The
pledge, then, from the nature of the case, must be
nothing more than to apply such of her revenue
as would not be required for the necessary ex-
istence and protection of Texas to the satisfaction
which I have endeavored to describe. These in-
structions of the commissioners were never carried
out. The contract was never consummated. The
treaty was rejected, and the annexation effected at
last, not by the treaty-making power, but by a
simple act of legislation, which made that State a
sideration and sound judgment of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. Mr. President,
if no other Senator proposes to speak on this bill
at this time, I rise to make a brief reply to the ar-
guments of the honorable Senator from Vermont.
The committee by whom this bill was originally
recommended to the Senate were of the opinion that
it was due to the honor of the United States that
these claims should be paid. And the facts on
which the opinion was founded are briefly these:
These claims aiise from citizens of the United
States having entered into a contract, at the in-
stance of the Government of Texas, to build two
brigs and three schooners, and to furnish thern
with all the necessary equipments of war. Ine
contract under which they were built provided, it
I recollect right, that it was optional with thegov-
ernment of Texas to pay for the vessels on delivery
$300,000, or bonds in their currency, payable in
Texas, $,560,000. . .
The Government of Texas decided on giving
simple act ot legislation, wnicn inimc tutit oisic a . iiig uuvciitmwn   ^
member of the Confederacy, imposing upon her ;! their bonds for $560,000. The contract thus m
no qualification or restriction, no modification of
her sovereignty, except so far as that sovereignty
was limited and qualified by the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States. The question,
therefore, is simply this: What is the necessary
legal consequence of her annexation? I dismiss,
therefore, the argument derived from the instruc-
tions given to the commissioners who were charged
with the duty of negotiating the treaty.
Again, it is said that, in consequence of the an-
nexation, Texas transferred to the United States
the very property for which this debt was con-
tracted. Well, sir, she did so upon the simple
1 ground that, having comcinto the Union, she was
] incapacitated from maintaining a naval force. Was
; there any lien upon these vessels? Did theseclaim-
\ ants secure themselves in the outset by a lien on
j this property? No, sir; they were indeed the cred-
! itors of Texas, and their claim originated in the
building of these vessels; but did that impose any
obligation upon us to pay them ? If so, 1 have yet
to learn upon what principle of law or of equitable
law the claim of these petitioners against the United
! was authorized by a law of Texas, and the law on
its face authorized the Executive to offer, as an
inducement to the contractors, a pledge on the
currcnt revenue of the State, embracing every
variety of revenue; that which Texas was then
receiving or might receive from imposts or taxes
that which she might receive from a direct oi in
direct mode of internal taxation. On the i®'1" °
this pledge these vessels were built, and were ®
livered,and the bonds received. From that.ay
to this not one dollar of principal or interest a
ever been paid. Those who are acquainted wi
the history of Texa's, I am sure, will not con
vert the fact which I state, that perhaps ^ ie.\
no one thing which contributed more to the re g
nition of that State by the other Governmen
the world, and to satisfy them that iexas
able to maintain her independence, than the e
tion of this fleet; for, directly after this, several oi
1 the European Governments recognized^the
pendence of Texas, which the United R>tatesJ^
done before. Now, sir, the United States, when
I Texas was, in fact, an independent nation;
