1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Oliver Lee, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Israel Johnson, of Cass
county, Indiana;
A bill for the relief of Edward Myers;
A bill for the relief of William Gove;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Williamson;
A bill for the relief of Sarah White;
A bill for the relief of Polly Aldrich;
A bill for the relief of Amos Armstrong;
A bill for the relief of Edward Taylor;
A bill for the relief of Warren Raymond;
A bill for the relief of Philip Miller;
A bill for the relief of William, P. Yonge;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Bartlett Hinds;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Nehemiah
Stokely;
. A bill for the relief of E. B. Cogswell;
A bill for the relief of Jesse Sutton;
A bill for the relief of Henry Miller;
A bill for the relief of Lowry Williams;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Darius Garrison;
A bill for the relief of Staunton W. Gaar;
A bill for the relief of William Snavely;
A bill to confirm the title to section sixteen and
the west half of section twelve, in township three
north, range sixteen east, in Seneca county, Ohio;
A bill for the relief of Ira T. Horton;
A bill for the relief of Augustus Ford;
A bill for the relief of James Y. Smith;
A bill for the relief of James Morehead;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Presley Thornton;
A bill to provide for the payment of seven years'
half pay due to Sarah Ann Dye, who was the
widow of Lieutenant Jonathan Dye, an officer in
the army of the United States, and who was killed
in the battle of Brandy wine;
A bill for the relief of Abigail Stafford;
A bill for the relief of Robert B. Mitchell;
A bill for the relief of Josiah P. Pilcher;
A bill for the relief of Polly Damron, widow of
Charles Damron, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Kinney;
A bill for the relief of Mary G. Leverett;
A bill for the relief of Mary Buck;
A bill for the relief of William Whicher;
A bill for the relief of Francis Tribon;
A bill foy the relief of Edward Cole;
A bill to increase the pension of Henry Click,
of Cocke county, Tennessee; •
A bill for the relief of George S. Claflin;
A bill for the relief of David Towle;
A bill for the relief of Henry Childs ;
A bill for the relief of Isaac Downs;
A bill for the relief of Joseph D. Ward;
A bill for the relief of Giles London,;
A bill for the relief of Gardner Herring;
A bill for the relief of David Murphy;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Graves;
A bill for the relief of John Fohl;
A bill for the relief of Thomas L. Judge;
A bill for the relief of Satterlee Clark;
A bill for the relief of the president and direct-
ors of the Union Bank of Florida;
A bill for the relief of Lewis H. Bates and Wil-
liam Lacon;
A bill for the relief of William Milford;
A bill for the relief of Thomas H. Noble;
A bill for the relief of John Howe;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Abraham Hogebroom, deceased.
Subsequently, the foregoing bills were ordered to
be engrossed; and being engrossed, the said bills
were read the third time and passed, and sent to
the Senate for concurrence.
The Committee also reported, without amend-
ment, Senate bills of the following titles, viz:
An act to compensate John M. Moore;
An act for the relief of Creed Taylor;
An act for the relief of the forward officers of the
late Exploring Expedition;
An act for the relief of Joseph F. Caldwell;
An act for the relief of Thomas Douglass, late
United States attorney for East Florida.
Subsequently, the said Senate bills were read the
third time and passed, and returned to the Senate.
The committee likewise reported—
A bill from the Senate entitled (i An act to pro-
vide for the settlement of the claim of Henry Wash-
ington, late a deputy surveyor of the public lands
in Florida," with an amendment; which was agreed
to, and the bill as amended was read the third time
and passed, and returned to the Senate.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Nimrod Farrow and Richard Harris, reported
from the Committee of the whole House, on the
15th ultimo, with a recommendation that it do not
pass; when—
On motion of Mr, FLOURNOY; it was
Ordered, That the said bill be laid on the table.
Subsequently, Mr. FLOURNOY moved that
the vote by which the bill was laid on the table be
reconsidered; which motion was postponed fo,r the
present.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill for the relief of William Blake, reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the 22d
ultimo, with an amendment, viz: strike out the
words (i fourth day of July, 1817, the date of the
discharge from the service, up to the 14th day of
March, 1845, the day on which his pension was
allowed to commence,"and insert the words "time
of the completion of his evidence of disability."
The question on agreeing to the amendment was
put, and decided in the negative.
Mr. FULTON moved to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting—
That the Secretary of War be,and he is hereby, directed
to pay to William Blake, an invalid pensioner, the sum of
twelve dollars per month, from the 1st of January, 1846, to
the 4th day of September, 1848, and at the rate of twenty
dollars per month, from the latter period, during his natural
life.
Which amendment was agreed to, and said bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed; and
being engrossed, was read a third time and passed.
Ordered, That the Clerk request the concurrence of the
Senate in the said bill.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, of New York,
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the petition and papers of Mrs. Lydia Lock-
wood .
% The papers were thereupon delivered to Mr.
Hoi.mes.
And then the House adjourned.
The following: are the bills ohjected to in Com-
mittee of the Whole:
A bill for the relief of James Dixon—objected to
by Mr. Ficklin.
A bill for the relief of the widow and children of
Captain Robert Gray, the discoverer of the Co-
lumbia river—objected to by Mr. Atkinson.
A bill for the relief of H. M. Salomon—objected
to by Mr. Daniel. ' ^
A bill for the relief of Captain Lewis Warring-
ton and others—objected to by Mr. Daniel.
A bill for the relief of Edmund L. Du Barry—
objected to by Mr. Atkinson.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Cressy—objected
to by Mr. Daniel.
A bill granting pensions to the surviving petty
officers, seamen,, and marines, who, under the
command of Captain Stephen Decatur, junior, cap-
tured and destroyed the frigate Philadelphia,in the
harbor of Tripoli, on the night of the 16th Febru-
ary, 1804—objected to by Mr. Hammons.
A bill for the relief of Hubert H. Booly—ob-
jected to by Mr. Hall, of Missouri,
A bill for the relief of John Goulding—objected
to by Mr. Sawyer.
A bill for the relief of Oliver C. Harris—objected
to by Mr. Sawder.
A bill for the relief of J. W. Nye, assignee of
P, Bargy and H. Stewart—objected to by Mr.
Rockwell, of Connecticut.
A bill for the relief of S. B. Elliot, of the United
States navy—objected to by Mr. Lyntje.
A bill for the relief of William J. Turner—ob-
jected to by Mr. Kaufman.
An act for the relief of Nathaniel Kuykendall—
objected to by Mr. Strong.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Larkin Smith
—objected to by Mr. Daniel.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Manderville—objected to by Mr. Daniel.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of James C. Watson, of George—objected to by
Mr. Ashmun.
A bill for the relief of Orange H. Dibble—ob-
jected to by Mr. Daniel.
An act for the relief of James F. Sothoron-—ob-
jected to by Mr. Cocke. , .
An act for the relief of Commodore Foxall A.
Parker, of the United States navy—objected to by
Mr. Sawyer.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c. were presented under the
rule, and referred:
By Mr. GREELEY: Twenty-one several petitions of cit-
izens of the State of New York, praying Congress to pro-
hibit the introduction of intoxicating liquors into vessels of
the United States navy, except for medical purposes; of
citizens of Livingston county, New York, for cheap post-
age; of a Jarg« number of women of America, praying
Congress to oppose and abolish slavery wherever it* has
power.
ByMr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of Esther
Scolley for a pension, on account of the revolutionary ser-
vices of her husband. Also, of^AIrs. Connna Leavitt and
82 others, ladies belonging to the town of Wrentham, in the
State of Massachusetts, praying for the non-extension of
slavery, and for its abolition wherever Congre'>s has consti-
tutional power to abolish it. Also, of George William Boyd
and 38 others, praying that Congress will establish the mile-
age of its members by the nearest post loute.
By Mr CLARK, of Maine: The remon&lrnnce of James
Winchenbauch and 40 others, citizens of Friendship, against
the division of the Wnldoboro* collection district.
By Mr. BLANCHARD: The petition of Henry M..Wil-
liams and sundry other citizens of Centre county, in the
State of Ppnnsylvania, stating that the mimng and manufac-
turing interests of the State are greatly depressed, and
threatened with entne prostration under the low duties on
foreign goods under the present tariff, and praying for an
immediate modification of the present tariff, &o as to ie?tore
a home market to the farmers, and to lelieve the manufac-
turing interests from thtir present suffering condition.
ByMr. GR1NNELL: The petition ot R. B. Forbes and
other merchants and ship-masters of Bopton, asking that
buoys may be placed on the shoals oft' Nantucket, and a
screw-pile beacon upon the dangerous shoal off that island,
lately discovered by the United States coast survey. Also,
of John Reed, of .Yarmouth, Massachusetts, and other citi-
zens of that town, asking for reduced rates of postage and
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. MURPHY: The petition of Frederick A. Farley
and others, of Brooklyn, New York, asking for a reduction
of postage and the abolition of the frankmc privilege.
By Mr. BIRDSALL: The petition of 86 inhabitants of
Norwich, Chenango county. Now York, in favor of cheap
postage. Also, of Richard Reynolds, asking further consid-
eration of his pension claim.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 27, 1849.
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE LATE EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. STANTON rose and moved a reconsider-
ation of the vote by which the bill for the relief of
the forward officers of the Exploring Expedition
had yesterday been passed.
Mr. S. desired to explain the object of this mo-
tion, and the reasons which had governed him in
submitting it, and which he hoped would meet
with the favor of the House.
His object was to propose an amendment which
he had been directed by the Committee on Naval
Affairs to.offer, but which he had omitted to offer,
not supposing that the bill would have been passed
yesterday without objection. There was but one
commissioned officer of the Exploring Expedition
who had not been paid either by this bill or one of
the former bills which had been passed for similar
purposes. That officer was Lieutenant Cadwal-
ader Ringgold. It was for the purpose of in-
grafting this amendment upon the bill to which it
belonged, and thus of disposing of the whole mat-
ter in relation to the Exploring Expedition, that
he desired that the several votes by which the Bill
had been passed should be reconsidered. He pre-
sumed that very little time would be occupied in
the matter, and that there would be no serious
objection to it.
The question was then taken on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill had been
passed, and was decided in the affirmative without
a division.
So the vote was reconsidered.
And the question was then taken on the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the "bill had been
ordered to a third reading, and-was decided in the
affirmative without a division.
So the vote was reconsidered.
And the question then recurring on ordering the
bill to a third reading—
Mr. STANTON offered the following amend-
ment: * *
Sec. 2. Jind, be it further enacted, That the accounting
officers of the treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed, m the settlement of the accounts of Lieuten-
ant Oadwalader Ringgold, late commanding the United
