380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
ble by any of the officers of the Treasury Department, or
otfter" ofHcers of the Government; or in any case where
damages to individual property have been sustained by
reason of the act or order of any officer or person employed
by the Government, while such officer or person was in the
disehargp of a lawful duty; and the decision of said board
shall be final. But any such claim, when cognizable by
any accounting officer of the Government, shall be first pre-
sented to and settled by the proper accounting-officer; and
if upon such settlement the claimant be dissatisfied with the
decision, he may appeal to the board herein constituted,
and the proper officer shall lay before the board all papers
and facts on which he acted, with his decision in the case.
He said, let the jurisdiction of the board be con-
fined to cases of law and equity, and let it in these
be final, but let all other claims come to Congress.
Mr. S. briefly recapitulated the points of the
amendment, and remarked, that with some such
provision, he would cheerfully vote for the bill.
After some conversation on a point of order—
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the committee rise
and report the bill to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired of
the Chair if such a motion was in order whilst
amendments were pending?
The CHAIRMAN overruled that portion of the
motion which contemplated that the bill should be
reported with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. STEPHENS then moved that the commit-
tee rise.
And the motion having, by ayes 63, noes 55,
been agreed to—
The committee rose and reported progress.
And the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The fallowing petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred:
By Mr. PECK : The petition of Dorothea L. French and
46 others, of Hardwick, Vermont, against the extension of
slaverv.
Bv Mr. PALFREY: The petition of Mary B. Whitmore
and 98 others of Grfat Bamnglonj Massachusetts ; also, of
P. B. Fessenden and 35 others, of South Bridgeton, Maine,
severally piaving Congress to prevent the further extension
of slavery, to withdraw the protection of Government from
the American slave trade, and to suppress slavery wherever
Congress has competent jurisdiction. >
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 250 citizens of the
city of Auburn, N<jw York, for cheap postage.
By Mr, GOGG1N : The petition of 272 citizens of Alex-
andria, in Virginia, in favor of a reduction of postage. Also,
thfi petition of O. H. Piatt and numerous other citizens of
Windham couritv, in Vermont, in favor of the same object.
By Mr. CRANSTON: The petition of Thomas It. Hazard
and others, of the county of Newport, Rhode Island, praying
for the abolition of capital punishment.
By Mr. BINGH\M : The petition of thirtv-seven women
of the State of Michigan, in behalf of a million and a half
of their sex held in slavei y, that Congress would adopt meas-
ures to prevent the future extension of slavery, and that they
would suppress its existence over Mich portions of the coun-
try as they have entirecorittol. Also, the petition of Rev. W.
F. Connies and 138 others, citizens of the State of Michigan,
that a portion of the public lands be set apart for the educa-
tion of the colored race.
By Mr. TUCK . The petition of Elizabeth White and 233
others, ladies, praying Congress to prevent the extension of
slaverv, to withdraw all countenance of the Genetal Gov-
ernment from the slave trade, and to abolish slavery when-
ever Congress ho* power to do so.
By Mr. SLTNGERLAND: The petition of Amasa J. Par-
ker and 258 citizens of Albany county, New York, and the
taxable inhabitants resadins upon or near the proposed mail
route, praying Congress to establish a mail route from
Albany to Greenville and Durham.
By Mr. MUllPHY : The petition of Joshua R. Sands,
United States Nsfvy, prayinsr relief for expenses incurred
by him in carrying Hon. Wilson Shannon as minister to
Mexico.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of William McCarty
and 30 others, citizens of Northumberland countv, Penn-
sylvania, asking for a modification of existing revenue
laws, &c.
By Mr. WENTWORTH : The petition of citizens of Na-
perville, for a donation of land, to connect the Upper and
Lower Mississippi with Chicago.
By Mr. McILVAINE: The petition of William Whitson
and 102 others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to take immediate measures foi the abolition of slaverv and
the slave trade in the District of Columbia, and to prohibit
the extension of slavery into any territory now belonging to
the United States.
By Mr. WILLfAMS: The petition of citizens of East
of
Machms, Washington county, Maine, lor cheap postage.
Py Mr. K \UFMAN: The petition of James h. Rogers,
Texas, praying compensation for military services.
By Mr. EVANS, of Ohio; The petition of citizens of
Guernsey county, Ohio, in favor of cheap postage.
IN SENATE.
Monday; January 29, 1849.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, with a report of the Secretary of
State, in relation to the conduct of Commodore
Storer, of the United States naval service, off the
coast of Brazil, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate calling for such information; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, en-
closing a further report from Lieutenants Smith
and Hardcastle, and a map of the valley of Mexico;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memorial
from Horatio Hubbcll and J. H. Sherburne, ask-
ing aid in the construction of a telegraph commu-
nication across the Atlantic Ocean; which was
referred.
Mr. BUTLER presented a document from the
Chamber of Commerce of Charleston, South Car-
olina, containing resolutions expressing their grat-
ification at the progress made in the coast survey
under Professor Bache; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition from citizens
of Rhode Island in favor of a reduction of the rates
of postage, and the abolition of the franking priv-
ilege; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from citizens of
Moravia, New York, praying a uniform rate of
postage of three cents, the abolition of the franking
privilege, &c.; which was laid on the table.
Mr. CAMERONpresented apctition from 1,060
citizens of Pennsylvania, asking the passage of a
law for the immediate abolition of slavery and the
slave-trade in the District of Columbia. 1
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from
Charles Hallowell and 970 others, asking for such
a change in the Constitution as would lead to the
abolition of slavery throughout the Union, so as
to be consistent with the rights of every section
thereof.
The motion to receive these petitions was laid
on the table.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition from the
citizens of Maine, asking for a reduction in the
rates of postage, and the abolition of the franking
privilege; which was laid on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Margaretta Reneau, a half breed Osage;
which was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of John B.
White, Samuel D. Davis, and Mary Connelly, and
it was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to which was referred
the communication of the War Department relative
to the survey of the Valley of Mexico, by Lieu-
tenants Smith and Hardcastle, with a map, re-
ported the following resolution; which lies over
under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be authorized
to contract for lilhographing and printing 10,000 copies, for
the use of the Seriale, of the map of the Valley of Mexico,
from surveys by Lieutenant* Smith and Hardcastle, of the
United States Topographical Engineers, reduced from the
original, according to the projection to be furnished under
the direction of the Secretary of War, by the said Smith and
Hardcastle.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, made an adverse report on
the resolution of the Senate relating to the loan to
the State of Vermont of two field-pieces; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Joseph Watson; which was read
a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported a joint resolution allowing additional
compensation to military storekeepers; which was
read and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report on
the House bill for the relief of William De Buys,
late postmaster at New Orleans.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Committee on
Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Priscilla Decatur
Twiggs, niece of Stephen Decatur.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported House bill for the relief
•of the heirs- or representatives of Joshua Eddy,
with an amendment, and asked for its immediate
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. One word of explanation in reo-ard
to the facts of this case, as they have been conclu-
sively proved before the committee. Mr. Eddv
was a captain in the revolutionary war. After
having served1 some time he became insane, and
was sent home on furlough. By a resolution of
Congress, which passed in 1778, officers in the
condition in which Mr. Eddy was placed were en-
titled to bounty land and twelve months' extra pay"
Mr. Eddy remained insane. He disposed, how-
ever, by direction of his family, of his bounty
land, and never became aware that he was entitled
to extra pay. He Made application for commuta-
tion pay, but that application was refused, and he
never received anything more than the bounty
land. This bill is for the purpose of giving to his
heirs the extra pay to which he was entitled under
the act of Congress, and which he never received
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
reported to the Senate.
The question being on ordering it to a third
reading—
Mr. PHELPS. I have had so much to do with
cases of this kind that I feel bound to make an
inquiry of the committee, and that is, what evi-
dence there was before the committee to satisfy
them that the claim ought to be allowed?
Mr. RUSK. The evidence is this: There is
upon the records of the department no evidence
whatever that he ever received his twelve months'
extra pay. He became deranged while in service,
and went home, where he remained. Two of his
sons, who are men of high respectability, made
affidavit of the facts. It appears, that shortly after
his return home, a man of the name of Emory
called and made a purchase of his bounty land,
and something was said by Emory at the time
about his being entitled to receive commutation
I pay, as they understood it, and under that impres-
sion application was made for commutation pay,
but it was refused. He was entitled to receive
twelve months' extra pay, but not commutation,
and he did not obtain it, because his friends made
the wrong application.
Mr. PHELPS. This is but a small matter cer-
tainly, but it seems to me, sir, that it involves a
principle which we ought not to sanction, that of
relying upon the absence of evidence in the public
archives in respect to such claims as this. It is
now something like seventy years since this man
left the service, and we all know that within that
period the Treasury Department has been burnt
twice and the War Department once, and conse-
quently the vouchers respecting the settlement of
soldiers' claims are necessarily very imperfect. I
think there is no reliance to be placed upon a sim-
ple certificate of the Auditor that the voucher does
not appear upon the record, which will justify us
in determining that the claim has never been paid.
While I had the honor of being at the head of the
committee which was charged with the duty of
looking into these claims, we had repeated appli-
cations for arrearages. But the committee did not
think it safe to establish a precedent of this kind,
and they have uniformly, so far as I know any-
thing about it, refused to make the allowance upon
the mere want of evidence of payment heretofore
made existing in the public archives. There are
a great variety of cases in which applications of
this kind have been made, but the r,ule has always
I been observed by this body of disallowing such
claims, and I know of no reason why the Senate
should depart from it now. Indeed, all such claims
are barred by the statute of ^imitations, which
passed as early as the year 1797. In 1797 and
1798 an attempt was made to open the way for an
enlargement of the time in which such cases should
be permitted to be brought forward; but it did not
prevail. If we were to pass this bill, it would, I
think, be a very bad precedent.
Mr. RUSK. No reliance was placed by the
committee upon the absence of any proof in the
department that this cjaim had been paid; none
whatever. So far from that, there is in the de-
partment evidence showing that seven hundred and
eighty-eight dollars of pay is still due to this man.
The records in the Treasury Department, in the
Third Auditor's office, show this fact. So little
reliance did the committee place on the want of
evidence of any payment having been made, that
they directed that fact to be stricken out from the
report. The evidence that they relied upon was,
