1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B8B
Mr. ICING. There will be no difficulty, I ap-
prehend, in regard to receiving any amendments
after the substitution is made, precisely as they
might have been received and incorporated in the
original bill. The bill which is proposed to be
stricken out is still open to amendment, as is the
proposition that has been made by the Senator
v from Illinois. -But the subjects are now in the
possession of the Senate, and both are open to
amendment before taking the final question. I
cannot see that any difficulty Can arise.
Mr. WEBSTER. I do not think it is very im-
portant, but I understand that the question before
the Senate is to adopt the amendment now pro-
posed as an original bill, and that when this
amendment is inserted no modification of the ori-
ginal bill can be made. - I think it would be better
to take the question on the propositions to amend
separately.
Mr. BENTON. I concur with the Senator from
Illinois in regard to the mode of proceeding. The
Senator showed me his amendment, and we talked
the matter over. 1 prefer his substitute to the
bill originally reported by the committee. It was
thought that the proceedings would be expedited
by moving to substitute one bill for the other, in-
stead of making specific amendments to different
parts of the original* bill. It was thought that it
would be presenting the subject more intelligibly,
to draw up a new bill, that should be complete
from the enacting clause, than to offer amendments
to the various sections of the bill. It was not our
expectation that a vote would be taken upon it as
it is, but that the amendments which may be of-
fered by those who have charge of the original bill
would become the subject upon w.hich the Senate
would act in going on to perfect the amendment.
My idea is, that this amendment, being ottered as
a substitute for the whole biii, discussion may be
had upon it, and, if adopted by the Senate, it will
foreshadow the inclination of the Senate, and the
details may be afterwards arranged. The object
is to bring the subject before the Senate, that the
attention of Senators might be turned to it, and
final action had at an early day. We are now
ready to go on and endeavor to perfect the bill; but
if the Senator from New Hampshire is anxious to
proceed with the appropriation bill of which he
gave notice, I will not object to going on with that
bill in preference to this, retaining the right of pro-
ceeding with this bill as soon as the appropriation
bill has been disposed of, it being now printed and '
laid upon our tables. j
Mr. WEBSTER. It is a mode of proceeding !
that has never before prevailed, 1 think, m the
Senate; and it occurred to me that, if the substitute
weie adopted bodily, it could not afterwards be
modified.
Mr. ATHERTON. I move that the subject be
passed by until to-morrow.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say, that, in regard
to the question of amending thiis substitute, if it be
. taken as standing in the place of the original bill,
it may be Amended in the same manner as the ori-
ginal bill.
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until to-morrow.
INDIAN" APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in Committee' of the
Whole, the bill making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian De-
partment, and to fulfill certain treaty stipulations
with Indian tribes for the year ending the 30th i;
June, I860. * j;
Mr. ATHERTON said, in consequence of the |;
recent ratification of a treaty with an Indian tribe, '|
an amendment to this bill became necessary; he j!
therefore moved to amend by adding the following i:
Hems, which were agreed to: !i
Foi fuliilhng treaty with he Mfiiomomes ratified at the !:
present «u r-s>ion of Consrrc'ss, to wit:
For payment of the chiefs, to enable them to settle and
arrange the atf;ur  of their tube piepuratoij to their removal
to their new couutgv, (p<-r cfaut>e ol 4th aiticleof treaty
of lbth October, 1348.) ^0,000,
For paymentofthe inixeu biood, and in pjoportion to each
as the chiefs in <_ontu'ii and a eo.inmssionei to he appointed
by ihe President shall designate, (per 2d clause ol 4th arucle
of same treaty,)" §40,(,0J.
For payment oi OApenses of removal, (per 3d clause, same
aitielo and treaty,) x-20,000
For payment lor ->ul)-i5>tencefor one year after removal, (per
4th clause of same aiueie and tieatv.) £J0.00i).
For the tstdbii>hmt ot ol a manuul-jaboi school, the erec-
tion of a giist and saw-null, and other neces^iry improve-
ments, (per 5th clause of same article and ueaty,) $lv),089.
For the payment of improvements on the lands ceded, (per
8th clause ol same article and treaty,) $o,C0U.
For the someesand expenses of a commissioner to dis-
tribute the lialf-lne d land, (per -2d clause of &ame article and
treaty.) §2,0G0.
For expense-? of a delegation ot Indians to explore their
new country, (per 6tli aitiele ol same treaty,) ($4,000.
The amendment-was agreed to.
Mr. ATHERTON moved further to amend the
bill by inserting the following amendment, which
was agreed to:
Foi payment to the emigrant New York Indians who went
weat in the year 1845, their pioportion of the annuities due
the Senecas and the Six Nations oi New Ymk for that year,
to he reimbursed to the United State* when recovered from
Samuel 11. Bmeti, late ti.dsan agent, and his sureties,£-17fcS 6a.
Mr. ATHERTON moved further to amend the
bill by inserting the following; which was agreed to:
For compensation to an agent and two interpreters, for the
Indian tubes ot Texas, in audition to former appropriations
tor tins object, $3,000.
Mr. BELL said he was instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to report the following
amendment to the bill:
For earning into effect the tieaty of the 6th of August,
1&46, with the Cherokee*, m addition to the Minus heretofore
appropriated, the fuither sum ot one million two hundred
and thirty-one thousand lour hundred and twenty -tour dol-
lar and seventy-five cents. Th.it is to say, the Mun of
$586;3ys 46, to carry into eitectthe piovi.-ionsol the4Ui and
5th aitides ot the treaty ot the 6th ot August, 1S-16, with the
(Jheiokees; and the &.um ot 2J to carry into ellect
the 9th articlc of the &aid treaty with the Cheiokees.
Mr. ATHERTON. I hope the Senator will
explain the reasons for his amendment. If I heard
it correctly, it proposes to increase the appropria-
tions embraced by the bill more than a million of
dollars. The bill, as it camc from the House of
Representatives, contains the appropriations rec- j
ommended by the department for the fulfillment j
of the stipulations for various tribes. It contains, I
so far as I am aware, no alteration of the existing
law, but merely appropriations recommended by
the department for fulfilling stipulations contained
in treaties which arc the law of the land. The ||
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ten- ij
nessee contains an appropriation, or proposes an
appropriation, to the amount, m one instance, of
five hundred thousand dollars, and m the second
clause, of over six hundred thousand, making a
total amount of over a million of dollars; whilst the
whole amount contained in the bill, as it came
from the House, was only about eight bundled
thousand. I hope the Senate are not prepared to
vote this Jarge amount of money, in addition to
the other items contained in this appropriation
bill, without some explanation of the reason why
such amendment should be adopted, and the object
which it proposes to fulfill. 1 trust the gentleman
from Tennessee will explain the ground upon which
the amendment is offered.
Mr. BELL. The honorable-Senator from New
Hampshire has called the attention o¥ the Senate
to the fact that the amount proposed to be appro-
priated by this amendment is over a million of
dollars. The different items contained in the
amendment amount, I believe, together, to one
million two hundred and thirty-one thousand some
odd dollars. These Hems, the honorable Senator
stated, were not included hi the estimates of the
proper departments, reported to Congress as ne-
cessary for carrying into effect treaties with the
Indian tribes. That, I believe, is probably true.
No estimate has been made by the Secretary of
the Treasury oi of the War Department, so far as l
I am advised on the subject; and I suppose the 'i
reasons for the omission are to be found in the Jj
difficulty which has been felt heretofore in adjust- jf
ing the amount which ought to be appropriated to ||
carry into effect the treaty of 1346. The amount (j
proposed by the officer of the Government, the ,j
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, at the last session,
and transmitted to Congress for their guidance m <
making appropriations at that time, tell very far
short of what the parties interested—the Indian
tribes concerned in the treaty of 1846—supposed 'j
was fanly due them, according to the stipulations |!
of their treaty. The whole subject was submitted ''
to Congress, and it was referred to the Committee !'
on Indian Affairs of the Senate, and I presume of .!
the House also. The necessity for investigation ||
that was thrown upon the committee at the last ji
session, from the general terms m which the sub- j:
ject was committed, involved such a latitude of i|
inquiry that the committee found it would be mi- t!
possible, during the remainder ol the session—and, jj
indeed, during the enure session, if they had had j|
the whole session to devote to ft-—to have -investf-r
gated ail the accounts minutely, even if they l>a&f
no other business confided to their care. The com-
mittee, therefore, came to the conclusion that there
would be greater safety, not only to the treasury
of the Untied States, but to the Indians themselves,
that these accounts be referred to the general ac-
counting officers of the treasury who have judicial
functions conferred upon them by Congress for
the adjudication of such claims, as well as a large
amount of clerical force to enable them to investi-
gate the details of all those accounts. They ac-
cordingly reported to the Senate a resolution for
the purpose of carrying that conclusion into effect,
and the Senate ordered the Comptroller and the
Second Auditor of the Treasury to examine the
accounts which had been first presented to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and reported
against by him. Under that resolution of the
Senate, the Auditor and Comptroller fuund them-
selves unable to complete their report before ihe
adjournment, and with the acquiescence of the
Senate they were allowed the vacation in which to
make the investigation and lo prepare the report.
They hajl not finished the investigation into all
the items of expenditure in ail their classes at ihe
commencement of the present session, and, in
obedience to the request of the parties concerned,
the subject being referred to them again at the
, present session, the Committee on Indian Affairs
reported to the Senate a resolution calling on those
officers to make their report on the basis upon
which it.had been reported upon on a former occa-
sion by the Committee on Indian Affairs, taking his
classification of the different items of expenditure
as stated in his report, although it was believed by
the parties concerned not to be so favorable to their
interest as it should be, but, in consideration of
avoiding further delay, they consented to take that
basis. The Auditor and Comptroller have, under,
this resolution, reported what is due, taking as the
basis of their report the amount reported by the
Commissioner on Indian Affairs under the various
heads of expenditure, enumerated by him as being
comprised in the treaty of 1835. And the propo-
sition that is now submitted, under the direction
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, is the balance
found to be due to the various portions of the
Cherokee nation; that is, the sum of five or six
hundred thousand dollars due to the old settlers,
j as they are called, and six hundred thousand and
1 odd dollars due to the Eastern Cherokees, who
j emigrated under the treaty of 1835. Now, these
i are appropriations which are as proper to be ap-
I pended to this bill, as any other items that are for
' the purpose of carrying into-effectan Indian treaty,
signed, ratified, ummpeached, and which has now-
been an existing treaty between the United States
and the Cherokees since I84b\ i do not pretend
lo say it <is any fault of the Government for not
having made the calculation, because I am aware,
of the difficulties attending the adjustment of this
matter; but they have had now two years and six
months. We have had an elaborate report from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and the In-
dians, by their delegates, have finally agreed to
the report of the commissioner in regard to the
expenditure he has allowed under the treaty of
1835, as he believed them to be applicable. We
have had the judgment of the Comptroller of the
Treasury arid of«the Second Auditor, proceeding
on this basis as to the amount, but differing with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs as to the inter-
pretation of the treaty; and it is a question, there-
fore, not so much of figures as it is a question of
purely legal inquiry as to the interpretation of the
treaty of 1846.
I understand that there is not one hundred
dollars difference between the Comptroller and
Auditor and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
as to the amount expended. The only difference
between these classes of officers—between the
Commissioner and the Auditor and Comptroller—
arises upon the question of legal construction of one
of the articles of the treaty of 1846; and I ask the
attention of the Senate to the treaty, to see if there
possibly be any real difference of opinion here. I
will state, at the outset, m justice to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, that he has based his judg-
ment of the proper.mterpretation of the third article
of the treaty of 1846 more upon the construction
given carelessly by Congress upon a small ap-
propriation to pay a claim allowed to one of the
commissioners who were employed to negotiate the
