1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
the Auditor and Comptroller as the basis of their
action. But, he said, no argument, no reason is
given why that report should be adopted by the
Senate as the basis of their action; it contains
merely a barren, dry statement of figures. The
resolution passed at the last session referred the
•whole subject to these officers, but the joint reso-
lution of the Senator from Tennessee (continued
Mr. A.) undertook to alter the whole scope of the
law. It provided that the Auditor and Comptroller
should present a report of the sums due to the
Cherokee nation, thus setting aside the main du-
ties of the Committee on Indians Affairs. Now,
sir, it seems, under these circumstances, that we
are not called upon to take as our guide, and as
the basis of our action, this mere statement of
figures by the Auditor and Comptroller. The
statement is worth just as much as the reason?
upon which it is founded are worth. We do not
know what the reasons are, as they are not given.
The report of the Commissioner, however, goes
into an argument on the whole subject. That, Mr.
President, is my objection to taking- the report of
the Auditor and Comptroller as the basis of our
action.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I have be-
• fore me the joint resolution adopted by Congress
at the last session, and I desire to call the attention
of the Senate to its provisions. The resolution
adopted August 7, 1848, provides:
"That the pioper accounting officers of the Tseaeuiy he,
and thf'V fire hereby, required to mike a just and f:nr state-
ment of the claims of the Cherokee nation of Indians,
accoiding to the principles established by the treaty of
August, 1816."
" To make ajust and fair statement of the claims
of the Cherokee nation of Indians." The Second
Comptroller and the Second Auditor, who are the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury, have
not yet responded to that resolution, and herein, I
apprehend, is the mistake. The inquiry was made
whether we are now called upon to carry out the
decision of these officers to whom the question
was referred, and an answer which seemed to
imply the affirmative was given. I do not so under-
stand it. I find here before us a report of the Sec-
ond Comptroller and the Second Auditor, in com-
pliance with the resolution of the Senate, adopted
on the 10th of January instant; but these officers
have not yet reported in compliance with the joint
resolution.
The honorable Senator who had this matter in
charge at the last session selected a mode for the in-
vestigation of this subject, and that mode of investi-
gation was adopted by Congress, not merely by the
Senate, but by both Houses of Congress, and now
I want a report from these officers in compliance
with that act of Congress. I do not wish them to
state, or the resolution to say, {< see what your
award will be if you take a certain basis which
was not in the original resolution as your guide."
We asked them to make an investigation of these
claims, to examine this whole subject thoroughly,
and when their statements come in, they must be
accompanied by reasons, and then we shall be
prepared to act.
In this private statement, in response to the res- ;
olution of the present month, I find another matter J
which may claim attention in our appropriation of •
millions. They say, " what sums may be properly i
'allowed and paid under the treaty of 1835, and j
4 what sums are justly chargeable and to be de- !
' ducted, cannot now be ascertained.5' Thus the 1
Comptroller and Auditor who arc to investigate this
matter even after the resolution of the present
month, inform the Senate "that they cannot as-
certain what sums are chargeable, and to be de-
ducted. " And, further, in the letter from the
Comptroller, it is stated " on this very day a claim ,
was presented and allowed which was properly !
chargeable to this fund." I would admonish the
Senate that it should be careful how these appro- .
priations are made; whon at the last session an i
appropriation was made embracing forty thousand
dollars which had been paid once before to the ■
very Indians to whom it was then paid. I allude
to these matters to show that at the last session a
large sum was appropriated to discharge a debt
which had been previously paid. i
Mr. YULEE was understood to say that he ;
thought the Senator from Maine was mistaken in
regard to the payment of forty thousand dollars i
twice. He did not believe that such a mistake had .
been made. 1
Mr. BRADBURY. The honorable Senator i
from Tennessee slated, if I mistake not, that a
mistake of forty thousand dollars had been made,
and that that sum had been twice paid to the same
Indians.
Mr. BELL was understood to say that he did,
at one time, suppose that the mistake alluded to
by the Senator from Maine had been made; but,
upon a further examination, he found that he had
been led into error himself—that no such mistake
had been made.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I have but
a few more words to add to what I have said. I
am very happy to find that the report in relation
to this money having been twice paid was a mis-
take; but I wish to say that I think that where
such large sums are to be appropriated, we should
examine the matter with great care. I hope that
this subject will be allowed to lie over until to-
morrow, in order that we may have an opportunity
of giving it further examination.
Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, there was
one point which I forgot to mention in my reply
to the Senator from Connecticut, which is this:
Oneof the items ($600,000) embraced in theamend-
ment of the Senator from Tennessee has not been
reported upon at all by the Auditor and Comptroller,
as I understand the matter. They say nothing of
it whatever. They interpreted the resolution un-
der which they acted as authorizing them merely
to inquire into the claims of the Cherokee nation;
and they considered the Ross party as the Chero-
kee nation, and refused to take into consideration
the claims of the party known as the Old Settler
party: therefore the larger part of the amendment
of the Senator from Tennessee has not been re-
ported upon at ail by the Comptroller and Aud-
itor.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, as the Senator
from Maine has adverted to the injury that results
from hasty legislation on subjects of this kind, and
has at the same time leferred to an error that is
said to have occurred in a settlement made with
reference to Indian claims heretofore, I beg leave
to make one remark.
At the last session of Congress we were called
upon to appropriate something like two hundred
thousand dollats—a little more than that amount,
I think—for the benefit of the Crefk Indians. It
was alleged at the time, I believe, that the amount
had been previously paid to the State of Georgia,
but in fraud of the law, and hence the United
States were bound to pay it for the benefit of the
Indians. Now, I undertake to say, relying upon
information which I have received, that theie was
an error of forty thousand dollars made in the set-
tlement, and that this forty thousand dollars has
been paid three times on account of errors growing
out of that very transaction.
Mr. BERRIEN, (interposing.) The Senator's
expression is too strong. He says that this money
was paid to the State of Georgia "in fraud of the
lav/." This is not so. No money has been paid
to the State of Georgia in fraud of any law. The
money was paid to citizens of Georgia upon the
recommendation of commissioners, who were ap-
pointed to examine and adjudicate the claims.
Mr. BRIGHT. The factsof this rase, as I un-
derstand them, are as follows: The United States, !
in a treaty with the Creek Indians, undertook to .
pay so much for their lands. It was further stip- j
ulated that a certain amount should be retained to :
pay for spoliations perpetrated upon the citizens ,
of'Georgia. j
Mr. BERRIEN. Not the State of Georgia. i
Mr. BRIGHT. Citizens of Georgia. '
Mr. BERRIEN. Yes; citizens of Georgia.
Mr. BRIGHT. Upon an investigation of the
amount of the dairns, it turned out to be less than
was anticipated at the time the treaty was made.
Georgia claimcd the benefit of the amount remain-
ing in the treasury of the United States, and under
an order made by President Jackson it was paid.
These I understand to be the facts in relation to
the matter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, was understood to
say that this money was paid to the State of
Georgia under art order from the Attorney Gen-
etal, and that the State was not responsible for the
amount paid her. It was p^id m pursuance of an
act of Congress, and under the instructions of the
then Attorney General. As for the forty thousand
dollars which, it is averred, was paid by mistake
to the Creek Indians at the last session, but which
payment, he thought, wa3 made bona fide, he con-
sidered now, as he did then, that the amount thus
appropriated at the last session was a donation to
the Indians to the full amount. He considered
that the amount paid to the State of Georgia hy
virtue of the act of 1834, was a full discharge of
all the claims which the Indians had against the
State by virtue of the treaty out of which the
claim grew. These, he said, were the circum-
stances under which the appropriation Was made
during the administration of General Jackson, and
the appropriation made at the last session was
made with a full knowledge of all these facts.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, it is not import-
ant to the purpose which I have in view to decide
whether the State of Georgia or the Indians were
entitled to the amount paid. I rose merely to say,
what is admitted, that the State of Georgia has
received the amount, and that the Creek Indians
subsequently claimed it. Congress decided that
the payment to Georgia was in violation of. the
treaty, and good faith required that it should be
paid to the Indians; consequently, a bill was passed
at the last session authorizing the payment of the
sum of forty thousand dollars to the Indians. Thus
it is clear tliat the amount has been twice paid.
Now, what I wish to say is this: I have learned
from one of the officers of the department that be-
tween the time of the payment made to the State
of Georgia and the passage of the bill at the last
session authorizing the payment of this sum to the
Indians, a forty thousand dollar item had been paid
to the Indians, which would be a payment of the
sum of forty thousand dollars three times on the
part of the United States, growing out of that
transaction.
I refer to this merely for the purpose of showing
the evil and injury that results from the appropri-
ation of half a million out of the treasury without
a thorough understanding of what the appropria-
tion is made for on the part of every gentleman
who votes.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, for fear that the
remarks of the gentleman from Indiana should
make an impression upon honorable Senators, I
beg leave to make an explanation. I admit that no
Senator should vote for any amount of appropria-
tion, whether it be five hundred dollars or five
hundred millions of dollars, without understand-
ing what he is doing.
But with regard to the statement of the honor-
able Senator over the way, I believe that he was
present at a conversation between myself and the
Secretary of War upon this subject. I had learned
that the forty thousand dollars that had been voted
to the Cieek Indians at the last session was not a
part of that which was in dispute between Georgia
and the Indians, but a distinct item. The Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, in both Houses of Congress,
had sanctioned the appropriation, and both Houses
of Congress had sanctioned it, and that after the
Committee on Indian Affairs had called on the de-
partment to enlighten them upon the subject, and
to show them whether the money had been paid or
not. After every investigation had been made,
with all the care which the committee could bestow
on the subject, I yet learned that wc had made a
mistake, and had agreed to pay the Creek Indians
forty thousand dollars which they had long since
received. The discovery was made subsequent to
the passage of the act of the last session, by the
vigilance of the accounting officers, who found
some error made prior to the appropriation, and it
was further reported to me that the delegates of
that tribe who came here and made application for
that appropriation must have been aware, from
personal knowledge, that the sum had been previ-
ously paid.
Sir, 1 felt indignant at the idea that we should
be imposed upon for any amount under such cir-
cumstances; and, having occasion to visit the
department upon other business, I expressed my
indignation at the imposition, and my strong sense
of the necessity, if we had any means of doing so,
of punishing such frauds upon Congress. But I
have subsequently pursued this iiuestigation, and
have learned that no evidence has yet been found
which proves that this money was previously paid
to the Indians. Therefore, the honorable Senator
from Indiana was mistaken, as well as myself;
and I will say, that although I have since assid-
uously pursued the inquiry, there is no reason yet,
so far as 1 have been able to ascertain, for sup-
posing that we have been imposed upon in this
matter.
