888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan, 29,
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I desire to >
make but a very few remarks upon the subject !
now under consideration. Having been a member i
of the committee which investigated this subject, I (
deem it my duty to say that my mind is perfectly j
satisfied that the claim is a just one, and ought to j
be paid. I have not been in the habit of urging: |
claims upon the consideration of this body, nor j
have I any disposition to vindicate the rights of !
the Indians beyond what I think is proper and !
just. !
It is very remarkable that extraneous matters \
should be introduced into thi3 case for the purpose j
of producing difficulty or hinderanre in the ad just- i
ment of a lawful claim existing1 against this Gov- j
ernment. It is a very easy matter for officers at
the head of departments to throw impediments, by ,
suggestions, unwarranted and untrue in themselves,
in the way of the adjudication and passage of just
claims by this body. For instance, in relation to j
this sum that has been paid to the Creek Indians, j!
improperly and fraudulently paid, or paid as you |!
please, or not paid at ail, a rumor is circulated by ;
some one in the department, charging- upon the "
delegation of Indians that came here to have the );
claim adjusted, that they applied for the money
and obtained it with the full knowledge that it had !]
been already paid; and, further,it is stated by this \\
same rumor—and it is an instance of remarkable jj
and most extraordinary sagacity—that the head of j|
the Indian Bureau detected this error, but unfor- j;
tunately this sagacious and vigilant gentleman did ,j
not detect the mistake unul it was too late to rec- j1
tifV It.
Well, now, if this be true, these Indians must ji
have been very sagacious indeed to have believed :
that the records would be falsified, and that they
would be successful in getting their claim allowed, j
although it had been once paid already, before the j'
discerning and sagacious head of the department ;■
would be ab!e to detect the fraud. If these Indians |.
accomplished all this, they certainly deserve a ':
great deal of credit for their smartness. But, sir, [.
this happens not to be a case of that kind. It is
manifest that these Indians have a just claim arising |
under the treaty with that tube, and the treaty i'
provides the manner in which it shall be disposed I1
of and paid to the different classes of the popula- j1
tion, because there was the "Old Settler" party and 1;
the "Emigrant" party, and this happens to be the j'
"Old Settler1' party, or the party of Old Settlers, r
Now, sir, how are we ever to ascertain the j;
justness of this claim and the propriety of its pres- !,
ent adjustment? Is it to be done by every Senator i1
looking over a file of vouchers and documents? !
Will any Senator take the trouble to do this? Will '
the honorable gentleman at the head of the Com- >
mittee on Finance take tlmt trouble upon him to !
arrive at the conclusion as to the justness or un- ,
lawfulness of this claim? It seems that this busi- ;
ness has been accumulating for years, in order to 1
give every Senator sufficient time to look over ;
every voucher, so as to enable him to arrive at an
accurate conclusion as to the precise amount due ;
in every case. I consider the resolution referring |
this whole matter to the proper accounting officers :
of the Government as not only wise, but efficient,
if due credit be attached to the action of the officers
or the attention of the committee. !
It appears that the settlement was made by two j1
highly respectable accounting officers—one of s
whom, the Comptroller, was concerned in the 't
negotiation of this treaty—and they had reported j'
their views of the construction of the treaty, which i
accompanied it on its presentation to the President, !
after it had been negotiated. The other officer, j
the Auditor, is a man who thoroughly understands
his business, and who accorded with the Comp- |>
troiler in his opinion upon this treaty; and the \\
opinion of Mr. Burke, the other commissioner, |!
also corroborates this very construction, which is ''
the same as that placed upon it by Mr. Parris, jj
who originally made a report upon this subject to !j
the President, and which construction was con* ]■
firmed by Attorney General Clifford when it was J;
referred to him. An opinion had also been given j
on the treaty of 1835 by Mr. Butler, Attorney '
General; and all these opinions are concurring
testimony in favor of the appropriation asked for. !i
There is no discrepancy in the opinions of all these j
men, but this claim is sustained by them; and that !|
evidence, as well as the treaty, was before the com- i'
mittee when they came to this resolution. They A
1 to its passage. There was not a dissen- 11
tient voice in the committee. It is unnecessary,
as the time is far spent, to make any further re-
marks upon this subject. I am satisfied that there
was never a more just claim before the Senate,
j The question is, whether these Indians are to be
i harassed by delay, and put to the expense of send-
! ing delegations here from year to year, and em-
' ploying individuals to bring their claims before
Congress, or whether the Senate will, in good
, faith, pay their just demands against this Govern-
ment?
The question being on the amendment—
1 Mr. ATHERTON culled for the yeas and nays,
' which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton,
Antler, Ooiwm, Davn of Massachusetts, DaWon,
I)odae of Iowa, Fifzireiald, Greene, Hannman, Houston,
Jones, Metcallo, Miiloi, Nnes, Phelpn, Husk, Sebastian,
Sjnuanee, Umiei wood, and Upham—*13.5.
NAYS—Messr*. Atnerton, Borland, Bradbury, Bright,
Uavis of Dickinson, Dix. Fitzpacnck, Johnson
of Geoigia, Kum, Mason, Sturgeon, and YVesteott—1H.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was tiien ordered to its third reading,
and, by unanimous consent, was*read a third time
and passed.
And the Senate adjourned.
all
I HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
! Monday, January ^9, 1S49.
j The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
1 RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. POLLOCK asked the general consent of
the House at this time to take up and consider the
following resolution heretofore offeied by him,and
which being objected to, iiad gone over by the
rule;
Resolved, That House bill entitled tsA bill to set apart and
pell to Asa Whitney, of New York, a portion of the public
land*, to enable Imn to constructs railroad from Lake Mich-
igan to the Pacific Ocean/5 be made the special order for
the 1st Tuesday in February next, and continue from day to
day until disposed of.
Several objections having been made—
Mr. POLLOCK moved that the rules of the
House be suspended, for the purpose of consider-
ing the resolution at this time.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker,
whether this was not the day set apart by the
rules for the call of the States for resolutions3
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. PoLrocK] had a right to move a ,
suspension of the rules. :
Mr. POLLOCK gave notice that if the rules ,
were suspended, he designed to offer an amend- ■
ment to the resolution.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of the Speaker i
whether the resolution was debatable?
The SPEAKER said the resolution was not yet :
before the House. " '
Mr. KAUFMAN made a .'remark which was
not heard at the reporter's desk.
The question, "Shall the rules be suspended?" !
was then taken, and decided in the negative with- '
out a division. !
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso- .
lufion was not received.
POSTAGE. ;
Mr. EMBREE asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution: i
Resolved, That the House will to-davatone o'clock resolve i
itself into Committee of tli« Whole House on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up and considering '
House bill to reduce the lates of postage on letters and ;
newspapers, to establish uniform postal charges, and to cor- j
rect abuses of the flanking privilege. I
Objection having been made— I
Mr. E. moved a suspension of the rules for the :
purpose of enabling him to offer the resolution.
Mr. C40GGIN moved the previous question,  
(not now in order.) j
Mr. G. asked for the yeas and nays, which were I
ordered. ,=
Mr. COLLAMER desired to inquire of the '
Speaker what would be the effect of the resolu- i
tion (if adopted) upon orders already made, and
upon the appropriation bills? j
The SPEAKER said, that would depend upon f
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole on \
the state of the Union, which would decide its I
own points of order. §
Mr. COLLAMER said, he did not desire to f
create any trouble about the resolution. He mere- j!
ly wished to know its effect. |
i Mr. GOGG1N supposed, he said, that the effect
. of the adoption of the resolution would be to sus-
i pend all the orders of the House.
Mr, COBB, of Georgia, called for the reading of
, the resolution, which was again read.
; And the question, " Shall the rules be suspend-
j ed" was then taken, and decided in the affirmative
; —yeas 120, nays 47—as follows:
! YEAS—Messrs}. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Barrmger Bar
; row, Belcher, Bingham, Bndsall, Blackuiar, Bowdon"
!, Boyden, Brady, Charles Butler, (Jnnbv, Claur/
I' Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, Williamson U.\V. Cobb'
,. Collamer, Collins, Conger, Crausion, Cusfield, Crowed'
i Crozier, Darting, Dickey, Eekert, Embree. Nathan Evans'
;; Fiuan, Farrelly, Fiflier, Flonrnoy, French, FuJion, Games'
, Gentry, Guiding?, Cosgin. Gott, Greeley, Giegory, Gnnnell*
!. Hale, Nathan K. Hail. Hammons, liarmanson, Henley'
Henry, Hilliaid, I«aac E. Holmes, Hubbard, Hudson. Hunt'
Jenkins, James H. Johnson, ICt-unon, D.mirl P. Km« La
S6re, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, Levin, Li<?on, Lincoln
; Lord, Ljnde, Maelay, McClelland. Mellvame, MeLane'
1 Job Mann, Horace Mann, Mar-h, iV]ar\in, Morris, Mulhn'
Murphy, Nelson, Palfrey, Fed^leo, Peck, Pendleton, Petrie'
: Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Ke\no[ds, RichauUon, Richey'
Robinson, Julius Rockwell, Root, St. John, S-uv\pr,
r perd, Shernll, Silvester, timart, Truman Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, Charles E. Stuait, Slrohm, Tailmadge, Tay-
■ lor, Thifoodeauv. Jacob Thompson, Richard \V. Thompson,
! Thurston, Tompkins, Tuck, Warren, Wentworth, Wick*
j Wiley, IViftianN, IVilwt, and Wilson—150. 7
NAYS—Mcfsr?. Atkinson, Baylv, Beaie, Bedinger, Botts
1 Bo\d, Rrodhead, William G. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Bun'
Cabell. Clingman. Howell Cobb, Darnel, Dickinson. Feather-
=fon, Fteedley, Flies, Green, Willard P. Hail, Hara!.=on,
Hams, George P fTou^ton. Triire. Joseph R. Inaer&oll, An-
drew Jolin.-on, Roheit W, Johnson, Georsie W. Jonep, John
W. Jones, Thomas Butler Kmir, Lalim, Lumpkin, McCler-
. nanri, McKay, Morse, Newell, Rhett, JoVin A Rockwell
i Stephen^, fttrons, Robert A. Thonijwon. Willmm Thomp-
son, Toombs, Venable, Vinton, Wallace, and YVoouward
—47.
So two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
■ were suspended.
' And the resolution being thus before the House-
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose to a point of order.
. The resolution, he supposed, was now before the
1 House, under the suspension of the rules. He
submitted that the resolution could not be enter-
tained, because the special orders which had here-
tofore been made by the House could not be se£
aside by a resolution of this character.
The SPEAKER. The House has settled that
question, by suspending all the rules.
Mr. COBB submitted that a suspension of ail
the rules could not suspend special ordeis which
had been made by previous resolutions. The very
object of making a special order was to put down
a particular subject for a particular time. And (he
was understood to say) these special orders could
only be set aside in a certain way—by a process
well known to the rules. This resolution did not
1 propose to postpone these special orders, but to
put them aside by a course unknown to the rules
or to parliamentary law. He submitted that the
Speaker should rule that the resolution was out of
order. If the Chair decided to entertain resolu-
tions of this kind, it was manifest that the whole
business of the House would be thrown into con-
fusion—
Mr. GOGGIN rose to a point of order. He
desired to inquire whether it was in order to dis-
cuss the consequences of the resolution?
Mr, COfiB. Wei!, if the gentleman is unwill-
ing to hear my reasons for the point of order, I
submit the point of order itself to the Chair. Does
the Chair overrule it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does overrule it.
Mr, CGBB. Then I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, in order that the House itself may de-
cide whether this mode of setting special orders
aside can be allowed.
Mr. VINTON called for the reading of the res-
olution; which having been again read—
Mr. Y. was understood to inquire of the Speak-
' er, whether the resolution did not set aside former
i special ©rders?
The SPEAKER said, the Chair could only re-
peat what had been stated some time since, that
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union must decide that question,
and that his decision could be voted on by the
committee. The House, by a vote of two-thirds,
had set aside all oi tiers to aJlow the resolution to
be introduced. The Chair could not overrule that
decision. A vote of two-thirds had been required
toallow the resolution to be introduced, and a vote
of two-thirds would be required for its adoption.
Mr. CO"BB suggested, that after the resolution
had been presented, it was for the Chair to decide
whether such a resolution could be entertained, and
for the House to decide whether it should or ought
