1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
to be passed. The resolution having been intro-
duced by a vote of two-thirds, he submitted to the
Chair whether it was in order?
The SPEAKER said that the resolution had been
presented by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Embree,] had been read for information, and had
been decided out of order. The gentleman who
offered it had then moved a suspension of the
rules. The rules had been suspended by a vote
of two-thirds, thus making that in order which
before was out of order. The Chair felt inclined
to rule, therefore, that the point of order of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] came too late,
and was itself out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, suggested that
any further debate would be unprofitable, and
would not, in all probability, change the decision.
He hoped the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb]
would not debate it any longer, but that he would
take his appeal, if he thought an appeal was neces-
sary.
Mr. COBB. The very object of an appeal is to
consider the propriety of the decision, and to have
it overruled if it is wrong. But I do not desire to
trespass further on the time of the House.
The question "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the fciouser"was then
taken, and, by ayes 115, noes not counted, was
decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
The SPEAKER announced the question now to
be on the adoption of the resolution, which (he
stated) would require a vote of two-thirds.
Mr. GOGGIN rose and moved the previous
question. [U subsequently appeared that the mo-
tion was not heard or entertained at this time.]
Mr. STRONG, of Pennsylvania, desired to
eubmit a question to the Chair. He supposed,
the rules of the House having been suspended,
they were still subject to parliamentary law. He
desired to inquire whether, under the parliament-
ary law, it was in the power of the House to order
that the House should, at some futuie time, re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would decide what
is the effect of the resolution after it is adopted.
The question is on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired if it was in
order to move to amend the resolution?
The SPEAKER replied that the resolution was
open to amendment.
Mr. COBB moved, then, to strike out all the
resolution after the word "Resolvedand insert
"That the bill"  
The SPEAKER interposed, and said he under-
stood that the previous question had been called by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Goggin.]
Mr. COBB. The previous question was called
at what time ? I understood 1 was recognized by
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide that
the gentleman who introduced the resolution is
entitled to the floor, if he rises and claims it.
Mr. GOGGIN reminded the Chair that he had
not introduced the resolution, but stated that he
had risen and moved the previous question before
the gentleman from Georgia had moved his amend-
ment.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Virginia did
not introduce the resolution*, and the gentleman
who didjnot having claimed the floor, I contend
that I am entitled to it, and I move the amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER said, the gentleman who intro-
duced the resolution not having claimed the floor,
the gentleman from Georgia was entitled to it.
Mr. EMBREE rose and claimed the floor, (m
virtue of having introduced the resolution,) and
moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER.. Did the gentleman from In-
diana claim the floor before the gentleman from
Georgia made his motion?
Mr. EMBREE replied that he did not?
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Cobb,] then, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB moved to amend the resolution so
as to strike out all that part which made the bill
the special order for this day at one o'clock, and
insert, u be made the special order of the day for
to-morrow."
Mr. GOGGIN moved the previous question;
"which was seconded.
The main question was ordered, being first on
the amendment of Mr. Cobb.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and
having been taken, resulted—yeas 70, nays 116,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bavly, Be^Ie, Bedmger, Bocock, Botts,
Sovvlin, Boyd, B rod head, William G. Brown, Albert G.
Brown, Burt,Cdtheait, Beverly L. Clarke, Cluigrtian, Howeil
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Dunel, Datlmg, Dickin-
son, Duer, Dunn, Keathir&ton, Freedley, Fries, Green,
Willard 1'. II.ill, KaiaSon, H.trmanson, Harris, Henley,
Hill, George S. Houston, Inge, Iver&on, Jenkins, Andrew
Joiirihon, James H. Johnson, Robprt W. Johnson, George
W. Jones, La Sgre, Lir.npk.in, MeKay, Job Mann, Meade,
Morehead, iNcweJl, Outlaw, Feck, Preston, Rhett, Rich-
ardson, Bocktnll, John A. Rockwell, Sawyer, Simpson,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Charles E. Stuart, Strong-
Taylor, Rui'anl W. Thompson Robert A. Thompson, WjI,
ham Thompson, Toombs, Turner, Venablc, Vinton, Wal-
lace, and Woodward—70.
NAYri—Me^rs. Abbott, Aduns, AsJimun, barnnger,
Banow, BHeher, Bingham, Bird-all, Boyden, lirad.s, But-
ler, Cabeli, Canby, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Coliamer, Col-
lins, Conger, Crisfiuld, Crowell, Crozter, Dickey, Dixon,
Dontiell, Edwards Einbree, Nathan Evans, Fa ran, Farreily,
Fi&lier, French, Fulton, Gaines, GayJp, Gentry, Giddui«s,
Gogt;in, Got), Greeley, Gregory, Grinneil, Hale, Nathan K.
Hall, hhnnmons, J.nnesG. Hampton, Henry, Ililtmrd, Isaac
E. Holmes, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Jo-tph R. lu^ersoll,
K/iuhnan, K<*nnon, Thomas Bullet King, Daniel P. King,
Lahm, William T. Lawrence, Sidney Lawrence, Lolflei,
Le\w, Ligon, Lmculit, Lord, Lynde, Nlaelay, McCiernand,
Mellvaiiie, McLane, Horace Mann, Mat^h, Marvin, Miller,
Morris, Mullm, Murphy, Nel-on Paltrey, Pe.is.lee. Pendle-
ton, Petrie, P«*yton, Pil-lmry, Pollock, Putnam, lle\nobis,
Riehey, Robinson, Julius Rockwell, Root, Si. John, Scbcnck,
Shepperd, Shernll, Silvester, Shticcriund, Smart, Truman
Snath, Staikwiathei, Andrew Stewart, Strohm, Tallmadge,
Thiboaeaux, Jame* Thompson, John B. Thompson, Thuis-
ton, Turk, Van Djke, Wairen, Wuntwoith, White, Wick,
Wiley, Williams, Wilmot, and Wilson—J1U.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question lecurring on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for tellers; who
were ordered—Messrs. Vexable and Fulton—
and the question being taken, they reported ayes
9G, noes 61.
So two-thirds not voting m the affirmative, the
resolution was not adopted.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
Mr. TALLMADGE appealed to the House to
allow him to introduce a resolution, which, he
said, being the only thing which had been asked
for our commercial metropolis at the present ses-
sion, he trusted would receive the unanimous sanc-
tion of the House.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the bill to establisn a branch mint m the
city of Xew Yor< Ikj nude the special order toi the fir&t
Tuesdav in Ft bi nary next, and continued from day to day
until finally disposed oi, Fridays and Saturdays excepted.
Objections being made—
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to suspend the
rules for the reception of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and
being taken resulted—yeas 141, nays 48—as fol-
lows;
YEAS Messrs. Abbott, A*hmun, Barrow, Bayly, Bedm-
"er, Bingham, Birdsaii, Blaekmar, lijanchard, Bocock, Botts,
Bovvdon, Binvliu, Boyd, Bridges, William G. biown, Aibeu
G. Br " ~
Claik.
son
Darling, — ,
Evans, Faran, Feathms ton, Fi.-lu-r, Fiench,-J1 ne-, i-ulton
G,lines, Gayle, Gentry, Gott, Green, Giceley, Giegoiy, Grin
nell, Hale, Willaut P. llall, Nathan K. Hall, llannnuns,
James G. Hampton, Haralson, li.umansou, Harris, licnley,
ilemy, Ililliaid, Isaac E. Holmes,Ehas B. Holmes, Hubbard,
Hunt, luge, iveison, J"nkvms, James il. Johnson, Ivautnian,
Kellu^,^Lalun, l.a bere, William T. Lawlenee, Sidney
Xjawieaee, Lc lil'.r, laijuii, land, Lumpkin, I.yndc, Maelay,
McClelland,McCiernand, VIcKav, McLane, Marsh, Marvin.
Meade, Miller, Mums, Mullin, Muipliy, Nelson, JJewcll,
Peaslee, l'cck, Pendleton, Petrie, Pusbui>, Putuain, Rey-
nolds, P.liett, Kiehairisen, llicliey, llobinson, Rocklnll, Jolm
A. Rockwell, St John, Shemll, Silvester, Simp on, SIih«-
erland, Smait, llobcrt Smith,Truman Smith, Stanton, Sla. k-
weathei, (Jharlos L. Stuart, Stiohin, Talhnadge, Tajlnr,
Jacob Thompson, Hubert A. Tliompsou, William Thompson,
Thurston, Tuck, Tumor, Van Djke, Venable, Wallace,
Warren, Wentvvorth, White, Wick, Wiley, William <5 VYil-
mot, and Wilson—141.
NAYS— Mes-rs. Adams, Atkinson, Bairmger, Boyden,
Biady, Charles Brown. Gollamei, Cianston, Crozter, Ulck-
inson, Eckcrt, Fanelly, Flouinov, Piecdley, Goggin, Hill,
George S Houston, Joseph R. Imrersoll, Andrew Johnson, I
George W. Jones, John W.Jones, Kennon, Daniel I'. King, ,
Levm, Lincoln, Mcilvame, Job Maim, Hoiacc Mann, Out-
law, Palfrey, Peyten, Pollock, Preston, Julius Rockwell, |
Roman, Sawyer, Sclienck, Sheppeid, Stephens, Strong,
Thiliodeaux, James Thoinp.-on, John IS. Thompson, Tomp-
kins, Toombs, and Woudwaid—48.
So two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the |
rules were suspended, and the resolution was re- j
ceived.
The question then being on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. TALLMADGE moved the previous ques-
tion.
And there was a second; and the main ({uestion
| was ordered to be now taken, and, having been
i taken, the resolution was adopted,
i BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE,
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked leave to
| offer the following resolution:
j Resolved, That on each Thursday during the present &es-
I sion, after the present week, the calendar of bills in Com-
| miltee of the Whole on the state of the Union shall be
i called over, and the bills to which no objection shall then
; be made shall be first considered, and then disposed of.
[ No objection having been made, the resolution
! was received, and, withoutadivision, was adopted.
I Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, but waived the motion for a moment,
at the request of
Mr. BOTTS, on whose motion it was
Ordered, That leave be 21 anted for the withdrawal from
the files of the Ilouse of the petition and papers of Sarah
JJavis.
The papers were thereupon delivered to Mr.
Botts.
NOTICn OF A BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, gave notice of a
motion for leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the issue of treasury scrip for one hundred dollars
| to Eliza Johnson, widow of Francis Johnson, late
j a soldier in the army of the United States in
I Mexico.
! The question was then taken on the motion of
: Mr. Vinton, and, by ayes 89, noes 40, was
agreed to.
THE MILITARY ACADEMY.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Ash-
mcn, of Massachusetts, in the chair.)
Mr. VINTON said that the next special order
was the Military Academy bill. He moved that
the committee proceed to its consideration. And,
by the permission of the committee, he would ex-
press the hope that it would sit to-day until near
four o'clock, in order to get through with this bill,
and also, if possible, with the pension bill to-day.
The committee thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy.
I The bill was read through, and was then taken
up by sections.
i [The Chairman rose informally, and the Speaker
1 resumed the chair, for the purpose of receiving a
j message in writing from the President of the Uni-
' ted States, by the hands of J. K. Walker, Esq.,
! his Private Secretary.]
Mr. BEALE obtained the floor, and proceeded
to address the committee at length.
He said that he should offer no apology for at-_
tempting on this occasion to allude to subjects which"
had no immediate reference to the bill now under
the consideration of the committee. He had thus
far, during the entire session of this Congress,
been content to leave, as the only record of the
opinions he had entertained on the various sub-
jects which had engaged its deliberations, his silent
votes. And he would have preferred to have
adopted that course until the close of his term but
for the necessity which was imposed upon him of
departing from it, or of silently acquiescing in con-
structions and interpretations of these votes, the
justice of which he could not acknowledge. There
had been a time when he would have been happy
to have offered some few remarks in reply to the
proud defiance which had been thrown out in a
speech delivered m this House during the last ses-
sion of Congress by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] in defence of the course which
his sense of duty compelled him to pursue m rela-
tion to the bill commonly known as the compro-
mise bill. The time had been also when he (Mr.
B.) would have been happy to have noticed some
of the remarks of an honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hudson,] in which odious
comparisons were instituted,and dogmatical anath-
emas pronounced against the State which he (Mr.
B.) had the honor in part to represent on this floor.
These things, however, had passed The consid-
eiation of the arguments of these gentlemen would
require the entire limits of the hour which the
rules of the House allotted to him, and he had
risen upon this occasion for a different purpose.
