39%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 29,
fessorships of chemistry and engineering already |
existing in ^at institution, were sufficient to im- ;
part alf the necessary information upon the subject
of mining. He was friendly to the institution, and i
desirousaof seeing its interests fostered and pro- >
moted by the Government; and he would say to
the advocates of this proposition, that if they de-
sire to see the interests of the Military Academy
protected and promoted, it was not good policy to i
load down the bill making appropriations for its ,
support with amendments of such a character. He ;
would submit it to the candor of any gentleman— ;;
though there might never be established in that
institution a distinct professorship of mining— I
"whether any young man who might be educated
there, after the regular course of instruction in
chemistry and engineering, might not readily make
himself acquainted with everything necessary to
become a safe miner.
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, said the very <
fact of the amendment being suggested, ought to
impress every one of its necessity at the present
time. Geology, engineering, chemistry, had noth-
ng to do with practical mining. The science of i
chemistry was applicable to the ore, after being
brought up from the mines. He desired the com- i
mittee to look for a moment at the necessity for ;
the establishment, in the only Military Academy j
of the country, of a practical professorship of this .
character. The Government sent annually into |
the public service some forty or fifty young men \
from this national seminary; and if there were ,
created there a professorship of mining—which
■would necessarily include mineralogy, geology,
and chemistry—who did not perceive the advan-
tage which it would give to those young engineers ;
by enabling them, as they might pass over the
country m "the capacity of surveyors and explor-
ers, to detect at a glance the presence of the pre-
cious metals, and to say, Gold is here, and silver 1
is here. Thus, the rich mineral treasures of the
whole country would be opened to the manage-
ment and control of the Government. In view of
the recent developments of the vastness of the min-
eral possession of the country, he insisted that
there never was a moment more propitious than .
the present for the establishment of such a profes- ,
sorship. Such a course of policy would give those
rich mines to the Government before they could :
be grasped by speculators. _ _ j
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, said he did not ]
know that he should vote for this amendment now,
but he rose to give his assent to the justice of the
motion. He supposed gentlemen did not very well
lenow what it was. He would remark that it was
not a new idea. One of the best scientific institu-
tions in the world was the School of Mines in
Paris, ft was to this institution that one of our
countrymen—a relative of one of the Senators from
South Carolina—had to repair before he felt him-
self competent to go into an examination of the
gold mines of Virginia. Thus it was, that, before
we could work successfully the mines of our own
country, we were obliged first to go to Europe to
learn how—to get information relative to practical
operations in mines. He had had some practical
knowledge of mining for years; and he had often
been made to feel and acknowledge, that a more
thorough knowledge of the subject would do them
good, even in Pennsylvania, where there was car-
ried on, perhaps, the most extensive mining busi-
ness in the country. He had no doubt that our
possessions in California and New Mexico con-
tained not only much gold, but other of the most
valuable mineral deposites in the world; and be
considered it very proper that the Government, in
order to eccure the benefit of these mines, should
impart the knowledge of working them to its
agents.
Mr. STANTON interrupted to inquire whether
at West Point, a course of instruction in geology,
mineralogy, chemistry, and engineering, did not
necessarily include mining?
Mr. BROWN replied, the student might be
thoroughly instructed in ail these branches, and yet
not begin to touch the subject of practical mining.
He might be thorough in all these, and yet not
know how to lay out a mine, or even how to expel
the gas. He might know how to assay minerals
of all kinds, and be able to classify them, without
any good knowledge of practical mining. Mines
were often ruined for want of proper knowledge
in their working. It was the object of the School
of Mines in Paris to impart this knowledge, and
he apprehended that such was the object in the es- >j
tablishment of the proposed professorship at West ;
Point. , . , i .i !i
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, desired to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether he would ,
be understood to advise the establishment of a
school of miners for the purpose of raising up sur- ;
veyors of private property ? . [
Mr. BROWN spoke only of mines belonging
to the Government. h
Mr HALL proceeded. He understood, then, ,
the object of the establishment of the professorship >:
to be that of raising up competent surveyors and ,i
explorers, for the purpose of examining into the :i
mineral wealth of the public lands. He believed j
that geological surveys by the Government were >
very proper. He had no doubt that large benefits ^
had been realized on account of their prosecution.
But he appealed to the committee whether the ;
subject should not go the Committee on Public j
Lands—a committee organised by the House, and |
charged with the special duty of looking into every
subject connected with the public lands before
being submitted for the action of the House? It
did appear to him that a subject of so much im-
portance should be examined and reported upon
by the proper committee. But ifit were proposed
to establish the professorship for the purpose of
raising up examiners of mines belonging to private
individuals, it might be just as reasonably proposed
i to establish professorships of agriculture, manu-
! factures, steam, and of all the great branches of
1 industry, which lay at the foundation of the wealth
1 and welfare of the country.
. Mr. VENABLE said he should vote for the
amendment, because he was a warm friend and
advocate of the West Point Academy. The effects
of that school had been altogether of the most
happy and gratifying character. From that insti-
' tution the Government had derived a large number
of educated men—men profoundly versed in sci-
ence and philosophy—whose influence had been
: brought to bear upon all the interests of the coun-
try, with the happiest results. He had supposed
' that the former opposition to that institution had
ceased since the war, which chronicled the deeds
of gallant daring by so many young men whom it
had sent out. He knew that it had been objected
to this institution, that young men, favorites of
members of Congress, would get their education
there, and retire to private life; but he never yet
heard of any trouble about hunting up those young
men, at any time when the Government needed
their services. No man ever supposed that there
was any less silver and gold in thecountry, because ,
1 some of it was manufactured into jewelry and ;
plate. Should the necessities of the country de-
mand it, the jewelry and plate would be changed
into coin for circulation. Even amongst those who
had retired, there were not wanting numerous ex-
amples where they had stepped forward to achieve-
ments on the battle-fields of their country, which
constituted many a proud monument of her glory
1 and renown. They furnished the country with the
, best and only safe substitute for a standing army.
Whilst danger was to be apprehended from the
! power of an army kept up in time of peace as a
lever by which the officers might combine and
; assail the rights of the people, the country could
i always look for efficient aid from well-instructed
! men m military service, who were thoroughly ifl-
i corporated in civil society. Whilst he would in
| no way detract from the renown of our gallant vol-
unteers, led by volunteer officers who had no pre-
vious military education, it was equally true that
much of their success was due to the scientific and
elaborate preparation made by thoroughly trained
officers. The wreath which was won by valor was
not the less brilliant because the gems of science
glittered amidst the leaves which composed it. In
order to make an accomplished officer, it was ne-
cessary first to make him a scholar. He should
be educated—instructed in all the learning of the
schools—in order to render suitable public service.
It was all-important that our engineer corps should
be men of this class. They should be practical men
m all the sciences, especially in mining. They
should be able to trace and tell us where all our
mineral deposites lie. He never believed in any
; half-way education. Knowledge was power; and
the man having the most information upon all sub-
jects was the most powerful man and the most
worthy man, if his heart was right. The literary,
scientific, and utilitarian world had been moat emi-
nently benefited by the researches of highly edu-
cated men belonging to the military and naval
establishments of Europe and America. Since the
cultivation of the military art had been associated
with liberal and practical science, some of the
richest contributions which have been made to the
knowledge of the world have been the result of the
peculiar advantages of military men for making
observations, and extending the area of scientific
observation. But the institution at West Point was
a military academy. It was no manual labor school,
no place to teach polemics, but a school of military
science—for instruction in all that pertains to mili-
tary operations, engineering, the mathematics,
chemistry, and whatsoever relates to the qualifica-
tions of young men who go forth with the commis-
sion of the Government, and who, were they sent
out as surveyors, would be able to detect at once
the presence of rich minerals over which they might
p£ss. Science should thus be made tributary to the
Government, and then the mines on the public
lands would not be so liable to fall into the hands
of speculators. For these reasons, he should vote
for the amendment.
Mr. McLANE was "understood? to inquire of
the gentleman who £rst proposed the professor-
ship, whether the officers of the academy had
been consulted in reference to the matter?
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL replied, that
having conversed freely with several gentlemen
I who were entirely familiar with the School of
: Miners in France, he was so impressed with the
' importance of the subject ns to be induced, on the
instant, to throw in the amendment, with the view
of testing the sense of the committee upon it. He
knew nothing further of the matter; but he be-
' lieved,had the suggestion been made in time to
the officers of the institution, that it would have
been cordially concurred in by them, and that the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
would have been written to in relation to the mat-
ter.
Mr. McLANE then said he could not vote
for the amendment, unless it could be put upon
grounds consistent with the wishes of the officers
and professors of the institution. He understood
the West Point Academy to be exclusively a mil-
itary institution; and he believed that all opposi-
tion to it would either be removed or rendered
insignificant, if Congress would take care to con-
fine^its sphere of operations to that fundamental
idea, and treat it exclusively as a military insti-
tution. Since the country had acquired the new
! Territory of California, he freely admitted that the
young men in the academy should be instructed
'! in mining; but he submitted to the gentleman front
j Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown,] whether, so far as
' military mining was concerned, the academy at
,! West Point had not now a professorship by which
I it was covered? and whether minerology and ge-
ology were not entirely covered by the professor-
'' ship of chemistry? As to the matter of instruction
in mining in that institution, so far as the subter-
ranean operations were concerned, they came un-
der the supervision of a gentleman who had de-
voted his whole life to the subject. There could
be no more thorough instruction in military mining
than that which was now imparted at West Point.
■ As a friend to that institution, he could not dis-
charge his duty by voting against the amendment,
I without declaring, at the same time, his belief, that
i practical mining was already taught there as thor-
oughly as was necessary for military science. No
I gentleman could desire to carry the science of
i mining beyond what was now actually taught
I there. These professorships in the schools of Eu-
' rope were connected with military science; and
wherever they were found in civil institutions, they
looked to the science of assaying metals exclu-
sively. Now, if this proposition to establish a
1 professorship of military mining were to be adopt-
ed, it would be equivalent to saying, that the pro-
fessorship of engineering was too much occupied
with other duties. He could not vote for it, (al-
though he freely admitted its importance,) so long
as he knew that military mining was now thor-
oughly taught, nor so long as instruction in geol-
ogy and minerology were embraced in the pro-
i fessorship of chemistry.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, desired to ask a
question of the honorable member from Maryland,
: whose views always had great weight with him.
■ He desired to know, in connection with the prop-
I osition to establish an additional professorship in
