1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
the West Point Academy, whether it would no.t
be desirable at this time to establish also a profes-
sorship of the Spanish language? He believed
that language was not now taught in the institu-
tion.
Mr. McLANE replied that the French language
was taught there as a distinct course; and the com-
mittee would understand why that language was
selected in preference to the German or Spanish,
when they reflected that the most approved math-
ematical and other scientific works were in the
French language, and that the military studies in
these sciences were directed by the French books.
He thought the gentleman from Delaware would
perceive, at once, that the selection of the French
language for this purpose was strictly consistent
with the military character of the school.
Mr. HOUSTON understood the gentleman; but
there were other well known reasons which seemed
to require that the Spanish language should be
taught there at the present time.
Mr. McLANE was understood to make the
closing remark, that there was no necessity in the
Academy for further instruction in mining, so long
as the studies were so thorough in the department
of engineering,
Mr. SAWYER warned the committee, if they
continued to multiply professorships in the West
Point Academy, they would perhaps find out very
shortly that there was no need for any other in-
stitution in the country. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who first addressed the committee
in favor of the amendment, had stated the fact,
when he said that the young men educated at
West Point were called to fill" all the prominent
positions in the Government. It was a fact, that no
man could now apply for any scientific position for
his friend without being told that the West Point
students occupy all these positions. If we looked
to the army, all the giory of its achievements was
universally ascribed to the officers emanating from
West Point; while the brave volunteer officers, of
whom he saw and could name several now around
him, upon both sides of the House, and who
really contributed most to the glory of our arms,
were wholly forgotten in the account. He could,
and he would, mention among those brave and effi-
cient volunteers now in his mind, the names of
Campbell,Thomas,Haskell, Chetam Waterhouse,
McClelland, Trousdale, P. F. Smith, Butler of
South Carolina, Jack Hays, Richardson, Gaines,
and Mitchell. He could extend the list much fur-
ther, and would venture to say that those who
contributed most to our successes in the Mexican
war, were those who left their work-shops and
their ploughs in the furrow, whose education had
not been a charge upon the Government, and who
returned from the war not to be pensioned upon
the Government, but to repair to their own honest
and peaceful avocations. It was the remark of
one of our generals, that volunteers "fought by
the job, while the regulars fought by the year."
The fact was, that the men who had been most
prominent in all our wars were never sent to be ed-
ucated at West Point; and he entered now his sol-
emn protest against the modern rule of ascribing
all the glory of the army to the West Point stu-
dents. He had then in his mind such men as
Worth, Pillow, Scott, Taylor, Wool, Kearny,
Price, Twiggs, Patterson, Pearce, Gushing, Cad-
walader, Hamer, Lane, Shields, Gluitman, W.
O. Butler, Hardin, Yell, and Weller, who were
never sent to West Point to be educated*, and he
could mention the names of hundreds more.
The glory of the field of Buena Vista was asenb-
able to the valor of the volunteers, .of whom
it was said that they did not know when they
were whipped. But the West Point men got
all the thanks of the Government. It was only
the other day that he saw published in the Union
a certain correspondence between the officers of
the West Point Academy and the Secretary of
"War, in which the latter had bestowed all the
credit of our successes in the war upon the officers
educated at that institution; and, what was still
more preposterous, all the flags taken from the
enemy were presented to that institution, as tro-
phies of the valor of her students. All this was
done without saying one word of the volunteer
valor displayed at Buena Vista and elsewhere, on
every field of battle, while the flags stained with
their life-blood were sent and deposited as trophies
of the valor of West Point men! Such was his
feeling of indignation, upon reading these pro-
ceedings, that he had draughted a resolution, now
in his pocket, to take these flags—which cost the
common blood of the country—away from that
institution, and place them in the rotundo of this
Capitol. He gave notice that it was still his pur-
pose to introduce that resolution. He had at-
tempted to get the floor that morning for the pur-
pose; and he should persist m the effort till he
succeeded, or till the end of the session. He rep-
resented, m part, the interests and honor of a State
which furnished as gallant volunteers as ever shed
blood upon any field; and he was determined that
the remembrance of their deeds of valor should
not be separated from them and placed to the
credit of the Military Academy, and he would-call
upon gentlemen representing volunteers from other
States to stand up with him, and see that this
stigma of the Secretary, of War should not rest
upon them.
The Military Academy had grown too large. Its
students weYe fast becoming the occupants of every
prominent station in the gift of the President; so
that a civilian stood no more chance to get one of
them than a man in Africa. It would soon become
the first object of inquiry, upon the examination of
a man's claims for office, Was he educated at West
Point? and he would tell his constituents, that if
this state of things were to be tolerated, they need
not look to the Ueneral Government for any office
whatever.
He would like to say more upon this subject,
but he would not consume time. He would like,
also, to go into some examination of the coast sur-
vey report, but he should seek another opportu-
nity for that. He had nothing to say against the
principle upon which the coast survey had been
established, but his remarks would be directed
against the abuse of it. He would now merely
beg leave to suggest to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that the actual ex-
pense of that service could not be made out from
the report made from that office. He would also
tell why that expense could not be thus made out.
There was an annual appropriation made by Con-
gress for the support of what was called "revenue
marines," which was taken and applied to the
coast survey.
He referred to his former objection to the scale
of minuteness upon which these surveys had been
prosecuted. That creek over yonder, commonly
called the Eastern Branch, (he said,) had been sur-
veyed as high up as Harpers5 Ferry; and even the
minutest fibre of the stream had been laid down on
the map. He could even point out the location of
Soper's hill from the map. There was a great deal
of soaping about all this, [laughter,] to which he
would call the attention of gentlemen at some
proper time. He would now merely call the at-
tention of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the fact to which he had just
adverted, namely, that the sum of forty-nine thou-
sand dollars annually appropriated for the revenue
marines went over for the benefit of the coast sur-
vey, showing the actual cost for that service last
year to have been one hundred and ninety-four
thousand dollars.
He repeated that it was the abuses growing out
of this service of which he complained, and they
were increasing every year. This increase, more-
over, was attributable mainly to the prolific inven-
tions of West Point men. There were too many
of them without either employment or homes, who
were constantly racking then brains to get up such
objects of appropriation as might give them all
comfortable places for life.
In conclusion, he said a friend [Mr. Stanton]
had put into his hand an amendment which he
liked very well, and which he would offer. It
was read, and proposed to strike out the amend-
ment of Mr. Pollock, and insert a provision that
the duties of the proposed professor on mines
should be performed by existing professors.
The amendment was ruled out of order.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee rose
and reported progress.
Mr. VINTON moved a resolution to terminate
debate on the bill m five minutes after the House
should again have resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HARALSON moved to amend by extend-
ing the time for debate to one hour.
The amendment was rejected,and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself again into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. TURNER moved that the House adjourn.
Rejected.
The motion of Mr. VINTON being agreed to,
the House again resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and resumed
.the consideration of the bill providing for the sup-
port of the Military Academy.
Mr. HARALSON obtained the floor, and occu-
pied the remaining-five minutes allotted to debate.
He said, however the policy of establishing the
Military Academy might originally have been
doubted, he wished it to be understood that he
was a decided friend of the institution, and he was
only apprehensive that it might be made offensive
to the public mind by encumbering it with matters
which did not belong to it. For all that related
to military knowledge, he doubted very much
whether tne present condition of that institution
could be very much improved. We had abundant
proof of its benefits in the attainments of those
young gentlemen who were educated there, and
sent out to the world; and in many of the occur-
rences of the war which had just terminated he
could give examples of the beneficial results of
that institution, which he apprehended would tell
upon the public mind, and perhaps on this com-
mittee. But he wished to make no invidious dis-
tinctions between the achievements of the cadets
of that institution and of the volunteer force who
had served in Mexico in the defence of their conn-
try; they had all performed their parts well.
As regarded the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, however valuable might be
the attainment of the knowledge of mining, he
thought it had no particular connection with mili-
tary knowledge. It would be difficult to tell how
a professorship of mines, in its general scope, could
connect itself with military science, to the extent
to which it was so connected; this branch of sci-
ence could be taught by the professor of engineer-
ing, or other professors, who were already there.
The remarks of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. McLane] on this subject bore with much
weight on his mind; if they went without the
range of military science and providtd other pro-
fessoiships, m his humble opinion, they directed
the institution to objects which were not originally
designed by its founders, and it would have a tend-
ency ultimately to overthrow the institution itself.
They had had the intimation already given in
the debate by a gentleman who was hostile to the
institution, that he should like to see this amend-
ment adopted, as it would render the institution
more objectionable. But let us maintain the in-
stitution in its present condition, modifying or ad-
ding to it only where it was certain it would be
improved—and having witnessed one of its exam-
inations, he hought it would be very difficult to
make any substantial improvement in it. He
thoughtthe science taught there had been of essen-
tial service to the army itself, and that it had done
great good in disseminating military knowledge
throughout the country.
In friendship to the institution, he wished the
amendment would not be urged or adopted, and
he thought the best direction they could give to
their legislation respecting it would be to maintain
it purely as a military school, and by so doing it
would be saved from the attacks which had hete-
tofore been made upon it from various quarters of
the country. He was glad to know, that since the
war with Mexico these attacks had now become
feeble and " few and far between;" and if it was
maintained in its present military character, he
trusted the day would come when there would be
scarcely any one so bold as to rise up and say that
it was not an institution which was doing a great
good to the country.
The hour for debate having expired, the com-
mittee proceeded to vote.
Mr. BO WL1N raised the points that the amend-
ment was irrelevant, and that it was in violation of
the 81st rule, and therefore not in order.
The CHAIRMA N ruled the amendment in order.
And the question being taken upon it, it was
rejected.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
