394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. BO,
appropriations for the payment of revolutionary
and oilier pensions of the United States, for the
year ending 30th June, 1850.
Mr. BROWN moved the following as an addi-
tional section, the provisions of which he briefly
explained, and remarked that it was intended solely
to benefit the old soldier, viz:
.Ind be it furtlirr enarted, That whenever any agent for
paving pensions shall have a deputy or clerk authorized
by law, said deputy or clerk shall have like power to ait-
inmifter oaths or affirmations as said agent may have, and
all oaths or affirmations taken before said clerk or deputy
shall be of like obligation, and subject to like penalties for
false swearnig or affirmation, as it taken betore the pension
agent.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved an additional
section providing that the pension act of 1848
should not be so construed as to exclude from the
benefits of the ant those officers and soldiers who
served in the Indian territories belonging to the
United States. He glanced at the history of the
pension laws, and of their successive extensions
and modifications, stating that by the law of 1836,
the widows of all officers and soldiers who had ,
been engaged in service anywhere were entitled to ,
pensions;"but that the act of 1818 excluded from j
the benefit of pensions those soldiers who during
the late war had been engaged in our territory.
There were many such, and they had done im-
portant duty. One thousand volunteers from the
State of Missouri had been engaged in the wars
with the Camanches, the Menomonies, and other
Indian tribes; they had performed active service,
and were equally entitled to pensions with those
who had gone to Mexico. Wherever officers and
soldiers had been retained in our own country and
been engaged in merely peace duties, he would not
grant pensions to them.
Mr. VINTON raised the point that this amend-
ment was not in order. It proposed to create pen-
sioners of the United States; the bill to pay those
already existing.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point, and de-
cided the amendment out of order.
Mr. HALL, after a word of conversation, ap- i
pealed from the decision. i
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was i
taken and decided"in the affirmative. !
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. VINTON moved that the bill be laid aside j
to be reported, and that the navy pension bill be
taken up.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the committee
rise and report the bills already acted on to the
House. j
Tellers were asked and ordered, and the vote
being taken, they reported nota quorum voting.
Mr. VINTON said there was evidently a quo- !
rum present, but gentlemen could not be got to .
vote. He hoped there would be a call of the |
House, and that the House would go through with
it to the end.
[Crifs of "Agreed."]
The tellers (who had retained their places) now
reported ayes 33, noes 100—a quorum.
So the committee refused to rise.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
NAVY PJSKSIONS.
"The bill making appropriations for the payment
of navy pensions for the year ending 30th June,
1850, was taken up; and having been read through,
no amendment being offered—
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
rose and reported their action to the House, when
it was concurred in, and the three several bills—
viz: the lulls providing for the support of the Mil-
itary Academy, for revolutionary pensions, and
for naval pensions—severally, under the operation
of the previous question moved by Mr. VINTON,
ordeied to be engrossed, read a third time, and
passed.
Motions were made by Mr. VINTON, to re-
consider the respective votes upon the passage, and
to lay those motions on the table; which latter
motions weie agreed too.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House adjourn,
but withdrew at the request of—
Mr. DUER, who wished to make some propo-
sitions to the House.
The SPEAKER, stated, that by general consent,
he would lay before the House a message from
he President of the United States.
Pending these proceedings—
On motion of Mr. STEPHENS, the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
Bv Mr. EVANS, of Ohio: The petition of citizens of
Mu-kiugmn eoinitv, Ohio, in favor 01 cheap postage and the
abolition of {he {ranking privilege.
BvMr. HALE: The petitions of Morrill AHcn and others,
of Cluldrf Lutlier and others; of J. A. Hathaway and others,
and of Edmund K. Fuller and others, praying for a system
of cheap postage and the abolition ol the lranking pnv-
RESOLUTTONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a resolution passed
by the Legislature of the State of Illinois* instruct-
ing their Senators and requesting the Representa-
tives of that State to use all honorable means in
their power to procure the enactment of such laws
li for the government of the territories acquired by
the United States under the treaty with Mexico as
shall expressly declare that there shall neither be
slavery nor involuntary servitude in those territo-
ries, unless for the punishment of crimes.
On motion of Mr. D., it was ordered that it lie
on the table and be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Illinois,
in favor of securing to the States of Illinois and In-
''VyMr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: The petition of sundry      =     
citizens of Lee countv, Iowa, praying lot a construction of > (jjana a {iberaj donation of land contiguous to the
the act ot June .50, 1^4, and a ^ttl.mient of the fee simple h , , Mount Oarmel and Alton and Altmv
to the Sac and Fox imif-brued reservation. wateis ot tiieiViount uarmei ana Alton, ana Altoil
By Ml. GRCELEY: Eleven several memorials from cit- t, and Mount Carmel and New Albany Railroads;
izens of New York, asking Oonirre^s to (T7cliutJe^1^Xi^iI;1'>e :' which was ordered to lie on the table and be pruned.
    Also, a resolution passed by the Legislature of
| Illinois, in favor of a grant of public land to that
I State to aid in the conduction of the Central and
. Northern Cross Railroad; which was ordered to
' he on the table and be printed.
MEMORIALS AJND PETITIONS,
j Mr. CALHOUN presented resolutions adopted
1 by the Chamber of Commerce of Charleston,
i South Carolina, in favor of the coast survey; which
| were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
1 Mr. BUTLER presented a document relating to
1 the bill to continue in force the acts for the pay-
i ment of property lost in the military service of ihe
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
i Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of E. S.
I Haines, asking to be released from liability as
surety for Robert T. Lytle, surveyor general of
the district of Ohio; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, presented the
memorial of Little & Brown, stating that they had
come into possession of the papers of the late Pres-
ident J. Q *. Adams, asking Congress to subscribe
for copies of the same; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. DICKINSON presented documents relating
to the claim of George Jamieson and George Fox,
and other Seneca Indians, for the loss of rations
and other property in their emigration to the South-
west; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Emma C.
P. Thompson, asking compensation for diplomatic
hquors from the vessel- cumpo.-itii; the United States navy
! ot S. C. Uoteman and otheo, lur llie treedom ot the public
; lands; and of citizens ot Madison count), New York, lor
. the same. „
! By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 19.5 citi/pns of V lrgil,
, Coitiand coimtv, New Vork, tor cheap postage.
; Bv Mi. SHEKRILL : The petition ot citizen*, ot Kingston,
: Ui-ier cuUiin, Neu Yoik, playing for a reduction ot the
rates of postage, the entire abolition of the franking privi-
lege, &.c. „
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petition of the citizens ot bt.
Clair county, Mu higan, tor the removal of the land office
trom Deficit to Poit Union.
Bv Mr. ECKBltT: Ten petitions signed by 228 citizens
ot Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, piaying for an imme-
diate niouification of the lantt'lavw
Bv Mr. PALFKEY: The petition of Rachel N. Black-
mail and 73 other.-, of Charhon, MasKichu^tf ; aNo, of
Ai villa SSpeiry and SG otheis, ot Seneca county, New Y oi k, ;
sevpiallv pra\inir Congress to prevent the extension or sia- i
vt*iy, to withdiavv the protection ot Government trom the ,
American slave trade, and tuppics* sla\eiy wherever Con- !
£jrr-^ has competent jurisdiction. Also, the petition of
i James T. Woodburj and 4o others, of Acton, Massachu- ■
->etts prawui? loi the suppie^-ion ol the >lave tiade in tne 1
: Di-tnet ot Columbia. Also, the petition of Joseph Scwall
1 and lt> other-; also, of Ahner Houghton arid 61 others ; al;0.
i of Horace G.Tucker and others; aNo, ol William B.
! Howes and other*; also, ot T. II. Marun and IS others; ■
| also, of Samuel Foster and 8> others, citizens of Ma^aohu-
; sen*, severally piajmg tor a reduction and unilbiiii late of (
1 postage. i
By Mr. feTUAUT, of Michigan: The petition of Lvdia :
I Meacham, widow of Lucien Meacham, deceased, for a
I pen-ion. '
j By Mr. STRONG: The petition of sundry citizens of ,
! BerKS count\, Pennsylvania, pravmg for the establishment
j of a po«*t route trom Kutztown to Dale, in said county.
1 By Mr. DANIEL: The petition ol John McLeod and ;
| others, prauns a tnuher reduction ot postage. ,
' By Mr. CRANSTON : The petition of John Gardner, and i
I one hundred other citizens ol Biistol, Rhode Island, piay-
j ma for a uniform rate of' tuo cents postage on letters, &c.
Bv Mr. NEWELL: The petition of Isaac W. Lanmng,
posta<jf-.
By Mi. NELSON: The petition of A. H. Wells, W. P.
Smith, and othei's, citizens of Mount Pleasant, Wc&tchrster |
county, New York, piaying lor a uniform and reduced rate ,
of po-tage, Ike. !
Bv Mr. HAMMU.VS: The petition of Charles G. Bellamy, 1
and" seventy three other-, inhabitants of Kittcry, Maine;
al-o, ot Caleb Mastoid, and futv-eight other?, inhabitants ,
ot Maine ; nl-o. of Jeicmiah Biooks, and foit}-four others,
inhabitant- of York, m the State ol Maine, all in favoi of a
reduction of the pie-ent iat''- ot po-ta^e.
Bv Mr. MANN,of Massachusetts : The petition of Chris-
topher Marsh, and seventy otheis, citizens of Massachusetts,
in behalf ot i heap po-ia^c ; also, the petition of Luther
Metc.tlf, and thnt\ orbeis, citizens of Massachusetts, for
tiie same object; also, the petition of Geotge H. Holbrook, ;
and lottv others, citizens ol Ma-sachusru-, lor the same ,
object; also, the petition ol J. Leonard Scott & Co ^and !
foit.v-tour others, individuals and funis, m the city^of New
York, who are publishers of pcnodteals, praMiig Congress
to abolu-h the distinction between the iafs of postage on ,
newspaper's and on peuodicnls. j
and one hundred and four otheis, praying for a reduction ol . j services rendered by her late husband, Commodore
* ' Thompson; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of Peter
Brown, asking compensation for attending the
United States court in Philadelphia as a witness;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. METCALFE presented documents relating
to the claim oi Joseph M. Farrow, a soldier m the
late war with Great Britain; which were refeited to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented several petitions
from citizens of the State of Pennsylvania; winch
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial from
citizens of Philadelphia, praying Congress to pur-
j chase Mount Vernon, for the purpose ol convert-
j[ ing it into an agricultural school; which was re-
,i fened to the Committee on Military Affairs. _
■ j Mr. BREESE presented petitions from citizens
of Illinois, asking for a grant of land for the pur-
|j pose of constiuctmg a railroad; which was laid on
| the table.
On motion of Mr. NILES, the petition of Ezra
Chapman was ordered to be taken from the files,
! and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
1 REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs was discharged fiom the con-
sideiation of a memorial from citizens of "'u^'
delphia for the concentration and civilization of the
Indians.
! On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Committee
on Indian Affairs was discharged from the consid-
eration of the memorial of chiefs and heads o
families of the Pottawatomies, asking to be pei-
mitted to remain on their lands.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON; the Committee
on Indian Affairs v/as discharged from the eonsia-
1N SENATE.
Tuesday, January 30, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in reply to a resolution of the Senate in rela-
tion to contracts for water-rotted hemp, stating that
no contracts had as yet been made; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication fiom the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, in relation to the claim of the Catholic Church
at St. Augustine to certain property held by the
United States in that place; which, after a few
words from Mr. W15STCOTT and Mr. DAY-
TON, was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, one hundred
extra copies of this document were ordered to be
printed.
