1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
895
eration of the memorial of the Legislature of Wis-
consin on the subject of a treaty with the Meno-
minee Indians north of Fox river; and it was
referied to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Committee
on Indian Affairs was discharged from the con-
sideration of the second resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Texas, in favor of establishing a line of
posts between the Red river and the Rio Grande;
anil it was referred to the Committee on Military
^Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to change the location of j
the Land Office in the Chippewa land district to i
Stillwater, and asked its immediate consideration; |
•which was objected to. ]
The bill was read and ordered to a second j
11! o* % 11
Mr.^BREESE submitted the following resolu- j i
tion; which was considered and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of th^ Senate be directed to ,
furnish to the Commissioner ol the Geneial Land Office Ave
hundred copies of t'ie map which ueioinpumed tile Com- |
iriisHouei'sieport ota2<l November, lB4d,as printed with the !
President's annual message.
THE REPORTS OF DEBATE.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Badger on the 25th instant, was taken up for
consideration:
Revived, That the Committee on Printing inquire into the
expediency of discontinuing the contract made at the Inst
session for publishing tiic reports ot the debates and pro-
ceedings of Congress.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I desire to say
one word before the question is taken upon that
lesolution. Two or three gentlemen have, at dif-
ferent times, in the course of the session, called the
attention of the Senate to gross mistakes in the
publication of the observations made by them on
this floor. I have had occasion to notice, in my
own instance, seveial cases of that kind, but I have
not thought proper to mention them, nor would I
now do so if other gentlemen had not, on more
than one occasion, called the attention of the Senate
to this subject.
I think that, after the experience which we have
had, it is high time that an inquiry should be in- i
stituted by some committee, which will involve an j
investigation into the expediency of continuing j
tins plan of reporting; and which will necessarily j
lead to some investigation as to whether it will not :
be possible to present, in substance at least, what 1
gentlemen say m this Chamber. And, if that |
cannot be accomplished, it follows as a matter of
couise that the Senate owe it to themselves to dis- j
continue this course of proceeding. J
The honorable Senator fiom Louisiana, [Mr. j
Dowss,] who made some remarks the other day |
in relation to the inaccuracy with which he had j
been reported, may perhaps consider his case a
very hard one; but 1 assure him—whatever view
he may have upon that subject—that it is cygnet's
down compared to my own. I was reported, sir,
some time ago as gravely stating this proposition
to the Senate;
" That it was a rule in the Navy Department, whenever a
pension was gtanted for disability, to reduce the pension if
Hie disability continued."
The Senator from Louisiana will perceive that
my case is much harder than his own in this re-
snect; inasmuch as I am represented as casting a
direct reproach, as uttering a slanderous imputa-
tion upon the highly lespectabie and intelligent
gentleman who is now at the head of the JNavy
Department, by saying, in substance, that his rule
of action is, that the cause of granting a pension
continuing in full force furnishes a reason with
him for reducing the amount of the pension granted
for that purpose. , , .. ,, ,
I take the oppmtunity of adding, because I think 'i whose only business was thai ot possuni hunt-
it is just and right that 1 should do so, that 1 found j mg," when 1, in fact, said " fossil hunting.' 1 his
myself so reported in the Intelligencer, and upon ; is an excusable en or on the part of the reporter,
lo'okino' at the report of my remarks, made on the for doubtless he is something ot a naturalist him-
same occasion, in the Union, I found that justice || self, and knowing who and what were the prinu-
had there been done me—that the substance of 'j live products ot the western toiest, he undeistood
what I had stated was there reported. l[ me as talking about my neighbors, never dreaming
Without expressing any opinion in regard to j that fossils entered into the vocabulary of a repre-
the propriety of discontinuing the present system ' sentative of the Noith western Territory. 1 do not
of reportino-, I think it is due to ourselves at least j know that I should have referred to this error of
that some inquiry, some investigation, some pro- i the reporter, if he had substituted the word coon,
cess of scrutiny should be instituted, to see whether ' for that is an animal that myself and friend^ have
of reporting our proceedings in a manner which
does injustice to ourselves, and does not give the
country any satisfactory account of what is done
in the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I should
.prefer to have this resolution referred to the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, as I think, it is a question
entirely of expense.
In regard to the reports of our proceedings made
under the present system, I thini£ that they are as
accurate as they could be made. I think all the
reporting is done as well as leporting can be done
under the circumstances. The error, it seems to
me, is in reporting everything that is said or done
here, thus making the newspapers that publish
our debates a sort of advertising sheet. All the
remarks made upon every little bill, every unim-
portant word spoken in lelation to affairs of no
public importance, is published in these papeis,
and for which we pay a large sum of money.
Herein, I think, lies the error. 1 move that the
resolution, instead of being refetred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, be referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am opposed to the repeal of
the law authorizing a full report of the proceedings
of this body by the two papers of this city. I
make no objection, however, to a reference of the
resolution offered by the Senator from North Car-
olina to the appropriate committee, hoping the
committee may be able to offer such suggestions
lor our adoption as will serve to remedy many of
the errors and inconveniences that i admit exist
under"the piesent system, and will continue, unless
obviated by the action of this body, it is not so
much the fault of the reporters as the peculiar con-
dition of things in this Chamber. There is, per-
haps, not a Senator here, who takes part in our
discussions, that has not, since the adoption of this
system, found himself often misieported, and fre-
quently had language imputed to him which he
never uttered, and placcd thereby in a false posi-
tion on important questions belore the country;
but tins is incidental to the construction of our
Chamber, the inconvenient positions assigned our
reporters, the low tune of voice used by many of
us, and the still more formidable obstacle resulting
from the noise and contusion m the lobbies, aided
sometimes (inadvertently, doubtless) by Senatois
themselves.
Let the resolution go to the committee*, and I
respectfully suggest tor their consideration, as a
remedy for the "evils complained of, that a more
central position on the lioor be assigned each
leporter. But whether a remedy can be provided
or not, the benefits resulting from the present sys-
tem, to my mind, infinitely outweigh ail the mjuiy
complained of. As the law now stands, the sub-
stance of all that Senators say here, upon private
as well as public rights, goes to the country.
Those we represent aie put m possession of our
opinions and votes; thus keeping up those intimate
relations betsveen constituent and representative
so essential to a sound and healthy administration
of political affairs. As the honorable Senator fiom
North Carolina has laid befoie the Senate a history
of his grievances growing out of frequent mis-
reports of what he has said, I trust I will be indulged
with a correction of a m.sreport of what I had the
honor of saying a few days since, when offering
some remarks m opposition to the passage of a
bill for the relief of Captain Peicival.
I was leportcd as assetung that Captain Percival
'had, m violation of law and the general police of
the naval service, taken an individual on board
his vessel under the assumed name of a naturalist,
the remarks made by gentlemen upon this floor
cannot be represented correctly. If this cannot be j
done, I, for one, am clearly of opinion that we
should no longer put the country to the expense
established some reputation in the way of bein^
able to destroy. But to be serious, Mr. Piesident,
1 am unwilling to see a change m our piesent sys-
tem of reporting; I believe it is more accurate than
any we have had, and by giving to the gentlemen
who undertake this service for us an eligible posi-
tion, say in front of the Secretary's desk, we will
be relieved from much of the mortification that we
often feel on reading amisreportof what we have
said.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, I concur
with my friend from Indiana in regard to ob-
viating errors in the reports, and 1 think another
remedy would be to give a little more force to the
reporters. It is evident that they have not force
enough for an extended debate. I did not rise to
speak in regard to that matter particularly, but to
call the attention of the country more especially to
the erroneous character of the telegraphic reports,
which go forth from this^nty to all parts of the
land, in relation to the proceedings of Congress. I
will not say whose fault it is, whether it is the
fault of the system, or the operators, or both, or
whether it is the fault of those who furnish the in-
formation; but i wish simply to advise the country
that there is no reliance whatever to be placed
upon any portion of the telegraphic despatches in
relation to the proceedings of Congress sent from
this city.
As a sample and illustration of the inaccuracy
of the telegraphic reports, I will mention, that
when the post-office bill was under consideration,
a few days since, 1 stated, m a tone of voice prob-
ably as clear as that in which 1 am now speaking,
that 1 favored the system of free postage to news-
papers circulating within thnty or fifty miles of
the office of publication, but, if 1 could not get
that, I would move to amend the bill reported by
the honorable chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee so as to reduce the postage upon such pa-
pers from half a cent to a quarter of a cent. But
I find myself reported thiough the telegraph as
having moved to strike out the free rates, and sub-
stitute half a cent postage upon that class of papers.
This misrepresentation of my position upon that
subject was sent forth to the country by the tele-
graph; and 1 find that it has been copied and com-
mented upon by many of the country papers. I
have always been in lavor of allowing papeis cir-
culating within thiity or fifty miles of the offices
of publication to go fiee through the mails, and 1
piufe&s to hold no other position upon that subject.
Every day erroneous statements m relation to
the proceedings of Congress and the position of
members upon important qestions aie sent forth to
the country through the medium of the telegiaphic.
reports. The country press and the weekly press
never report the extended debates of the Senate.
They rely almost entirely upon the telegraphic dis-
patches for information in relation to what takes
place here, and the great mass of the people see
nothing else. These dispatches, therefore, should
be correct, but they are entirely erroneous. They
do not convey a fair and just idea of what is done
here; they cannot go beyond that; I know that
they must be very brief, and therefore can give
but paitial accounts of our proceedings; but, as far
as they go, they should be correct. 1 rise not to
censure the operators, but to state a fact, that the
country may wait until they get some further in-
formation befoie they give full credit to these tele-
graphic dispatches.
Mr. W ESTCOTT. Whentheresolution autho-
rizing the present system of repoitmg at public
expense was adopted, I voted against it. 1 was
opposed to it out and out I have changed my opin-
ion. The expeiience of this session has con-
vinced me it is the best that at this time can be
adopted; and that it is eminently useful, and well
worth to the public all the money paid for it. One
reason, simply, and of itself, has influenced my
opinion m lavor of the system. I have seen its
effect upon the press in this city. There has
always been m this city two leading political presses,
attached to the two gi eat political parties of the Con-
federacy. Parties may change and shift, but such
will always be the case. The Intelligencer is the
Whig organ at this time, and the Union is the
present organ of the Democratic party. The sys-
tem of reporting the debates here takes away from
these two papers their exclusive party character,
at least so far as it respects these debates. Under
peril of being dismissed, and of losing the profit-
able compensation for these repoits, neither of
them will suppress or garble any specch made by a
Senator of the political party opposed to such paper.
Both of the papeis are compelled to publish all the
speeches on both sides. The people see all that
