1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
inducp the public to believe that nonsense and ab-
surdity came not from them, but from the report-
ers, 1 do not like to be represented before the
country as speaking nonsense and absurdity upon
this floor.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Mr. President, I consider
this an appropriate occasion to correct an error
which the reporters made some three or four weeks
since in relation to myself. About that far back 1
presented a petition from a portion of my constit-
uents, citizens of my own town, as highly respect-
able a body of men (some three or four hundred
in number) as can be found anywhere, in favor of
the colonization of free negroes. By some acci-
dent or other, the reporters in one or both of the
daily papers—the" Intelligencer"and the"(Jnion" j
 represented me as presenting that petition from
free colored persons. I deem it due to my fellow- ji
townsmen to make this correction. I had intended j j
to do so from time to time; but, not deeming it of
sufficient consequence to bung it before the Senate l!
until a proper occasion was presented, I have not ,
done so; but I take this occasion to make the cor- j
rection. |j
I will take this opportunity to state, that so far I]
as the reports generally are concerned, I feel bound i!
to bear my testimony to their fidelity. 1 think ].
that the proceedings and debates of the Senate have j;
been reported with unusual correctness. Errois j
cannot always be avoided. The intonations of the ;]
voice do not always reach the ear of the reporter. ||
Something is lost, something is misunderstood. If j!
Senators who are desirous of being fully and ac- ■
curately reported, would take the trouble to look j
over the reports before they are published, as a ij
number do, all cause of complaint would be re-;]
moved. I consider the system which we have !
established as vital, as essential to the Senate it- 1
self, and as good and just to the country.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, the petition
referred to by my friend from Indiana was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and I am sure
that the endorsement of the petition was of the
import stated by the reporters. Hence, the fault
should not be attributed to the reporters, but to
those who made the endorsement.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Then the mistake must
have occurred at the desk of the Secretary.
Mr. BUTLER. I take it for granted that the
mistake must have happened at the Secretary's
desk. While I am up, I would say, that if there
is any fault in this system of reporting, it must be
owing to the noise which generally prevails in the
Chamber, and the unfavorable position of the re-
porters for hearing many Senators. That is my
opinion. 1 do not wonder that the reporters are '
frequently unable to understand the remarks of j
Senators, for we are sometimes unable to under- j
stand each other, and they are much more unfa-
vorably situated for hearing than we are. Some- !
times a speaker appears to have been distinctly :
understood by the reporters on one side of the
Chamber, and misunderstood by those on the other
side, according to his position. This may perhaps
be said of my friend from North Carolina. j
I will take this occasion to refer to an error of ■
an important character, which occurred the other
day in a report of my remarks in one of the papers.
The report, although generally accurate through-
out, represented me as having said that it would
not be long before petitions would come from
many of the slaveholding States insisting upon a
disunion of this Confederacy. Of course, sir, that ,
was not my language; yet it has gone forth as lan- 1
guage which I have used, and has been made the ]
subject of grave comment in many of the northern ,
papers. 1 was also reported—not by the report- , j
ers for the two papers in which our proceedings I
are published, but by the telegraphic reporters—as ,
having voted against the printing of the resolutions
presented from the New York Legislature. This j
is not true. I voted in favor of printing those j
resolutions. !
There are errors which cannot be very well :
avoided. They are incident to the proceedings of ;
deliberative bodies, such as ours. I am inclined to
think that the system by which our proceedings j
are at present reported is a very good one. I con-
sider the reason assigned for its continuance by ;
the honorable Senator from Florida as a very im- j
portant one. Xt gives the minority a fair oppor- ,
tunity to place their views before the public. If 1
it was not for this vehicle of communication, I j
believe that many remarks made upon this floor, ]
especially those made by gentlemen representing the
minority section of this Union, would never reach
the people of the North. For that reason, if there
were no other in favor of its continuance, I should
be very loth to discontinue the present system of
reporting;.
Mr. BORLAND. I rise, Mr. President, not to
comment upon the present plan of reporting the
debates, nor to complain of particular injustice at
the hands of the reporters, but to correct an im-
pression which seems to have been made not only
upon the reporters, but upon my honorable friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Foote,] in my remarks
yesterday upon Mr. Whitney's proposed railroad.
When the Senator from Mississippi cited several
distinguished individuals, and among them my
honorable fnend from Illinois, [Mr. Breese,] in
favor of that road, I am reported, and was under-
stood by the Senator from Mississippi, to have
said:
" So far as the Senator from Illinois is concerned, he has,
upon further examination ot the subject, wholly changed
his opinion, and now believes the scheme to he ulteily im-
practicable."
In justice to all parties, and particularly to the
Senator from Illinois, who was not in his seat at
the time, I take this opportunity to say, that I
undertook to indicate the opinions of that Senator
in reference only to the proposed road and route of
Jlsa Whitney. And I really think, that if my re-
marks be read in connection with the other por-
tions of the debate, such will be found to be the
true purport, as it was certainly the intention, of
my words. It will be observed, that the Senator
from Mississippi citcd the opinion of the Senator
from Illinois, in favor of this particular route and
road of Whitney. It was to meet such citation of
authority I stated that, upon further examination,
and with the advantages of new lights upon the
subject, the same Senator had changed his former
opinion, and now " believes the scheme'1 (Whit-
ney's scheme, including his route of course) "to
be utterly impracticable."
To the great scheme, or general idea of connect-
ing the Mississippi river by means of railroad with
the Pacific Ocean, I am not aware that any one has
objected. I understand the Senator from Illinois i
to hold now, as he has held from the first, that j
this great scheme is not only most desirable, !
but entirely practicable. I understand tins to be |
the opinion of almost every one, m as well as out !
of the Senate. Such is my own opinion, without
doubt or hesitation. Whitney's route, however,
I hold to be utterly impracticable. To this point
only were my remarks directed, as intended to ex-
press my own views, and indicate those of the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. BREESE. Mr. President, I dislike to con-
sume the time of the Senate for one moment, but
as I did not happen to be present yesterday when
the discussion took place upon Mr. Whitney's
plan for a railroad to the Pacific, I must beg the
indulgence of the Senate while I state my position
in relation to that matter.
It was my fortune, some two or three years ago,
to present this subject to the Senate in a report
which cost me much labor, and in which I endeav-
ored to embody, in a condensed form, all the facts
and arguments that could be brought to bear in j]
favor of the establishment of a railroad connecting !
theMississippivalleyand the Pacific Ocean. Every j
one knows that the project was then new. It was j
scarcely spoken of by the people or the public press,
and the only route then before the Committee on
the Public Lands was the route extending from the
Northern lakes, across the Mississippi and Mis-
souri rivers, to the South Pass, and thence to the I
mouth of the Columbia river, in Oregon. That
was the only route then talked of. Since that time,
however, other routes have been explored, which
it is thought are some five or six hundred miles
shorterthan that proposed by Whitney, and which
are equally as acceptable, or perhaps more accept-
able, than his route. Under these circumstances,
I did not wish to commit myself, at the last session
] of Congress, in favor of Mr. Whitney's plan, but
I I have never believed the general scheme of estab-
I lishing a railroad.communication between the two
J sides of this continent impracticable; on the con-
trary, I have always considered it practicable if
! we could only agree as to the best route; and I
consented that my friend from Arkansas should
! present his resolution, on yesterday, authorizing
; the Secretary of War to make the necessary sur-
veys and explorations, for the purpose of ascer-
taining the best route for such a roaa. As soon as
the route shall be determined, I think that all diffi-
culties as to the construction of this railroad will
vanish.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I do not rise
to prolong this already extended debate in regard
to the accuracy of the reports of our proceedings
published in the two leading papers of this city,
in conformity with the resolution adopted at the
last session. I would state that I feel some hesita-
tion in refusing to vote for a mere resolution of
inquiry, but I think, since that inquiry seems to
be desirable to several Senators, that the resolution
will be relieved from all objection if the Senator
from North Carolina will consent to a slight amend-
ment which I wish to make. It is this: Insertafter
the word " discontinuing" the words " or modify-
ing." The resolution would then direct an inquiry
as to the expediency of discontinuing or modify-
ing the contract, and in that shape, I think, no
person will make any objection to it.
Mr. BADGER. I accept the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia with great readiness.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I think this sys-
tem of reporting has advantages, and I think the
reports, for the most part, are very accurate. I
must say, further, that I have, on all occasions,
found the reporters of both papers exceedingly
accommodating. They have always allowed me
to revise their reports of my speeches whenever I
chose to call on them for that purpose. I feet
authorized to say that if Senators will take the
trouble to step into one of the rooms of this Capitol
before the Senate adjourns, or immediately there-
after, or if they will call at the office of the reporters
for either paper, they will find the utmost accom-
modation manifested, and every facility will be
given them to revise their speeches.
I do not rise, sir, for the purpose of denying
that many erroneous reports have been heretofore
made. I think mistakes are unavoidable under
the circumstances of the case; but I think we have
adopted a most admirable plan for making our-
selves heard, not only by the North and the South,
but by both the great parties of the country.
While I am up. I wish to state that my friend
from Arkansas probably meant to express himself
yesterday in the same language which he used this
morning, but he will find from the report of my
remarks yesterday, as published m both papers
this morning, that I understood him precisely as
he stands reported. I presume, that owing to the
i rapidity of the honorable Senator's enunciation,
and the consequent inability of Senators and the
j reporters to catch his precise words, he may have
conveyed a meaning which he did not intend to
convey. The honorable Senator will find, on ref-
erence to the two papers of this morning, that he
is reported precisely the same in both, as declaring
that the Senator from Illinois had undergone an
entire change of opinion in regard to the whole
scheme of establishinga railroad communication be-
tween the Mississippi valley and the Pacific Ocean.
1 so understood him; and so understanding him,
I felt bound to express my deep regret that my
friend from Illinois had calmly and deliberately
surrendered those high claims to the admiration of
the present generation and of posterity, to which
I conceive his report upon that subject would have
entitled him.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I rise for
I the purpose of making a suggestion, which I hope
| will receivethe attention of the committee to whom
! this resolution shall go, and which, I think, will
obviate some of the difficulties which have been
j referred to. It is this: That the committee inquire
into the propriety of providing a room in which
the reporters may have an opportunity to write
- out the remarks of Senators immediately after
] they have been delivered. I understand that, one
] of the papers—and I do not know but both of tljem
! may have done so—has provided a corps of re-
porters, so that each person, after having written
I a few moments, retires, and his place is filled by
another. If a suitable room was provided, each
reporter could write out the remarks of Senators
while they were fresh in his mind, and while the
ideas that were advanced by Senators were in the
memory. This would give the reporters an op-
portunity of retaining the thread of thearguments;
i and it would do more : it woutS enable the report-
' ers to present the remarks to the Senators who
ii delivered them, and thus give them an opportunity
