SS8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of making corrections. Every one must be aware
that it is exceedingly difficult to be heard in this
hall, especially at times when there is not perfect
silence. I think that, by making some provision
of the nature which 1 have suggested, many of the
difficulties that have been presented would be ob-
viated. I rise, therefore, for the purpose of making
that suggestion, and I hope it will receive the
attention of the committee to whom this resolution
shall be referred.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, 1 disapprove
of the system of reporting which we have adopted,
and for that reason I desire that this resolution
may be referred to the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
I think that this reporting could be done much
better by individual enterprise. I think, that if we
would encourage the whole press of the country
to come here as competitors in this business, in-
stead of confining it to two papeis as we now do,
we should get much better reports. I would
remark, however, that such a thing as reporting
accurately the whole of the debates and proceed-
ings of this body never has been done, and, in my
opinion, it never will be done.
I do not believe there is a better set of men in
the world, in their profession, than those who are
now engaged in reporting our debates. They are
highly educated, talented, and accomplished, and
they devote more time to their profession here
than any class of men engaged in any other pro-
fession in the world devote to labor. Yet, with
all their industry, with all their talents, with all
their devotion to the duties of their profession, it
is impossible for them to give the whole debates of
this body with unerring accuracy, particularly if
you compel them to report every word that is said
upon every subject, no matter how unimportant
that subject may be.
Sir, I believe that the reporting of the debates
upon some bills costs more money than the whole
amount involved in the controveisy, and it would
be better for us to pay the whole sum asked for at
once than to pay for reporting the speeches made
upon the claim. 1 believe it very proper to pur-
sue this system to some extent. It may be proper
to pay for publishing debates upon public bills in-
volving matters of great importance to the coun-
try, but I think it is neither necessary nor proper
that we should pay for publishing debates upon
private and unimportant subjects.
I desire also that this matter should go to the
committee, in oider to let the Senate and the coun-
try know what we have already paid for publish-
ing our proceedings, and what "probably we shall
further pay if we continue this system. The sys
tern now in operation acts as an inducement for
Senators to occupy the time of the Senate by
making speeches which they would not make weie
it not for the fact that they are sent home to their
constituents.
There is another feature in this system still
worse than any that I have mentioned, which is
this: It authorizes Senators to rewnte and compile
speeches during the recess of Congress which were
never made here, and publish them at the expense
of the Government. Oftentimes these speeches, or
the original speeches delivered here upon which
these compilations are founded, have been pub-
lished and paid for before. Certainly, if we are to
pay for the publication of speeches, we should not
be compelled to pay for them more than once. If
a Senator is not satisfied with the report of his
speech he should correct it before it is published,
but not publish it twice at the public expense.
The question on the amendment offered by Mr.
Cameron was taken, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I do not think
that there is any necessity for the adoption of this
resolution, as the committee have now under con-
sideration the following resolution:
Resolved, That thp Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Semite be instiuctej to inquire
as to the conduction put upon tile resolution adopted b\ the
Senate ,u ihe U-t sexton nt relation to reporting aud'pu!)-
h>hiri« the debates nf the Senate, and whether any modifi-
cation thereof is required; and that s-aid committee also
ascertain the e\pense which has been lncuired under the
said ti'roluhon hince it-> adoption.
I think the resolution now proposed wholly un-
necessary, a-* the same objcct is embraced in the
resolution now beforfe the committee
to*
The resolution as amended was then agreed
Jan. 30,
UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION. j
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Senate pro- j
ceeded to consider the bill to provide for the more ;
effectual execution of the third clause of the sec- I
ond section of the fourth article of the Consutu- I
tion of the United States. j
The further consideration of the bill was then
postponed until Monday next, and was made the
special order for that day.
HOUSE BILLS.
The bills which passed the House of Representa-
tives on Friday were then read a first and second
time, and referred. [For a list of the bills see the
House pioceedmgs of Friday.]
The amendment made by the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill for the relief of Henry Wash-
ington was concurred m.
The amendment made by the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill for the relief of the foiward
officers of the Exploring Expedition was con-
curred in.
PANAMA RAILROAD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to make compensation for the transportation
of troops and supplies across the Isthmus of Pan-
ama.
Mr. FOOTE moved to refer this bill, or rather
the substitute for it, (reported yesterday by Mr.
Douglas, and which now occupies the place of
the original bill,) to the Committee on Military
Affairs, that they might mquiie into the relative
merits of the route by way of Panama and that by
way of Tehuantepec.
Mr. BENTON. I apprehend, Mr. President,
that an arrangement of this kind is equivalent to
a rejection of the bill, and I apprehend that the
Committee on Military Affairs, or any other com-
mittee of this body, called upon m this extempora-
neous manner to bring in any kind of report upon
the subject, at this session of Congress, will be
directed to lepoit upon a subject with which every
member of the Senate is as well acquainted as the
committee will be. It will be directing them to
enter into an inquiry that will involve a great many
points requisite to be examined, and which can
result in no material advantage. And the commit-
tee would have no opportunity of sending any-
where for information , or of sending to Mexico to
obtain the legal or political information necessary;
or, in fact, have the time requisite for prosecuting
inquiries upon the result of which they could re-
port anything worthy of the attention of the Sen-
ate at this session. The committee would return
m about the condition that it went out. It is more
suitable to discuss this question in this Senate than
in any other place. If discussed here, we shall all
have the contributions of the knowledge of every
Senator.
I totally object, Mr. President, to having this bill
sent to the committee suggested, or to any other
committee. It is now ready for the decision of
the Senate. It was brought in at the commence-
ment of the session, and is one of the earliest bills
discussed. It has been laid over from time to
time, and all the papers that relate to it, politically
or legally, have been called for in the Senate, been
printed by its order, and no doubtfully examined.
We are therefore ready to go on with this bill, the
advantages of which have been secured to us by a
treaty. If any motion is to lie made to substitute
the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, we are ready to dis-
cuss it. As for sending the bill to a committee, it
is tantamount to a rejection of it. There is no
time at present, nor means at hand necessary to
a full exhibition of the claims of this suggested
proposition.
Mr. FOOTE. The motion before the Senate
has been pief'eired by me most reluctantly, but
with much deliberation also, after a calm examin-
ation of the facts connected with the measure pro-
posed for our adoption, at least so far as it has
been m my power to explore them. It is in no
spirit of hostility or mere captious opposition to
the scheme of improvement recommended to our
respectful consideration, and to our favorable ac-
tion by one of the committees of this body, nor yet
of ill-will or even ilhberality to the worthy gentle-
men whose names are connected with it, that I
have thought proper to move the reference sought.
But, sir, from the first, I have looked upon "this
matter as one of much complexity—of much im-
portance, concerning which n was presumable that
few of us were fully informed; and i have, thought,
therefore, that we were bound to give to it a calm
unprejudiced, and scrutinizing examination m all its
important bearings, territorial, commercial, mili-
tary, political, and even moral, if need be I
look upon the question which we shall be called
upon to deci 'e in connection with the bill before
us as of great magnitude, of much difficulty, 0f
no little dignity in some of its aspects, and' in
the decision of which, if we should chance to
err, our error may be attended with consequences
in the highest degree mischievous and discredit-
able; but the decision of which, if we shall de-
cide wisely, may result in the production of all
these beneficial consequences so glowingly depict-
ed in our hearing a few days since by the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton ] {
have judged it prudent, therefore, to refer the
whole subject anew to the committee with which
it originated, with such instructions as might se-
cure at its hands the development of information
deemed by me indispensable to discreet and suc-
cessful action. I have chosen to move a refer-
ence of the bill, or rather the amendment to it
which has been intioduced by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] and which now occupies
the position of the original bill, to the Committee
on Military Affairs, from the unaffected respect
which I feel for that committee, and because I
deemed it but courteous to its individual members
that this confidence in their capacity and other
high qualities should be manifested. I wish to be
understood, though, as by no means desiring to
burden that committee with labors which may
prove at all inconvenient, or which may be even
decidedly disrelished. If the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs are disposed to recoil from the execu-
tion of the task which my motion has marked out
for them, I am sure that I have not the least ob-
jection to the reference being made to some other
committee of the Senate—either the Committee on
Roads and Canals, or a special committee, if gen-
tlemen deem it best.
Now, I altogether dissent from the opinion ex-
pressed by the honorable Senator from Missouri,
that no additional investigation can by possibility
result in the ascertainment of additional material
facts. I am sure of one fact, that I am at present
not extensively or perhaps very accurately in-
formed upon many points deemed by me at least
material to be ascertained previously to our taking
anything like definite action. I wish I were better
informed on the subject; for, if I were, I should
most gladly impart my information to the Senate,
instead of being compelled, as I am in some degree,
to humiliate myself before Jt by a formal confes-
sion of ignorance. It would be insincere m me to
do otherwise than to confess my want of such
knowledge as I desire to possess upon the measure
before us, ere I shall be constrained to give my
vote either for or against it. Sir, I am painfully
involved in darkness, and I demand light. I ant
constrained to acknowledge, that after much inves-
tigation, and not a little thought, my mind is yet
in a state of serious doubt and perplexity in rela-
tion to the course to be adopted in disposing of
this bill. I have been assured that there are ma-
terials of information to be found and laid hold of
conveniently now in this city; that a committee
will have it in their power to elicit facts new to us
and important to the country, by the devotion of
a little time to the further exploration of a subject
winch I must think has been but ypt very super-
ficially examined by us, or any of us.
It is unnecessary to particularize names, hut I
feel authorized to declare that there is now among
us a gentleman of high public standing, a scholar,
and a man of very remarkable accomplishments,
of most polished and dignified bearing, a native of
the Republic of Mexico, but well and favorably
known to both sides of the Atlantic, who possesses
a large fund of information on the subject of our
present deliberation, which he would be quite will-
mg, I doubt not, to lay before us, in the form of
maps, books, official reports, opinions of distin-
guished persons, both in Europe and this country,
touching the advantages of the route across the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec—opinions of such men as
Humboldt, Arago, and others, the mention of
whose names ts sufficient with all lovers of science
to awaken veneration and to command hoir ^e.
This gentleman, though not at all inclined"to
intrude himself upon our notice, is polite enough
to confer with those who may choose to visit
him, and to impart such information as he may
