THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF W A S H I"N¥T O N? BY B~L AIR & RIVES.
30th Cgkgress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY I, 1849.
ment, is scarcely to be called wisdom until com-
municated. Why, oh why, is it that the Senator
from Missouri,\vho tells us that he has devoted some
thirty years of an eventful and somewhat stormy
life to the study of matters appertaining to the
question before us, refuses to allow us successfully
to seek instruction from his eloquent lips? Why
js it that this our chosen Gamaliel, at whose feet
%ve have humbly prostrated ourselves, indignantly
declines the sublime task of teaching the ignorant,
who seek oniy to be enlightened under his grave
monitions? Has he forgotten, or doe^ he hold in
contempt that farflTiliar couplet which runs thus:
"Delightful tavk to rear the tender thought,
And teach the \oung idea how to shoot?;>
Tobe serious, is not the honorable Senator a little
inconsistent when he urges that the Committee on
Military Affairs will not have leisure to examine into
this subject should it be referred to them, whilst, at
the same moment, he so magnificently boasts of the
fullness of his own knowledge upon every point
which can be regarded as having a remote connec-
tion with the matter now under consideration?
Mr. President, the honorable Senator fiom Mis-
souri alleges that we have recently, through our
diplomatic agent in Mexico, (Mr. Trist,) made an
effort to obtain the right of way across the Isthmus
of Tehuantepec,.and that we failed to do so; and
then he asks, " What will Mexico think if we
attempt to gain this privilege again?" Well, sir,
• the answer to this is most easy. In the first place,
I have reason to believe, and will state the grounds
for my opinion when necessary, that nothing •but
certain accidental circumstances prevented our
minister from obtaining all that he sought on that-
head; and, in the second place, I should care very
httle what Mexico, or all th«. civilized nations of
earth, may think of our conduct, provided we only
enlist in projects legitimate and jyracticable- Now,
that we may successfully prosecute this cherished
scheme of our Government, under circumstances
highly auspicious, too', will be evident to all who
will confer" with a certain Mexican statesman now
-in this vicinity, and who is prepared, as I believe,
to state and to establish facta which will leave no
reasonable doubt upon the minds of any who are
not resolved to wander in error.
Mr. WESTUOTT, (interposing.) If the Sen-
ator front Mississippi will allow me, I will state,
for the information of the Senate, a fact within my
knowledge. All these persons who pretend to
have a claim to Tehuantepec have forfeited all their i
claims. . None of them have a shadow of right. j
There is in this city, in the possession of a gentle- !
man here—and I can produce it, if it is desired, in ]
twelve hours—an authentic copy in Spanish, and '
a translation in English, procured from Mexico, j
of a law'of Mexico that will prove this fact. The
route is entirely free at this time, and subject to
the action of the Republic of Mexico and the States
in which it lies.
Mr. FOOTE. But the Senator from Missouri
suggests that the scheme to which we are now in-
vited to vouchsafe our sanction is only a temporary
one; and assures us that he will, in due season,
bring forward a project for connecting the two
oceans, and building a railway across our own
terra, firma, which is at once to supplant all other
schemes heretofore projected for this purpose, and
to render valueless this grand Panama railway it-
self, which he has kindly taken under his special
charge. When, sir, he shall make a formal pres-
entation of his own doubtless well-digested pro-
ject, it will be time enough to decide upon its
merits; though some of its peculiar features, I am
inclined to" think, it would be quite easy to proph-
esy in advance. But I beg leave respectfully to
suggest that the bill before us, either in its original
or amended form, is anything but b. temporary
arrangement—the original bill proposing a twenty
years' eontract with Messrs. Aspinwall & Co.,
without the privilege of immediate rescission, and
the amendment only allowing a rescission on the
part of the Government, if it shall deem it wise to
put an end to the contract at the end of tell years.
This, I repeat, really seems to me to be anything
but temporary; and, as we have to pay three mil-
26
New Series No. 26-
Hons upon this soi-distant temporary contract, I do
not see why we should not ascertain beforehand,
if we can, that these three millions will not be ab-
solutely thrown away. One thing is certain: the
opposition of one or two of my friends now around
me (including the honorable Senator from Illinois
and the honorable Senator from Louisiana) and
myself, to the original bill — which opposition
seemed to give quite as much offe ce to the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri as he has on this
occasion manifested—has succeeded in reducing
the amount to be paid to Messrs. Aspinwall & Co.
just one half; that is to say, it is now reduced to a
ten years5 contract, from having been brought for-
ward as a twenty years' contract, and, instead of
six millions of dollars to be certainly paid by the
Government, the amended bill only secures to the
contractors three millions. Yet the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri avers that he is now better sat-
isfied with the amended bill than he was with the
original one. Well, sir, such being the fact, I see
no reason whatever for doubting, that, should the
present motion prevail, and the amended bill be so
modified as to provide no pecuniary appropriation
at all, and that Panama be abandoned altogether in
favor of Tehuantepcc, the honorable Senator might
be still better satisfied than he is at present. At any
rate, 1 hold the experiment to be worth trying.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri has indulged in one allusion which I do not
perfectly comprehend; though I have inferred from
his aspect and certain significant indications, that
he designed possibly to refer'to me; he says, that
he has pi#jected a scheme for a real American road,
but complains that he is in danger of being eclipseds
j by "modern projectors." If the honorable Sena-
j tor is at all uneasy at the prospect of being cclipsed
by me, in the struggle for distinction in which he I
seems .to' have engaged os the projector of grand ,
internal improvement schemes, I will relieve him I
at once, by declaring that I have no capacity for j
the origination of schemes-of this kind; that I have j
no ambition for that species of renown of which he j
seems at this moment to be so intensely desirous; i
and that I will be content with the honor of aiding !
in the counteraction of the visionary projects of j
others, and the support of those which may seem !
to rae to be worthy of governmental favor. j
If the honorable Senator's allusion was designed j
he is aiming to organize an American Company,
; which may hereafter be able to realize, in cooper-,.
1 ation with himself, his long-cherished hopes of
I providing a safe, cheap, and commodious railway
I communication from thePacific to the Atlantic, the
i power ana influence of this Government.may not
• be thrown against him; that free competition may be
■ allowed between himself and others, who have more
j recently than himself enlisted in this project of con-
j nectmg the two oceans by a railroad across the con-
| tinent. I am furfchemssured, that when theGovern-
1 ment shall choose, (if ever it should,) at any future
period, to arrange with this person, and those who
may hereafter become associated with him, for
the transportation of munitions of war, the mails,,
or individuals, the most liberal arrangement wiJI .
be made, both with the Government and private
! persons. I am assured still further, that the Mex-
| ican Government and people are all desirous that
! our Government and people should take control of
the whole scheme of improvement; and that the
; Government of the two Mexican States—the one *
on the Pacific coast and the other on the Atlantic—
i across which the Tehuantepec railroad would pass,
; are both exceedingly desirous that citizens of the
j United States should have the control and execu-
j tion of this grand scheme. I am further assured
j as follows: from New York to Chagres and the
| mouth of Guasaculco river, the distance will be
i about the same for steam vessels; but for sail ves-
j sels, the route to Chagres is.much the longest; as
1 a vessel might have to go outside of Cuba, St.
Domingo, and Jamaica, in order to get into the
current, controlled by the trade-wind?*; that the
Panama route strikes the Pacific Ocean some twelve
i hundred miles (more or less) more distant from
f California than the Tehuantepec route; that the
Tehuantepec route passes through a healthy coun-
try, whilst the Panama route traverses a region
confessedly more sickly than any in North Amer-
ica beside: that, from New Orleans, it is six hun-
dred and fifty miles further to Chagres than to
Guasaculco; that the marine route to the eastern
terttiinus of the Tehuantepec route is altogether in
all the Gulf of Mexico, whereas the Chagres route
is outside of the West India Islands—a highly
important consideration in time of war; that the
soundings on the bar at Guasaculco are, according
to the highest authority, at most seasons of the
to apply to the worthy gentleman, to whose bill l'year, from eighteen to twenty feet, and never lower
for a .railway across the continent I offered an jj than twelve feet three inches, with a tide of two
amendment the other day, and which does in truth
seem somewhat to challenge rivalry with that
grand scheme for an " American road'5 which he
announced to us to-day would be shortly forth-
coming, then I have yet some consolation to offer
to the honorable Senator from Missouti—the Re-
public is quite large enough for both himself andJtfr.
Whitney to live in, and successfully to claim renoicii
and veneration as the honored originators of
schemes of internal improvement which are to
glorify and enrich this nation of freemen for count-
less generations to come. *
Mr. President, I deeply regret being drawn into
this discussion; I did not cxpect it; I did not desire !|
it; but I could not decently avoid it. I have been
constrained to present apparent hostility to a meas- j
ure to which I have really no unkindness, and for 1}
which, in some shape or other, I may feel yet com- li
pelled to vote, should it turn out upon full investi- ;;
gation to be really worthy of approval. I feel that jj
it would be acting a part somewhat impolitic, did I ■
not, since such strenuous opposition has been pre-
sented to my motion, state several facts which I am ' i
assured are true, and which are sufficiently material |!
to demand, as I think, the notice of this body. j'
I am informed that the gentleman from Mexico i'
to whom I have referred, has the entire control at ;j
this time of the route across the Isthmus of Te- jj
huantepec; that, though it is true that at the period
of fVXr. Trist's negotiations, a formal transfer was
executed to Mr. Mcintosh, (so well known in
connection with Mexican concerns,) yet a retrnns-
fer was, some time since, executed to himself; that
he seeks no contract with the Government of the
kind proposed to be given to Messrs. Aspinwall &
Co. by this bill; and that he only asks that, whilst
feet; that-distinguished English engineers have
reported that yiree millions of dollars will -be
necessary to make a safe and convenient port at'
Limon Bay; that at Panama vessels cannot ap-
proach nearer than three miles, and a pier will
have to be constructed about that distance, whereas
at Boca Barra, where the Tehuantepec route is to
terminate on the Pacific, there is a iine port: and,
finally, that the following table (which I request to
have read) maybe fully relied on in all respects:
Voya^
12,390,
3,330
New York to Boca Barra, round Cape® '
flora, cros-iin^ the hue m longitude
26 W., Rto .Trtneiio, Valparaiso, Cal-
_lao, and IJoca Baria   
New York to Canton, by the Atlantic'
and Indian Oceans, crossing ihe hnei
in longitude % VV,, going to latitude!
43 S. and eastward to lonsitude of Sf j
Paul's, and thence by the Straits oft f j
Sunda f 15,540' 11,950
New Orleans to Bora Barra, round!
Cape Horn, to St. Thomas, Rio Ja-I
nejro, Valparaiso, Callao, and Bocai
iiarra i 15,310
New Orleans to Columbia river, round*
Cape Horn j 14,S30
New Orleans to Columbia river, iniandi
jofirney, up the Mississippi, up tlse[
Missouri, and across the "Rocky!
Mountains j 3,400 3,220' 180
[Note—Thir- has a land journey of 900, ! !
miles, full of difficulties.] > i 1
New York to the Ooiumma rivei..
900
3,22'
9,060
3,590
13,610
11,610
5,65(0'
