1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
son, Robert W. Johnson, George W. .Tones, Kaufman. Ken-
cioj.j T;a S&re, Loid, Lynde, McCleHand, McCleiuand. Mc-
Dowell, Job Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Morse, Mulhn,
Feck, Petrie, Peyton. Pihfmry, Pollock, Preston, Reynolds,
Xlhett, Richardson, ftichey, Robinson, Root, Sawyer, Smart,
CiiaifesE. Sttmrt, Strong, Tinfeodeaux, Jacob Thompson,
Thurston, Toombs, Turner, Van D>ke, Venable, Wallace,
Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilmot, Wilson, and Woodward
—83.
NAVS—Messrs. Abbott, As'nmun, Porringer, Belcher-,
fSimjham. BUeknmr, Boj-d, Hrady, Charles Brown, Butler,
Cabell, Oanbv, Clinifman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Concur,
Cranston. Croweil, Di<kev, Dixon, Donnell, Dunn, Eekert,
Edsall, Edwairf^, Nathan Evans, FaireHv, Filler. French,
Fries. Gavle, Gouum, Greeley, Gregor)', Grinnell, Hale, Na-
than K. ifoll, Honiey, Henry, Wilhard, E!tas B Holmes,
Bubhatu, Hudson. Hunt. John W. ^ot <i-=5 Kelle^, Thomas
Soulier Kn:^, Daniel P. Km?, Lahtn. William T. Lawrence,
Sidney Lawie-nce, Leffiei, Lison, Lincoln, Mnclay. M< II-
vame,* Horaec Mann, Marsh, Mnrvin, NeKon, Newell, Out-
law, Palfrev, Pendleton, Putnam, Julius Rockwell, John A.
Hockw< IK Roman, R«tnse\, .Schenek, Sherr.il, rslvp-ier,
Slinccr'fxnri. Robert Smith, Tinman s>nisth, Ki.intnn, Stark-
weather, Stephens, «Btrohm, 'J'ayior, James Thompson,
SJu-liard W. Thompson, John, B: Thompson, Tompkins,
Tuck, Vinton, Wanen, Wentworth, and White—8<r\
The SPEAKER voted in the negative.
So llits resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then recurring on ordering the
tnfun question, it was tak-sn and decided in the
aiHrmativfe without a division.
So the main question (which was on the adop-
tion of the resolution) was ordered to be row
taken.
Mr, TOOMBS asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
And the question, "Shall the resolution be
adoptedwas then taken and decided in the affirm-
Vnative—yeas 96, nays 8G—as follows:
YE&S—Messrs Abbott, Ashmun, Barringer, Belcher,
Bhukmar, Blmehard, Bolt?, Brady, Butler. Cabell, C^nby,
Cltnsmnn, Williamson R. W. Cobb, CoHainer, Conner,
Cranston, Outfield, Ciowell, Diokej, Dixon, DnnrieJl, Dunn,
Ecfeert, Ed-ail. Edwards, Nath'an Evans, FarieJIy, Fisher,
Fiench. Games, Ciajle, Gt*n?ry, Go;:gin, Greeley, Gregory,
trimnell, Hale, *Naihan K Hall, Henley, Henry, Hilhard,
£has B. Holmes, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Jo-eph il. In-
j2"r^oll. Janif"? H. Johnson, John W. Jones, K< llosg. Thomas
ftmler Kintj. Daniel P. King, Lahin, William T Lawrence,
Sidney Lawrence. LefHet, Levin, Lincoln, Mac-lav, Mc-
ilvaine, fiottvee ft/ana, var^h, Marvin, Mulhn, Murphy,
Nelson. Newell, Outlaw, Palfiey, Pendleton, Putnam, Julius
Rockwell, John A. Rockwall, Roman, Rumsev, £ehenck,
Shepp^rd. S'hernl!, Silvester, Shncerland, Truman Smith.
Stanton, Stauuveathei, Slephtns, Andrew Stewait, Stsohrn,
Tnyior, Jarnc* Thomp-oti, Riohaid W. Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Tompkins, Tuck, Vinton, Warren, Wentwoi til,
White, and Wilson—96.
NAY;?—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beaie, Bedimrer, Ro-
cock, Bowden, Bowiin, Boyderi, Urodivead, William G.
'Brown. Albeit G. Brown, Bint, Cathcart, Clapp, Franklin
Clark, Howell Cobb, Cocke, Colhns, Crosier, Daniel, Dur-
Ims, Dickinson, Faran, Feather^on, Ficklin, Floumoy,
• FieerHey, Fries, Fulton, Giridmg«, Gott, Willatd P. Hall,
Hanmums, dairies G. Humpton, Maral<on, llaiinan-on,
Harris, Hill, Gi:or*e S. Hou&ton, In at-, Ivcr-son, Jf-nkms,
Andiew Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Groige W. Jonts,
Kenri^n, La S^re, Lurnn, Lvnde, McCleiiand McCkmana,
McDowell, JrtcKav," Job Mann, Meade, M^ler, Morris,
Aroi^e, Peaslee, Peck, Petne, l'e\ton, Pil-bury, Pollock,
Pieston. Reynolds, Kichaidson, Richey, Rubin-on, Root,
Saw\< K Smart, Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Thibodeaux,
Jacob Thompson, Thurston, Toombtv Turner, Venable,
Wallace, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilmot, and Wood-
waid—86.
So the resolution was adopted,
EMIGRATION TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GRJNNELL (very imperfectly heard) rose
and was understood to say that he desired to make
an appeal to the House in behalf o(3 those citizens
of the United States who were about emigrating to
Californ
departure
of emi
Several  v«u /.k-   - - c> - . i
it was feai-ed that great suffering might result from to amend her constitution, { have given tne same ,
the crowded state of the ships, j votesaml pursued the same conise—with this only
He had been informed by several gentlemen j; difference, that liiere i spoke against, all move-
from Boston and New York, that the ship fever !; ments in relation to tlie abolhinn ofsiaveiy in^any
%vouid uridoubiedly be engendered unless a law I, shape, by the ftee States or in the halls of Con-
was passed whiih would subject the ships to the gre&s. And I would have putsued the same quiet
same regulations as those which now existed m ;; course for the brief space of time that i htne yet
relation to vessels between the United States and j! to remain here—looking to-the fulme to approve
ness would be the call of the committees for reports,
oonirrrencing (where the call was last suspended)
with the Committee on the District of Columbia,
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked Mr. Burt to
waive his motion for the present, to allow him
(Mr. F.) to introduce a bill.
Mr. BURT did so.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked leave to introduce
a bill.
Mr.' GRINNELL.ohjected.
Mr. PRESTON" moved that the HoustB resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the "pinion.
Tellers (Messrs. Venablevand Wilson) were
appointed; and the question having been taken, the
vote stood: Ayes OS, noes 35.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. J. II, In-
cersoll, of Pennsylvania, in the chair.)
Mr. VINTON said, that the next special order
was the naval appropriation bill. He moved that
[i it be taken up,
Mr. FfCRLIN inquired whether the bills le-
f| latins: to the Territorial Governments of California
'i and New Mexico were notfrst m order.
11 The CHAIRMAN was understood to say, th*>t
I, if there was no special order, the appropriation
i! bills were entitled to preference.
i| Mr. VINTON said, that the naval appropriation
bill had been made a special order. Not only by
the general rule were the appropriation bills, in the
j1 discretion of the committee, to supersede special
orders, but this bill was a prior special order to the
'j Territorial bill. The rule was, that special orders
lj should be acted upon in the order in which they
!j were made so by the House.
jl TJie CHAIRMAN said, he understood from the
j! Clerk that such was the actual state of the c-ise.
j! The committee therefore proceeded to the con-
'j sideration of the bill making appropriations for the .
' naval service for the year ending June 30, 1849, j
j The bill having been read through— ;
i Mr, BROWN, of Pennsylvania, obtained the '
1 floor, and addressed the committee during theai- ;
; lotted hour. 1
j At the outset of his remarks, Mr. B. said that, j
j as he d'd not wifch to be out of order, he would in- !
! quire of the Chairman whether it wasin order to dts- ;
i cuss general matters relating to the Union, \* ithout
1 having moved to strike out the first section of the
bill? |
I The CHAIRMAN v/as understood to say, that ■
i he thought not. # ;
! Mr. BROWN. Then I move to strike out the i
i first section of the bill, tor the purpose of enabling
1 me to speak on the general subject of the state of
? the Union.
I The motion having been announced accord-
j ingly—
I Mr. B. proceeded in his remarks. Ever since I
| have had the honor of a seat m this House, (he
I said,) I have given silent votes rgainst every prop;
j osition that has been brought into this Hall look-
! ing to the agitation of the question of the abolition ;
' of slavery in any part of this Union. I have not ;
i only given such votes upon all occasions here, j
in every shape in which the question has been prc-
 > I T .1-1 .... L- .!\.. ~ ! i. ,,i l-.-  «
Europe. He had, a few days ago, introduced aj
bill having relation to this subject. It we.a now :
on the Speaker's table. It could be passed in a ;
few minutes, and he hoped the House would con- i
sent to take it up at this time, « '
Mr. BURT said he objected, and insisted upon
the regular order of business. With the greatest
respect for the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Grijjkell,] ho (Mr. B.) was willing that
those who desired to go to California should crowd
the ships as much as they pleased. He demanded
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER said the regular order of busi-
my coursc, as my constituents have heietofoie ap-
piovtsd all that I have said and done upon the sub-
ject—but for the rcmaikable speech of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Thompson]—a speech
which struck'me, as I think it must ha\e struck ,
this House, with surprise and astonishment.
The gentleman told us, that upon this subject he '
belonged to the great conseivativc party of the '
Union—the party opposed to the abolition of sla-
very in the District of Columbia, or m the States, ,
or its agitation in any place where it might have ;
the tendency to disturb the peace and harmony of
the country, or endanger the perpetuity of our
Jj Union. The gentleman not only asserted his owa
!| consewatism, but-vouched for the conservatism of
!j the people of the State which he in partTepresents.
|| And he wentstill further; he vouched for,a?id boast-
j| ed of, the conservatism of the late venerable gentle-
ji man from Massachusetts, {Mr. Adams,] who, but
jj a few months since, fell among us. Now, I ask,
,j were not these^s'tartling assertions ? To me they
were so. I remember well when I met that gentle*
man (Mr. Thompson] on this floor some six years
ago th$t he was then conservative on this ques-
tion. When I first had the honor of a seat here-, I
had doubts then as to the propriety of the twenty-
first rule, of which the gentleman has spoken so
much in all its bearings; and my colleague [Mr,
C. J. Xngeitsoll] and myself attempted for days
to have the rule modified, so that whatever was
objectionable in its features might be struck o"u!t>
and all its conservative character be retained. -After
two or three weeks' trial, we failed to attain our end.
We could not amend it, and we voted for it, and
from that time to this, I have sustained that rule,
and opposed the introduction of the subject. Then
the gentleman was widT us, in l&yingupon the table
jj all abolition agitation. Then he was a conserva-
jl live, and rebuked the agitating spirit of abolition-
ism here. But when I again met him on this floor
| at the commencement of the present Congress,
how stood the matter? There is the record. Upon
ij every question of the introduction of petitions,
during the last session of Congress, looking to the
j' abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
!j the gentleman who, in his speech, so sternly re-
j! bnkes these movements as calculated to dismem-
!' ber the Union,and to disturb its harmony, voted
jl upon the yeas and nays to bring these petitions
!j into this Hall, voted against their suppression, and
!' against laying- them on the table.
Nay more. When the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giddings,] at the last session, introduced
resolutions concerning a slave who had been mal-
treated at some hotel in this city—a subject well
calculated to agitate and irritate the feelings of
southern gentlemen here and elsewhere—did not
the gentleman from Indiana again vote against
laying the resolutions on the table, desiring to
have them agitated by the House? How changed
was the gentleman during the last session fiom the
time when he stood beside me, six years ago,
voting to censure the gentleman from Ohio [Mr,
Gide>intgs] for introducing resolutions here calcu-
lated to excite the country, and to create unhappy
feelings. That gentleman, I say, one of those who
stood with me to censure and expel from this
Hall the gentleman from Ohio, is now found vo-
ting with him on that subject. I regret that the
gentleman is not here.
Mr. THOMPSON indicated'that he was present
Mr. BROWN continued- I am happy to see
his face, f.>r it is the facc of a friend, and i speak
to the gentleman as a friend. Now, I take occa-
sion to say that I heard his eloquent speech (for
| he always is eloquent) with pleasure, and that I
' only regret that his acts have not corresponded
with his words, i regret that he gave to the har-
mony of the Union, to the friends of his childhood
in the South, his speech only; that he gave them
not his votes and his acts.
The history of the gentleman"s course here six
years ago, and the hjston/ of it at the last session,
are adverse to cach other. And how stands it
with his eulogy of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. AriAMSp Will any man in this House
j'believe that lie [Mr. Adams] stood as a bulwark
against the encroachments of abolition feeling in
i this country? I the gentleman—I ask the
' friends of that departed man among us—if thegen^
i tleman from Indiana does honor to ins name or
fame, in making him one who rolled back what he
considered the spirit of liberty and justice, and
, kept it from accomplishing its end to the day of
his death? Such was his language. When that
gentleman departed, he [Mr. Thompson] aaid, the
spiritof fanatical abolitionism again took its onward
course. I know that the gentleman from Massa-
i chusetts did say what the gentleman asserts, that
! he was opposed to the abolition of slavery m the
' District of Columbia then; but I appeal to the
i memory of that man, if, while he said this, he did
j not on every occasion, and under ail circumstances,
; <rive his powerful aid to roll on, no matter who
might i>e crushed by it, the ball of abolition agita-
j tion.
i And how stauds the matter with the'gentleman's
