404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
own constituents, for whom he has vouched here?
I have before roe the proceedings of a late Whig
convention in Indiana—but just gone by—scarcely
cold. The paper that conveys the intelligence to
the country of Che conservatism of Indiana is
scarcely dry. The resolutions of the convention,
like the specch of the gentleman from Indiana,
are full of high-sounding phrases of fraternal
regard to the South, eloquent in their tone, but
containing poison within them; like Joab with
Amasa, putting one arm around them, drawing to
them the South to kiss them, and saying, "Is it
well with you, my brethren," whilst in the,other
Jiand 'they nold the daggers with which they stab
them to the heart. I will read these resolutions—
though. 1 have not time to read much—but I will
read them, because they may be new to many men
in this House who heard the speech of my friend
the other day.
The eighth resolution is in the following words:
"Rceohed, That the Whi-g paity of Indiana, hete repre-
sented in convention, would calmly hut firmly express the
conviction Mint the extension of slavery over the newly
acquired T"rMorios of New Mexico and Cabfoi ma ouaht
to Iv prohibited hy law ; that ft" is our settled opinion that
a* the guardian of our infant Temtones, possess-
es th?it light; tljnt iff e^etcise would be promotive, of la^t- .j
fog goo'l to the people who shall inhabit the country in- i;
eluded m the late treaty with Mexico; and further, that it is ij
ihe opinion of tins convention that it inexpedient to exer- li
€ise the power at the present session oi Congress." I *
Now (continued Mr. B.) comes another. The ji
resolution introduced by the gentleman from New j
"York [Mr. Gott] a few days ago met the special j
censure of my friend from Indiana, because it spoke |
of slavery interfering with the progress of human j
liberty throughout the world. We all know how !
eloquently the gentleman disclaimed any such im- ,
putation upon slavery. I will read his words: j
''This resolution asserted that slavery, a*; it existed in the j
United was e <\ senou> Inndiance to the piOL'ie>.s of (
repuh'ican libeity throughout the earth.' Well, he could ,
not, for tiie life of him, imagine what soit of an abstraction , j
That was ; but it was not true."
Here is the response from the Whigs of Indiana: ||
*•12. RcioluPtU That the spsiitot the age, and flu: hbeial jj
n^d enlightened phnantlnopy which distinguishes its piog- |;
re^s, ier)uiie sacnfices of individual opinion to ths ijreat !
cause of human freedom; that this spirit should be shared
by the government and the governed; that Man, in every jj
condition, should he nnnvested with hi-> right5* of life, hb- ',
ertv, and the pursuit of happiness; and that it is the anxious |'
desne of the people here represented, that ail constitutional 1
mid proper means should ho employed to free our National !
Capital fiom the last vestige of itmuan bondage." '
This (continued Mr. T>.) is hut the echo of the i
resolution which the gentleman from Indiana con- t
demned, and which he assured us would not be j
vouched for nor responded to by the people of1
that State. And the gentleman took occasion in the j
same connection to say, that not only in Indiana, 1
hut in other States, thcie was no sympathy between |i
the party to which he belonged or the other (the j:
free soil) patty, and this abolition agitation. In |[
praising the father he took occasion to condemn
the son, who so lately was upon the ticket for Vice
President in connection with another distinguished
person, which was the result of thisPree-sotl move-
ment; and he condemned that as the embodiment
of abolition agitation—as the spirit which he re-
buked, and the spirit to which he said, the conser-
vatism of Indiana was opposed, and which it
would put down. Now, what was said by the
editor of a paper in Indiana who was one of the
late Taylor electors there, who, I suppose, speaks
with as much knowledge of the subject as the
gentleman, and who probably is to be regarded as <
a much better exponent of the opinions of the-'
people there. He says, in speaking of the Free-j
soil convention which had just assembled there: |
" We learn,also, that a good deal of diffeier.ee of opinion !
wpxisted as to the propiiety of attempting to Keep up a sepa- j
rate organization, now that the Whites have put in nomma- '
tion as good frpe-soii men as can be found m the State. A
resolution confirming the nominations of Meters. Embree '
and r-t.mfield wan offered by John li. Bradley, E-\j. :!
" The propriety of its pasture was enforced by that con- i
tleman in a speech of mueh eloquence and powei, but it vv.is
voted down. He contended tnat the candidates presented '!
hy the Whig party were all that could be a^ked un the sla- i
very question, and by the proper efl'oit and union fhev could !j
he elected, whilst tneie was no possibility of electing the ii
nomiiK es of a third paity organization." :,
And (continued Mr. B.) he thus concludes: j
" The effect of such a course would most probably enable 1
Jama H Lane to give ihe cabling vote against the passage of :
proper instructions to our Senators on the slavery qvrsiion '<'
and woxihi elect Mr. Wright, nhose -whole pc&t action proved i
him to he opposed to any interference on ihe puit of Con  re^s
in relation to slavery in our Territories." a j
. Thus (continued Mr. B.) this editor connects the '
Whig party, i-ta candidates and measures, with the
Free-soil party and its measures, and says, that
unless the latter should adoptthe Whtg candidates,
the only effect would be to cause the election of
Democratic candidates who are opposed to the in-
terference of Congress on the subject of slavery.
Is that the conservatism of Indiana? Is that the
conservatism of thve gentleman himself, to aid in the
election of men wTho are known to be in favor of
free soil, and of the agitation of thesubject of abo-
lition, and to defeat men who would carry out the
objects which the gentleman asserted on this floor
that he and the people of Indiana would sustain ?
But I rejoice at one thing in the gentleman's
speech. It will be found in the following passage:
" He wished it were true—he wished he could say it was
true, that this IJalJ of legislation had as much of that calm,
d'-hbunte conservatism as existed m the minds of the gieat
body of the Ameucan people. Rut theie was oMen to be
found a dstfeience between the representative and his con-
stituent; while the constituent, at home, was steadily,
calmly, coolly, and earnestly looking and prajtng for the
preservation of the welfare of the Government, they in (his
Hull, too often prompted by considerations of J action and party,
irei'c disiurhnip; the peace and repose of the Union, and ucre
agitating and crating Jor their ov.n sinister ends and selfish,
purposes. Theic was coming a time, he beiieved—and he
thanked God it wa« *o—when there should eornc out from
the Federal Executive of this Union this spirit of popular
conservatism, and it should he poured like oil upon the
wateis of paity; when, in the settlement of great national
questions, they should neither know the name of Whig nor
Democrat, hut should be prompted by those high, holy, ele-
vated considetations winch alone existed in the heait of ihe
tiue American patuot, who«e every pulsation beats for the
integrity of the union of tiiese States."
Now, (resumed Mr. F>.,) I do not attribute any
[ improper motive to the gentleman from Indiana*
I I have no doubt that he is honestly acting out his
1 own sentiments. I know that he is a gentleman
of discernment, and that, in looking ahead, he can
see as far as any other man—perhaps a little fur-
ther than some of his associates. And but for
this change that has come over the spirit of his
dream, {for certainly there has been a change since
the last session,) he could not have felt what he
so eloquently expressed the other day upon this
floor, and given all these votes during the last ses-
sion when this question was agitated, and when
the bitter-waters of that agitation were spreading
themselves far and wide, and were reaching the
very hearts of every portion of our people—cer-
tainly he could not have ielt then what he feels
now, or he would have expressed his feelings in
.the eloquent language which he uttered here the
other day. I say a change has come over the spirit
of his dream; and he sees in the incoming Execu-
tive what he depicts as a spirit that is to suppress
this agitation—a man who not only spent half
his life in the South, but who was born m the
South, and has spent his whole life in the South;
and looking to that Executive, (the sun that shines
upon many a man's action in this country,) I at-4
tribute tins change of feeling to its benign influ-
ence, and I think he sees an indication that it will
be favorable to the country and to the party with
which he acts, and perhaps to his own future
prospects that he should now fall back upon his
old and first love. Jf so, if favors are to be won
in this country by the conservative principles so
eloquently expressed by him, I, for one, shall re-
gret to the last day of my life that I ever opposed
the election of an Executive who would exercise
so great and glorious an influence over the desti-
nies of this country. I would fain hope that the
omen is true, and that those who fear that the ad-
vent of the new Executive will not be conserva-
tive upon this question will be found to be m error.
I would fain hope that we shall have peace and
harmony again; that we shall be as a band of
brothers; that we* shall meet in this Hall, and
everywhere throughout the country, as our fathers
met in the days of the Revolution, or as they did
meet but a few years ago, and crushed everything
that interfered with the'peace and harmony and
integrity of the Union.
" Men (says the gentleman) had not learned in that day
to dit^resard the Constitution and the law; men had not
learned at that day to be continually attempting oncioach-
nients upon the rights of the States of this Union, as fixed
and guaiantied under our Fcdeial Constitution."
I would hope (continued Mr. B.) that we shall
unlearn, when a new Executive comes into power,
what the gentleman assumes we have so recently
acted upon. And I congratulate the gentleman
upon his change of opinion. I congratulate the
country upon the bright prospect that awaits us
under the new Administration.
For myself, I have opposed this agitation from
the first to this time, and I think it behooves
us aTl to look where we stand, and where we
are going. As the gentleman from Indiana has
justly said, we do not stand where we did. This
agitation is leading us onwards and downwards
and no man can predict where it will end. A few
years ago, who thought that speeches, such as
were now delivered here, from time to time, would
ever be heard in this Hall ? What would have been
thought, in the early days' of the Republic, if
speeches, such as had been delivered by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Mann,] had been
heard? Where was the noble son of the South who
would have satand listened to such a speech, or who
would not have rebuked it m the face of the coun-
try, or left the Hall in a moment? A speech tra-
ducing the South—characterizing its citizens fas
among the most degraded in ti^ civilized world 
charging them with being semi-barbarians, ancf
knowing only a bowie-knife civilization! These
things must not be. We must not speak of each
other in such terms.
What would the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, who was himself at the head of the school*
system of that State, and who recently received
the thanks of the State for his services, think, if a
southern man should rise in his place here, with &
long array of crimcs committed, day after day, and
week after week, and characterize them as evi-
dences of the civilization of New England, or of
the effects of the school-system in hi3 own State?
What would he think, if a southern gentleman had
risen here, and pointed to arecent event—a trial then
just completed—of a son of New England for the
quadruple crime of seduction, adultery, murder,
and arson ? I allude to the case of Tirrell. True,
though he was guilty of all these crimes, and if
they had been perpetrated in the South, a southern
jury would have brought him in gurlty of all,and he
would have expiated his offence on the gallowsr
yet a Massachusetts judge'and jury, through th 
eloquence of a Massachusetts lawyer, pronounced
all these crimes—what? Seduction—adultery—
murder—arson? No—Somnambulism. [Laughter.]
New England finds honeyed terms for crimes com-
mitted there. But if done in the South—if the evil
passions which everywhere exhibit themselves,
from the pulpit to the lowest alley in the largess
city, should have been thus manifested by a mas-
ter towards his slave, or the crime committed upon,
a negro, it would have been blazoned to the day in
pictures and eloquent language, and would have
been sent throughout the world as the effect of •
slavery. But I have no taste for these criminations
and recriminations: they should never be heard in
this Hall. ,
Again, what do we see? I am sorry my col-
league from the northern district is not here, for
I have a word to say to him. Another resolution
has been introduced at this session to allow every
person in this District to vote—black and white,
all colors, bond and free—and against laying it oft
the table there were seventy-seven votes: among
them were the votes of men from Connecticut—a
State which, I believe, only three years ago, pro-
posed to allow negroes to vote, and by about three
to one, I think, the privilege was refused. These
gentlemen come here, and,m-the District of Colum-
bia, in the midst of a slaveholding population and
slaveholding States, place upon record their votes
that they desire to consider the propriety of placing
the negro on an equality with the white man. And
our friends from Pen-osylvania 
Mr. HENLEY interposed, and asked leave to
explain.
Mr. BROWN did not yield the floor. He ex-
pected, he said, when he had closed on this branch
of the question, to take another hour on another
branch. Gentlemen saw that he had forborne to
speak, and that he had not troubled the House
during the present Congress 
Mr. HENLEY" asked again for an opportunity
to explain. He did not, he said, like longer to sit
still under this charge.
Mr. BROWN. I have not said a word about
the gentleman, and therefore I cannot yield the
floor for explanation. The rules of this House
have become very lax of late, allowing gentlemen
to make speeches in the way of explanation. If a
gentleman has made a speech and placed any gen-
tleman in the wrong, the floor should be yielded
for explanation, but no further. I know the gen- ,
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Henley] and other
