1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
Democrats deny having had any intention by their
votes to allow negroes to vote, yet such has been
the inference drawn both North and South.
That is one State. There are others. The
people of Illinois have voted that no negro shall
come upon her soil; not only thar the negro shall
*iot have equal political privileges, but that he shall
not live there; yet there are some of the Repre-
sentatives of that State upon.this floor who voted
to agitate here whether he shall be a freeman and
equal with the white citizen of the District, in
Pennsylvania—my friend from the Beaver district
{Mr. Dickey] knows how warmly I urged in the
convention the exclusion of blacks while he was
stioi'gly in favor of the negroes—in Pennsylvania,
we have excluded negroes from voting, after a full
examination and a solemn adjudication of the sub-
ject. Yet I find from Pennsylvania men, whose
districts gave an almost unanimous vote in favor
of the exclusion of negroes from the right of suf-
frage, coming into this Hall, and voting to consider
-whether they shall have equal political privileges
with the whites in this District. I will say to my
friend from the northern district, [Mr. Wilmot,]
that when, in this Hall, he first offered his proviso
to the territorial bill, he repudiated all connection
with the Abolitionists; and I know, in a spcech
which he did me tha honor to send me, delivered
elsewhere, he said he had no sympathy with the
negroes; that all he did was for the white man,
for^ the free laborer of the North. Then (here
is the record) he voted to suppress all petitions
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
iumbia. His vote is not found then to aid this
abolition agitation; yet how do we find him voting
this session? Why, against laying on the table a
-bili to allow the negroes, both slave and free, to
vote in this District, and for a'lkquestions which
iave arisen for the agitation of the subject of the
abolition of slavery. £t shows (for I mean nothing
unkind to my colleague; I have no unkind feelings
-towards him) where we are going: like liftle chil-
dren, we begin by creeping, then we walk, and then
•we run. As my friend from Indiana eloquently said
the other day, in olden times we put this whole
agitation down. Now, agitating questions are
brought up from time to time; and when we look
to the records, we see that my friend from Indi-
ana, and other gentlemen who act with him, while
they say they don't want to agilate the subject of
slavery; that they do not want to create insur-
rections at the South: that they do not want to
interfere with the institutions of the South; that
they do not want to touch the institution of sla-
very in the States; that th.ey oppose its aboli-
tion here,—yet, when you bring them to vote,
they are found with the agitators. If we of the
North are honest, and do not believe slavery
ought to be agitated here, and that the domestic
slave trade, or slavery within the States, ought not
to be interfered with, why, let us rise as one man,
and honestly vote to exclude all these agitating ques-
tions, and tell our constituents so, as I have done
for the last twenty years. In every speech which
I have made, in the halls of legislation or else-
where, I have rebuked this spirit; and I have not
lost an election before my people for the last
eighteen or twenty years. I stand here now from
a district, my Democratic predecessor from which
voted for the reception of abolition petitions, yet
had lost his election by eleven hundred votes;
and I, who was known to be against their re-
ception, at the next election, was elected by a
majority of four or five hundred. So I speak the
sentiments of my people, which they knew I en-
tertained before I we/it before them.
I could go on upon this subject of allowing the
negroes to vote in other States. Many, and nearly
all of them, have refused to allow the negro to vote
at home, but their Representatives come here and
vote to confer upon him that privilege in this Bis-
trict. This is insulting to the South and unjust to
their own constituents. " First cast the beam out
of thine own eye, and then Shalt thou see clearly
to cast out the mote which is in thy brother's
eye," is a good rule, applicable to this case
And then, out of this House, I know something
of this subject. I was not bom in the South, as
the gentleman from Indiana was, though I lived
there—in old Virginia—the greater part of six or
seven years. I have no ties of feeling or of in-
terest which bind me to the South; all the asso-
ciates of my childhood and my riper years, all I
possess in property or reputation, belong to the
North. It is my own native place; but I speak
here the sentiments of duty, the dictates of my
own heart, what I believe is due to the whole
people of the United States, live where they may.
It is a feeling which I imbibed from reading the
early history of our country—the history of the
scenes of the Revolution—the patriotism, the elo-
quence of the sons of the South and of the North
, pleading and battling; for a common cause, and
! pouring out their blood on the common fields of
■ the South and of the North, fora common country.
; And the last pulse of*ray heart shall cease to beat
before I can know anything else than that they are
1 all my brethren—bone of my bone, and flesh of
my flesh; and if the North shall continue these
| aggressions, and attempt to make war upon the
I South, northern man as I am, I cannot now tell
on which side I would be found. I fear I would
j be on the side—I do not fear, but I know, I would
! be on the side of justice and right; and I mean by
i that, that I would be with the South; for I believe
I that justice and right is with them, and I prefer to
be right with them to being wrong with any
others.
! But out of this House, how is it in my own
i State, and in other States? Why, we have, in my
I estimation, violated the Constitution of the United
States; or, if we have not violated its strict letter,
■ we have violated every principle of fraternal feel-
!' ing, and of the spirit of that instrument, in passing
laws that interfere with the right of the southern
people to reclaim their fugitive slaves when they
f come into the northern States. The Constitution
ji says they shall be given up; and I hold it here
!j to be the duty of every northern State through all
I! its functionaries of Government, to exercise all its
ji powers to deliver up every fugitive slave that should
I! be found harbored within its borders; it is the
I, spirit, it is the word of the Constitution; it is the
j[ bond of the Constitution. Is not this irrigating to
Ij the South, and calculated to lessen their respecter j
[i the Union, thus to see the provisions of the Con- |
ji stitution set aside and the bond of brotherly love
;< disregarded, all for the purpose of robbing them i
, j of that which the law and the Constitution guar- 1
j anties to them ? !
I Mr. BRADY. Will the gentleman permit me .
■ to put to lum a question ? !
; Mr. BROWN. No; if I have said anything ,
j about what any gentleman has said or done which
i requires explanation, I am willing to yield; other-
! wise I cannot. j
j Outside of this House, I repeat, I know some- :
1 thing of this question. I was in Virginia at the i
! time, or shortly after the time of the insurrection !
[ at Southampton, and I listened to the eloquent
speeches there of gentlemen who looked then to j
see if something could not be done for theabolition |
j of slavery. This question was considered there j
'j for several years. Emboldened by the attempt of j
I Virginia to do something on the subject, I know j
! that the Abolitionists of the North immediately
! began to pour their emissaries into Virginia, and §
I to distribute their books with all the pictured hor- !
I rors of slavery, to induce the people there, I pre- ]
! sume, to go on with the subject of abolition. But (
what was the consequence' These publications j
were not guardedly sent to the owners; they |]
thought to do a double work: while theyenlight- j'
ened the owners as to their duty, they sought to !
enlighten the slaves as to theiis; and they told .
them, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddin'gs] ;
told them a few years since, when he was censured !
in this Hall, that they were right in breaking their j
bonds, even though it were at theprice of the blood
of those who owned them  i
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman is mistaken.
Shall I correct him? ;
Mr. BROWN. I referred to the Creole ease. !
Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes; I say the gentleman is .
wrong.
Mr. BROWN. No matter; every one can read
what the gentleman said for himself.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman is"fnistaken. "
I wish the opportunity to correct him. I insist
that the gentleman shall not misrepresent me.
Mr. BROWN. No matter; I take back, so far
as the gentleman is concerned, what I have said,
and refer to the record for the facts.
Mr. BAYLY, (in his seat.) He said it two or
three times in this Hall.
Mr. BROWN, (continuing.) I speak now of
what was done m the South. All these means were '
resorted to to excite the slave to insurrection, to !
stir within his heart the spirit of rebellion. Nay,
what do we see now all" over the country? Read
the papers, and you will see that these very abo~
lition agents are now there stealing negroes—not
only stirring them up to run away, but it is well
known that they are everywhere ready to receive
them, and that they have their emissaries in^the
slave States, inducing the slaves to run away.
Now, you who have never lived among the slave-
holders, what do you think it is to know that
these machinations are at work to stir up a savage
feeling of discontent, of rebellion, and of revenge
j> in the breasts of those who surround you? It may
I be all sport to you. It may be you believe yoa
•j are doing God service in endeavoring by these
ij means to emancipate the negroes. But have you
!' no feeling for the whites? Are the blacks only
your brothers? Is there no other race on this
j' earth or'in this country hut the negro? How
j; many whites would you sacrifice in the South to
j: abolish slavery? I fear, if some were to answer
j, from their hearts, they must say all, all, all, and
>: the victims would be too few, they would say, to
!: expiate the cruelties that have been inflicted upon
j1 the slave. This is the feeling I want to have re-
> l buked. Why, I know that women and weak men
live in terror. They do not doubt that if let alone,
i all would go on well; the harmony between the
races would rfot be disturbed; but it is this con-
tinual effort at abolition agitation, it is these em-
'' issaries, of the northern fanatics, secretly among
i them, whom they dread—perhaps not dread, but
j whom they have most to fear.
ji And what (I ask) is the justification for all this?
"Southern encroachments!" Our friends from
! j the North, whenever they attempt to justify any
attack upon the South, say, Oh! it is the southern
jj encroachments. Now, I ask them here, in all sin-
: cerity, to tell me wherein the southern encroach-
;j ments consist' I have misread the history of this
;'j country if they can point me to a single instance
;! where the South has attempted to trample upon
ij theTights of the North, or to interfere with their
ij domestic institutions in any way. When the peo-
'< pie of the northern States thought proper to abolish
i1 slavery, did their brothers of the South interfere?
I Did they attempt in any way to say, We entered
!! into this Union all as slave States, and you cannot
,i do away with slavery? No. When the North
j agreed to abolish slavery and send their slaves to
] the South, did the South shut theirdoors and say,
j; You 'shall not come here? When the North at-
: tempted to stop the foreign slave trade, did the
; South say, No? Did the South say, You are
!■ characterizing this trade as piracy, and making us
i odious, and bringing upon us discredit in the face
;i of the world, and we cannot join with you? I
jj never heard of it. I have always understood that
h the South went with the North to prohibit the
foreign slave trade, with all its odious character-
istics. I have yet. to learn that anything has been
done in the North on the subject of the abolition
of slavery anywhere, abroad or at home, that the
South has ever attempted to interfere or encroach
upon our rights.
But we are told—and that is the strong argu-
ment of our northern friends—that the institution
of slavery produces a political inequality against
the North. Why, that is very strange. In any
light in which I can view it, I think the political
inequality is against the South. What is political
inequality? It is placing representation upon
numbers that do not participate in the Govern-
ment. Now, look to Rhode Island. I see the
sunny face of my friend from Rhode Island [!VIr.
Cranston] before me: every man knows, that
until the adoption of the new constitution there,
every poor man was not counted as a citizen; that
the poor man was not entitled to vote.
Mr. CRANSTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. BROWN. I know the fact. I say, until
the adoption of the new constitution, no poor man
could vote in that State. Why, we know, that at
the time of the formation of the Constitution of
the Union, a large number of the States required a
property qualification for voters, and all those who
had'no property, and all free negroes, were counted
in their full numbers, to give Representatives here,
while the slaves of the South were only counted
three for every five. 1 may be wrong; but it
strikes me the political inequality is against the
South, and in favor of the North. Abolish sla-
very to-morrow, and every negro of the half mil-
lion in Virginia, and the tiiree millions in the south-
