406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
ern States, would be entitled to be counted om
in making up the basis'of representation in this
House, and this political inequality under which
the South now labors, would be done away.
" I intend now to postpone the consideration of the
whote question of slavery in the territories, far 1
trust to the indulgence of the chairman and of the
committee to Jiave another opportunity to express
my views on this br&neh of the subject; and I refer
to it now only to show where the encroachments
have been. When we formed our Union, or about
that time, we owned the Northwest territory, all
of which belonged to Virginia. Her right to it
may have been doubted, but we conceded it when
we took the gift from her. What did she do?
With alt her slaves,she said, Take it. You may
prohibit slavery there. Instead of encroaching
upon us, "Virginia, a southern State, made us the
donation of this magnificent domain to the free
laborers of the North This is one instance.
Next, we acquired .Louisiana. Gentlemen now
say* We only ask that there shall be no shi-very in
New Mexico and California, because those Terri-
tories are now free, and it would be encroachments
on the rights of the northern man to let the slave-
holder go there; but jf it was slave territory it
would be another thing; we would not ask you to
abolish slavery there. But when we got Louisi-
ana, and when Missouri presented herself here for
admission' into the Union, how was the question?
My friend from Indiana eulogized the mer> who
fixed the line of 36° as patriots deserving the
lasting honor of the country; but, then, my friend
did not vote the other day for 36° 30f; he did not
follow in the footsteps of those men whom lie eulo-
gized—he voted against it. What then? The
South did not encroach upon our rights in taking
in Missouri and Arkansas; but we cncroached
upon their rights; we took from them; it was slave
territory, and we made one-half of it free.
Then came Texas; and I was for Texas. I made
ihe first speech for Texas in the State of Pennsyl-
vania; I did all i could to waken up enthusiasm—
for I love the lone star, and I lake occasion to say
that there is not in the records of history, our own
included, anything that exhibits the idea of so no-
ble, so patriotic, so great a revolution, and so com-
plete. They were true American scions, and they
deserved to belong to the American family. But
what then ? • Texas was all slave territory; but did
we say as we say now of California and New
Mexico? We do not ask to change her institu-
tions; all we want is to have them continue as they
now are. Did we not take from the South one-
half of Texas ? Did the South encroach upon us,
then? Why, it looks very much to me as if we
had been encroaching upon the South, and not the
South upon us, I appeal to the Houue and the
country if this is not true. And now, after having
received as a gift from a sUve State the magaiii-
cent domain of the Northwest, and taken one-half
of Louisiana and Texas, we propose to take all of
California and New Mexico.
I am not speaking from the White House, nor
for any particular district, but to you, the Repre- ■
sentatives of the American people, and through j
you to the American people themselves. I hope ]
that the speech of my friend from Indiana will be !
bound up with mine, and that they will go out hand
in hand together. [Laughter.] But I trust that
his votes will not be appended. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
What do we of the North want? Do we want
emancipation ? Are we aiming at the emancipation
of the negro race ? My colleague from the Beaver
district [Mr. Dickey] will say yes; the gentleman
from the mileage district of New York [Mr. Gree-
ley] will say yes; the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddings] and the other gentleman from Ohio
[Mr.*RooT] will say yes.
Mr. ROOT, (in his seat.) What is it?
Mr. BROWN. That you are aiming at univer-
sal emancipation.
Mr. ROOT. Do you give way for explanation >
Mr. BROWN. No, 1 cannot, for my time is
brief.
What next? The vote given the other day by
my friend from the northern district [Mr. Wil-
mot] indicates that he desires the negro to be placed
on a footing of political and social equality 
Mr. W1LMOT. My vote indicates no such
thing.
Mr. BROWN. I am sorry it is on the record.
•Now, what do gentlemen from the North want?
Let us have some definite object. Is it the emanci-
pation of the negro race in all the States? I wish
I had time to show to this House what would be
the effects of such emancipation. I hope gentle-
men have pondered upon this thing, and looked
at it in all its aspects. To me such emancipation is
fearful, now or any time which I can see in the
future; for 1 can see but a-ehori way. It is fearful
to the white race, and still more fearful to the black
race. What do we see? All the men of the negro
racc that distinguish themselves at the present day,
of whom I know or have heard, were born and
raised in slavery. Will any gentlemen make the
comparison? Look over the whole African race,
and show me two-and-a-half or three millions of
free negroes in the United States, the West Indies,
or in Africa, and then compare them with the two-
and-a-half or three millions of slaves in the United
States, and say if the former are equal in physical,
mental, or moral cultivation to the latter. Slavery
may be an evil—an evil to produce good—for it
has pleased God in his wisdom frequently to place
nations as well as individuals in servitude imd bond-
age that they may ultimately be redeemed with a
better salvation.
I do not know what may be the ultimate des-
tiny of the negio race; but I know that now,
wherever free negroes establish themselves in
bodies they becoire deteriorated, instead of being
elevated. Some eighteen or twenty .years ago, we
established public schools for the negroes m'Phila-
delphia, with winch you, Mr. Chairman, are well :
acquainted, and the free negro population is no 1
better now than it was then. Where have the free j
negroes who have been educated even with the !
son of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr :
Pam'Rey,] and gone out into the world, exhibited '
talents? Roberts, who is now the Governor of >
Liberia, and Frederick Douglas the sun of the -
Aboiinpnisis, were they not bom and raised as
slj^yes ? Who is thai eloquent divine, who is now
thrilling the hearts of negroes in Liberia, and who
spoke to one of the most enlightened audiences in 1
Alabama?—Ellis, who was born and raised a slave, !
and who was a slave when he was received into
the ministry, and v/hm he was a proficient in the !
Greek, Hebicw, and Latin languages. Slavery, if 1
it be an evil, is not so great an evil to the negro
race, so far^s we can judge from results, as to the
white race, and to the country m which it exists; 1
and if any one deserves our sympathy, it is the ;
whites. Why cannot we leave it to the people of!
the States? One half  ' >
Here the hammer fell. i
Mr. BROWN- I beg to say, that I propose, 1
on the first opportunity that may present itself, to i
finish my speech. j
The CHAIRMAN gave the floor (from among
many competitors) to j
Mr. STRONG, who said that he had not risen ;
for the purpose of adverting at all to the subject of ;
the remarks of the gentleman [Mr. Brown] who i
had just taken his seat. He (Mr. S.) propo&ed to 1
avail himself of some other occasion more suitable ,
than the present to be heaid on that subject. He
emertaint:d some views upon it which had mflu-'
enced Jiis conduct, and which he desired to present 1
to the House before he was called upon to take any !
definite step that might be productive of practical |
results. His intention was to speak to the bill
before the committee, or at least in reference to the
policy of one of the appropriations which was con-
tained in it. He lefeired to that provision which
made appropriations for the transportation of the
United States mail between New "iorkand Liver-
pool, between New York and New Orleans, Ha-
vana, and Chagres, and between Panama and some I
point in the Territory of Oregon, to the amount of ■
$874,600. |
This subject had been pressed upon the attention' !
of the House at the last session of Congress, in' an 1
elaborate report by the chairman of the Committee '
on NavakAifairs. And when the report was pre- j
sented, accompanied by a bill or joint resolution, j
they were made the special order; and the chair- j
man of the committee, in an elaborate speech, pre- '
sented his views on the subject of ocean mail steam 1
packet communication.  
At that time he (Mr. S.) strove for an opportu- .
nity to reply to some of the views expressed by :
that gentleman; but lie strove in vain. Subse- ;
cjucntly, on one of the general appropriation bills,
in which there was a clausc ratifying the contract |
for the transportation of the mails from ChatlesEon
to Havana, he endeavored to obtain the floor for
the purpose of expressing his views in relation to.
these contracts, but he was again unsuccessful
Having at length succeeded in obtaining that op-
portunity, he desired at some length to examine
into the whole policy,and to see'whether it was
worthy of the favor it had received at the hands of
this Congress, and of those Congresses which had
preceded it.
This ocean mail steam packet communication was
a novel thing. -It was new to the world, if he was
not mistaken, it was less than three years since it
found a place in our legislation; yet, with all its-
1 novelty, it had proved so fascinating that the most
1 able and ardent advocates had been found here and
had succeeded in leading this and the other House
to measures which, in his opinion* would, if per-
sisted in, produce the largest results of evil. Con-
gress had entered upon a course of legislation and
embarked in a system of expenditures which if
not arrested, threatened to beggar our treasury,,
and to sacrifice many interests which were near anci
dear to our people.
Whilst Congress had been paying bnt little re-
gard to the conscqucnccs which this system was
calculated to produce, it had already abslracte^
from our treasury a sum of myney of w hich neither
the House nor the country were aware. The pol-
icy had been adopted without discussion, had beer*
pursued without investigation; and, although vet
only in its infancy, it had begun where°other
enterprises usually ended.
It was only two years and a half srnce the first
definite step in the system was taken. He be-
lieved that in June, 1846, the ftrst contract was
made by the Post Office Department for a hne be-
tween New York and Bremen, at an annua! cost
of four hundred thousand dollars. In March, 1347,,
three other lines were authorized; one from Nejv
Yoik to Liverpool; one from New Yoik to New
Orleans, by way of Havana, with a branch to
Cha^res; and one*from Panama to Oregon. And
still another hne had been authorized from Charles-
ton, by way of Savannah, to Havana.
Five contracts had been entered into within two
years and a half; and the Government had assumed
to pay to the owners of these lines the extraor-
dinary sum of one million three hundred and
twenty-nine thousand six hundred dollars. For
the support and maintenance of these lines, Con-
gress had assumed to pay more than thirteen hun-
dred thousand dollars annually for a period of ten
years.
Nor was this all., This was but the growth of
two and a half years. So easy had it been to
obtain the aid of the Government, that other lines
had been proposed, and still other lines had been
recommended by the Committee on Naval Afiairs
at the last session. They recommended a line
from New Yoik to Havie, and another fiom New
York to the mouth of the Elbe, a place distant
only about two humlied miles from Biemcn, the
terminus of the first line established. These 4ine 
would add to the expenditure a sum of not less than
eight hundred thousand dollars annually.
Nor was this all. The same committee had
proposed a line from a port in California to Shang-
had or Canton, which could not be maintained at
a much less cost than a million of dollars annually.
They also proposed a line from the mouth of the
Elbe to St. Petersburg, And the chairman of the
committee, in his able and interesting, but, as it
seemed to him,(Mr. S.,}fallaciousspeech, intimated
that no doubt other lines might be proposed which
had not yet been suggested.
This, the chairman said, was the American
system of steam mail packet communication. Il
was true, it was a splendid scheme; but he (Mr.
S.) feared that it would be found to contain more
blanks than prizes. He could not escape the con-
viction that it was time for Congress to pause
and consider whether this policy was to be further
pursued. The steps which had already been taken
could not be letraced. The Government could not
escape from its contract. The money must be
j paid; bu.t it might refuse to assume new responsi-
| bilities. At all events, the subject appeared to him
j to be sufficiently large to attract the attention of
Congress and of the country. And he desired to
have the attention of the committee, whilst he
presented some of those views which operated on
his mind, and which led him to oppose any further
extension of the pojjcy.
