1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
The advocates of the system had supported it
mainly on three grounds. And he must be per-
mitted to say, that the reasons they had assigned
why it should be sustained had not always been
the same, nor in fact, consistent at all times with
each other.
The adoption of the system had been urged as a
means of enlarging the conveniences of the mails; !
and, accordingly, the first contract was made with j
the Post Office Department, and was placed before j
the community as a means of enlarging these con- ;
veniences. In this form it was presented to the 1
approbation of the country. He thought it could i
not be difficult to show, that instead'of enlarging j
the conveniences of the mail, it was, and must |.
continue to be the most formidable existing ob- j
stacle in the way of that uniform system of postage l
which the country demanded. I
The harmonious voice of the people came upj
from every section of the country, and asked the j
utmost reduction of postage which was consistent j
with the established principle that the revenues of j
the department were to be equivalent to its expend- j
itures. From the earliest history of our Govern- [
ment to the present day, there had been no depart- '
ure, except in a single instance, from the principle, ■
that the mail conveniences-were to be extended
by the Post Office Department as widely as pos- j
sible, provided they were defrayed out of its rev- ]
enues. This exception occurred during the late |
war with Great Britain, when for a short period j
an additional postage of .50 per cent, was laid upon
letters, with a view to raising revenue for the sup-
port of the Government. That was soon aban-
doned,'and the principle had become settled that
the expenditures of the department wete to be pro-
portioned to its revenue. He knew of very few
persons who would be willing to depart from that
principle now.
Now, he asked how it happened that during the
past year the Post Office Department had not paid 1
all its expenditures, and laid up in our treasury a
large sum of money? One reason was, because ]
so large a sum of money had been appropriated \
to support these lines of ocean mail steamers. Had |
it not been for these contracts there would have j
been a large surplus of the revenues of the depart- i
ment, and no misgivings could be felt as to the j
feasibility and the propriety of a reduction of j
postage to a uniform rate of five cents, or perhaps I
three cents- j
The entire expenses of the transportation of the
mail upon all the roads in the country, during the j
year ending 30th June, 1847, was $2,495,000.\ It 1
was nearly the same last year; but he took the i
previous year, because the* statistics were more
full. The number of letters transported during
that year, according to the report of the Postmas- :
ter General, was fifty-two millions; the number of '
papery was fifty-five millions. The sum which j
had been contracted to be paid annually for the '
transportation of the mail by these "ocean steam j
mail lines, was -$1,329,600—more than half the j
amount which was. paid for the transportation of 1
all our mails over all the post roads of the country.
Now, it required but the statement of these
facts to show the uttar baselessness of the argu-
ment that the conveniences of the mail were en-
larged by the establishment of these lines of ocean
mail steamers. He was aware that but a part of
this §1,329,000 was charged to the Post Office De-
partment, but it was all properly a subject of ex-
amination when they were inquiring how far the
conveniences of the mail were enlaiged by the es-
tablishment of these lines.
What, then, was the return received from this j;
expenditure of $1,329,000 annually? Prom the
report of the Postmaster General, it appeared that I'
during the same year (ending 30th June, 1847) the ! \
number of foreign letters coming into the United H
States by the mail was 850,980. It must be recol- j j
lected, too, that these letters came by the English
as well as the American steamers, by the packet- 11
ships, by the ships from every foreign port. The (
entire number of all these letters coming through .j
the mails of the United States was 850,980—less
than one-sixtieth of the domestic letters; and yet j|
we paid more than one-half as much for the trans- J
portationof this one-sixtieth as wedid for the trans-
portation of all oar domestic mails. If there were : i
added to this 850,980 letters all the ship and steam- jj
boat letters, it would make an aggregate of less ]!
than .L,300*000. It appeared then,from this state- jj
ment, that the Government of the United States j]
had already by these contracts engaged to pay
more th*an one dollar for every letter which carne
to our shores from foreign lands.
There were no other data from which the reve-
nues actually received in consequence of the estab-
lishment of these lines of foreign mail steamers
could be computed. They seemed to be too small
to be separately noticed. The Postmaster General
stated that the amount received on the Bremen line
was §29,082 83.
Now, this one dollar for every foreign Ie&er,
this §1,300,000 annually, was paid by this Govern-
ment at the expense of the intelligence, the busi-
ness, and the social affections of the country. Our
mechanics, our farmers, our tradesmen, were all
taxed to support these foreign mail lines, and thus
were prevented from that unfettered intercourse,
tfiat free interchange of feelings and affections
which, but for these lines, they would be permitted
to enjoy.
In regard to one of these.lines established in
March, 1847, viz: the line between New York and
New Orleans, the Postmaster General told us that
it was utterly useless for the transportation of the
mails; yet for this line we pay §290,000 annually.
merce upon the larger waters; and were only adapt-
ed to such carrying, while the more important frade
of the coast seemed to be left out of view*
He protested against the system as a .most ex-
pensive plan for the increase of the navy. We had
contracts by which it was stipulated that the Gov-
ernment should pay out for this purpose the sum
of $1,329,600 annually—a sum almost sufficient to
build three steamships. This contract was to con-
tinue ten years. At the end of that time what were
we to gain ? Were we to have thirty war steamersy
fitted for all the uses to which the Government might
require them to be applied in a state of war?* So
far from this, we were only to have the chance of
.purchasing them at their value, upon the condition
that we shall still adhere to the system.
He affirmed, that if these contracts were to go
on, to be carried into a permanent system, the
Government wouid have to appropriate a sum not
less than twenty-two millions of dollars for the *
complete establishment of these lines. Still, we
were asked to prosecute the system: and he asked
in return, for what purpose it should be continued ?
What was to be gained by this annuity, or by the
  „ total amount of one millmn three hundred and
If the object v/ere really to extend and enlarge jj thirty thousand dollars? Wc were to get for it
' the mail conveniences of the country, it seemed to
! him that it could very easily be done by employ-
j ing, as far as necessary, every ship that left our
1 ports to carry letters for foreign countries, giving
; them, say one-half of the postage. In this way
I the foreign mail transportation, instead of being
an enormous tax, might be a source of revenue to
the Government, and in this way the mail conve-
niences would be enlarged. He regarded, there-
fore, the argument that these conveniences were
enlarged by the establishment of these lines of
ocean mail steamers, as having no foundation in
reason or in fact.
But equally unsatisfactory was the argument
which the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs [Mr. King, of Georgia] had urged at the
last session of Congress, when he had advocated
the establishment of these lines of mail steamehs
as the means of enlarging the navy. He had then
recommended this as the least expensive and the
least offensive mode of increasing our naval estab-
lishment. It might well be doubted whether the
circumstances and necessities of the country re-
not even the shadow of moonshine—not one war-
ship. We were only to get the privilege of taking
fifteen ocean steamers off the hands of the con-
tractors by paying for them their full value—a
right which the Government now held in virtue of
its own sovereignty, without contract. Yet, the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs still
urges the importance of additional appropriations
for similar objects. The system proposed an enor-
mous sacrifice for the procurement of a privilege
which the Government enjoyed already.
He was persuaded that if this system had been
fairly presented and fully discussed, it would never
have met with favor. It was rarely thecasethatgood
came out of any public measure adopted with so
little discussion as this system received when it
was fixed upon us. We had been content merely
to imitate Great Britain and France in this respect,
forgetting that the same thing which might be
wisdom in them might be folly in usw
But it had been urged, that by enlarging this
system of ocean steam navigation, we furnished
additional protection and encouragement to the
quired any large increase of our naval establish- commerce of the country. He yielded to no man
ment. But without entering into the consideration
of that question, he confessed himself unable to
comprehend the advantages which this system
presented to us in that respect; and yet it was the
argument upon which the gentleman from Georgia
most relied, and which he urged with the greatest
ability. The gentleman referred to Great Britain
and Prance as having derived great benefits from
this system of establishing lines of mail steamers
as a mode of increasing their navies, but he had
seemed to overlook the difference of our position
and that of those two countries. England and
France were two great maritime Powers in near
neighborhood with each other and with other mar-
itime nations. To them, as a means of attack or
of defence, doubtless a large naval establishment
was necessary; and the fact that one of these na-
tions was engaged in building up a steam marine,
imposed a similar necessity upon the other. But
howdifferent was the situation of theUnited States.
To us, for purposes of attack or even of defence, a j
steam marine was of little consequence. Far re-
moved from other nations, having no colonies ac-
; in his attachment to the great interests of com-
merce. He wouid go as far as any man to en-
courage the interests of commerce; that was to say,
as far as encouragement could be extended consist-
ently with the other great interests of the country.
The interests of commerce were not the only in-
terests to be regarded in legislation. He admitted,
of course, the possibility of aiding one-class of in-
terests by the legislation of the country, without
prejudicing others; but he did^not see how this
object could be carried out without positive injury;
and it certainly presented no hope of any corre-
! sponding benefit. There were gentlemen who had
j voted for this system, and who were, at the same
! time, opposed to the doctiine of the protection of
j domestic labor and capital; but this was protection
j in its most odious form. The friends of protective
| duties had never said less in support of their sys-
i tern, than that it was for the benefit of all classes
1 of the community, and they proceeded generally
| upon that plea. But here was a system fixed upon
. the country which selected no class of interests
upon which to confcr the slightest advantage; no
cessible by steam navigation, all the steamships m |j great branch of national industry was the object of
the world would be comparatively worthless. The
distance, also, between this country and other large
maritime Powers, employing steam-ships, would
prevent their being used effectually against us; and
the same reasons-which would prevent their being
used with success against us, would also render
them inefficient for the purposes of offensive op-
erations in European seas. So, also, for the pur-
its encouragement; but upon one mercantile firm-
one merchant—was bestowed all its encourage-
ments and advantages. Such a course of legislation
should never be persisted m with his appiobation
and support. He could not consent to see our
commercial inteiests thus taken into the charge of
tftfe Government. He lepeated, that he was by no
means unfriendly to the commerce of the country,
poses of the protection of trade, they must be pf j' but rejoiced in its growth. If there was any branch
extremely little value. It was only for defensive j1 0f all oqr great national interests which less than
operations that they could be used at all success- i| others needed the Rid of Government, it was our
fully; and for that purpose he admitted that they !' commerce with foreign nations. No fostering hand
might be valuable, if it were not that those now !j of Government had led our youth up to the second
being constructed weretoo large to be used efficient- j place in the commerce of the world. It was the
ly on our own coast. Some of the ocean steamers j energy of our merchants that had supported our
recently built in New York measured two thousand j foreign commerce and made it what it was. Our
eight hundred tons burden; and there was scarcely j merchants were the owners of every line of packet
a harbor on all the coast of the Atlantic into which
a vessel of such a capacity could enter. They were
of course built for the purposes of trade and com-
ships passing out from our shores. Ilelying upon
their own efforts, they had succeeded m monopo-
lizing nearly all the carrying trade of the country.
