408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 30,
They never came here for protection; they had not
asked for Government aid beyond what they found
most readily in their own right arm.
He was aware that this ocean steam navigation
was a new idea, and he had no doubt that it was
designed to extend the carrying trade with foreign
nations. But he was satisfied that the enterprise
which had originated and sustained this trade so'
far, would not fail us for the future. But it was
an utter mistake to suppose, that by enlarging and
extending these lines we were contributing ^ny
aid to the commerce of the country. So far from
this,*he confidently believed that it would inflict an
immense injury upon our commerce. Who did
not know that competition was the life of progress
in every department of business? These lines
would establish a perfect monopoly in the carry-
ing trade, against which it would be vain to come
into competition. If Government granted to a
New York merchant the sum of four hundred
thousand dollars, to enable him to run a line of
steamers between New York and Liverpool, he
would ask, how could, any other merchant think
of establishing a similar line between the same
ports without such Government patronage? He
could not do it, because he could not stand upon
the same platform with his competitor. He could
Only live, in such an enterprise, by the sufferance
of the governmental line. The same might be
said with reference to the lines between New York
and Bremen, and ^between New York and Havre,
should the latter ever be established.
As a consequence growing out of this policy, he
mentioned the fact, that now, at every session of
Congress, as had been the ease during the last
session and the present, there would .'.ock into the
lobbies numerous applicants for the aid of Govern-
ment in the establishment of lines of ocean steam-
ers. Encouraged by our former liberality, such ap-
plications would come from every important com-
mercial port in the country, modestly asking us to
grant them a similar annuity; and it was reason-
able that they should do so, because the Govern-
ment had set aside all competition in the case, by
conferring superior advantages upon individual
enterprises. He did verily believe that this sys-
tem would, in the end, do more to retard the prog-
ress of ocean steam navigation in this country than
all other causes combined, because it palsied the
hand of competition, by extending the aid of the
Government to a favored few, and saying to all
others, Stand off.
Gentlemen seemed to have assumed high protect-
ive ground in support.-of this policy. If, then, it
' were their object to foster commerce, he would
ask why it was that the merchants and people of
New York were favored, whilst those of Boston
and Philadelphia were passed by? Why were
Charleston and Savannah aided by the Govern-
ment, whilstB.-iltirnareand Norfolk were neglected?
Did the Government mean to say that no foreign
trade should be carried on, except from the ports
of New York,. Charleston, Savannah, and New
Orleans? Was an embargo to be laid upon all the
other ports of the United States? Why should
this discrimination be made to operate against
Boston, and Baltimore, and Philadelphia, and
Mobile? If Congress adopted these lines, no for-
eign carrying trade could be maintained at any of
these places; and thus it was that the Government
was about to lay a most effectual embargo on more
than half the ports of the country, so that r.o
farmer would be able to export his produce from
any other than these favored ports. He trusted
that the Government would not pursue such a
course of favoritism and discrimination between
ports and individuals. Let the same course be
pursued by the Government, in reference to this
matter, which he had recommended with regard
to the transportation of the mails, which was to
give an equal chance to all, and he was willingfb
abide the result.
Thus far, he had examined the arguments pre-
sented by gentlemen advocating the establishment
of these lines; and he considered that every one of
them contained the materials for their own refuta-
tion. But there were arguments against the estab-
lishment of these lines which had weight with him,
i3nd which he desired now briefly to present.
He doubted the constitutionality of all these ap-
propriations. He did not doubt the power of
Congress to regulate commerce, to provide for the
transportation of the mails, nor to provide for the
increase of the navy. But, to establish a line of
ocean steamers was quite another thing, Mid dis-
tinct from anything embraced by these powers of
Congress.. No man had ever- pretended that the
establishment of these lines pertained to the power
of Congress to regulate commerce... Every gentle-
man who had*appeared in support of the system
had derived his arguments in support-of the ap-
propriation from the powers of Congress to increase
the navy, and to provide for the transportation of
the mails. But they all regarded the increase of
the navy, and the transportation of the mails, as
but the incidental, pot the primary, object of the
establishment of these lines. Now, it was plain
that the constitutional power over the incident
could not include the principal. The power to pro-
vide for the transportation of the mails could have
no respect to the thing in which the mails were car-
ried, the transportation being merely the incident.
For illustration, (he said,) we were empowered
by the Constitution to provide munitions of war.
He would ask whether, under this constitutional
power, Congress was authorized to make to any
private individual a grant of the means necessary
for the establishment of a foundry for the manu-
facture of cannon for the Government? Here Con-
gress had power over the incident—the procure-
ment of the cannon; but they could not therefore
make a-grant of money to a private citizen to ena-
ble him to establish a foundry for this purpose.
This-case, however, was entirely different from the
question of the power of Congress to establish a
foundry of its own. Again: the Government made
use of'a large amount of cotton cloth, but no man
supposed that on this account Congress was au-
thorized to grant money to any citizen to enable
him to erect a cotton factory from which the Gov-
ernment might be supplied. Neither could any
man pretend that the use of leather for the mail-
bags authorized the appropriation of money to set
up a private citizen with a tannery to supply the
Government with leather; yet he apprehended that
it would be exceedingly difficult to show wherein
these cases differed from that under consideration.
Congress had power over the incident in the pres-
ent easfe, but not over the principal—the control of
the transportation of the mails, but not the power
to grant money to enable a private citizen to build
a ship.
He apprehended, that if this doctrine were ad-
mitted, there would be no limit to the interference
of the Government with every branch of trade. If
this principle was to obtain, no one could dispute
the power of Congress to make appropriations of
money to ajiy individual engaged in any branch
I of trade. It was certainly the safest policy to keep
j .within the line of acknowledged constitutional au-
! thority, and for this reason he was unwilling to
! support a proposition for the appropriation of
money to provide for objects never contemplated
by the framers of the Constitution.
But he objected, further, both to the establish-
ment and the further prosecution of these lines,
because, by the proposed system, the Government
was to become a partner in the individual, private
enterprises of the country. In all these unnatural
alliances both parties would be sufferers. Expe-
rience had fully shown that the affairs of Govern-
ment thrive best when they are kept distinct from
other interests. The good policy of separating her
interests from all banking institutions, was an im-
portant lesson which this Government had learned.
If the Government succeeded in any enterprise of
the sort, it would be at the expense of those who
might enter into competition with the Government,
and which would inevitably engender feelings of
estrangement and bitterness on the part of the citi-
zens.
To his mind, it seemed that there was a constant
tendency on the part of the Government to inter-
fere with the operations of the citizen; whereas,
true wisdom seemed only to require of the Gov-
ernment to defend the citizen from foreign inter-
ference. The crowning excellence of Government
was, that with unseen hand it should scatter its
common blessings over all, and suffer the arm of
its power to be felt only to protect, not to destroy.
The other course might give to a Government more
prominence; it might make a Government more
splendid; but the history of the world taught that
the splendor of Governments were always built up
at the expense of the masses. He objected, there-
fore, to every attempt to bring the Government into
partnership with citizens in the private enterprises
of the country.
He had yet other reasons to urge against these
appropriations, but he perceived that he should not
have time to enlarge upon them. He objected to
these lines because they would give an undue prom-
inence to our foreign trade. He considered that
we were bound to give an even chance to every
branch of trade. While we were establishing these
ocean lines, he desired to know what was doinp- for
the great interests connected with the internal
trade of the country? It was refused to appropri-
ate a single dollar to remove the snags from the
Mississippi, to improve the harbors on the lakes
or remove the rocks which obstruct their naviga-
tion. The fact was, that the domestic trade of The
• country was far heavier and more extended than
the foreign trade; in it the people generally were
far more deeply interested; and upon it the wealth
and welfare of the country were far rnore depend •
pnt. Yet this system of ocean steam navigation
had so far been prosecuted at the expense of the
vast internal trade, and to its entire neglect. We
had been giving prominence to a single port and a
few individuals of the country, to the utter neglect
of the great internal interests.
He objected, also, to the proposition for these
lines, because it involved an effort to conceal the
real design of legislation. If the object were to
facilitate commerce, or to increase the navy, why
not avow the principle openly, and let us have a
bill with a corresponding title, and let it go forth
to the country. Thus the people would be in-
formed of the objects of legislation, and say to
us whether they were willing to pay these large
annuities for the increase of the naval establish-
ment, or for the benefit of the foreign carrying
trade. Let us call things by their right names,
and not, under the modest style of ocean mail
steamers, prosecute another object of legislation.
But he found that he would be unable to complete
his argument. He had summarily referred to
some of the conclusions by which his course was
directed upon this question, which he had laid
before the committee in a hurried and ill-digested
manner, with the purpose of writing out and pub-
lishing more at large hereafter. He hoped thus to
succeed in calling the attention of the committee to
this subject; for he did think that it had not yet
received the discussion which it demanded. He
hoped that other gentlemen, better acquainted
with its details, would so unveil the subject before
the committee and the House, that hereafter we
might vote understanding^ whenever we might
be called upon to act upon the question of the
establishment of these lines. •
Here the Chairman's hammer fell.
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise,
in order that he might in the House introduce a
resolution to close debate on this bill. There were
a number of amendments which would be offered,
and which, under the five minutes' rule, could be
explained. He was anxious, if possible, to get
rid of this and the other appropriation bills.
The question having been taken and decided in
the affirmative, the committee rose and reported
progress.
TERMINATION OF JHE DEBATE.
Mr. VINTON offered the following resolutiog:
Resolved, That debate in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on House hill No. 699, making appro-
priations for t'ne navat service for the year ending ttie 30th
of June, 1850, shall cease in ten minutes after the House
shall again resolve itself into Committee of the Whole gp
the state of the Union on the said bill, and the committee
shdll then-proceed to vote oil &uch amendment.-; as may be
offered.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. VINTON demanded the previous question
upon its adoption.
Mr. MILLER moved that the House adjourn.
And the question having been taken, the House
refused to adjourn.
The question recurring on seconding the demand
for the previous question—
Some conversation took place between Mr.
BROWN of Mississippi, and the SPEAKER,
concerning the right to the floor.
After which, the demand for the previous ques-
tion was seconded; and the main question (being
on the adoption of the resolution) was ordered to
be now taken.
The yeas and nays on the main question were
asked and ordered.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the House ad-
journ.
