1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
trict court, and has perhaps to wait in attendance
upon the court during the whole nine months, not
knowing at what period his case will be taken up
for consideration. This evil, it should be remem-
bered, instead of diminishing, will inciease; for,
since the annexation of Texas, her population has
more than doubled, and, consequently, the busi-
ness of the court has doubled. During the next
three years the population will most probably
double again. An immense emigration is now set-
ting in, and settling from the Rio Grande to the
Sabine, and this emigration carries with it causes
which will bring jurisdiction to this court. The
result will be, that this court will be unable to trans-
act all the business that comes before it, causing
great delay and pecuniary detriment to individual
suitors. I feel warranted in saying, from my own
knowledge, which I have acquired, not by attend-
ance upon the court as a member of the bar at Gal-
veston, but from suitors and individuals, that, if
no arrangement is made to supply Texas with ad-
ditional courts, this district court, sitting from the
first day of January to the last day of December,
cannot get through with the business before it. It
is for these reasons, sir, that the passage of this
bill is asked, and not for the establishment of any
more offices; for I am decidedly against the increase
of patronage or the augmentation of offices unne-
cessarily. It is for the benefit of litigants that we
ask for the establishment of these offices.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I was in favor of this bill
before the committee, and with refeience to the
interests of the United States exclusively. I think
those interests require the establishment of this
saparate court. My honorable friend from Kew
Jersey [Mr. Dayton] errs, I think, in looking to
population as the chief rule that should control in
establishing such courts. The character of the
country—its condition, extent, and nature of its
trade, and its past history and probable causes for
increased litigation, all should be considered. Now,
sir, looking at the State of Texas, you find she
has a western _ border of upwards of a thousand
nules adjoining Mexico. Does not everybody
know, that unless you have vigilant revenue ofh-
ceis to prevent smuggling, and, if committed, to
detect and prosecute it, the who^e line, from the
mouth of the Rio Grande to Santa Fe, will be lined
with smugglers? You should have a separate
court there, a separate marshal and attorney, and
if you do not, and leave things as they now are,
with the court and its officers not within hundreds
of miles of the place where the causes of suit arise,
facilities will be afforded for the evasion of the
laws. It is important that the revenue suits should
be speedily settled. The State courts cannot have
jurisdiction of any such causes.
Again, there are tribes of Indians in Texas,
numerous, warlike, and dangerous, unless deli-
cately treated. At the last session we passed a
law, by assent of the Legislature of Texas, extend-
ing all the laws regulating the trade and intercourse
with the Indians to that State. All the cases
arising under these laws must be decided by til?
Federal courts in the State, and with despatch.
The United States should have, for the preserva-
tion of peace with the Indians, exclusive jurisdic-
tion of all these cases. There can be no doubt
there will be numerous cases of this character.
Further, Texas has a seacoast of several hun-
dred miles, and several commercial harbors, and
there will be no little admiralty and mai ltime busi-
ness there; and then there are the old Spanish and
Mexican grants, some the subject of treaty stipu-
lation in the late treaty with Mexico, all of which
must be decided in the Federal courts. In no case
should those who reside out of Texas be obliged
to encounter in her State courts the prejudices
arising from local interests and influences of her
citizens, but should have an impartial tribunal
afforded them. This is the great object of estab-
lishing Federal courts.
But the expense is objected to. I have no pa-
tience with this kind of objection. We constantly
have applications from other sections of the Con-
federacy for money and contracts by the hundreds
of thousands and even millions of dollars; some
for one thing and some for another, most of them
under pretence of protecting commerce, extending
commerce, expanding commerce, enlarging com-
merce. and so forth, and we have granted them im-
mense sums to start various speculations and pro-
jects, and yet it is objected to pay four or five
thousand dollars a year for this court on your
southwestern frontier. This is the usual justice
and liberality dispensed to the States at the extrem-
ities. I have no doubt that for twenty years to
come Texas will have* thrice the business in her
Federal courts that New York has. One court
cannot despatch the business, and I doubt if even
two are found sufficient. I regard the passage of
this bill as highly important.
I had intended to offer some amendments to the
bill which the Judiciary Committee haveapproved
of, but they can be offered in the House, and at
the request of my friend from Texas I refrain from
submitting them here, as they might occasion
delay and embarrass the passage of* the bill this
morning.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
various amendments mude in Committee of the
Whole concurred in, and the bill was read a third
time by unanimous consent, and passed.
CAMPBELL, MYERS, AND CLARKE.
On motion of Mr. METCALFE, the previous
orders were postponed, and the Senate proceeded
to consider a bill for the relief of W. R. Campbell,
George Myers, and j; B. Clarke.
The bill was considered, and read a third time
and passed.
RAILROAD ACROSS ISTHMUS OF PANAMA.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill making com-
| pensation for the transportation of the naval and
military stores across the Isthmus of Panama.
Mr. DOUGLAS withdrew his motion, made on
the previous day, to refer the bili to the Committee
on Military Aftairs.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
submitted by Mr. Douglas on tlie 30th ultimo,
! and printed m this paper of the 31st.
' Mr. DOWNS moved toamend the amendment,
by striking out the word "directed," m the fourth
line, so that it will read "the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is heieby, authorized to enter
into a contiact with William H. Aspjnwall, John
L. Stephens, and Henry Chauneey," <fcc.
Mr. BENTON. There will be no objection, I
think, to that amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 would like to be informed
why the Senatoi from Louisiana desires tins
amendment to be made?
Mr. DOWNS. 1 desire that it should be made
so as to leave it discietionary with the Secretary
of the Navy whether or not he will enter into the
proposed contract.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no objection'to the
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was then
agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to ask my hon-
orable friend fiom Illinois whether the provision
contained m the ninth and tenth lines ol Ins amend-
ment, providing lor the transportation of the mails
of the United States, cont'oims to the decree of the
Government of iNew Granada under winch this
charter has been granted? If it does not, 1 think
it should be made to conl'oim thereto. The article
of the decree to which my attention has been
called, on looking over the documents, reads as
follows. It is the 22d article;
"The whole correspondence coining from the Termories,
ofilie Republic, or tioui toit-ign e.juutne>, to he tiam-poiied
over tins railioad, ma> be us dounauon, shall
be indispensably delivered tn&t to the admim.-Uatiofi of
the mails or the plate .it v\lu«,h it an ivys fur pu>munt ot the
postage. The company solemnly engage-? to receive no
other packages, oi coi ie?-poiidi'hce than tuo?e delivered to it
by ihe adininu-trauon ol the snaih, lor transportation on the
raihoad to the poit at which they are fhippt d, or the poit of
the isthmus to which they may he directed, lying on the line
'ot the said load, in eontornut> with the pi ovision& which the
Executive powet may make un the subject, and al-o with
tiio-e which may he made for the tiamit and carnage ot
the correspondence of joieian nations on"the laihcad, in
virtue of convention concluded, or which ma) be concluded,
between the Government ot the Republic and the taut na-
tions. A fp^cnil agreement shall be made between the
Government and the eompatij regulating the payments- to be
made to the company tor the tianspoitation of the cone-
t>pondenee which may he earned over tlie laihoad : it bung
hencetorwaid undeietood t .at the company i  bound to
tian&poit, without dela>, an} eoirespoiuience which may be
delivered to it. and that the pi ice ot such ti asportation over
the whole length ot the^aid road shall not exceed eight reals
per quintal."
I understand that a real is worth about twelve
and a half cents and that a quintal is one hundred
and twelve pounds.
I think, trom that provision of the law, that the
whole matter of the transpoitation ot the mails
across the road is a subject of regulation and treaty
between that Governmentand the companyvand
that this Government cannot contract with the
company upon that subject, but we must first make
our contract with that Government, and then allow
that Government, under this regulation with the
railroad company, to manage the entire business of *■
the transportation of the mails across the isthmus.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I would state
to the Senate, in relation to the suggestion of the
Senator from Kentucky, that if it had not been
provided that the mails of the United States should
be earned over this road as property oj the United
Stalest the Senator would be right m supposing
that that part of the bill to which he has alluded
would not be in conformity with the decree of the
Government of New Granada. But the proposi-
tion here is for carrying the mails, army and naval
supplies, munitions of war, troops, and all prop-
erty of every description belonging to the United
States, provided that the annual sum to be paid
for such transportation shall not exceed a gross
amount. This, therefore, indudes-the mails, and,'
in that point of view, I apprehend that the pro-
vision is perfectly correct. We should have to
make a special contract for carrying the mails,
were they not included in the gross amount to be
transported; but, being so included, I apprehend
that the objection of my friend from Kentucky is
entirely obviated.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, in order
to test the sense of the Senate upon the subject, I
move to strike out the words '' mails of the United
States" in the ninth and tenth lines of the first sec-
tion of the amendment; and 1 would state to the
Senator from Illinois that'retaining the words
which I propose to strike out can have no good
effect whatever, and may lead to mischief.
Mr. DOUGL.AS, I will state to the Senate thafc
my idea upon that point is this: If these words be
stricken out, we shall have to pay for carrying the
matiS in addition to the sum now proposed; where-
as, if they be left in, we shall not have to pay
anything in addition to the sum proposed in my
amendment for carrying the mads. The only dif-
ference, therefore, is that, if this motion prevails,
we shall have to pay more money than we would
if the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky should be rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The effect of my amend-
ment, if it prevails, will be this: According to the
principle of the law which I have just read, this
entire subject of the transportation of the mads of
the United States is to be regulated by the Govern-
ments of the two countries, and not by the com-
pany. We must make an arrangement with the
Government ot New Granada in regard to this
: matter. If we do not do it, then, sir, the company
which constructs the railroad will be compelled to
do it; and if you retain the provision which I pi op-
pose to strike out, you will impose upon them the
obligation to make an arrangement for carrying our
mails, when the Government of New Granada says
it shall be regulated by treaties with foreign na-
tions. By retaining this provision, you will throw
the duty of making this arrangement upon the com-
pany, when the very face of the charter itself
shows that the Government of New Granada have
retained the right to make the anangement with
our Government. I think it best to leave this
point, where the charter places it, to be settled by
the two Governments, and, therefore, to test the
sense of the Senate, I move to strike out that pro-
vision.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, I understand
that the mails of the United States are to be car-
, ried across the isthmus over this road by a special
| agent, without the intervention of any post office
whatsoevei—taken across like any other freight.
That is the manner in which the mails are now
i carried across, and it is expected that all freight
will go exactly in the same way. It is for our
own security that we have inserted the *word
''mails," to prevent the company from exacting
anything from us for carrying them in addition to
the sum mentioned in the bill. We are perfectly
, satisfied if they go across in the same way m
which the British mails go across the istluou s.
■ The Government of New Granada is satisfied with
• the same, and it is therefore my opinion that there
is ho necessity for striking out the words which
' the Senator fiom Kentucky has read. And his
coneiusioii'is piecisely the reveiseof the condu-
; sion at which I would arrive. He thinks that the
i striking out would do no harm, if it does no good*,
