m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. SI,
Edwards] prevail. He was perfectly witling that
the biliffhouM he printed,examined,and discussed
folly. He was not so mueh opposed to the motion"
of the gentleman from Georgia as he was opposed
to the motion of the gentleman from, illinois. [Mr.
Wentworth.} The disposition thus manifested
to force a bill of this character through the, House
uporr three minutes consideration, was most ex-
traordinary. As to the question raised by the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr, Burt,] he
admitted there was force in it. How far Congress
had the right to legislate upon any question, in
any way involving the right of property in slaves,
even in this District, was worthy of the gravest
consideration. The question presented by the biH
is not, whether Congress may destroy property in
slaves,(that would beabolition,and on such a prop-
osition no southern man could hesitate,) but the I
question issimp!^, whetherCongress may do in- this
District, what almost'all the slave States have done
within their respective limits—prohibit the intro-
duction of slaves as merchandise or for sate. And
even this was-not without its difficulties and em-
barrassments. He was not on that account for
shrinking from it. The question was before us,
and we must consider it. For himself he was
ready to meet it, to act upon it as upon every other
respectful application coming from those who had
a right to make such application. The people of
the District had the right to make this application.
It was our duty to consider it; and he would go
further, and say it was our duty to grant it, if we
could do so without prejudice to the rights of
others, and ^without transcending our constitutional
powers. Whether in the end we vote for or
against the bill, let us refer it, print it, and give it
proper and respectful consideration.
Mr. B. trusted he had not been misunderstood;
for it was known, that to a southern member,
this was a delicate question. He had expressed
his honest views—views which he desired to carry
out in good faith. He did very well know, that if
the South were let alone—if they were not posi-
tively ill-treated, the North might be assured they
would come up and do what was right. They
stood together now for their owt\ preservation,
and nothing less than unity in their councils could
be expected of them in the present crisis. If indi-
vidual members did not always vote exactly ac-
cording to their views of right upon these ques-
tions, it was because of this known, and now
universally acknowledged, necessity of unity and
concert among ourselves. When a sleepless and
dangerous enemy stood at our doors, we felt the
necessity of acting together. Let that enemy with-
draw—let us out into the open sunshine, where
we could look upon the same sun that you look
upon—where the air, the land, the water, every-
thing could be seen in common and enjoyed in
common—and we should be ready to meet you as
brethren, and legislate with you as brethren. But j
so long as yon keep up this pressure, these endless,
ceaseless, ruthless, assaults upon us, we must stand
together for defence. In this position we must re-
gard you as our enemies, and we are yours,
i Mr. STEPHENS said he had not seen this bill,
nor had he heard U read", as he had come in .the
House since it had been under consideration. But
with the general tenor of the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mi;. Brown] 'he fully
concurred. He thought our legislation for the
District ought, as far as it was constitutional and
proper, to conform to the wishes of the citizens
nere. But he understood the gentleman (who was
on the committee that reported this bill) to say
that it gantamed a provision which had not been
asked for in the petition of the City Council, at
the instance 6f wmosc memorial it had been pre-
sented. Now, for himself, he wished simply and
briefly to say, that he had no objection to the pas-
sage of any law upon this subject, upon the request
and petition of the constituted authorities of this
District, of sinnW character and import of the ex-
isting law in the State of Maryland, as well as his
own State, upon the same subject. He under-
stood that the laws of Maryland prohibited the
introduction of slaves within the limits of that i
State for sale or merchandise. Such a law existed 1
in Georgia. It did not prohibit a person from j
bringing slaves into the State for their own use,
but from bringing them for sale and traffic. And
he had no objection to the passage of such a law
for this District if the proper authorities desire
Mr. BROWN (interrupting, and Mr, S. yield-
ing) said the hill, as it was* originally presented to
the committee, authorized any peison residing'in
the District to bring in, for his own use, any num-
ber of slaves he might think proper. But that
clause was stiicken out by the committee, and the
restriction inserted that no slave should be brought
in, except obtained by marriage, inheritance, or be-
quest. There was no doubt that this clause of the
bill did prohibit any citizen from going beyond the
limits of the District to purchase a slave for his
own tisR.
Mr. STEPHENS continued, and said, if the
bill upon the table contained a clause, as stated by
the gentleman*from Mississippi, not allowing a
resident of tFie District to purchase a slave eTse-
wheie for his'own bona Jide use, to bring such
slave within the District and hold him as such, he
should certainly vote against it. In his vote he
should be governed solely by considerations of
what he thought to be the right of the case, irre-
spective of any and &11 other influences. He cared
neither for the pressure within or without, from
the North or the South. Before^voting, however,
he wished to see the bill printed, and know ex-
actly what it contained; and that they might have
an opportunity for that, he would move that the
House now resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, on the navy bill;
and this subject will hereafter.come up, when they
would know more about it.
Several Members seemed  ow to insist upon
the previous question.
The SPEAKER said, if the previous question
were sustained, the fiisi question would be on the
reference to the Committee of the Whole on the
state, of the Union.
Mr. ASHMuN said, if the bill were referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it would never be reached. Pie desired to
know if the friends of the bill had not a right to
ask that it lie over and be printed? He would
greatly prefer such a disposition of the bill for the
present. If the further consideration were post-
poned till to-morrow, or next day, it "would then
stand at the head of business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. STEPHENS said his motion would answer
the same purpose which was sought to be attained,
by leaving the bill on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will waive
his motion for a few moments, the Speaker, by
general consent, will lay before the HousS a mes-
sage which was received some days sincc from the
President of the United States.
Mr. STEPHENS having waived his motion
accordinclv—
The SPEAKER laid before the Hoase the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To (he Howe of Repreiciifcitvcs of the United Strfcs:
I communicate, hetewitji, repoi t< front the secretary of
War aisti the Sec retary of lite Navy* together with the ac-
companying document*, m answer to a resolution of the
Hou-e of Representatives of December 00,1848, requesting
the President " to communicate to th<> Hmi*e Uik amount of
' monp\« am? pjopertv leceived during the late war with the
1 Republic of Mexico at the different ports of entry, or in any
c othf r way, within her iiimts, and in what manner the same
c has been expended or appropriated.,s .
JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, January 29,1849.
Ordered, That j-aid me^aae and accompanying documents
he referred to the Se)fct Committee ^appointed on the nie<?-
^a«e of the President m relation to military contributions
levied in Mexico, and that said message and accompanjing
documents he printed.
The SPEAKER then proceeded (still under -.on-
sent) to lay before the House certain bills from the
Senate on the Speaker's table.
The joint resolution in respect to the counting
the votes of President and Vice President coming
up—
Mr. HENLEY said he believed that the busi-
ness before the House was the bill which had
been under discussion relating to slavery in the
District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER said, that by general consent,
the Chair was proceeding to lay before the House,
bills, &c., from the Senate, on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HENLEY objected.
The SPEAKER said, the question would then
be on the motion made by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. ^ <v
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, inquired of the Speak-
; I
er what was the position of the bin whichhad beere
under debate ?
The SPEAKER said it would go on the Speak-
er's table, with other bills upon their encryossment
Mr. ASHMUjtf. ' Wtlf it not be the first sub-
ject for consideration when the committee shall be
again called for reports?
The SPEAKER. It will ta&e its place on th&
fife of bills on their engrossment.
Mr. ASHMUN. Then I ask the gentleman
[Mr. Stephens] to move to postpone the consid-
eration of the bid to a day ceitain.
Mr. A. then said he would ask for information
from the Chair, if a motion was made to postpone
the bill if? relation to the District of Colombia
until to-morrow, and if it was placed at the head
of orders on the Speaker's table, and ordered to be
printed, would it not be the first up foreonsider-
ation at any moment when the House should pro-
ceed to business upon the Speaker's table? Could
not a majority effect this?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the bi-il bemade
a special order for to-morrow. The Chair thinks
the bill would be first on the file in case the House
should now go into Committee of the Whole oi>
the state of the Union. So that, if the House a I
any time after the hour devoted to reports of
committees should vote to go to business on the
Speaker's table, afte? bills on their first reading
from the Senate, and perhaps some other bills on
the calendar had been disposed of, this bill, as the
unfinished business of to-day, would be the firs!
bill up on the question of engrossment.
Mr. HENLEY withdrew his objection, (here-
tofore noticed.)
The SPEAKER said, that by unanimous con-
sent, the bill might be made .the special order for
to-morrow.
Objections were made.
The SPEAKER. The question is on going
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GREELEY proposed, that by unanimous
consent the bill should be printed.
Mr. McCLELLAND said he had understood
the chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, [Mr. Chapman,] in the few remarks he
had submitted to the House this morning, to indi-
cate, if he (Mr. McC.) correctly understood himr
that he intended to propose an amendment or sub-
stitute to the bill. If so", he would suggest the
propriety of having that also printed, so that the
House might have the whole subject before it.
By general consent the printing of the bill and
Mr. Chapman's substitute were ordered.
PRESIDENT AKD VICE PRESIDENT.
The House, by general eonsent^proceeded to the
consideration ot the joint resolution from the Sen-
ate, for the appointment of a joint committee " to
ascertain and report a mode of examining the
votes for President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States, and of notifying the persons elected of
their election
The resolution was read, considered, and agreed
to.
RELIEF OF TIMOTHY CAVAN.
The bill from the Senate for the relief of Tim-
othy Cavari coming up, and having been read n
first and second time by its title—
Mr. SCHENCK asked that the bill might be
put upon its passage at this time.
The SPEAKER said it could be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SCHENCK asked it. lie hoped (he said)
that the House would allow him to state the facts.
Or, if the House preferred, he would call in an o!(l
fellow, in a red hunting-shirt, and let him make
his statement himself. He was in the lobby*
somewhere about.
[Cries of "Bring him in—show him."]
Mr. SCHENCK (continuing.) He was an old
soldier of the last war with Great Britain, though
he did not serve in the war recently terminated.
He has been disabled ever since.
By general" consent, the bill was read a third
time and passed.
On motion of HUDSON, the bill making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30,1850, and the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto, were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. t
