1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
gratuities. I found upon examination, however,
that the widow of Commodore Decatur has re-
ceived nothing—not one cent. The Senator from
Florida was perfectly correct in his statement,
when the bill was up before, as to this fact. The
resolution that passed Congress authorizing her to
receive a certain pension as the widow of a de-
ceased officer of the United States' service, gave
her the option to receive the pension allowed under
the general law, or to take the advantage of a spe-
cial act passed for her benefit. Unfortunately for
herself, she chose to take the benefitjof the general
law; and that law having expired by its own lim-
itation, she is now in the receipt of nothing at all
from the Government. Although there appears to
be some propriety in giving to the nieces of Com-
modore Decatur—for whom he entertained the
strongest affection—a portion of the amount to be
allowed as a gratuity to the widow and heirs of
those who participated in that brilliant action, yet
it appears to me it is going too far to grant the
allowance to these nieces, as contemplated by this
amendment. His widow, I think, should have at
least one-half of the amount of this gratuity' while
the other half might be distributed to these nieces,
if you choose. Unless she receives the larger por-
tion of this money she will be placed in possession
of but a mere pittance, and that, too, when she is
now almost in a destitute condition. I wish the
Senate would turn their attention to this matter.
For one, I have had my feelings strongly en-
listed in behalf of Commodore Decatur's widow;
for I know Commodore Decatur was a proud man,
and he would have given his whole estate to her
rather than she should be placed in a condition
almost of destitution. The estate left her—possi-
bly through some extravagance; I will not say that
was the case, however—was, at the time of the
Commodore's death, subject to heavy mortgages,
to meet which the larger portion was exhausted.
I throw out the suggestion, that if the Senate is
disposed to include in this distribution these nieces
of Commodore Decatur, not more than one-half of
the whole amount be allowed to be divided among
them.
Mr. DIX. I am perfectly willing to assent to
the suggestion of the Senator from Alabama, if
the amendment, thus modified, will be satisfactory
to him—the widow of Commodore Decatur to re-
ceive one-half of his share of the money, and the
other half to be distributed among his three nieces,
they receiving one-sixth each.
Mr. KING. Do I understand the Senator from
New York as accepting my proposition of a modi-
fication of his amendment?
Mr. DIX. If I understood the proposition as
stating that the widow should receive one-half of
the money, and the three neices the other half, i
will accept it.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I wourd prefer
that the question should be taken upon the amend-
ment in its original form. I understand this to'be
a bounty proposed by Congress to the officers and
crew that burnt the frigate Philadelphia. It is in-
tended as a bounty, so far as Commodore Decatur
is concerned, to those persons to whom, if alive,
he would have distributed it. I really cannot per-
ceive any reason why one moiety of the sum should
be given exclusively to the widow, and the other
three heirs permitted to share only in the .residue.
I think they should all stand on an equal footing.
My information on this subject is, that Commo-
dore Decatur designed to have made these ladies
his heirs, and that he abstained from making a will
under the impression that the feeling of his own
bosom was shared, in the same degree in which it
was entertained by him, by his wife. If, unfortu-
nately, differences of opinion have since occurred
.in the regulation and distribution of this bounty,
we ought to look to the time when harmony ex-
isted among all parties. I think the wishes of
Commodore Decatur would be best fulfilled by
placing each of these ladies upon an equal footing,
and I would prefer the amendment in its original
form. I would suggest, therefore, to the Senator
from New York, that instead of accepting the
suggestion offered by the Senator from Alabama
as a modification of his [Mr. Dix's] amendment,
it should be moved as an amendment 10*the original
amendment, and take the sense of the Senate upon
it in that form.
Mr. DIX said he would act in accordance with
the suggestion of the Senator from Georgia. He
would not accept of the suggestion previously made
by the Senator from Alabama as a part of his
amendment, but would prefer that the Senator
from Alabama should move it as an amendment
to the original amendment, and that the sense of
the Senate should be taken upon it in that form.
Mr. KING. The Senator from|Georgia has not
adverted, 1 presume, in the remarks he has made,
to the provisions of the general bill. If he had
done so, he would ha've perceived that my amend-
ment is in accordance with its provisions. In the
general provisions of the bill, we do not interfere
with any collaterals, however many there may be,
and in the cases of some of these officers and crew
there were collateral relatives equally dear to them
as were these nieces to their deceased uncle. Why,
then, should we suffer the widow of one officer or
one man who partook in this achievement, to re-
ceive the whole amount of her deceased husband's
share of this money, and deprive another, who is
the widow of the most gallant, or certainly one of
the most gallant officers this country has ever pro-
duced, of the whole of her share, except a bare
participation with many others, who are merely
the collateral relatives of her deceased husband.
True, these nieces were, in some degree, con-
sidered by Commodore Decatur as his children.
They were thus considered, so far as his affec-
tions led him to furnish what was necessary for
their subsistence and comfort. But, sir,* you draw
a distinction here, if the original amendment pre-
vails, between the widow of Commodore Decatur
and the widows of other officers, certainly not
entirely just towards her. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, whether the widow of Captain
Lawrence, provided his brothers or sisters, had
had daughters, should have received the whole of
her share of this money, or whether it should have
been divided among the nieces of Captain Law-
rence and herself? This is an invidious distinction,
and against the widow of the principal officer who
performed a most gallant act—an act more distin-
guished, perhaps, for gallantry, for heroism, and
for self-devotion to the mfeiests of the nation, than
any other act that has ever been performed during
our country's existence; and yet you draw that
distinction against his widow. If he had lived,
however anxious he might be to provide for his
relatives, rather than see her reduced to compara-
tive beggary, he would have given her the whole,
without a moment's hesitation, because she is
more dependent than they are. She is growing
old, and has no resources, while they have many.
I have every disposition to do what is right and
just upon this question. I am disposed to be as8
liberal towards the nieces of Commodore Decatur
as I can be without doing an act of injustice to-
wards his widow, by assigning to her a mere
child's part of that which is wholly her own.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, it strikes me,
that in matters of this sort, the condition of the
parties is a matter to be considered. If the nieces
of Commodore Decatur are wealthy persons, and
are not so much in need of this money as the wife
of Commodore Decatur is, it strikes me that the
widow should have the larger part, at least, be-
cause the object of the bill is to do an act of jus-
tice, on the part of the Government, to the memory
and services of a deceased and highly meritorious
officer; and in doing that act of justice, we should
look at the effect it is likely to have upon the hap-
piness and comfort of those objects left behind
him, and who were dear to him. In order to do
that, we must look at the condition of those ob-
jects, this widow's wants, and the wants of these
nieces of Commodore Decatur. I should be gov-
erned, then, entirely, in parceling out the whole
amount of this little pittance among these four
ladies, by the consideration of the neediness of
their condition.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I understand
that these ladies were the adopted children of Com-
modore Decatur. At any rate, it is now the dis-
position of Congress to make them his adopted
children. If we give them, therefore, that rela-
tion, we ought to give it fully and without qualifi-
cation. If we say they are his children, and that
they have rights as his children, they ought to
come m and claim their rights without any quali-
fication. I understand that it has been conceded
that they are his heirs; and if so, we ought not to
impair, by our legislation, any of the rights inci-
dent to that relationship. On the contrary, Mr.
President, as this prize-money has been won by
the gallantry of Commodore Decatur, it is rather
agreeable to me that it should go to his blood.
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Alabama is under a misapprehension
when he supposes that I have not read the original
bill. I am perfectly aware of its provisions. It
puts the widow and children on the same footing.
If there be any children, it provides for the equal
distribution of the money among them and the
widow. If there be no children, inasmuch as col-
lateral relatives are not recognized, it gives the
whole amount to the widow.
Well now, if I am asked why I adopt the course
which I have suggested—why I distinguish these
collateral nieces of Commodore Decatur from other
collateral kindred, I answer, the distinction is made
upon the ground on which Commodore Decatur
himself, in his life, made it. By the adoption of
these persons as his children, he changed their'
character from collaterals to that of issue children.
And Jt is that determination of his that I wish to
see carried out.
Now, sir, in relation to the suggestion of the
Senator from Ohio, that the. condition of these
relatives should enter into our consideration in de-
termining this distribution, I agree perfectly with
that view of the subject; and I am therefore au-
thorized to state that the motive which has in-
duced me to interfere in this matter is, that one of
these nieces (who is the widow of a gallant officer
and whose family resides in the State from which
I come) is herself living in indigent circumstances,
and unprotected, in consequence of the death of
her gallant husband. A suggestion is made by a
Senator near me that the lady of whom I speak
has not only lost her husband, but her son also,
in the late war with Mexico. She has children,
and is in needy circumstances, and, if any dis-
tinction were to be made, her situation would seem
to appeal to the Senate to make a distinction in
her favor. I presume the other sisters, though not
havingthe same charges upon them, are m cir-
cumstances equally necessitous. Therefore, con-
curring in the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio
as to the ground upon which this distribution
should be made, namely, the necessities of the par-
ties, I ask that these collateral relatives of Com-
modore Decatur, whose character was changed
by his adoption of them as his children, shall be
placed upon an equal footing with the widow in
the participation of this act of public bounty.
Mr. DIX. Mr. President, I wish to make one
remark in relation to the view taken of this matter
by the Senator from Ohio. The amendment, as it
was originally offered, was precisely in accordance
with the provisions of the bill, so far as the dis-
tribution is concerned. It assumes that these per-
sons were the children of Commodore Decatur,
adopted by him., and would, had he lived, have
been provided for by him as his children.
With regard to the situation of these parties, I
will state, in reply to the suggestion of the Senator
from Ohio, that one of these nieces is the wife of
a purser in the navy. Another is Mrs. Twiggs,
who lost her husband and a son in Mexico; both
of them lost their lives upon the field of battle.
She has several children, and I understand is with-
out means, except that she has a pension, I be-
lieve, of about three hundred and sixty dollars a
year. I think she has three or four children. The
other sister is unmarried and has no means. She
lives with her brother-in-law, and is also assisted
by her brother.
Mr. ALLEN. What distribution will the bill
in its present torm make?
Mr. DIX. It will give each person one-fourth
of the money.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
the amendment offered by Mr. King, and it was
rejected.
The question on the amendment submitted by
Mr. Dix was then taken, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to its engrossment
for a third reading, and was read a third time, by
unanimous consent, and passed.
PULLER AND SAVAGE.
On motion of Mr. KING, the previous orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the bill for the relief of William Fuller and
Charles Savage.
The bill being under consideration, the amend-
ment of the committee was agreed to, and the bill
was then read a third time and passed.
