420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1,
fuller and saltmarsh. ' i
On motion-of Mr. NIL.ES, the previous orders I
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the House bill for the relief of William Ful-
ler and Orlando Saltmarsb.
The bill being under consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and no amendment being
offered, it was "reported to the Senate, anil read a
third time and 1
david myerle.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill for the
relief of David Myerle, as in Committee of the
Whole.
The question being on the amendment moved
by Mr. Underwood—
Mr. BRADBURY made a few remarks, and
was followed by Mr. ATCHISON, Mr. BAD-
GER, Mr. NiL.ES, Mr. TURKEY, and Mr.
METCALFE.
Mr. ATHERTON moved that the bill be in-
definitely postponed. !
Mr. BORLAND indicated an amendment, which j
he proposed to offer in case the motion for indefinite
postponement be decided in the negative.
The bill was further discussed by Mr. BENTON,
Mr. YULEE, Mr. BERRIEN, and Mr. HANNE-
GAN.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved to lay the bill on the
table, and asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Mnssrs. Atchison, Benton, Borland, Bradbury;
Dix, Downs, Fetch, Fitzgerald, H.miini,Haiiiiegdii, Huiitcri
Johnson or' (ii-ojgia, Jones, Mason, Metcalfe, Sturgeon?
Turney, Underwood, and Upliam—J9.
NAYS—Mes-r>. Athciton, Badger, Raldvvm, Bell, Ber-
rien, Bright, Bailer, Clafke, Davis of Mississippi, Daj ton,
Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, D(?ugla-s, FitzpatricK, Foote, i
Gieene, Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, King, Miiler, Niles,
Peaiee, Uusk, Spruanee, Walker, Webster, and Yuiee—27.
So the motion was negatived.
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the Senate now
adjourn; which was decided in the negative—ayes
19, noes 23.
Mr. BENTON addressed the Senate in explana-
tion, and was again followed by Mr. BERRIEN.
Additional documents were read, at the request
of Mr. BADGER, explanatory of the facts and
circumstances of the case.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, I believe a
motion to recommit takes precedence of a motion
to postpone.
Mr. ATCHISON. If the Senator desires to
make such a motion, I will withdraw the motion
that I made.to postpone.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to make a motion
to recommit the petition and papers to the Com-
mittee on Naval Allan's, with instructions to refer
the same to the Naval Department, for the purpose
of obtaining any information winch can there be
furnished concerning this claim.
Before the question is taken on this motion I
wish to say one word, and it is this: We have no-
wheie any information which seems to he direct
and authentic as to the ground of the rejection of
this hemp by the commissioners, and it may be
that the department is m possession of such in-
formation as will throw material light on the sub-
ject. 1 hope thetefore that the bill will be recom-
mitted.
I wish to remark further, that,-in making this
contract, the department confened its bounty by
giving to Mr. iViyerle a sum gicatly laiger than
the maiket price, and that it was m this way that
he was to derive his benefit; and when the com-
missioners made the report which has been read
by the Senator from Georgia, recommending an
advance of ^25,000, it is worthy of notice that
Congress did not adopt it, but went forward and
made a new contract, which has also been read,
and he was to seek his benefit from that contract.
Now, whether they were hbeial to him or not, we
have no information except that which seems to
have been derived from others. As to the cer-
tificates fiom gentlemen respecting the benefits
derived from the introduction of his process of
water-rotting hemp, what knowledge have we of
those from whom they come? We know not
whether those individuals had furnished hemp to
him, and whether, therefore, he was not indebted
to them. On this and other points we need inform-
ation, and hence 1 move the recoijimittal of this
bill.
The question was taken on the motion to recom-
mit, and on a division, 14 voted in the affirmative
and 16 in the-negative—no quorum voting.
Mr. ATCHISON.moved an adjournment, which
was agreed to on a division—18 voting in the affirm-
ative and 15 in the negative.
The Senate thereupon adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. '
Thursday, February 1,1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. DIXON asked the unanimous consent to
introduce a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired what
was the regular order of business?
The SPEAKER. Reports from committees,
commencing at the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CABELL asked leave to withdraw certain
papers.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gentle-
man from Connecticut will be read, unless it is
objected to.
Mr. BURT insisted on the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair was of opinion
that the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] i
having first obtained the floor, had a right to have j
his resolution read, and then objection, if made, i
would be entertained. <
The resolution was read, as follows: . !
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures be in- j
strueted to inquire whether a sv stein ol bounties has been :
established by any foieign countries, upon goods munutue- !
tuted in su< li countries,and imported into the United States, ,
and whether any counteracting measuies ought to be adopt- !
ed by Congress. I
The objection of Mr. Burt being entertained, j
the resolution was not received; and the regular j
order of business, viz: the reception of reports from
the committees, was announced by the Chair. j,
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, inquired if the
unfinished busine&s of yesterday, at the time the .
House resolved itself into Committee of the Whole 1
on the state of the Union, did nut come up as the ij
first business in order? 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
gentleman from Alabama, that the bill introduced ;•
trom the Committee on the District of Columbia,
(viz: the bill relative to the slave trade in the Dis- I
trict of Columbia,) having had its first and second ji
reading, and not having been referred or disposed ji
of, remains upou me tile of bills on their engross- j
ment on the Speaker's table. |!
a Mr. HOUSTON said lie did not allude to that t|
bill, but to the bill which his colleague [Mr. Gayle] jj
yesterday proposed to put on its passage granting ji
the right ot way to the Mobile awd Ohio Railroad |!
Company. ii
The SPEAKER, stated that this bill was in the i;
same situation upon the Speaker's table. ;i
SALARIES OF JUDGES. Ii
Mr. MEADE, from the Committee on the Ju- !
diciary, reported a bill to change the times of hold-
irig the district courts of the United States m the ji
western district of Viigmia, and tor other purposes; :i
which was read twice.
Mr. VINTON moved to amend the bill by in-
serting, in lieu of the section, the following:
Be it j wither enacted. Thai when the salaries now allowed
by law to ,u > di&tuct judge oi the Umted States is lets than
two thousand dollars net annum, the sum shall be raised to
the sum ol two thousand dollars irom and alter the nrsiday
ot Junu<uy, in the >ear 1849.
Mr. VINTON said, the bill now before the
House proposed to laise the salary of the judge
of the western district of Virginia to $2,000. in
his (Mr. V.'s) opinion, it was no more than he or
any other judge ought to receive. There was a
very ^reat inequality in the salaries of the judges
of the different corn ts of the United States. Some
of them were, he behe.ved, as high as §3,500, and
some of them as low as $1,000. Now, according
to his notion of Jhe qualifications requisite for the ji
office, any man who was fit to be a judge of a jj
district court of the United States was entitled to ji
receive a salary, at least, of $2,000. And it made jj
no difference whether you gave him full employ- j;
ment or not. When he received his appointment |j
he was—if he might use the expression—seques- !'
tered from other business, and was bound to dis- [j
charge the duties of his office. If he did not re- |i
ceive full employment, it was not his fault; it was
his good fortune, if he (Mr. V.) might say so.
Now, as to the salary of this district judge of
the western district of Virginia, he received at this
time, he (Mr. V.) believed, a salary of some
$1,600. The-district judge of Ohio received §1,500
the judges of Illinois, Indiana, and Missouri'$1,500
each. Now, the United States district jud*e of
Ohio had more business to do in one of his courts
than the business which was done m all the dis-
tricts of Virginia put together.' But, as he had
already said, this judge was obliged to perform
the duty of traveling from county-to county to hold
'his courts, though he had but little business.
In his opinion, any judge that merited a seat
upon the bench, was entitled to receive $2,000.
These inequalities ought not to exist. They arose
from the kind of legislation which was now before
the House. They crcated the office of a judge,
and fixed his salary in that particular case; some-
times they raised it to $3,000 or $4,000, sometimes
it was only §1,000. He thought there should be
an equality, and he had offeied this amendment
(with the consent of the gentleman who reported
the bill) for the purpose of fixing a minimum salary,
the effect of which would be to put the salaries
of ail the judges of the district courts of the United
States, which weie now below$2,000, on a footing
of equality at $2,000. He hoped the amendment
would be adopted.
Mr. KAUFMAN said he was glad that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vis-
ton] was offered with the consentof the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] who reported the
bill under consideration from the Judiciary Com-
mittee. He said he disliked the great inequality
of the saianes of judges and other officers. The
same compensation should be meted out to all for
the same services. Some district judges were now
receiving §3,500, and others only $i,000 per an-
num. He (Mr. K.) said he would vote to reduce
the salaries of those who received more than
$2,0U0 per annum, wete it not for the positive
prohibition of the Constitution. That was a fair
salary. The United States district judge of Texas
receives a salary of §2,000 per annum, and he was
willing to accord to others similar compensation to
that leceived by the same officers in Texas. The
law fixing the salary of the district judge,in Texas,
he said, was passed before he had taken his seat
here. The best lawyers in the country should be
selected to fill these places; and although some
judges had moie business to transact than others,
yet the sacrifice of a good lawyer in accepting the
office of district judge was the same in all cases.
He sacnficcd all his business at the bar, and was
pievented altogether from practising. You give
your Auditors and heads of bureaus, $3,000 per
annum. Will not an able and competent judge,
sacrificing his practice, earn as much as $1,000 less
than an Auditor here? I shall vote for the amend-
ment because it breathes the spirit of equality. If
it is right as recommended by the committee in
the case of the Virginia judge, and as fixed by
law in many other {States, it is right in others not
yet so favored; and 1 prefer general to special and
partial legislation.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, raised the point that it
was not m order, on this bill, which related to the
salary of a particular judge, and was a bill local
tn its character, to regulate the salaries of all the
district judges of.the United States whose salaries
were now less than $2,000.
Before the Speaker announced his decision on
the point of order—
Mr. COBB proceeded to state his objection to
the amendment. He said that the salaries not only
of the district judges, but of the district attorneys,
and of the maishals, were unequal. He had en-
deavored to procure the action of this House,
through the Judiciary Committee, to equalize all
these salaries, and he believed a bill for this pur-
pose was now before the House.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL, (in his seat.) It is, sir.
Mr. COBB said he was extremely anxiou3 that
this bill (which he was informed by the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee he was right in saying
was before the House) should be passed, so as to
remove the evils of alt those inequalities. If they
attempted to regulate the saianes of the district
judges in a bill of this character, they took away
the influence of those gentlemen who were in favor
of this especial proposition from the support of
the general provision for reduction. The inequali-
ties in the salaries of all these officers should be
reduced* in one bill. The district attorneys in
some States of the Union received compensation*
