1849*.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amounting almost to fortunes in a few years; while
in other States, wh£re the labors were equally
great, they amounted to comparatively nothing.
Mr. ASHMUN called the gentleman to order.
After a brief conversation on the point of older—
The SPEAKER said the Chair had uniformly
decided that a provision of a generaLcharacter was
not in order as an amendment to a bill of local
character like the present. He therefore ruled the
amendment out of order.
Mr. WHITE moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. *
Mr. VINTON appealed from the decision of
the Chair, arid supposed (he said) that the appeal
was debatable.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman could state
the grounds of his appeal.
Mr. VINTON did so.
The SPEAKER stated the grounds of his de-
cision.
Mr. TAYLOR rose to inquire whether the
amendment of his colleague [Mr. Vinton] pro-
posed to equalize all the salaries of all the district
judges of the United States, or whether it proposed
simply to raise those salaries which were less than
two thousand dollars?
The amendment was explained.-
Mr. VJNTON made a few*remarks in explana-
tion of what he considered the erroneous decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER was understood to suggest that
* the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] might
accomplish his object by moving to recommit the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary, with in-
structions to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a provision such as that contemplated in the
amendment.
Mr. VINTON expressed his willingness to' make
that motion.
Mr. TOOMBS briefly sustained the decision of
- the Chair.
Mr. ASHMUN (in a few words) opposed it.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL sustained it.
Mr. KAUFMAN invited the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] to withdraw his appeal from
the decision of the Chair. He (Mr. K.) thought
that that decision was correct. The object of the
gentleman could be obtained by accepting the
suggestion which the Speaker had made to lecom-
mit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with
instructions to inquire into the expediency of adopt-
ing such a provision. Let that committee report
upon it.
Mr. VINTON said he had no objection to that
course. He did not desire to take any question
upon the appeal, unless it was necessary to accom-
plish the object he had in view, if the House was
content to lecommit the bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary with the instructions embraced m Ins
amendment, his purpose would be answered; and
he would now make that motion, with the under-
standing that if it should not prevail, he would
renew his proposition to amend.
Mr. TOO MISS said, he objected. The gentle-
man had no right to make his proposition with any
such understanding.
Mr. VINTON supposed, he said, that he could
renew his proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman to withdraw his appeal.
Mr. VINTON said, lie withdrew the appeal;
and he moved that the bill be lecommitted, with
instructions. j
Mr. FICKLIN suggested to Mr. Vinton so to
amend his instructions as to provide that the ap-
pointments made hereafter should be reduced to
the sum of two thousand dollars. The salary of
these judges who weie in office could not be re-
duced, but they might be reduced as to all judges
hereafter to be appointed.
Mr. VINTON was understood not to accept the*
suggestion.
The SPEAKER said the question before the
House was on.the recommitment of the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary with instructions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said that he moved to
amend the resolutions so as to provide for an in-
quiry into the expediency.
Mr. JONES claimed the floor.
Mr. COBB. I beg the gentleman's pardon. I
thought I had the floor. I will not trespass on the
, rights of my worthy friend if I know it.
Mr. JONES said it would be recollected by the
House, that at the last session of Congress, a bill
similar in character to that now under cone>idera-
tion was befoie this House. A motion was at that
time made and sustained here, to strike out the
third section of the bill, (he believed it was the
third,) which provided for the salary of the judge
in Virginia. That motion prevailed, and the bill
was then passed, having reference merely to the
alteration of the time of holding the courts there.
in that form the bill went to the Senate. Jn that
body, the provision in relation to the increase of
the salaty was reinstated, and was sent back to
this House. The House non-concurred in the
amendment. The bill was again leturned to the
Senate. A committee of conference on the part of
the two Houses was appointed, and upon the last
night of the session that committee reported a pro-
vision fixing the salary at two thousand dollars.
When the report was made, it was, on the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, {Mr. Vinton,] laid
upon the table by a vote, he (Mr. J.) believed, of
some two-thirds or three-fourths of the members
of this House.
Mr. VINTON asked leave to explain; and (the
floor having been yielded for the purpose) he pro-
ceeded to say, that the motion he then made was
based upon the very proposition which he had
now suggested. He stated at that time what he
had stated to-day, that he had no objection to raise
the salary of this judge, if all the other judges were
placed on the same looting. But his oojection was
against this partial and unequal legislation.
Mr. JONES resumed. He did not know (he
said) that there was any district judge m the
United States who asked that his salary might be
increased"except this judge from Virginia. But let
gentlemen look at other States arid see how the
judges were situated there. In the State of Ten-
nessee there was one district judge in a population,
he (Mr. J.) supposed, of over one million. The
judge held the couit in the three grand divisions
of the State. His salary was iifteen hundred ;
i dollars, being the same amount which the State j
of Tennessee paid to her circuit judges; and he ]
thought that the oifiee of a judge ot a State was ;
as important in view of the adjudication ol ques- ;
tions that might come before tnein as that of a dis-
trict judge ol the Unittd Stales. In his judgment,
in fixing the salaries of judges and other olnceis,
iocutcd in the different States, some regard should
be paid to the salaries paid by these Slates to sim-
ilar officers within the Slates. Uuas by giving
salaries to similar officers much larger than tho&e
which were given by the States that the anxiety
of persons who thought themselves competent fur
these offices was incieased to procure appoint-
ments to those created by the General (govern-
ment rather than to those created by the States.
When the House was nymg to cieate equality by
fixing the salaries a^tvvo thousand dolluis, it wa3
producing the very inequality which it was the j
professed object of the Dill to pievent, by giving
to the judges of the State of Ohio and of other j
States a salary of two thousand dollars, when here ■
were some twelve or fifteen circuit judges who i
were receiving only fifteen hundred dollars. As
he had said before, the circuit judges of Tennessee j
and the district judges of the United States couns ;
receive the same salaries.
Believing that tiie House was not prepared at
this time to make any mcreu^c in these salaues, ,
and believing that the opinions which had been ,
expressed upon the subject at the last session of
Congress, and as the period of the session was
now late, he would move that the bill be laid on
the tabie.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, desired to say a
single word.
The SPEAKER said the motion to lay on the
table was not debatable.
Mr. WHITE inquired whether his motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union would not take precedence of
the motion to lay on the table?
The SPEAKER said that the motion to lay the
bill on the table was the first question in order.
After an inquiry by Mr. MEADE—
Mr. JONES asked the yeas and nays on his
motion; which were ordered.
And the question, u Shall the bill be laid on the
table?" was then taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 91, nays —as follows:
YEAS'—Messrs. Atkinson, Bingham, SirdsaJi, Blaekmar,
j Bowdon, Bowiin, Brady, Wm. G. Brown, Albert G". Brown,
i Curibv, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Claifcp, Howell CVfcb,
j VVjHjatn&Qn R, W. Cobb, Cooke, Collins, Conger, Cranston,
i Crozier, Cummins, Dame!, Dickey, Dickinson, Dixon, Em-
[ bi ee, Nathan Ewm«, FarreJiv, Ficichn^Gott, Green, Grrele^,
I Halp, Will,iid P. If all, HammoiiP, Janice G, Hampton, Henry,
; Hill, Hiihard, E!ias B. Holmes,George S. Houston, Hubbard,
Uuds-on, Inge, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Geoige W. Jones,
Kellogg, Kennon, Darnel P. King, l,ahm, William T. Law-
renee, Sidney Lawrence, Ligon, Lord, Maclav, McCler-
nand, Mcllvame, McKay, McLanc, Job Mann, Miller, Mor-
ns, Mulim, Peek, Phelps, Pollock, Putnam, Reynolds,
Richardson, Richey, Robinson, Roekhill, Julius Rockwell,
Rumsey, St. John. Sawyer, Shi'ppeid, Shernil, Shngerland,
Smart, Truman Smith, Starkweather, Charles E. Stuart,
Strohrn, Turner, Wallace, Wentworih, White, Wick,
, Wiley, and Williams—91.
| NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Ashmun, Bedinger, Belcher,-
! Boyd, Boyden, Brodhead, Burt, Butler, Cabell, Catlicart,
[ Chapman, Clnigman, Cusfield, Crowell, Darling, Dunn,
| Efisall, Edwards, Faran, Feather.-ton, Fisher, Flournoy,
; Freedley. French, Fulton, Game?, Gayle, Gio'dings, Goggtn,
Gregory^ Grnmeil, Nathan K. Hall, H.umanson, Hants,
Henley, John W. Houston, Hunt, Joseph R. fngersoll, Iver-
son, James H. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, John W.Jones,
Kaufman, Thomas Butler King, Leffier, .Levin, iincoln,
Lynde, McDowell, Horace Mann,.Marvin, Meade, Morse,
Murphy, Nelson, i\ewell, Outlaw,' Palfrey, Pfaslee, Pen-
dleton, Pejton, Preston, Rhett, John A. Rockwell, Root,
Sehpjick, Silvester, Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Stanton,
Andrew Stewart, Strong, Tallmadge, Taylor, Tbibodeaux,
Jacob Thompson, Thurston, Tompkins, Toombs, Tuck,
Van D>ke, Venable, Vinton, Warren, Wilson, and Wood-
ward—88.
So the bill was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. CABELL, it was
Ordered, That Jo-eph Sierra have leave to withdraw hi
petition and papers? from the files of the House.
The petition and papers were thereuponsdeliv~
ered to Mr. Cabell.
Mr. FRENCH, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Stoughton
A. Fletcher; which was read twice.
The question was stated, Shall this bill be en-
I grossed and read a third time?
| Mr. WICK hoped there would be no objection
! to the passage of this bill. He said it only afforded
I relief to the extent of three bounty land warrants.
!j He pointed out the restrictions of the bill,and said
jj they were such as secured the Government against
j! the possibility of loss. He hoped the bill would
!| be passed now, and not referred to the Committee
;l of the Whole on the state of the Union, which
, would occasion such delay and vexation, as to de-
feat the object of the bill by the postponement of
\\ justice..
1 Pending the question on this bill—
I' Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
i, itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
;i of the Union.
Ij Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, appealed to the
i gentleman from Ohio to withdraw the motion, in
i| order that the joint resolution just received from
the Senate proposing to extend the time for re-
reiving proposals for the public printing—to the
jj passage of which he presumed there would be no
j; objection—might be taken up and concurred in. it
would not take five minutes.
!| The motion of Mr. VINTON not being with-
.j drawn, and having been agreed to—
Ij NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
j! The House resolved itself into Committee of the
si Whole on- the state of the Union, (Mr. J. R. In-
! gersoll, of Pennsylvania, in the chair,) and re-
- sumed the consideration ot the bill making appro-
. puations for the naval service for the year ending
30th June, 1S50.
The question pending when the committee rose
. yesterday, was on agreeing to the following amend-
mentofMr. Rockwell, of Connecticut, as amend-'
ed, viz:
i Provided, That ardent spirits shall not hereafter consti-
tute anj pait of the navy r it.o i-*; but m lieu thereof there
shall b - allowed lour cent* pi r day.
i lJi oi tied u/so. That neither ardent s=pirity nor liquor of
! anv kind whatever shall he intiodtioed or kept aboard any
national vessel, or other vej-sil in the service of the United
States, except as a part of the niedk mal stores.
I Mr. SCHENCK moved to amend the amend-
ment, by adding the following: "As prescribed by
: the surgeon of the ship." After some remarks,
j Mr. Schenck withdrew the amendment.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved the following
• amendment, which was disagreed to:
Snike outall after the word " provided," and insert—
; | That the Seen tary ot the Navy be, and he hereby is, au-
■' thorized to limit the u^e of ardent in the navy h* far
' as he may deem it exp< dient to promote the ethoiency of the
service. Tne commutation to reuiaia as now provided by
, law. «
The question was then put on Mr. Rockwell's
i amendment as amended, and it was agreed to.
