1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. KAUFMAN objected, then, to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, or any other officer of Govern-
ment, coming here and demanding an increase of
official patronage. As much as he respected the
Secretary, he could not support, upon his recom-
mendation, any proposition having a tendency to
increase the already too exorbitant expenditures
for the naval service.
He withdrew his amendment.
Mr./TOOMBS renewed it, to enable him to ex-
press his opposition. The amendment did not go
as far as the petitioning gentlemen would have it.
Their object was to increase the necessity of new ap-
pointments by increasing the promotions. But had
any gentlemen yet pointed out the necessity of
increasing the officers of the navy of any grade?
Where was the evidence of any such necessity?
Were there not officers at every post more than
sufficient for all the purposes of commanding? He
had been told that there were lieutenants m the
service of twelve, and he did not know how many
more years standing.
Mr. STA'NTON interposed to remind the gen-
tleman of the statement of the Secretary, that it
was "often extremely difficultto procure officers of
that grade (lieutenants) for sea-going vessels.'-5
Mr. TOOMBS continuing. Vou want to make
post captains of them, and so by getting nd of
them, make room for others. He knew and would
state one thing, and that was, that the expenses of
the navy had gone on increasing at a most extraor-
dinary rate—having been nearly doubled withm
a few years—without any corresponding increase
in its efficiency. He added, that the fact that pro-
motions came too slow, was conclusive evidence to
his mind, that there were too many officers—that
there we«e at least more than the service required.
For these reasons he had supported the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Greeley.]
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. ATKINSON renewed it. He thought he
also had a right to five minutes upon the subject
before the committee. Although he had not the
honor of being a member of the Naval Committee,
he professed to have about-as much knowledge of
the subject as membership of that committee could
confer. He believed in the remark by the distin-
guished orator of Roanoke: " Save me from my
friends, and I will take care of my enemies."
When he saw gentlemen going on increasing the
number of the items of these appropriations for
the naval service, minute after minute, he was
ready to say, they were enemies of the navy. He
could not regard any man as a friend to the navy
who would continue to heap upon it such unneces-
sary burdens; and he believed that the people
would take care to disburden the countiy of such
members. What did the gentleman from Tennes-
see propose? In 1843, Congress had attempted to
correct one of the abuses of the appointment
power in the hands of the President; and now the
gentleman was seeking to repeal that restriction,
and restore the former discretion to the Secretary
and the President.
Mr. STANTON reminded the gentleman from
"Virginia that the amendment was recommended
by the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. ATKINSON (continuing) said he had as
much rcspect for the Secretary of the Navy as for
any olher man; he was die of his constituents.
But he could not support any opinion of the Sec-
retary which he knew was not supported by the ;
people at large. He could wish that the Sec- |
retary of the Navy had a little more of that good i
moral quality for a public man, which the com- j
mittee (he believed) would give him credit for pos- 1
sessmg in a good degree—the power of saying, ;
No. He considered no man entitled to high com-
mendation as a public functionary, if he weie des-
titute of the moial courage to say, No.
He could not see any necessity for increasing
the naval force; nor could he say to what extent
the Secretary might go in this project; but he sup-
posed there were to be promotions of the lieuten-
ants and midshipmen; and then would come the i
applicants to supply their vacancies. He should
not be in Congress then; but he could not do less
than feel sorry for those who might be; for they
would be overwhelmed with the applications to
secure places in the navy which would come up
from every hamlet in the country. He said, give
to the service active, efficient officers, with good
pay; but no loafers. If such a provision was to be
ingrafted upon the naval bill as was now pro-
posed, he pledged himself to the committtee that
he would not vote for the bill upon its imal pas-
sage.
Here the five minutes expired, and he withdrew
his amendment. *
Mr. HOLMES, of South Carolina, (on a pro
forma amendment to the amendment,) advocated
the proposition of Mr. Stanton, and said iAvas
a fact not only testified by the Secretary of the
Navy, but which he knew from communication a
few days since with that department, that there
were not lieutenants sufficient in the navy. But
even if there were barely a sufficient number to
discharge the duties required, something was due
to the spirit of the navy, and to the character of
the service. He proceeded to speak of the distin-
guished bravery and gallantry displayed, and of
the highly valuable services rendered by our navy
in the late war with Mexico, mentioning the im-
portant aid. rendered to Commodore Stockton on
the Pacificcoast, thesuperimendence of the batteries
at VeraCruz, and other instances of distinguished
service; and to complain of the injustice which
had been done by the Government in not afford-
ing a single evidence of gratitude to the navy,
wluie it had bestowed honors and promotions upon
the army. He warmly advocated the proposed
grant of authmity to the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. jVJcLANii moved the following amendment
to the amendment of Mr. Stavton:
That from and alter the pa^sajje of this act, any navy offi-
cer wlio shall have been on -active duty in the navy for a
period of thirty years and upwards, may, at 1ns own request,
and with the consent of the President of the United State-*,
he permitted honorably to retire from active service in the
navy, on iuil pay, in consideration of his long and faithful
service to the countij : Provided, That, m the event of vv.ir,
all officers no retiring may, at tiie discretion of the President
ot the United State/, he recalled into active service.
Jlnd provided,further, That it shall he the duty of the Pres-
ident to appoint a board ot commissioned officer* of the navy,
to cordial of three post captains, the suigeoo general of the
navy, and the Secietary oi the Navy, who shall be ex-ofheio
a member of the boaid and president thereof; who shall
assemble in the city of Wa^hin^ton within one vear after
the passage ot this act, and once a year thereafter, whose j
duty ithiid.il be to designate to the President of the United
States such officers as, in their judgment, the good of toe
naval service requires to be piaced out of the line of piomo-
tion; and it shad be the duty or the Secretaiy of the Navy, ,
with the consent of the President ot the United States, to
place all such officers on the furlough list, at half the leave
of absence pay of their respective grades.
jind proihled, jurt/ier, That it shall be the duty of said
boaid to designate to tho Pi evident ot the United estates such
officers as m their judgment the good of the naval seivice
requires to be stricken" ftom the lolls of the naval service;
ami it shall be the duty ol the i'residentof the United Slates,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to strike '
the name of s-uch ofheer from the rolls ot the naval set vice.
Mr. MEADE raised a point of order against the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of
ortier, on the ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. McLANE appealed from the decision.
After some conveisation upon points of order—
Mr. BURT moved that the committee rise. ■
Mr. McL-ANE withdrew the appeal. i
The motion of Mr. Burt being agreed to, the j
committee rose and reported progress. ;
THE PUBLIC PRINTING. . I
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, rose and said j
that the law winch provided for the execution by j
contract of the public printing, required that the j
Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House ,
of Representatives should advertise for proposals ;
for having the printing done by contract. That !
law had been complied with, so far as the adver- |
Using was concerned, and Saturday was the day .
fixed for opening the bids. j
The Senate had this day passed a joint resolu- 1
tion suspending the time for opening the bids for
thirty days. The object he had in using, was to
ask the House to take up and act upon that reso-
lution, so that a longer time might be allowed for
determining by what mode the public printing
should be done.
Mar.y and strong objections were made.
Mr. THOMPSON, f then move that the House
proceed to take up and dispose of the business on ;
the Speaker's table. We can pass the resolution ;
in three minutes. ;
Mr. EMBREE demanded the regular order of :
business; and (addressing the Chair) he inquired ♦[
whether the motion was m order? * i
.The SPEAKER. The motion is in order. j
Mr. G1DOINGS moved that the House ad- j
jo urn. |
j Mr. THOMPSON", (to the Speaker.) If the'
i "House should now adjourn, what will be the reg-
| ular order of business to-morrow ?
| The SPEAKER said that after an hour had
| been given to the reception of reports from com-
mittees, the same motion that the gentleman had
now made, would be in order.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut. To-mor-
row is private bill day.
The SPEAKER, (continuing.) But as to-mor-
row is private bill day, if the House should refuse
to go into private business, any motion, except a
motion to suspend the rules, will be in order.
Mr. ROCKWELL. To-morrowisalso objection
day.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Giddings, and was decided in the negative:
Ayes 66, noes 67.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurring on the motion of
Mr. Thompson, that the House proceed to the con-
sideration of business on the Speaker's table—
Mr. TURNER moved that there bea caM of the
House, and on the motion demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. ATKINSON moved that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. No motion has yet intervened
since the motion to adjourn was decided. The
motion, therefore, is not now in order. The
question is on the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Turner,] that there be a call of the
House.
[Cries of "Withdraw it—hold on to it,"&c.]
Mr. TURNER persisted in his motion.
And the question thereon was taken, and decided
in the negative—yeas 29, nays 129.
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved that the House
adjourn. •
The question was taken by tellers, and ths vote
stood—ayes 89, noes not counted.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred :
By Mr. TUCK: The petition of Amanda M. B. Holmes
and 65 others, hulic* of Auburn, in the State of New Hamp-
shn e, praying Congress to pi event the extension of slavery,
to withdraw all countenance given bv the flag at the United
States to the slave trade, and to abolish slavery wherever
Congress- has competent iurisdictiou. Also, the petition of
Hannah W. Linda and 49 others, ladies of Victoria, Illinois,
on the same subject.
By Mr BELCHER: The petition of S. C. Whittier and
others, on the subject of postage, &c.
By Mi- PALFKEY: The petiuon of H. N. Beers and 151
others, of Westborougii, Massachusetts, praying for reduc-
tion and uniform rates of postage.
By Mr. WENT WOR TH: The petition of the citizens of
Lockport, Illinois, for a donation of land for a railroad from
the Mississippi to the Lakes; also, the petition' of the citi-
zens of PiamfieJd, Will countv, and of Livingston county,
Illinois, m favor of a donation of land for the tame purpose;
al<o, a petition from one hundred and twenty-one Ladies of
Chicago, agaiust the extension of slavery, and for the aboli-
j tion of it where Congress has the power to do so.
I By Mr. BROWN", ot Mississippi: The petition of James
j H. Thompson and others, playing a grant of land for the pur-
i pose of assisting a seminary of learning known as ih«> Salem
| High School, in the county of Green, m the State ot Mi&sis-
■ sippi.
i By Mr. JEXKIXS: Memorial of the Albany and Rens-
; selaer Ilortiealtuial Society :n tavoi of a law to authorize the
! transmission of seeds, ike., bv mail, free of poMase.
I By Mr. WILEY : The petition ot YYilham G. Clarke and
| one hundred others, citizens of the counties of Penobscot
j and Piscataquis, Maine, praying tor the establishment of a
post route from Exeter Coiner, in the county of Penobscot,
I via West Garland, Northpott, Dexter, &.c., to Abbot, in the
! county ot Piscataquis.
j Uy Air. FARKELLY : The petition of James F. Scotl
1 and numerous-tithei citr/.en- of Mercer county, PennsjJva-
' ma, tor the immediate repeal of the existing revenue laws,
, and the restoration of the tariff act of 1642. Also, the peii-
, tion ot W. \V. Pearson and other citizens of Mercer county,
: Pennsylvania, ol like import.
! K> Mr. TALLMADGE: The memorial ofGnrmelJ, Mm-
, turn, & Co., and oilier merchants of New York, tor the es-
. tahlwiment of buoys on Nantucket Mioals.
i By Mr. WHITE: The petition ot Seth VVTiahn, and forty-
1 sk other citizens of the county of Saratoga, Slate ot New
! York, praying for a induction of postage, and graduation on
letters and newspapers,and the entire abolition ot the frank-
! in" pnvilege. _ . . , .
By Mr. BJRDSALL: The petition of sundry inhabitants
I ofTtoga and Tompkins counties, New York, tor the extent
i sion ot the mail route fiom Ithaca to Speedsville, to the vil-
, I age ot Oswego.
! By Mr. STUART, of Michigan: The petition of A. C.
| Van Raafte, and mx hundred other*, Hollander and resi-
1 dents on North Black river, in the State of Michigan, ask-
| ing an appropriation for the erection of a hgtit-hou-e and the
j improvement of the harbor at the mouth of said river.
