436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 2,
' gain; and I suppose that" the fact of their having
made such-hard bargain is the reason why they
, have done the work so badly.
Mr, CAMERON. I am sorry that the^made
such a hard bargain, and that the work has not
been done as \X ought to have been done. I believe
that the imperfections of the wock, however, will
be guarded against in future. I propose to insert
in the" resolution next Wednesday* week.
Mr. DICKINSON. I take .very little interest
in this matter beyond that which 1 feel for the
'continuance of the system. I regret that they
have not used better material, and that the printing
has not been better done; but, in the first, place,
we have had more printing done than has ever
been done for any former Congress; and, not sat-
isfied with printing merely, we hav« had a £ieat
many engravings executed, and much of the delay
that has occurred has been occasioned by the en-
graving'of maps of almost every part of the coun-
try lying between the two oceans. These gentle-
men undoubtedly did not anticipate the quantity of
printing'that would be required, and they took the
contract at a lower rate than they should have
done. They did not consider the difference in the
cost of labor between this place and the place
where they had been accustomed to have their
work done—between printing for the National
Legislature and a State Legislature. The system,
it is true, has not worked entirely as its friends
expected. It is,very convenient, doubtless, for
gentlemen to build up fortunes in a single year by
printing for Congress, such as it would take a mer-
chant a long lifetime to accumulate; and so long
as such things exist there will be a great many
expedients resorted to to accomplish the object.* I
am, neveriheiess, in favor of the present system
of procuring the public printing to be done by con-
tract. I will adhere to the system, come what will,
for it is a just and equal one, and I am not to be
told, that the contractor cannot procure as good
paper and type as one upon whom especial patron-
age is lavished. I am told that about six hundred
thousand dollars have been saved to the Govern-
ment by having our printing done by contract.
Mr. CAiYlERON. Four , hundred -and forty
thousand.
jVlr. DICKINSON. I thank the Senator for
giving me the precise amount. The system affords
room for competition, and it is for this reason that
1 desire to see it continued; and I desire to sfce the
contract taken by those who will execute the work
in such a manner as to give entire satisfaction to
Congress. But whatever we do, I do most de-
cidedly object to returning to the old rotten system
of favoritism. I hope Congress will not return to
it, although I think I see in the distance a dispo-.
sition manifested to do so.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I have, on two or three
former occasions, expressed views directly ad-
verse to those expressed.by the Senator from New
York, [jVlr. Die kinsok.] He speaks of the old
system under which the printing of Congress was
executed as being rotten and corrupt. Sir, I con-
sider the present system of huckstering and ped-
dling out the printing-of the two Iiouse3 as de-
f cidedly the meanest and most degrading that can
be devised by Congress. It is offering a premium
for having the work of Congress executed jn the
worst style. The issuing public advertisements
inviting proposals, and gtvmg the work to the
.lowest bidder, is a practice founded on the rule of
discarding expedition, neatness, and superiority of
execution, or sacrificing them all to ihe half cent
principle. Nothing else can iie expected than that
x the cheapest material will be provided that can
be'under the contract palmed off upon Congress,
and that the work will be done in the most
slovenly manner, and nothing but saving to the
contractor will be considered. Delays will take
- plac£, and if the work is slouched over, you have
no remedy but a lawsuit. Sir, I am not a very
ardent advocate of the doctrine which was once
maintained in this Chamber, that " to the victors
belong the spoils," though it is good in its place;
but I am the advocate for the rule that the ma-
jority in both Houses of Congress, and in either
House, have a right—a right that is founded in
justice—to have ail their officers subject to their
own supervision and control, no matter what party
that majority may be. If the party opposed to me
have"the majority, I would yield to them as an act
of justice. The election of the printer to.this body
io justice belongs to the party In the majority here.'
That party is responsible, for his performance of
his duty, and they should have theeleetion of such
- officer. Sir, by the introduction of this system of
peddling and huckstering out the public work to
the lowest bidder, you may be sure of having the
work done in an inefficient manner. You offer a
bounty, a premium for mean work, if they will
only do it cheap. You offer an inducement ,for
irresponsible adventurers to offer to underbid the
regular mechanic, and, if he does not cheat you in
the work, he will have to cheat his workmen,&c. I
am in favor of the old system in preference to this.
I was, when I first came here, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a public printing office, for the purpose
of dissolving all connection between Congiess and
the partisan newspaper press here. But, as I have
avowed on a former occasion, upon this subject i
have changed my opinion. Experience has con-
vinced me that the connection is a salutary one, as
it has influence in keeping the newspapers right
as well as in keeping Congress right. It is a salu-
tary check upon both* Congress hold a rod over
the press if it behaved improperly, and then the
press is a monitor to Congress.
Now, in respect to our public printers. I have
paid some attention to the matter, and *1 believe
that Messrs. Wendell •& Van Benthuysen have
performed their wosk as faithfully as any men in
the United States could have done, under the terms
upon which they undertook it, and under the cir-
cumstances that'have existed in relation to it. I
learn that they contracted for paper according to
the sample which they furnished to the Secretary
of the Senate, and which they agreed to print
upon, but the persons with whom they contracted
failed to furnish them paper of the same quality,
and the paper contractors are the peisons who are
to b)ame in the matter. The public printers had
this alternative: either to take no paper at all from
them, and run the risk of getting their supply in
small parcels from different sources, or to stop
their work altogether, with ruin staring them in
the face by a suit on their bond by the United
Stales;' or to take such paper as they could get.
I, for one, approve of the course which they pur-
sued. And I will say further, that, even as it is,
I am satisfied they will be losers to perhaps fifteen
or twenty thousand dollars. And I hope that, if
they make their appeal to Congress to save thern
from this loss, it will not be unheard. 1 do not
hesitate to say that I will most cheerfully vote them
a sum sufficient to coverall their losses, and allow
them for their labor, and I have no doubt there is
not a Senator on this floor that will not be equally
just ami liberal.
Mr. KING. I do not understand what neces-
sity there is 
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator from Ala-
bama, before he goes on, allow me to state a fact
in reply to the Senator from Pennsylvania. The
type which is used by our public printers, the
Senator will find, is such as I have stated. I am
told, also, that typographical errors abound in their
work, and the reason of it is, that they have not
a sufficient number of proof-readers. According
to the old system, the proof was always read oyer
twice, but that has not been the case under the new
system.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from Ala-
bama allow me to add a single word?
s" Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. Th§ public printers always
keep their hands at work at night when necessary.
And 1 will state another fact to show the great
difference there is between the co'stof our printing
under the present system and under the former
system. The printing of the Patent Office report
cost us twenty cents a page. Under the old sys-
tem, the cost would have been a little over a dollar.
Mr. KING. I really cannot understand the ne-
cessity for entering into a discussion, at this time,as
to the comparative advantages of the old system
arid the new. It seems to me thesimplequestionfor
the Senate to decide is, whether we will postpone
the period for making the contract until the matter
has been examined into and a report made. We
shall then be better enabled to determine whether
we will continue the system or change it. I myself
am ready to vote for suspending the contract which,
under the present law, is to be made to-morrow,
unul the matter has been reported upon, for 1 have
not sufficient information at presencto enable me to
vote foi one or the other; arid I desire that those
who are acquainted with the business shall prepare
a report upon it. I hope, therefore, instead of
continuing the discussion upon the merits of the
system, we will reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was agreed to, anu adopt the amendment
of the Senator fro.m Pennsylvania extending .the
time sufficiently long to make the investigation.
The question being then taken on the motion ttf
reconsider, it was agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
said resolution; when—
Mr. CAMERON moved that the resolution be
amended so as to provide for the extension of the
time for receiving proposals for the,execution of the
printing to the 14th of February instead of'the 1st
of March; which was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and was read a third
| time and passed. *
j On motion, it was ordered that when the Senate
j adjourns, it be to meet on Monday next.
* LEVI_H. COLTON.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Seriate proceeded to
consider the bill for the relief of Levi H. Colton;
which was read a thiid time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. BORLAND asked and o&tained leave to
introduce a bill for the relief of John Hutchins;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The Senate then adjourned."
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 2, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE PRIVATE (CALENDAR.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, rose, and
was understood to say, that as this was what was
known to the rules as "objection" day, (when
bills to which no objection was made could be
acted upon without debate,) he would move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole, for the purpose of taking up the private
calendar.
Mr. CUMMINS asked the gentleman from Con-
necticut to waive his motion for a moment, to en-
able him (Mr. C.) to move to withdraw certain .
papers from the files of the House. •
Mr. ROCKWELL waived his motion for the
purpose. t
On motion of Mr. CUMMINS, leave was grant-
ed to withdraw from the files of the House the
petition and papers in the case of Colonel George
Brent, deceased.
Mr. ROCKWELL then renewed? his motion.
DISTRICT COURTS OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, rose, he said, to ft
privileged question. It would be recollected, that
yesteiday the House had laid on the table the bill'
changing the time of holding the district courts of
the western district of Virginia, and for other pur-
poses.
On that motion, he (Mr. B.) had (under misap-
prehension) voted in the affirmative. He now
moved, therefore, to reconsider the vote. He
hoped that it would be the pleasure of the House
to do so, and that even those who were opposed
to the increase of the salary would vote in favor of
the other provisions of the bill.
Mr. WENT WORTH rose,to a point of order.
Hedeshed to be informed by the Speaker whether
this motion could come up to-day,,.except by a,
vote of two-thirds. He hoped that'tfte gentleman
wouldjet the motion go over.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman had aright
to make the motion, and to have it entered on the
Journal.
Mr. WENTWORTH said he had no objection
to that. He was willing that the gentleman should
call the motion up at his pleasure, provided it did
not interfere with the consideration , of private
bills.
The SPEAKER said the motion to reconsider,
if any gentleman wished to debate it, would go
over.
Mr. WENTWORTH.. Then I wish to debate
it.
Mr. ROCKWELL insisted on his motion.
The motion to reconsider was entered on the
Journal.
Mr. STARKWEATHER asked the gentlemaa-
