1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
from Connecticut (Mr. Rockwell] to-waive hfs
motion for a moment, to allow him (Mr. S.) to
report a bill for the relief of an old soldier, who
ft ad lost both les:s and one arm.
Mr, ROCKWELL said he would cheerfully do
so, but that there were so many applications made
to him for a similar purpose. He must, therefore,
insist on his motion.
The question was then taken, <md^decided it?
the affirmative.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
A message was received from-the Senate re-
' questing the return of the joint resolution of the
1 Seriate 14 extending, the time for receiving proposals
, for the printing of Congress:'5 when,
i On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN, the request of
j the Senate was agreed to; and
The said resolution was accordingly returned to
, the Senate.
| Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, (by unanimous
! consent,) in pursuance to previous notice, obtained
| leave and introduced a bill to authorize the issue
So the House resolved itself into Committee of'! treasury scrip for one hundred dollars to Eliza
the Whole, (Mr. Root, of Ohio, in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the private I
calendar, under the restrictions imposed by the ;
30th rule of the House, which is as follows: „ 1
"On the fir.-tand fourth Fridays of each month the c;t1- i
endarot private 'urils >«hal1 be called ovei, and the bills to '
the p.i^acf of which no obiection f-hallttien be made, shall >
he first considered and dispo^u of." ;
The committee proceeded to take" up bills on the !
calendar, in their order. '
Many bills were objected to. j
A large number w-ere acted on, and ordered to j
be reported to the House, some with and others '
without amendment, as will be seen below. ,
The committee, after remaining in session about 1
three hours, rose and reported the following bills, ,
without amendment:
A bfi! for the i-eiief of Thomas T. Gammage; :
A bill for the relief of Jacob Boston;
A hiJi for the relief of Eve Boggs, widow of,
John Bo<rgs; !
A bill for the relief of Hannah Kinney, widow 1
of Amos Kinney, late of the State of New York; j
A bill fur the relief of Joseph Dana.
Johnson, widow of Francis Johnson, late a soldier
in the army of Mexico; which was read twice.
Pending the question on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time-
Mr. HAMPTON, of New" Jersey, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, made a report; after
which,
The House adjourned.,
The following: are the bills objected to in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and by whom objection was
made:
An act for the relief of J. W. Nye, assignee of
P, Banrj: and H. Stewart—objected to by Mr. J.
A. Roc'kweli..
A Hill for the relief of John P. Converse—by-
Mr. Ban-ill.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
John H. Piatt—by Mr. Bingham.
A bill for the relief of B. M. Bouton—by Mr.
Green*.
A bill >for the relief of A. H. Patterson—by Mr.
Ficklin.
A bill to compensate and reimburse the owners
A bill for the relief of Martha Cameron, widow jj and crew of the whaling- ship Chandler Price, the
of Christopher Tompkins;
A,-bi1l for the relief of Susannah Prentiss;
A bill for the relief of Thomas It. Saunders;
A bill for the relief of Sylvanus Blodget;*
A bill for the relief of Aaron Stafford:
A bill for the relief of Hector Perkins;
A bill for the relief of Peter Myers;
A bill for the reliefofCapt. AlexanderMcEwen;
A bill for the relief of Mary Ann Pollard;
A bill for tiie relief of Camfield Averill;
A bt 11 for the relief of John Gawney;
A bill for the relief of Horatio Fitch;
A bill for the relief of William Lynch;
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Freeman; '
A bill for the relief of William Kingsbury;
A bill for the relief of Sidney Flower, of Lou-
isiana, and for other purposes;
A bill for the relief of Amelia Covillon, of Lou-
isiana;
A bill for the relief of John Mcintosh;
A bill for the relief of Levi M. Roberts;
A bill for the relief of Samuel Perry;
A bill for the relief of James Frame.
Subsequently, the foregoing hills were ordered
to be engrossed and read the third time, and being
engrossed, were accordingly read the third time
and passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
The committee also reported, without amend-
ment:
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth S. Cobbs; and
Subsequently,* when the bill came up for en-
grossment—
Mr. TUCK moved to amend it, by increasing
the amount of the pension from #15 per month to :
$25 per month. j
Which amendment giving rise to debate, the !
bill was laid over, under the rule. i
The committee also reported the following bills, I
severally with an amendment: _ j
Senate bill for the relief of the personal repre- |
sentative of William A. Slacum, deceased; ' ;
Senate bill granting a pension to Bethiah Healy, ;
widow of George Healy, deceased; j
House bill for the relief of B. 0. Payne. ]
Subsequently, the amendment to each bill was
agreed to.
They were read the third time and passed, and :
sent to the Senate. i
The committee also reported the bill of the House :
granting the rightof preemption to Joshua Holden, j
with an amendment. '
Subsequently, the amendment was disagreed to '
by the Mouse, and the bill was ordered to be en-
losses and expenses incurred in ransoming th
crew of the ship Columbia—by Mr. Daniel.
A bill for the relief of Charles B. Clusky—by
Mr. Daniel.
A bill for the relief of Henry Gardner and others,
directors of an association called the New England
Mississippi Land Company—by Mr. Toombs.
A bill for the relief of Mary M. Telfair, heir
and legal representative of Israel* Pearce—by Mr.
Dickinson.
A bill for the relief of the legal representative
or representatives of Captain Charles Smith—by
Mr. Bovvlin. v i
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
or heirs of Captain John Mountjoy—by Mr. Bow-
lin.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
the late William Armstrong—by Mr. Greeley.
A bill for the relief of William Kennedy—by
Mr. Ficklin.
A biil for the relief of the heirs of Daniel Petti-
bone—by Mr. Dickinson.
A bill for the relief of Elliot Smith, and Nathan
Farnsworth—by Mr. Bowlin.
A bill for the relief of William J. Price—by Mr.
Ficklin.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Jackson
—by Mr. Bowlin.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Colonel John H. Stone, an officer of the revo-
lutionary war—by Mr. Dickinson.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Willis Riddick
—by Mr. Ficklin.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain Sam-
uel Ransom, an o/Hcer of -the revolutionary war,
killed at the battle of Wyoming—-by Mr. Bowlin.
A bill for the relief of Moses Van Campen—by
Mr. Dickinson.
A bill for the relief of the inhabitants of the vil-
lage of Carondelet, in the State of Missouri—by
Mr. Hall, of Missouri.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of John
M. Baker—by Mr. Ficklin.
A bill for the relief of Ross Winans—by Mr.
Figkllv.
A bill for the relief of Elisha Hampton, and
others, of the State of Iowa—by Mr. Grcen.
An act for the relief of William H. Prentiss—
by Mr. Bowlin,
"An act for the relief of Columbus Alexander
and Theodore Barnard—by Mr. Daniel.
An act for the relief of George Centre—by Mr.
Bowlin.
i An act for the relief of the heirs of John Wall,
grossedand read thethird time,and beingengrossed, !| deceased—by Mr. Ltnde,
was accordingly read the third time and passed, !j A bill for the relief of John Poe, of Louisville,
and sent to the Senate for concurrence. \\ Kentucky—by Mr. Ficklin,
A bill for the relief of James Harley—by Mr*
Sawylr,
_ An act to provide compensation to William
Woodbndge and Henry Chipman, for services in
adju&ting tides to land m Michigan, and for other
purposes—by Mr. Lynde.
A biil to provide for the paymentof the passage
of General Lafayette from France to the United"
States in the year 1824—by Mr. Atkinson-.
A bill for the settlement of the accounts of Cap-
tain M. M. Clarke—by Mr. Hall, of Missouri.
A bill for the relief of Fiederick Dawson, James
Schott and Elisha Dana Whitney—by Mr. Gree-
ley.
A bill for the relief the heirs of Wadlugh Noyes,
deceased—by Mr. Dickinson.
A biil to satisfy the claim of the legal represent-
atives of Joseph Reynes—by Mr. Dickinson.
A bill for the relief of the executors, devisees,
and the heirs-at-law ofThomas Fletcher,deceased,
late of the State of Kentucky—by Mr. Daniel.
An act to authorize the Secretary of War to
make reparation for the killing of a Caddo boy by
volunteer troops in Texas—by Mr. Crowell.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Semoice, a
friendly Creek Indian—by Mr. Hall,of Missouri,
A bill for the relief of Daniel Sampson—by Mr.
Hall, of Missouri.
A bill for the relief of Be<rbie, Wiseman & Co.,
of Glasgow, m Scotland—by Mr. Righey.
A bill for the relief of Robert Roberts—by Mr,
Rumsey.
A bill for the relief of Solomon T. Nicoll and
James Clinch, of the city of New Yoik—by Mr.
Green.
A bill for the relief o"f Polly Carver, executrix
of Nathan Carver—by Mr. Morris.
A bill for the relief of Sayles J. Bowen—by Mr 
Ficklin. •
A bill for the relief of the leg-al representatives
of Washington S. Bebee—by Mr. Hall, of Mis-
souri.
A biil for the relief of Major E. H. Fitzgerald,
of the United States at my—by Mr. Hall, of Mis-
souri,
A bill to provide for the settlement of the-claim
of Henry Luf and John McKee—by Mr. Green.
A bill to incorporate the Columbian Manufac-
turing Company in the District of Columbia—by
Mr. Hall, of Missouri.
A bill for the relief of Lieut. John E. Bispham,
of the United States navy—by Mr. Dickinson.
A bill for the relief of Francis Moreno—by Mr.
Putnam.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred :
By Mr. HALE : Petition* of Jonathan Crane and 68 others,
inhabitants of Aftlebom', MawacliusHts, and of S. Hopkins
Emery and 63 ouieis, inhabitants of Taunton, Massachu-
setts, tor a s\srem of cheap postage, and the abojitiocof the
franking privilege.
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of Jacob Mackey and
49 others, citizens of Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, ask-
ing a modification of the tariff act of 1646.
By Mr. STROIIM : The petition of William A. Spaneler,
and fifty others, citizens* of Pennsylvania, praj me for the re-
enactment of the tarilfof 1642, with such mollifications aa
may be doomed neces- jy.
Bv Mr. EDWARDS: The petition of John W. Jones, a.*k-
in«j tor relief. Abo, the petition of William Ellis, asking for
a pen-ion.
By Mr WILEY: Trie petition of Nathan D. George and
V* 1 other-, citizens of M une, ing lui t'le ieduction of
postage on letters and newspapers, &.C., and for the aboli-
tion of the. fiankins privilege of nu:int vrs of (JongiPss.
Bv Mr. BUTLER : Thiee petition* oi ctuensof Luzerne
•county, Pennsylvania, asking for an immediate mortiheation
of the exi-Unu revenue laws. Aho. one of hke import from
citis.vn* of rohmibia eountv, Pemi^lvmua.
By Mr. KBLLOGG: Tne petition of R. \V. Livingston
and other*, cihzens ot county, N«w Yoik^pr.iyuig
for a uniform r.it*> of po-tnge on Jeti^r*.; for a reduction of
postage on letters and new.-[tapers earned by mail steamers
and paeku-* ; ami that the franking pi ivilege he abolished.
By Mr. thompson', of Penn-ylvnnja: A petition of
inhabitants ot Erie county, Pennsj Ivania, jn favor of cheap
po-tage. Also, ten petitions fur a mail route from Luthers-
hujg/Clearfield county, to Kiuanini.', Armstrong county,
Peiinsjlvunia, via Sunck^burg and Rural Village.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 3, 184!).
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
THE TREATY WITH MEXICO.
Mr. STEPHENS rose and asked the unanimous
consent of the House to introdu<\e a resolution
calling (he said) for important information. He
asked that it be read.
