1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
and to the last extremities. I move that these res-
olutions be read and printed.
The motion of Mr. Hunter was agreed to,
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented reso-
lutions adopted by the Legislature of the State of
Louisiana, instructing their Senators and requesting
their Representatives to use all reasonable exer-
tions to have a foundry and armory established in
the town of Algiers, in that State; which was read
and ordered to be printed,and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. J. also presented resolutions of the same,
instructing their Senators and requesting their Rep-
resentatives to use their best exertions to procure
the passage of a law to refund to the State of Lou-
isiana the amount expended in the completion of
the raccourci cut off in the Mississippi river; which
were read, ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. J. also presented resolutions adopted by
the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, in favor
of the passage of a law making the practice of
the law in the circuit and district courts of the
United States in all civil cases, whether in the
common law or the equity side of said court,
conform to that of the district courts of the said
State; which were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented resolutions, passed
* by the Legislature of the State of Illinois, instruct-
ing their Senators, and requesting their Represent-
atives, to procure the passage of an act to direct
the Secretary of War to select a suitable tract of
land upon Rock Island, in the State of Illinois, for
the site of the necessary buildings for a marine
hospital, with the necessary appurtenant grounds,
and directing the sale of the remainder of the lands
upon said island, in small quantities, at public sale,
the proceeds to be appropriated to the establish-
ment and support of said hospital; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. BREESE. I have a similar communication
to that presented by the Senator from Illinois to
offer, in connection with which i beg leave to sub-
mit the following- resolution, and ask its immediate
consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct?d
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a marine hos-
pital on Rock Island, m the State of Illinois, and uppiopria-
ting the hnHdmgs thereon and tine lands of the United States
there situate tor that puipose.
Rock Island was the site of Fort Armstrong,
and has been abandoned in consequence ot state-
ments submitted at the last session of Congress to
the Secretary of War. There are many good
buildings within the fort that might be converted
into a marine hospital; antl, as the land surround-
ing the buddings is valuable, it could be divided
into lots and sold, and a fund thereby obtained for
the support of such an hospital.
The resolution was then considered and agreed
to..
Mr. BORLAND presented resolutions adopted
by'the General Assembly of the State of Arkan-
sas, asking for the establishment of a mail route
from Rock Roe, in that State, to Boonville, in Mis-
souri, and from St. Louis, Missouri, via JBatesville,
to Little Rock, Arkansas; which were read and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. B. also presented resolutions adopted by the
same, asking for a donation to the States in which
they lie, one-tenth of the public lands, for the pur-
poses of education, internal improvements, &c.;
which were read and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. JE>. also presented resolutions adopted by the
same, asking for the passage of an act to continue
the surveyor's office in that State; which were read
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition from Peter
H. Moigan and George G. Bishop, administrators
of John Arnold, asking the extension of a patent
for an improvement in the mode of manufacturing
cloths; which was leferred to the Committee on
Patents. . .
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Princeton, New Jersey, praying for a re-
duction of the rates of postage, and the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was laid oil the
table.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition from Nathaniel
Lewis, asking compensation for forage and sub-
sistence furnished to a company of Texas rangers;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from citi-
zens of West Tunn, New York, praying for the
establishment of a post route from Constableville
to the store of S.C. Thompson, in that place; which
was referred totheCommnteeon thePostOfficeand
Post Roads.
Mr. BREESE presented a memorial from nine
members of the Legislature of Illinois, asking for
a right of way through the public lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad from the' east border
of the State; which was referred to the Comnaiuee
on Public Lands.
Mr. D!X presented a petition from inventors
and others, citizens of New York, praying for a
modification of the patent laws; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents.
CLAIMS ON TEXAS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted additional doc-
uments in favor of the claim of George W^-JNorton
and E. P. Norton, claimants on the late Republic
of Texas; and m doing so, he said: I have received
from G. W. Norton and E. P. Norton some papers
in support of a petition heretofore presented in tneir
behalf. The petition asks that Congress will pay
a bond which they held against the late Govern-
ment of Texas; and this additional petition is ac-
companied with a statement of some facts to which
I wish to call the particular attention of the Sena-
tors from Texas and the Senate also.
The petitioners submit a bond, sir, or a copy of
it, for thirty-seven hundred dollars; and exhibit
also a receipt given for this bond by Mr. J. M.
Swisher, Auditor of the now State of Texas. In
this receipt, given by Mr. Swisher, it is set forth
.that this money was available to Texas at the rate
of twenty cents in the dollar only; so that it would
seem, according to tins receipt, that the Govern-
ment of Texas only intend to pay the holders of
the bond twenty cents m the dollar. The bond on
its face asserts to have been issued in favor of a
Mr. Charles Demorse, or order, a stock fcommis-
sioner. It is for so much money, payable with
interest, at the pleasure of the Government, from
and after 1846. t
As this matter has been before the Senate in vari-
ous ways, it becomes a question of great import-
ance whether, according to the laws of Texas at
the time this money was furnished, there was any
law in force which required that it should be scaled
according to the receipt the officer of the Govern-
ment of Texas now lurnished to the holder of the
bond? During the last session of Congress, in
reference to the claim of Leslie Comb§, a petition
was presented and referred upon this identical sub-
ject. A resolution was then adopted requiring that
information should be obtained with regard to the
character of these claims—one of which is now
presented—against this Government, growing out
of the contracts made by the late Republic of Texas.
That resolution was laid before the Secretary of
the Treasury on the 18th of April last, but no re-
sponse has been made to it; so that as yet no inform-
ation upon this interesting subject has been ob-
tained from any source whatever. I fTTention these
facts, sir, in'thc hope that my friend who sits near
me from Texas [Mr. Houston]—if he is pleased
to communicate anytiiingon the subject—may state
whether these bonds are to be scaled accoidmg to
the receipt given by Mr. Swisher ? I will read this
receipt for the benefit of the Senate:
]\o. 43.] Pubbcdcht of tkclate Republico/Tezu5. [1stclass.
This 155 to certify thai George W. Norton has, under the
provisions ol the act ot the Legis-latuie oi tne St Ue ot Texas,
entitled " An act to provide lot a>certdinin;,r the debt o( the
hite Republic of Te\:i&,55 approved March QO, 184"^, filed with
the Auditor and Comptroller eight pi-r cent. uea>ui> horuis
created by act of 5th Femuaty, lb4U, with int'-iest unpaid
fioiu 1st January, ld41, amounting to throe thousand and
beven hundred rioilais: the inteie^ on wi ch,-at eight per
cent, to uie 1st day of July, 1W9, amounts to two thousand
five hundred and sixteen aollais. Said claim, according ro
the date before us, was issued by the late Government of
Texas at twenty cents on the dollar, or was at that iate so
available, making the principal equal to seven bundled and
toity dollars, and the inteiest at Uie same rates equal to live
.hundicd and three dollars twenty cents, in par funds.
In tesumonv when of, we have heietoset our hands and
affixed our seal* ot oilicc at Austin this 2tth of November,
1843. JOHN tfVVIsjflEii, Jluthtor.
James B Shaw, Cooipholler.
The last clause is the part I do not^understand,
and about which 1 desire to obtain information.
It would appear, according to the receipt, that
the debt of thirty-seven hundred dollars, although
payable to the.order of Mr. Demorse, the stock
commissioner, was to be discharged, in the hands
of the bona f\M holder, by the payment to the
assignee of seven hundred and forty dollars, being
a discount of four-fifths of the debt.
I should like to know whether there was any
law of Texas m force at the time the debt was con-
tracted which contemplated the reduction of the
debts of that republic to sums less than those ex-
pressed upon the face of her bonds, upon any con-
tingency. If there be any such law, I wish to be
informed of its provisions, and the contemplated
contingencies upon which it was to operate, so as
to reduce the claims of creditors to one-fifth part of
their original amounts.
Mr. U. concluded by moving the reference of
the papers to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, I move to
lay the papers presented by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky on the table; inasmuch" as the
Committee on the Judiciary have already asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
subject to which these papers refer. 1 also make
this motion for the purpose of disposing of this
matter immediately, in order that we may pioceed
to the consideration of the bill reducing the rates'
of postage.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I was
not aware that the Committee on the Judiciary had
asked to be discharged from the consideration of
this subject.
The" question on Mr. Westcott's motion to
lay the papers on the^table was taken, and the
motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, T would say,
in reply to the Senator from Kentucky, that when
the liabilities referred to by the Senator were origi-
nally incurred, Texas notes and bonds were depre-
ciated to twenty cents on the-dollar. The deprecia-
tion of Texas funds commenced in 1838, and it
continued to depreciate until, in 1841, issues were
made at the rate of ten cents on the dollar, when
the liabilities of the Government were po&tponed
on their payment, and a new currency created,
which existed, and was-, at par when Texas was
annexed to the Union as a State. These issues of
five for one, as it was called, were made according-
to the will of the Executive, and without any au-
thority of law that i am apprised of. I presume
it is the intention of the Government of Texas to
redeem her liabilities agreeably to principles of
equity, and to make her payments according to the
considerations for which all her obligations were
incurred.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The documents pre-
sented by the Senator from Kentucky have been
laid upon the table, and there is no motion^now
before the Senate.
*Mr. HOUSTON. I merely make this explana-
tion for the purpose of enabling the Senalor fiom
Kentucky to understand how it is that these claims
have been thus graduated.
Mr. UNDERWOO 0. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary having asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of this sub-
ject, 1 would ask leave to withdraw the original
papeis fioiu the files of the Senate, as well as to
withdraw the papers which have just been laid on
the table.
The leave'asked for was granted by unanimous
consent, and the papers were withdrawn by Mr.
Underwood.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Select Committee of
the two Houses of Congress to make arrangements
as to the manner of counting the votes of Presi-
dent and Vice President, reported the following
resolution:
Resoh ed. That the two Houses will assemble in the Cham
bet of the House ot- Representatives on Wednesday, the 14th
instant, at 12 o'clock,"and the President of the Senate shall
he the 'presiding ofiieer; that one person be appointed a
teller on tne part ot the Senate, and two on the part of the
House of Representatives, to make a list ot the votes as thny
shall be df-claied ; that the result shall be dehveted to the
President of the Senate, who *hdll announce the state of the
vote, and the per.-on.-- elected, to the two House® assembled
as aforesaid, which shall he deemed a declaration ot Tlie per-
sons elected President and Vice President ot the United
State?, and, togetner with a list of votes, be enteied on the
Journals of the two Houses.
On motion of Mr. CLAYTON, the resolution
On motion of Mr.
id agreed to.
Ar. CLAYTON,
the Vice Presi-
