m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
dent was authorized fo appoint a teller on the part
of the Senate; whereupon
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Clay-
?oa.
REPORTS FROjM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATHERTON, from .the -Committee on
Finance, reported the bill making appropriations
for the civil aod diplomatic expenditures of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1850,
with amendments,
Mr. ATHERTON g;ave notice that he would at
the earliest opportunity, probably to-morrow, ask
the Senate to proceed to' the consideration of this
W*
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Military Af~
faiis, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of
Truman Cross; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
. Mr. NILES, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the bill to define
the period of disability imposed upon certain bid-
ders for mail contracts, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. N1LE8, the Senate proceeded
to consider the bill; which was considered, read a
third time and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported the bill for the
relief of Antonio Pacheco, without amendment,
with a recommendation that the bill do pass.
Mr. BORLAND, from ttie Committee on Public
Lands, asked that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill to revive
and extend the provisions of an act entitled " An
act to settle the title to certain tracts of land in the
State of Arkansas," and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
, - RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. RUSK presented the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instiuctcd^to inquire into the expediency of an nppropiiation
to he made by C'ongtesS for the purpose of enabling thePiesi-
dent to make compensation tor secret services rendeied
during the war wiili Mexico.
DIPLOMATIC PLEDGES TO MEXICO.
Mr. MANGUM, Mr. President, I have a reso-
lution- which 1 desire to offer, if it be in order to
submit it at this time. It is a resolution simply
of inquiry, on the subject matter of which I do not
intend now to make any remarks, except to ex-
press a hope that the Senate-will adopt it.
The Secretary read the resolution sent up by the
honorable Senat6r, of which, as it was then offered,
we could not obtain a copy, but which was subse-
quently modified as follows:
Jtesolved, That the President be requested to have laid
before the Senate, in Evf euuve or open session, in his dis-
cretion, any instruction given to Ambrose H. Sevier and
Nathan Clifford, commissioned as ministers plenipotentiary
on the part of' tin* United States to lite Government oi Mex-
ico, or to either of said mniL-teiis, prior to the ratification by
the Government of i>l<wiro of the treaty of peace between
the United States and that Republic, Also, the couespond-
enee and explanations, if any, which said num&teis had
with oi gave to the Republic of Mexico, or any ministers
theieof, touching the cftveto) im-amng ofamcwhuents made
by the tfenaie ot the United States- to the original treaty as
concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo on the 2d Febiuaiy, 1518,
whether such coire^puudence or explanations were hetoie
the ratification thereof by'the Mexican Government ot attei
such ratification, and before or contemporaneous with the
exchange of ratifications, and particulai ly as i expect* amend-
ment affecting the ninth, tenth, and twelfth articles. Also,
any protocol or other paper signed by said Sevier and Clif-
ford and any minister ot the Mexican Republic, it any such
there be, explaining or afft cting, or attempting to explain,or
aflV-ct, the treaty as ratified by the Senate of the United
States; and also all communications had with the Mexican
Government, or any minister or uimr5ters> thui euf, on the
part of our ministers, as well ay all communication* b< twoen
our ministers and the Government of the United States
touching the effect of the amendments made b> the Senate
of the United Stttte  in the aforesaid original treaty.
Mr. HANNEGAN. If the resolution can be
passed without any debate whatever, I shall have
no objection to its passage at once; but if it is to
give rise to debate, i shall ask that it may be laid
over under the rule.
Mr. MANGUM. I remarked when I offered
the resolution that I did not desire at this time to
make any observations upon it. It may be a mat-
ter of but little moment, or it may be a matter of
great delicacy; but, in the absence of the informa-
tion foir which the resolution calls, I repeat that
J have no desire now to go into any discussion
upon it.
Mr. ALLEN. It is usual in matters of this sort,
'toJet measures take their ordinary course, by which
this resolution has* to lie" on the table one day for
consideration. I trust, sir, that .that course will
betaken.
Mr. TURNEY. I hope the honorable Senator
from Ohio will withdraw his opposition, and let the
resolution pass at once. This subject has already
been made a matter of discussion in the newspa-
pers, and it is right that a correct history of it
should be made known to the public. I am in
favor of the passage of the resolution, and think it
is unnecessary that it should lie over; and there-
fore I again express the hope that the Senator will
withdraw his opposition to its immediate passage.
Mr. AI-.LEN. I spoke, sir, purely in reference
to the importance of conforming our action to our
rule?, not as having any particular objection to the
resolution, because I really only heard about one-
third of it read, the other two-thirds having been
read before my attention was called to it. I will
be governed altogether in this matter by the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations. If
he has no objection, of course I will withdraw the
objection which I made.
„ Mr. JJ/IANGUM, in a conversational tone to
Mr. Hannegan, made some explanation, which
did not reaah the reporter's desk.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I presume there will be
no difficulty at all in obtaining the information
called for by this resolution, but I would simply
suggest to the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina the propriety of submitting his resolution in
Executive instead of in public session; otherwise
he will be placing it at the discretion of the Exec-
utive, or throwing, as it were, the responsibility
on him to select either the Executive or open ses-
sion to which to communicate his answer. I hope
my friend ftom North Carolina will act upon my
suggestion, and reserve his resolution for an Ex-
ecutive session.
Mr. MANGUM. I have no purpose that can-
not be answered by the selection of either an open'
or an Executive session. 1 supposed that no ques-
tion of propriety could here arise; for I regard ail
matters connected with this treaty as now consum-
mated. Tiie injunction of seuecy is now removed,
and therefoie it is wholly immaterial whether the
subject is acted upon in Executive or in open ses-
sion. 1 can conceive no responsibility that can
arise from its consideration at the .present time.
There is no covert purpose in this matter—no pur-
pose whatever, except simply to get the informa-
tion which the resolution calls for.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I ask that the resolution
may take the usual course, and lie over until to-
morrow. 1 am satisfied that that will be the bfcst
course.
Mr. MANGUM. As som'e importance seems
to be attached to the mode of introducing the reso-
lution, which I am entirely unable to understand,
I will withdraw it for the present, and I will renew
it when the Senate shall go into Executive session.
Mr. TURIN EY. I hope the Senator will not
withdraw it. There is no necessity for an Execu-
tive session.
Mr. HANNEGAN. The objection does not
comefrom this side of the,Chamber to its consider-
ation in legislative session. 1 feel it due to the
Administration, and 1 feel it due to myself, to say
that the objection to its consideration m open ses-
sion, and in favor of an Executive session, was
made on the suggestion of gentlemen on the oppo-
site side of the Chamber, and it was in compliance
with the principle of courtesy to «them that I de-
sired the Senator to withdraw it and present it in
Executive session.
Mr. MANGUM. I find, sir, that many of my
friends on this side of the Chamber desire that this
resolution shall lie over until we shall go into Ex-
ecutive session, when we may adopt it. I will
therefore consent to its being laid over.
The resolution was laid oyer accordingly.
REDUCTION OF THE RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. BENTON. Mr. President, there is a bill
which was introduced at the beginning of the ses-
sion—a bill of considerable importance—which I
would like to have called up to-day. It is the
bill making compensation for carrying the mails
across the isthmus of Panama. 1 would like to
have that bill voted upon now, so as to accomplish
something. I would move to ha\c that bill taken
up now.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, it will be re-
membered that the- pc&t office bill was under con-
sideration at the last day we-ivcre in session, and
that it was not disposed of by any formal motion.
It comes up, therefore, of its own right and of itself, '?
for it was passed by informally, not at my request, \-
but at the request of others. I hope, therefore,
that we will proceed to the consideration of that V
bill. . ' %
Mr. FOOTL. Mr. President, I would remark
that'if it be the intention of my friend from Ohio f'-
to respond this morning to the speech delivered the V
other day by the Senator from Connecticut, I feel t/
bound to give him that opportunity. I would like
to know if that be his intention. :
Mr. ALLEN signified that such was his in- "!
tention.
Mr. FOOTE. That being the case, I feel bound •
to give my friend from Ohio an opportunity to re-
ply to the remarks of the honorable Senator from ,
Connecticut; and I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will proceed to the consideration of the Post Office
bill. '
The question was then taken on the motion of.
Mi. Allen, and it was agreed to.
So the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill reducing the rates of.postage.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Cameron, to strike put the words " half a cent,"
and the words "ounce and a half," so that the
bill would read "newspapers circulating within
thirty miles of the office of publication shall be
sent free af postage."
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, I regret that the \
prevailing epidemic, the influenza, renders me at
this time incapable of speaking to the Senate in a
manner I should desire to do. 1 will, nevertheless, 4
proceed, feeling fully assured that the business I
have m hand is of a character so easy, that it may
be performed even by an unwell man.
At the commencement of this discussion, I an-
nounced to the Senate that it was my intention to
bring the internal post office establishments of this
country in contrast with the external mail,route
establishments of the country. I said, sir, .that I
thought it a monstrous policy in this Government,
in the very year when they were discontinuing,
and did discontinue, two hundred and ninety-six
post offices previously established among the
people, upon the sole ground that these post offices
did not yield a revenue equal to their expenses—I
say that I thought it a monstrous policy-that the
Government, when it was doing this, should spend
one million and a third per annum to carry five
mails from two ports in the United States to four
ports in foreign countries. I said that, Mr. Presi-
dent; and it now appears that this system is so
monstrous that its fnends dare not stand forth and
defend it without resorting to a pretext utterly
false—false in its totality, and false in its every
particular—that this system of ocean mail routes
sprang into being out of the apprehension we en-
tertained of a war with England. . The friends of
this system feel it to be such an outrage *apon this
country, now that it has grown up to its present
monstrous sizie, that in order to justify themselves
for its creation and its perpetuity, they have to
resort to national defence, and falsely resort to <■
national defence, as a reason for the establishment
and continuance of this system of ocean mail
routes. And I shall show, sir, not by words but
by acts, not by my acts, but by legislative acts,
that this pretence is false; and, furthermore, that
it is impossible it could be anything but false.
Sir, it is said that the system of ocean mail routes'
arose out of the apprehension of a war with Eng-
land, and that I had much to do with exciting that
apprehension by a speech which I delivered' in this
Hall. Now, sir, how stands the indisputable
fact? How stands the unlying record upon this
subject? What was'the date of the discussion
upon the Oregon bill? And what was the date of
thefirst act passed by Congress originatingthis sys-
tem of ocean mail routes? The first act establish-
ing these routes bears date on the third day of
March, 1845, one day before the present Adminis-
tration came .into power. The discussion upon
the Oregon question took place one year after,
being in 1846. Up to that time—up to the time
of that discussion—no man believed tliat there was
the remotest probability of a war with Great Brit-
ain; and pending that discussion, no man who
knew the state of things in this body had the slight-
est apprehension of any war with Great Britain;
but, above all, the Senator from Connecticut could
not have been influenced by such a consideration,
because he happens to be one of tho^e who con-
