1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&E.
m
tributed to the yielding up of the cause of quarrel
out of which this anticipated war was expected to
arise. But I have shown you that this system
originated one year before any apprehension of a
• war with England was entertained even by chil-
dren. This system originated before the present
Administration was installed in power; one year
before that speech was made to which the Senator
from Connecticut ascribes the power of producing
an apprehension of a war with England. But, sir,
as I have said, this system is so monstrous, and
, has become so appalling even in the eyes of its
projectors, that they are willing to violate the un-
deviating laws of time, and resort to a reason which
is junior to the cause for which that reason is
^given.
What was that first act upon which this system
has been built? It was an act which authorized
the Postmaster General to contract for the trans-
portation of the mail between the ports of die Uni-
ted States and the ports of foreign countries. That
act left the Postmaster General at liberty to contract
with sailing vessels,making it oniyincumbent upon
him to give the preference to steam vessels where
steam vessels bid for the contract. But so cautious
were Congress upon thi# subject that they required,
in the express language of that act, that the Post-
master General should send the contracts to Con-
gress at the next session, in order that Congress
might revise the contracts before they should be-
come obligatory upon the Government.
Now, sir, mark that this first act did not require
positively that the mails should be carried in steam-
ers. It only gave steamers a preference over sail-
ing vessels, when steamers, all other circumstances
being equal, bid for the contract. And mark again,
sir, that, so far from this having been designed as
a war measure, twelve morlths before any cause of
war existed, n did not even provide that these
steamers should be constructed with-a view to war.
The only thing in the act that has the slightest ref-
erence to a case of possible hostilities is one clause,
which says that "the United States shall be at
liberty to appropriate these steamers to its own use
in the event of war." That power was utter sur-
plusage, utterly unnecessary, because without it
the Government would have had the power to ap-
propriate every steamer and evety sailing vessel
, upon the ocean that belonged to the people of the
United States for that purpose, without any law
upon the subject, other than that great law ol na-
tional necessity recognized in the Constitution of
the United States.
I say, then, sir, that this system did not origi-
nate in any apprehension of war. The Senator
from Connecticut said that I had not opposed this
system. The second act passed on the subject
bears date on the 19th day of June, 1846, and the
act relates—for it is a general appropriation bill
for the Post Office Department—the act relates to
the contract made by the Postmaster General for
a line running from New York to Bremen under
the act of the year before, by which he was re-
quired to submit the-contract to the succeeding
Congress. Now' ntaik, sir, tins second act of
1846 barely proposes to appropriate twenty-five
thousand dollars for the purpose oL executing the
contract made for the Bremen line by the Post-
master General under the preceding act. That is
all that it has reference to. Now, let us see what
occurred when the question was considered before
the Senate. There was an appropriation bill pend-
ing for the expenses of tne Post Office Depart-
ment, and there was an amendment made requiring
the Postmaster General to appropriate twenty-live
thouS&nd dollars out of the uggiegate appropna-
tion to make this Bremen jcoritraa. Very well,
sir. The Senator from' Connecticut, in support
of the proposition to appropriate the first twenty-
five thousand dollars that ever were appropriated
for thi3 purpose, puts it upon the express ground,-
as his speech will show, that the appropriation
was asked for in order to ratify* the contract
made by the Postmaster General—the Postmaster
-General deeming it necessary to obtain the ratifi-
.c&tion of Congress before he bound the Govern-
ment in the contract. This, then, was the com-
mencement of the system. And when was this?
In 1846 the act passed; the amendment was voted
for on the 15th June, 1846, the very day that the
Oregon treaty beais the date of ratihcation: so that
the cause of quarrel with England was concluded
by the treaty on the very first day that the first
dollar was .appropriated to sustain, or rather to
begin this system. And yet, sir, the Senator from
Connecticut says that it was out of apprehension
of a war with England that this gigantic scheme
sprung into existence. He likewise said, sir, that
1 did not oppose it. Here is the vote upon the r
question of putting in an amendment to appropri- i!
ate twenty-five thousand dollars, the first money ji
ever appropriated to the support of this system. •
Here are the yeas and nays, sir; -twepty-seven j
yeas and twenty-four nays. And now, sir, in fj
order to see whether or not I opposed the system j
I will read my own speech, made on that day, in '!
opposition to this very proposition, and in answer '
to the first speech made on this subject by the Sen- :
ator from Connecticut. I will get my. friend from .
Indiana to read my poor remarks on that subject.
Mr. Allen's reruaiks were read by Mr. Bright j
as follows, from the Congressional Globe: ]•
" Mr. Ali.ex then rose and said, tiiat, sensible of the im- ;i
poitat ceot tins tiihjcct, he-had turm;d it o\er m his mind
with some care. As they weie now at the starting point of j
a •sjfclKin, the end of which noun* could iore>etj, l e thought
that'll wa-. ven proper that they should examine theground !j
with no iittle <±aution. j
" It was proposed to carry the United States mail between *'
Ntw York ami Livcipooj. He had yet to leain that there
was any United Suites mail between New Vojk and Liver-
pool to be eailied. He knew oi no s-uch thing u> existence
a  a United Slatea mail between Liverpool and N«>w lo<k, i
Xcw Yojk atid Liv< rpool, or between any otm-r porta The
foundation upon winch this new >y-tem was based,was that '
ol eredimg. quietly, and under the general power to regulate*,,
the post oh ice. a st* am navy, with a view 10 the d« fence of ,
the country, by patronizing particular companier- o( men in ,
the eoii«.trueU<>n and navigation of steamboats. Let them ;>
look at this project a hale more closely. Jn order to bepiof- ij
itabie, it would be necessary lo remove competition. Was j!
it likely to eft'<ct that? Oar inland mail transportation is a ,
monopoly. Vet we are hkel> soon to have the po>t office !>
expenditure saddled on the giwral treasury. It was, then, i;
absurd to suppose that, on the ocean, they could carry oil the 'j
business profitably. The honorablt gentleman then went \\
on to argue against,the injustice of endowing a line from
New York to the exclusion of other ports. Boston, Pnila- ]
delphia, Chaileston, New Oileans, and all the chief cities Ij
on the coast, would be petitioning for the establishment ,!
j of mail lines to Euiope. And then, again, looking at tne
} other end of the line, Liverpool would not safi-ty the met- !
i chants. They would demand a hue to the JBitt Indies, to
j Jiuenos Ayres, and so on. itwas unjust to those of ouroit-
j izensin the interior to turn a de.tf ear to ihnr eails lor <sddi- ,j
j tional post offices, and bestow this immense patronage on • |
! lines to Europe. The farmer had often fifteen or twenty "
1 miles to tiavei to the neatest post office, thus losing a day's j
I work. Why not establish post olhces for the accmnmoda- '
! tion of the people m the inteuor r Ber-ides, he was opposed ,
i to the Government engaging in joint stock concerns, which '
! had ahead) inflicted such evil on Hie country. He wished j
] to keep this Government clear of all manner of connection ;
j with human combinations, especially moneyed combina- !
lions. The example of Great Britain had been pointed to. ;
1 That was one reason wh> lie should avoid the project. Mr. <
i A. proceeded at some length, and wifh much vehemence, to {
| oppose the whole project of establishing the proposed steam .
! communication with Gieat Butam for the conveyance of the j
! mails." j
j And yet the Senator tried to make the country •
\ believe, the other day, that I had, in.the first in- ;
I stance, advocated a system which I now oppose, j
i There was the commencement of the system itself, j
It commenced in .that appropriation which was J
made on the very day that the Oregon treaty bears j
date, and by which treaty all our relations of j
friendship and good will were renewed toward j
Great Britain. The gentleman then labors under j
this dilemma, of either providing for a wai, 1^ the |
act of 1845r before any war was anticipated, or \>
of providing for a war after the peace had been 1
amicably arranged. Here, then, is the first act, :J
and I intend, so far as my voice can do it, to j|
clinch this matter in the public mind. I warred !j
upon it at the commencement, and I predicted the \\
very evils the existence of which every Senator |j
will now acknowledge. There, sir, is the evidence !j
of it, (pointing to the speech from which an ex- |j
tract had just been read,) utteied, sir, when the jj
first dollar was sought to be obtained from the I'
public treatui y, for it is this appropriation of|j
twenty-fiv-e thousand dollars that constitutes the \\
first leak into the public treasury, which was the
breach through which the jobbers have entered;
and they have widened it, and widened it, so that
within four years—yes, sir, in less than three years
—they have made that breach, which commenced
with twenty-five thousand dollars per annum, so
large by their meicenary activity that one million
three hundred thousand dollars flowed out of it last
year. It was in this act where the prime first sin
was committed, by which the j?ost Office establish-
ment was, for the jirst time, thrown on the national
treasury. By the last section butoneof thisact, itis
provided that, in case the income from the Post Office
establishment shall not meet the appropriations
therein made, the balance shall be made up from the
treasury. It will be observed, sir, that the cofo-
mencement of thi/t system changed the old.svstem
of making the establishment pay for itself, throw-
ing the whole weight on the general treasury of
the country. It will be understood, too, by a ref-
erence to dates,.that this was done at that exact
session—that this appropriation was made at the.-
exact-session—this .system was thrown \ pon tiie
public treasury at the exact session that the Sena-
tor from Connecticut performed that somerset in
politics which brought him in favor of a high pro-
tective tariff. The tariff was pending at the very
time that this first leak was made in the public
treasury, and every man who wished to exhaust
the treasury in order to have a cause for a high
tariff to replenish it, was induced Jlo go for tills
system. It was not a war with England; it was a
war on the pockets of the people of this country,
for which this system was devised and carried on.
It was a war on the tax-paying millions of the in-
terior, for the benefit of the large capitalists of the
East. That was the kind of war that this system
was got up to minister to. Let us see how it pro-
gressed. The fiist contract was ratified by that
appropriation. I wish to take up* these Jaws in
their order to see how it progressed. The next
act on the subject bears date o.n the second day of
March, 1847, one year later, and that act appro-
priates ^*258,000 to execute further this Bremen
contract. Mark you, sir, there had been but one
of these contracts up to 1847, when the war with
| England had passed off more than twelve months.
; What is the next act ? I take them in their order,
sir. The next act'bears date in the same year, on
1 the third day of March, 1847. There was no war
i with England then, sir, nor any apprehension ofa
r war, but a reduced tariff, and an apprehension that
if that tariff could be made to fail m supplying the
expenditures of the Government, it would be neces-
sary to have a higher tariff. When that apprehen-'
sion existed, and it became necessary to exhaust thfe
treasury in order to show that the tariff of 1846
was not sufficient to supply the wants of the Gov-
ernment, then this leak in the treasury was^made
still larger. It was then that an act was passed
directing—not authorizing, but directing—the Sec-
retary of the Navy immediately to enter into con-
tracts for three distinct ocean mail routes;#and it
was then, and not tiH then, that this system was
smuggled in, under the pretext of affording addi-
tional mean,s of defence to the country. Previous
to that it had been connected with the~Post Office ,
establishment; but the Postmaster Genera! had
contented himself with one contract, and mani-~
Tested a disinclination to favor a further contract.
Besides that, the plea for this immense expendi-
ture was not strong enough under the Post Office
arrangement. It was necessary that the projectors
of this scheme, who were not members of Con-
gress—-who were not members of the Cabinet—
but jobbers, for they were the projectors of it—it
was necessary, I say, that they should put it under
some more broad and popular pretence, and there-
fore it was so arranged as to put it under the head
of naval defences. That arose long after the causae
of quarrel with Great Britain had passed away.
By this act, sir, the Secretary of the Navy is re-
quired to enter into these contracts, and that im-
mediately, for fear, perhaps, that he would change
his mind; and he is required to contract with par-
ticular men for a particular job, so afraid were
they that if discretionSvere" left the Secretary of
the Navy, they should lose the bait. Sir, some-
thing which I uttered the other day, and which
unfortunately was not correctly reported, "may
seem to cast some imputation on the Secretary of
the Navy and the Postmaster General* which wss
certainty not designed by me. I knewthen, as I
now know, that the Secretaryof the Navy'Was
not responsible for this system, but that he was
forced into it by lh,e express phraseology, or the
act of Congress. ,, . . t ,
It was, then, sir, in 1847 that this idea-originated
of putting this system on the general treasury,
where it had nor been thrown before; and, having
got it on the general treasury, the next thing was
to give it a broad foundation in the popular affec-
tions by calling it a measure of national defence.
The jobbers understood it, sir. They calculate
like men of sense, as they are. I will show yous.
sir, how these jobbers effected their purpose; and
I give notice that I intend to make clean wotk of
this system, and if it is not got rid of, it shall not
be because it has not been sufficiently exposed.
