444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
The next act,.sir—for there are seven of them in
all—bear3 date the 27th day of June, 1848.- But
it relates to this subject only in this particular, that
- jt prevents these contracts being assigned. It takes
away the negotiable character.of the paper of these
contractors.
The next act bears date July the 10th, 1848, and
it appropriates $450,000 to the first "two lines. A
few days after that the general appropriation .bill
'was passed, appropriating $>874,600 to the other
lines, making t.he aggregate sum, of $1,324,600 for
the last year. - And this act, which appropriates
one and a third million dollars per annum to fiye
ocean mail routes, has this extraordinary clause
in it, that it advances the money to the parties to
build the vessels. The jobbers commenced this
work* sir, for the purpose of carrying the mail be-
tween New York and Bremen, upon the assump-
tion that they could do it for $25,000. That was
the beginning, three years ago, but they have
worked the system into a shape by which they
got last year one and a third million of doll-ars
dealt out to them from the public treasury; and I
understand, sir, that the appropriation of $874,600,
authorized by this act to be advanced to the par-
ties, in the ratio of $25,000, a month for every ship,
has actually been advanced, every dollar of it; so
that the very year that we pulled down two hun-.
dred and ninety six post offices because they did
not defray the expense of maintaining'them, we
appropriaied4one and a third million ot dollars out
of the general treasury to an object which has not
yielded one dollar, and is not likely to yield a
-dollar.' And thus, then, the predictions of mine,
made in 1845, when 1 struck this system in its
very origin, have been realized and borne out in
every particular.
Now, sir, 1 opposed this system at the very
beginning, as I have shown, not only as a thing
which would lead to unnumbered abuses', but X
opposed it on the ground that this Government
ought not to go into partnership with stock-jobbers,
or lend its aid to build up monopolies. Under Lhis
system, these men who have got these immense
jobs out of the public treasury have gone to work
and obtained, or at least some have, and the bal-
ance are applying for, acts of incorporation. They
are forming themselves into companies, one with
a capital ot §500,000, another with $2,000,000, and
another of 0,000,000. These corporations, these
-gigantic monopolies for ocean navigation, taking
their rise in our pet legislation—for lt'is pet legis-
lation—legislating jobs out to favorites—have not
only obtained acts of incorporation, predicated
upon our legislation, but they are going on to
obtain a^monopoly of the coasting trade of this
country. 1 shall-show that, sir, directly. ^
I further state, as an objection to tlus system,
that I hold it to be unconstitutional, because it in-
fracts that part of the Constitution which declares
that Congiess shall give no pieference to one port
over another in any com.mercial arrangement it
may make. The words of the Constitution are:
"No preference shall be given by any regulation
of couimeice or revenue to the ports of one State
over those of another.'*
Under this clause of the Constitution, or rather
in-defiance of this clause of the Constitution, we
do establish by law a commercial communication
between one of our ports and foreign countries,
which we do not hold with other of our ports.
There are two ports of the United States from
which these lines of communication are estab-
lished. One is New York, the other Charleston.
That from New York has three branches—one to
Havre and Bremen, one to Liverpool, and the
other to New Orleans and Havana. The one
which starts from Charleston passes only to
Havana, amounting to nothing; so that discrim-
ination is made m favor of New York in three par-
ticulars—one, the line to Bremen, terminating at
New Yoik; one, the line to Liverpool, terminating
at New York; and the other to New Orleans, ter- I
mmating at New York; thus making a discrim- j
ination by our legislation in favor of one port, to i
the prejudice of others. |
But, Mr, when 1 say that the discrimination is !
in favor of the port of New York, 1 should add that I
it is so nominally only, for it is in point of fact a |
disci imination in favor of individuals, it is giving !
to these people a monopoly which they have no
right to under the Constitution of the United States,
. And now, sir, 1 will proceed to show the-effect of
that monopoly on the trade of New Orleans. I
will take the line from New York Jo New Orleans.
That line is jun at a rate of $290,000 per annum.
I will throw off the vessel which is. required to run
from Havana to Chagres, and confine my argu-
ment, lor the sake of more easy illustration, to the
thiee vessels which ply between New York and
New Orleans. If we allow $40,000 out of the
$290,000 for the Chagres branch of the line, which
would be a fair allowance, then these men get for
running the three steamships between New York
and New Orleans $250,000 per annum. Now
mark, that these'ships aie three in number, and
may be increased to lour—that they are of.2,800
tons burden—and that they are required to make
twenty-six trips each during the year. Let us
see, then, what amount of tonnage passes between
New York and New Orleans under the patronage
of our legislation. There aie three steamers be-
tween New York and New Orleans, each of 2,800
tons burden, and each twenty-six trips, making in
all, during t]ie year, a tonnage of transportation of
218,400. Take off one-third for weight of ma-
chinery, or 72,800 tons, and there will remain
145,600 tons unoccupied. Now, allow for each of
these ships 200 tons—an immense allowance—for
fuel and other unemployed parts of the vessel, and
theie will then iemam,w.tth an allowance of 15,600
tons for other purposes, the amount of one hun-
dred and thirty thousand tons for freight per an-
,num. One hundred and thirty thousand tons
per annum! Equal to forty, nay, equal to fifty,
vessels of the size ordinarily engaged m the coast-
ing trade. Well now, sir, what is the transport-
ation of cotton between New Oileans and New
York—for that is the great article of commerce
between these ports? Upon an estimation which
1 have been able to make, 1 find that the cotton
passing between the mouth of the Mississippi and
the harbor of New Yoik, in the course of a year,
is about 23,000 tons. So that, after carrying the
whole cotton, these men still have 107,000 tori3
for other freight during the'year. Now, let us see
what piospeet there is of competition. 1 will show
the effect of our patronage on this trade. 1 say
that this is an absolute and total monopoly of the
trade between these points. 1 say that it drives
out of the trade every other man engaged in it but
these steamboat companies. 1 say it will be im-
possible to pi event their having a total and absolute
monopoly, and 1 shall proceed to proven. What
is the case of these people compared with other
navjgatois? Their vessels are three in number,
i have caused an estimate to be made by one of the
most intelligent men m this country on the point
of the expense of sailing one of these steamers each
tiip and during the year, and 1 have ascertained that
the whole expense ol sailing these steamers twenty-
six trips duung the- year amounts to $62,000.
The expense of sailing the whole, then, paying
the captains, mates, and every hand, and paying
for coal, tugethcr with the insurance, is $186,000.
The consequence is, sir, that the $186,000 deducted
from what they receive for carry nig the mail, leaves
a clear gain ot $62>000 per annum, over and above
all the expense ot navigating the ships throughout
the entire year. So, then, these men that have a
freight, as 1 have shown, sufficient to cairy all the
cotton between New Oileans and New York, and
then an additional Ireightot 107,000tons moie, sus-
tain tins height by an appiopriation from ourueas-
ury, and without carrying one dollar of height,
or a solitai y passenger, making $62,000 per annum
out of our ueasuiy. They can, iheietore, uli'ord
to cany freight and passengers for nothing until
they drive out of the trade ail pnvate persons, and
then put up the freight and passage as high as they
please, fair, this does not look like encouraging
navigation.
There is a company incorporated in New York,
it comes to Washington and gets acts passed which
give to it a job by which the whole expense of
navigating thiee steamers of twenty-eight bundled
tons buruen is paid out of the'public tieasury, and
they go into competition with men who buiiu their
own ships, pay their own sailors, pay for then-
own coal, and pay ail other expenses. Sir, it is
the difference between a man armed and a man un-
armed. We pi\y all the expenses of these vessels,
and then we expect that the enterprising and intel-
ligent merchant of New York can compete with
our lines. We pay the whole expense out of our
treasuiy, and they pay the whole out of their
pockets. But what tli'ect has this on navigation?
Tt strikes me that it has a direct tendency to dis-
courage navigation, to say nothing of the mon-
strosity of establishing corporations by the means
of the General Government to compete with the
enterprising people of this country—to say nothing
of the vast power which it gives to such a com-
pany over the people of this country—and to say
nothing of the destruction of the shipping interests
of the East which it involves. There are other
and deeper reasons why the Government should
abandon this instantly. Sir, our commerce has
grown up without navigation acts, and our com-
mercial marine has also grown up without naviga-
tion acts, with a rapidity of increase and to a mag-
nitude that astonishes the woild. What has been
the cause of the immense augmentation ofourship-
ping interest ? The cause has been double.' The
first and prime of these causes is the energy and
enterprise and intelligence that belongs to the char-
acter of the American people. The other is, that
navigation was left free to shift for itself—left free
to obey the behests of private intelligence, sharp-
ened by private interests.
Why, sir, how stands the fact with regard to our
navigation before our Revolution, and whilst the
matter of our Revolution was under discussion in
jthe House of Commons?#The maritime genius
and enterprise of our people was celebrate!! by the
ablest English orators and statesmen. It was in
the great debate with regard to American -affairs •.
that Mr. Burke pointed with admiration and won-
der to the mighty enterprise and greatskil I displayed
by the North American navigators. He it was that
could go deeper into the arctic circle than any other.
He it wits that could stand longer under the burn-
ing equator than any other. He it was who could
do.these things, and for doing them be celebrated '
by a foreigner. 1 say, then, that it was the-genius
and character of our people for navigation that was
celebrated when we were green; when we had not
as a nation budded huo life; when our navigation
was freer than English navigation; and the same
characteristics of daring, enterprise, and of high in-
telligence which made our manneis then cairy their
baiques, before their barques had a flag, further -
into the dangers of the sea than England's best
seamen dared go—the same feeling and the same
attributes and characteristics have enabled our At-
lantic friends to build up a shipping interest now
almost equal to that of England herself, although
England started with all the benefits of ocean mo-
nopoly, which sheobtained.through the instrumen-
tality of her navigation acts.
Well, after all this—after the enterprise and
genius of our people have so magnified the ship-
ping interestsof this country—after all this, which
has been accomplished, without the aid of this
Government, by the independent and unrestricted
genius and energies of our people,—in comes Con-
gress and legislates about navigation—in comes
Congress and the Legislature of New York to form
companies by acts of incorporation, to be fostered
and fed out of the public treasury—companies to
take our bread and meat, our flour afitl beef and
cotton, between New York and New Orleans.
Wecome now, when our navigation is thus grown
up without our aid, and drive away those enter-
prising merchants from the coasting trade by
establishing monopolies which we pay out of the
public treasury. We are using the taxes of the
peoplfc io establish monopolies in favor of indivuU
uals, against the enterprise of our people them-
selves, who are engaged in commerce and naviga-
tion. That, sir, is what we are doing. Now, the
quicker we can get out of this business the better.
Our whole mail throughout the United States, in
all its ramifications, is carried between sixteen
thousand post offices for about two and^one-third
millions of dollars, and we last year applied more
than half that sum to carry five mails between two
points in our country and four points iji foreign
countries; and that very year we struck down two
hundied and ninety-six p«-st offices among the
people, m tho§e very regions wheie the post offices
are of the greatest importance; for there the prox-
imity. of a post oftice sometimes saves a day s
labor.
Why, then, sir, have we these ocean mail
routes? The idea of national delence is absurd
and preposterous. That this Government would
intrust the defence of this country to lour New
York incorporated companies, consisting of sortie
twelve or fifteen men, is not to be Leheved; and
what is more, 1 am toid that some of these ships,
when put to the test, reeled under the weight of
