4.46
GONOSESSION AL GLOBE.
Feb. 5,
usurpation, and wrong. I did not say that this
war spirit, or the advice of the honorable Sen-
ator to embark in tins particular mode of wariare,
was confined exclusively to this controversy about
Oregon. ' That,Wcis not my position at all. That
question was still pending; hut the views present-
©d by ths Senator wbi*© oi'o&dcF &nd jfiiorc cxtsndcd
in their bearings. The speech was intended to ex-
hibit to the Senate and the country the importance
and the necessity of checking her career; and in_hts
speech of I34(i we were told how to do it. The
main part of that speech was occupied in pointing
out the' weaknesses of England, and in an attempt
to show that the people of this country and the
whole world had been greatly mistaken in sup-
posing her supremacy to be what it was arrogantly
contended it was. If the gentleman's statement
amounts to anything, it is, that in his speeches of
J84 and 1846 he advocated a hostile policy towards
En"land, because he thought that tne safety, the
interest, ttie greatness ot this country demanded it
—that tins was our destiny, and he looked for-
ward tcr the time when we sliould humble that
proud mistress of the ocean.
JNow, sir, he has said that he has shown that
his speech in 1846 was made after the act of 1845
establishing this policy, and that the vote on the
appropriation for the Bremen line was on the very
day die treaty in relation to Oregon was ratified.
Mr. President, that, appropriation occurred long
after the contract was made. The policy had been
determined on, and the contract was entered into,
and the appropriation was nothing more than a
form of gaming the sanction ot Congress to the
measure. The Senator is mistaken in saying that
the act-of 1845 required that the contract should
be sent to Congress for their approval. Consid-
ering this a new policy, the Postmaster Ueneial
probably thought it prudent to submit the matter
£o Congress fur their approval, although he had j
the power under the act. . :
.JNow, the gentleman says that we commenced .
this policy with voting an appropuairon ot twenty- !
live thousand dollars, and that it has since run up |
to several hundred thousand,-which he regards as ;
an evidence of the abuse into winch the system ;
lias run. But that twenty-five thousand uollars 1
was appropriated only to give an approval by
Congress of the contract. The money was not
expected to be wanted that year; but the contract
was for four hundred .thousand dollars, and not
twenty-five thousand, and the whole amount of
the lour hundred thousand dollars was not to be
advanced until the services had been rendered.
1 do not wish to go into this matter, nor do I
think it necessary to enter into as examination or
defence of tins policy at this time. 1 am only
attempting to show that the Senator has not ex-
cused himself of his share of the lesponsibiiity by
reference to dates. It has become the policy of
the country to increase our steam marine power in
this way, and the Senator must take his share of
the responsibility with respect to this establish-
ment, whether he is wilhng or not.
The Senator is not satisfied with bringing into
this debate these maii lines and other extraneous
subjects, but lie must actually draw into it the sub;
ject of the tariff. 1 suppose K is done for the conve-
nient purpose of assailing my course with reference
to that measure. The Senator has just discovered
that this policy originated in a design to keep up
■ the duties for protection. This is new to me, and,
1 believe, to every one; it was at that time a small
matter, for then no geneial policy was determined
upon. Foi myself, t can say that the tariff never
enteied into my mind in the support 1 gave to that
measure. The Senator from Massachusetts near
me, who was one of the ablest advocates of the
measure, can say whether his support of this pol-
icy was influenced in any manner by its supposed
bea/mg on the protective policy; and I appeal to
him, as a strong tariff mail, whether that ever en-
tered into the question at ali.
Speaking tor myself, and in vindication of my
course, whatever may be my views in legard to
the tariff policy, it never enteied luy mind .that
these steam lines could have any bearing on that
policy. And in respect to expenditures geueialiy, I
a in willing to have my votes and course here com-
pared witti those of tne Senator or any other; and
that is the best test whether I have favored iaige
expenditures to help the tantl.
But the gentleman says that it was about the
time of. my somei set upon the tariff question.
Somerset I What sort, of a somerset? If there
was any somerset, I apprehend it was directly the
other way. It was the honorable gentleman fiom
Ohio who made the somerset, and made it at the
bidding of Executive power. 1 do not know that
I stated this at that time; but when a somerset is
charged upon me, I must state the truth I must
say that the somerset was made by my accuser.
1 maintained on that occasion the views which l
have ever maintained on that great question, and
which the Senator himself must have maintained,
if he went with the party, during the whole Jack-
son dynasty—one quite as illustrious and useful
as some that have since been in power.
The Senator further states that 1 then denounced
the Democratic party with great malignity. This
is. news to me, sir. I have no remembrance of
having then denounced that party. I denounced
the policy of the measure, more irom a considera-
tion of the views of the Secretary m relation to it,
than from the character of the measure itself,
although I thought it objectionable: but it has
proved to be less "so than was then supposed. It
was no tree-trade measure; and all this talk about
free trade in reference to the act of 1846 is mere
humbug. It was no more a free-trade measure
than the act of 1842; and if we are to rely upon
the report of the Secretary at the commencement
of. this session, the general average of the duties
under this act differs very little from that of 184'2.
He tells us that the revenue last year, amounting
to nearly thirty-two millions, accrued on an amount
of importations consumed in the country of about
one hundred and twenty-eight millions only. Ibis
would make the average lateot duties about twen-
ty-eight per cent., and they were thirty only the
last year under the act of 1842.
I believed it to have been a different measure, as
it was represented by the chairman of the Finance
Committee that the average of the duties would be
-twenty-two and a half per cent. only. I regarded
the bill as intended to carry out|tlie free-trade views
of the Secretary's report. But it did not prove to °
have been such a bill, but still a veiy defective bill.
This idea of free trade, of favoring commerce by
an ingenious contrivance of increasing the burdens
upon commerce, is an operation winch 1 neither
undeistand nor believe in. I deny the statement
of the Senator, and appeal to those Senators who
were present at that tune as to the truth of the dec-
i laration that he has made here, that 1 then as-
! saulted the Democratic party. The position I then
i maintained was, that the character ot that act was
I an uncalled-for and unwarrantable departure from
j the policy, long maintained and persevered in, ot
1 the Democratic party; originating, as it did, with
| the lathers and founders of that great political
' church. I was not then prepaied to change my
] opinions at the bidding of any one, nor do 1 ihmk
' 1 ever shall be. 1 believe it to be an unwise meas-
ure; and I am satisfied that, but for the extraor-
i dmaiy circumstances favorable to it, and which
no one foresaw, ail the evils which I anticipated ji
j -would have followed—evils materially affecting the
I finances of the country, as well as many ot its
! great interests. I asset ted this, sir,' with as much
| ability as 1 possessed, and perhaps with some zeal
i and earnestness; and tins is what the Senator terms
! a malignant assault upon the Democratic-party.
I I ho!.i no malice in my. heart toward the iion-
' orable Senator.' He states that he glories m bein
was the Senator from Ohio found upon recent grave
questions which materially involved the glorious
idea of personal liberty? Does Democracy em-
brace the idea of private right and personal liberty?
Does it, I ask, or does it not? What is Democ-
racy, according to his understanding of the sub-
ject? I think he did not say that he went for
principle, but for the party'. If a party gives up
its principles, 1 desire to have nought to do
with it. With respect to myself, it is the prin-
ciples of the party to which 1 have avowed
allegiance, and those principles I will stand by
here and elsewhere; but a party without prin-
ciple, or with principles changing from day ro
day, I do not desire to countenance. Such a
party may do with those who have high political
aspirations; but not being one of that class, I have
never carried my allegiance to party further than
adhesion to its principles. • That allegiance I will
at all times endeavor to fulfill. I can assure the
honorable Senator that if he wishes the high honor
of being assaulted and denounced by me, upon the
ground thatl haveabandoned theDeniocraticparty,
he will be mistaken. I have not assailed„him, and
shall not assail him. He will, therefore, fad of
this honor. Nor have I any malignity or unfriendly
feeling towards him. I have never entertained such
feelings towards the Senator. I have much respect
for him, but I am not insensible to his errors and
faults. We are soon to separatej perhaps never to
meet again; and he may nourish m his heart what
feelings he pleases towards me, but.if they are
what might be inferred trom what he has utLered
to-day, 1 can assure him that they will' produce"
no similar feelings in mine. I shall not leave this
Hall with unkind feelings against any member of
1 this body. 1 have endeavored to discharge my
i duty here according to the dictates of my own
judgment, going forward m the path of duty marked
! out°by that judgment, not troubling myself about
: the consequences that may result to myself—
not fearing to do that duty fiom apprehensions
of displeasing any one, here or elsewhere. Ihis
has been my course up to the present day, and I
do not now intend to step aside from that course
j for the purpose of engaging in controversy with
' the Senator; nor do 1 think it will be in his power
i to instil malignity into my heart towards himself
; by any allusions to my course, however unjust I
i may deem them. And, although he pressed us
i rattier hard last session in regaid to consolidating
; liberty, 1 had at the time a little feeling upon that
i subject, and wanted the resolution put m o'difler-
| ent form, but the Senator would not consent to
! any modification, and consequently I had to take
it as it was, or vote against it. I thought I would
just remind him of it, though I had no present
feeling about it. All these matters, hovvevet,
make no serious impression upon my mind. It
the Senator is ambitious of leaving this Hall with
the high honor and glory of having being assailed
by me, and to tell the cottntry that I am a deserter
fiom the Democratic party, so be it. 1 shall care
very little about it. 1 intend to do justice lo that
Senator now, and I hope I always shall. I cannot ^
say what I may do, but I feel anxious that a Sen-
ator who has infused new elements into the public
mnld, who has done so much to create public sen-
timent, shall have justice done him for his effort*,
here and elsewhere! [Laughter.]
The Senator from Mississippi observed the other
What is his " uodvshould write the history of the country duuug
principle has anything to do with it?
idea of Democracy, of which he has so much to
say? Is lus idea of Deinociacy and party the
same? Well, sir, it was said by Aladaine Roland,
when she approached the scaffold, 110 Liberty,
1 what crimes are perpetrated in thy name!" And
: it may be said at the present time, O Democracy,
what evils, what acts of injustice, oppression, and
folly aie peipetrated in thy name!"
I Sir, I have always stood by the principles of
that party. I stand by them now as they^weie
the period the Senator has acted so conspicuous a
part, and especially ill creating new elements 111
the public mind, I may attempt to do justice to
Senator by becoming the chronicler ot his deeds.
[Laughter.] Why, history should look after a
man who is> able to er.eate and infuse new elemen
into the public mind; andalthough not vety am
nous, still I know 1 have a little of that weakness,
and who is there who would not be proud, ev
in the humble capacity of an historian, ot
mat party, i euuiu uv mem -    -- .Hmqii-ious
undeistood and proclaimed by the fathers of that guishing his name by chronicling the<   be
gieat political church, and as they.have been trans- Ueeds of that Senator ? [Laughtei.J it
mitted down to the present day. There have been, '] immortality, sir. 1 think his deed
from time to time, innovations made upon these j
principles. I have called attention to these inno- i
rations; and particularly .with reference to the j
great question of protection to the rights of the ;
I iree laboi ers of this country. Their interests never
have and never wdl be deserted by me. But where
in the Senate
as weil as in' other places are worthy of c0"1"®"1*
oration, and should be perpetuated by " e histo-
rian's pen. Should 1 teel it-to be my duty n
default of- other and abler writers, to unde tali
the task of handing down the illustrious deeds
my illustrious friend to the study and admiration,
