448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 5.
of it made up of stale items of -city-news, of CO 171-
parativeiy little interest, in a family;—too often of
police reports, and kindred intelligence, which
furnish an unhealthy aliment, both profitless, and
injurious; whrte the coQntry press usually contains
much valuable miscellany, useful to all, and espe-
cially to the young. That one class of papers may
hot have an undue advantage over another at least
^equally useful and discerning, and that the reading
public, separated from commercial pursuits, may
not be deprived of their favorite means of amuse-
ment and instruction, 1 favor the proposed amend-
, roent permitting country journals to circulate, with
the proposed limitation, free. If 1 cannot obtain
this, I shall then move that this class of papers pay
- one-quarter of a cent, and I urge this view to make
• the advantages extended to public journals by
Government, as far as may be under the circum-
stances, eqmi. I repeat, I know that it will, after
all, be partial, but the whole system is founded on
partialiiy; it is artificial at the best, and legislation
cannot make it otherwise; Wt it will remain so
until Government surrenders the usurpation of
this function, and the conveyance of letters and
newspapers shall be left, as it ultimately will be,
to free competition.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I am not certain that I am
in order iri proposing an amendment, which I
stated on a former day, when this bill was,under
consideration, I should offer at the proper time. I
have not since that day interfered m the debate on
this bill, as my sentiments have been better ex-
pressed by the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Allen] than I could express them myself. 1 de-
sire to put the doctrines he has advocated in prac-
ticahoperation, to some extent at least. To this
end I will, when I am informed of the most appro-
priate time, offer the foll'owirjg amendment to the
bill.
1 shall move to strike out the first-clause of the
proviso, and to substitute in lieu of it, instead of,
Ihe amendments offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cameron,] and that of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Dickinson,] the following:
Provided, That newspapers shall not he charged wuh
po^taize tor transportation by mail within the Congressional
district in which the office of publication thereof is situate,
[A Senator. Offer it now.]
"Well, sir, I will otfer it now, and will say a few
words in explanation of it. - ,
I agree with the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] that the proposition to lessen the postage
on papers for thirty or fifty miles from the place
where they are published is unequal, unjust, and
impolitic. Sir, I do not hesitate to denounce it as
sectional, and the most flagrant injustice to the
newspaper editorsand peopleof the frontier States.
It will operate to Jet off the editors and people of
the thickly-settled New England States and Penn-
sylvania from the postage tax on the'r country and
city papers, and the expense of carrying them will
' have to be borne by the people of the other sec-
tions. All I ask is fair play, equal justice. Why
make the arbitrary fifty miles or thirty miles' rate?
It does not apply equally in all the States. A bill
at last session proposed, or an amendment to it
proposed, counties instead of this rate. This was
voted down at once, and properly. To show how
unequal it was, I then slated that we had one coun-
ty in my State larger than Connecticut, Delaware,
and Rhode Island all put together. Sir, by this
bill, as reported by the committee, or as proposed
to be amended by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
or.the Senator from New York, the people of the
States of Connecticut, Delaware, and Rhode Island
will pay little postage, for the longest distance
across either does not exceed one hundred miles.
I am sorry that my ftiend from New York,
[Mr. Dickinson,] who is most generally so liberal
in his course towards the outside States 
[A Senator. Why say most generally ?]
I say most generally, because (his case is an excep-
tion from his usual just and liberal course; he does
not expand his views a little, so as to include' the
people of the frontier and thinly settled States.
We are not " outside barbarians." We want to
see the newspapers, and to read the news. I may
say, that besides .what he has so eloquently and
appropriately described as the superior excellence
of the local country newspapers to the farmer and
other people residing in the country and in small
villages; besides the valuable miscellaneous read-
ing such papers contain in the frontier States, the
people look to their local newspapers for their
local laws.. In them all the official notices, all legal
notices and advertisements are published, and such
paper i3 absolutely indispensable to a-man who
has any business to transact, or who has any
interest in what is going on in society.
In my State we have some dozen newspapers,
and the circulation of all of them extends in the State
at the seat of Government go upwards of two hun-
two or three hundred miles. The papers published
dred* miles to the West, and six hundred .to the
East and South. These papers contain the laws
of the State and Executive proclamations, and,
sir, your notices of land sales, and the Federal-
laws. And yet, sir, by this bill you would mafce
the people of my State pay—you would wring the
cost from the pocket of the frontier settler, and
exempt those who live in the villages in the Mid-
dle and Eastern States. If you will exempt any,
do let it be equal, fair, and just, not partial and
sectional. I intend to press the amendment I pro-
pose, and hope the yeas and nays will be taken on
1 it; and if rejected, and if the bill as reported, or as
proposed to be amended by the Senators from
New York and Pennsylvania be adopted, I dessrg
to see the votes by which it is done on record.
A Congressional district is fixed on in my amend-
ment, because, the population of each is nearly
equal, and the rule is a just and reasonable Qne in
every respect. It is not an arbitrary rule, but
there is an appropriateness and fitness m it, be-
cause it is a division connected with the Federal
Government.
I desire the Senators from the frontier and
sparsely-settled States to attend to this matter, and
not to let the amendment now offered be lost.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 5, 1849. 
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. SIBLEY, by leave,
Resolved, Tharthe Committee on the Post Office ana Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post-route trom Fort Snelling to Fort Games, on
the Upptr Mississippi, and to report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. SIBLEY, by leave,
Rusolvcd, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to,inquire into the expediency of affoidmg to the
northwestern tribes of Indians the henefitof a legal nirisdie-
tiou by the extension of the laws of the United States over
them, and that the said committee repoit thereon by lull or
otherwise.
CONGRESS OF NATIONS.
Mr. TUCK asked the unanimous consent of the
House to offer the following resolution:
Whereas the evils of war, in its consequences upon indi-
viduals, and upon the viitue, happiness, and prosperity of
nations, have long been acknowledged^ and are now at-
tracting the attention of many humane and enlightened cit-
izens of this and other con ntues: and whereas it is the wish
of the people of the United States that our Government
should evince a readinc&s to encourage all well-directed
efforts 10 preclude the occurrence of war and to cooperate
with other nations in all judicious exeiuons intended to
promote perpetual and universal peace; therefore,
Resolved, That it be recommended to the Executive to
propose to all Governments with whom we maintain diplo-
matic relations, and with whom wc have not such stipula-
tions already, the formation of new treaties providing in a
safe and ho'norable manner for the settlement, by arbitra-
tion and peaceable award, of all disagreements and difficul-
ties that may hereafter arise.
Mr. BRODHEAD objected.
Mr. TUCK moved a suspension of the rules to
enable him to offer the resolution; and on that mo-
tion he called the yeas and nays.-
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and^he
question being taken, the House refused to sus-
pend the rules, and the resolution,was not reK
ceived.
THE TREATY WITH MEXICO.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, rose and said, as
he had objected on Saturday morning to the reso-
lution proposed by the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] he desired now to say
to the House, that as far as he was concerned, he
had rio c&jection at all to the resolution which the
gentleman desired to introduce. He wished to
! withdraw his objection; and if the gentleman pro-
posed his resolution he should oifer a slight modi-
fication.
Mr. STEPHENS rose and was recognized by
the Chair.
Mr. TURNER. I inquire if it is in order at
this late day to withdraw the objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephen*] has the floor*
MK STEPHENS moved /to suspend the rules
to offer the resolutions, published rn this paper of
Saturday, concerning the treaty with Mexico.,
The resolutions having been read 
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, (in his seat.) I
hope there will be no objection.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and having
been taken, were yeas 181, nays 3.
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was received.
And\he resolution being thus before the House—
Mr. STEPHENS rose and said that the subject
was one\f great importance. He did not intend
n°\|to gq inio- the discussion of it. He would
barely state fcftat he had good reason to believe that
such a pape/or protocol was in existence, and that
it was signed by the American commissioners in
Mexico, previous to the ratification and exchange"
of the treaty. He desired this morning merely to
call the attention of the House to a few points
which, to his mind, rendered the subject of inquiry
one of importance to this House and to the country,
Mr. KAUFMAN rose to a point of order. He
desired to submit to the Speaker whether this res-
olution was debatable to-day ? *
The SPEAKER said the resolution was debata-
ble. This was petition day, not resolution day.
The House had suspended the rules for the intro-
duction of the resolution. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] would proceed with his
remarks.
Mr. STEPHENS proceeded. It would be ob-
served by the House that in this resolution he had
made an unconditional call upon the Executive,
and that it was not accompanied with the usual
reservation. And he would state the reasons which
had influenced him in so drawing the resolution.
At the last session of Congress, after the ratifi-
cation of this treaty and the proclamation of the
President of the United States, a call was made
upon the Executive for a copy of the instructions
which had been given to the American commis-
sioners. He held in his hand the reply to that call,
would now I
The President says:
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
In answer to the lesolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 17th instant, requesting the President "to com-
municate (if not inconsistent with the public interests,)
copies of all instructions given to the Hon. Ambrose H. Se-
vier and Nathan Clifford, commissioners appointed to con-
duct negotiations for the ratification of the treaty lately
concluded between the -United States and the Republic ot
Mexico," I have to state, that in my opinion it would be
" inconsistent with the public interests" to give" publicity, to
these instructions at the present time.
I avail myself of this occasion to observe, that, as a gen-
eral rule, applicable to all our important negotiations with
foreign- powers, it could not fail to be prejudicial to thv* public
interest to publish the instructions to our ministers until some
time had elapsed aftr.r the conclu^on of such negotiations.
In the present ease the object of the mission or our com-
missioner to Mexico-has been accomplished. The tieaty,
as amended by the Senate of the United States, has been
ratified. The ratifications have been exchanged, and the
treaty has been proclaimed as the supreme law of the land.
No contingency occurred which made it either necessary or
propei foroui commissioners to enter upon any negotiations
wjth the Mexican Government, further than to urge upon
thatGovernment the ratification of the treaty in its amended
form. JAMES K. POLK.
Washington, July 28,1848.
Mr. ASHMUN asked the date of the message.
Mr. STEPHENS continued. It is dated July
23, 1848.
It would thus be seen that the Executive, upon
,this call, had refused to -gire to the House the in-
structions which had been given to these commis-
sioners when they went upon their mission. He
(Mr. S.) had not therefore accompanied the resolu-
tions with the usual conditions. It was, as he had
stated, unconditional. And if gentlemen desired to
know the reason, itwastjiis: if, when this call was
made upon the Executive, it should not be respond-
ed to, it was his (Mr. S. 's) intention to move for a
committee of inquiry, with power to send for per-
sons and papers.
The materiality of the information which was
called for might be inferred from looking into a
paper which he Bad now before him, and which
purported to be a copy of the original treaty of
Gaudalupe Hidalgo, and by contrasting that with
the treaty as it passed the Senate, and the guaran-
tees and explanations made in the papers which
had been read with the protocol. Whether this, or
the paper which purported to be the original treaty
was auth«ntie or not, he would not undertake to
