450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- theumportance of procuring the information 1 have
called for. How far this protocol, if it is in exist-
ence/^ I believe it is, although suppressed as
it has been)—how far it may invalidate this treaty,
3 do not now intend to express an opinion. 1 might
detain the House with other comments upon the
treaty and the many singularities attending it. But
I shall abstain. I shall express my opinion on the
proper occasion. But whether this protocol invali-
dates the treaty or not, 1 am prepared to state here
that the President has assumed a power which he
does not possess by the Constitution of the United
States, in empowering any man to speak for the
Senate; and 1 consider it as nothing short of a
downright insult to the Senate. He had no
right to. send any secret or public agent except
such as was authorized by the Senate; and 1
take this opportunity to renew the opinion which
I expressed the other day upon tins subject, and
which I shall upon all proper occasions repeat,
that I do not recognize this treaty as binding upon
me "as the supreme law of the land," to use
the language employed by the Piesident last sum-
mer. I clo not recognize the principle that the
President and Senate conjointly have a right to
make any treaty which imposes an obligation on
the part of the representatives of the people to ap-
propriate money to carry out that treaty. If the
President and Senate thought it conducive to the
best interests of the country to have &uch a treaty,
it was his duty to ask the representatives of the
people—those who hold the purse-strings of the
nation—to make the appropriation first. But I shall
abstain from further remark on the subjcct to-day.
1 trust I have said^'-enotigh to show the importance
of the information which the resolution calis foi.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said he had not ,
expected to make any remarks; he had not antici- i
pated that a debate would spring up at this stage ;
of the proceedings, and he thought by the time the !
gentleman from Georgia should have made an exam- !
mation of the papers which luight be received uri- i
der his call, if he should agree to extend it—as he
(Mr. H.) wished he would—he would be satisfied ;
that his speech was entirely premature, and did <
great injustice to the President of the United States. 1
It was a little singular that the gentleman from j
Georgia should not have thought proper, in his ex- |
animation of the documents wnich he had read to \
the House this morning, to recur to the message \
of the Presidentof the United Slates, and to the
documents that accompanied that message, when
the treaty was returned after its ratification by the
Government of Mexico, as proclaimed to the coun-
try. If ho hat! referred to the message, and to the
documents which accompanied that message, he
would have found theic that the letter of iVlr. Bu-
chanan, our Secretary of Stale, to the Minister of j
Foreign Affairs of Mexico, was published, and j
contained precisely what the Government of the j
United States based us action upon—that it con- j
tamed the precise instructions, the guide that had ;
been given to the commissioners, Messrs. Se\ier j
and Clifford, to control their action in this matter. '
And if it were true that the wording of that pro- !
tocol did not precisely conform to the letter of Mr. j
Buchanan, or to the instructions of this Govern- j,
roenw to these commissioners—which instructions
lie hoped would be called for by this House—he ;
was sure that "it could not be charged as a fault j,
upon the Administration. * l!
Bntby a proper examination of this protocol and !!
its provisions, and by properly comparing its pio- j1
visions with the treaty itself, as presented to the
Senate of the United States, and with the letter of j;
Mr. Buchanan, our Secretary ofState,to the Mex- ,
ican Minister of Foieign Affairs, and with the in- j
structions—which of course must have accompa- i!
nied the treaty—sentiemen would find that there '
was no material ditierence m any essential paitic- !
ular. !
Mr. STEPHENS (the floor being yielded for ''
explanation) said he would state to the gentleman
from Alabama that he had read the letter of Mr. !!
Buchanan to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of:1
Mexico. j'
As to what the instructions to these commis- ,
sioners were, he did not know. Tins House had !
called for them last year; the President had re- j
fused to give them. He wished to say, then, in
reply to the gentleman, that so far as Mr. Buchan-
an's letter to the Mexican Minister of Foreign Af-
fairs was concerned, that Mr. Buchanan assumed
and made an argument to convince the Mexican
! Government that the amendment was a matter of
: form and not of substance. He (Mr.* S.) granted
i that was legitimate if he could convince them of it.
! But it was one thing to make an aigument to con-
vince the Government of Mexico of a thing, and
i quite another thing to pledge the honor of our
Government thclt it was so. The Mexican Gov-
ernment, it seemed, wa^s not convinced by the ar-
gument of Mr. Buchanan. They said, If it be so,
' sign this protocol. He had no doubt but the Pres-
; ident gave the commissioners instructions to sign
j it, if it was necessary. That was the power which
' he deemed that the President possessed. TheMex-
! ican Government would not receive the argument
i ofMr. Buchanan,and required the ministers of this
: country to pledge the faith of the country that it
, was a matter of form, not of substance, and that
! the Senate intended it as such, and nothing else.
Mr. HOUSTON resumed. The gentleman from
! Georgia said he had examined the letter of the Sec-
retary of State, and all he (Mr. H.) regretted now
was, that the gentleman had not so read that letter
as t& have seen its perfect conformity to, and con-
sistency with, the treaty as amended by the Senate
of the United States.
He was remarking, when he had been interrupted
by the gentleman, that by comparing the treaty as
originally presented to the Senate of the United
States, with the treaty as amended by the Senate
of the United States, and with the provisions of
this procotol, there was in no important or essen-
tial particular one iota of difference.
Now, if they pleased, let him take up these ob-
jections as they had been presented. Let him fust
refer to the article of the procotol which related to
the empresmrio grants. Had there been any as-
surance, he asked, given to the Government of
Mexico by the commissioneis that the terms of the
treaty contained, either latent or otherwise, any
other provisions than were expressed upon its
face ? If the gentleman and the House would refer
to the provisions, they would find that the procotol
contained a statement of law, and nothing more.
He would read it:
'•'2d. The American Government, by suppiessinsr the
tenth article of the tieatyof Guadalupe, did not. in any wav,
intend to annul the Slants of hnirls m.ute by Mexico in the
cc-ded territories. Thesn giant*, notwithstanding the s'.ip-
prf-s&ion of this at tide of the tn at\, pteseive the lnaal
which they may po^s-e^, and the grantees may can->y their
legitimate titles to be auniowldclgcd belore the American
tribunals.''
He would also read an extract from Mr. Bu-
chanan's letter, to show that there could be no mis-
take on the part of the Mexican Government as to
a proper understanding of the treaty arid of the
protocol, viz:
 • The third amendment of the Senate strikes from the
trean the tenth article.
a ItistiuSv unaccountable how th'^ article should have
found a piaee in the uauy. That poitton ot it in ie«aid to
lain!* in Tevis, <hd not receive a «iri«le vote in the Senate.
I[ it weie adopted, it would he a meio nullify oti the face of
the tieat.v, and the judges ofoui eomt< would he compelled
to disregard it. If is our glory that no human power exists
m this country winch can depuvw one, individual of 1ns
property, without his consent, and transfer it to another.
h tir.intoes of lands in Tesup, finder the Mexican Govern-
ment, j>o-<efc3 valid titles, tiny can maintain their claims
before our courts ot justice If they have torhited their
grant?: by not complying w ith the eoiidition?- on which tin v
were made, it is hejond the power of this Government, in
any mode ot action, to render these titles valid, eithei against
Texas or any individual proprietor. To re«uscitatu~such
grants, and to allow the grantees the same period after the
exchange ot tin* ratifications of this treaiyvto which they
were originally'entitled, for the purpose of performing the
conditions on which these eiants had been made, even if
thi< could he accomplished by the power of the Government
of the United States would woik manifold injustice.
'•These Mexican grants, it is. understood, cover nearly the
whole seaeoast and a hir^c portion ol the interior ot Te\a^
They embrace tinivmg villages and a g<eat number of culti-
vated tarms, the piuptiPtur- of which have acqnned them
honestly by purchase from the State of Texas These pro-
prietors are now dwelling in p« ace and security. To revive
dead titles, and sutler the inhabitant ot Texas* to be ejected
und'-r them fiom their po^e-Fions, would bean act of fla-
grant injustice, it not wanton ciueltv. Fortunately, this
Government possesses no power co adopt such a pioceed-
ing.
'•The same observations equally apply to such grantees
in JVevv Mexico and Upper California.
"The pie-ent treaty provide •« amply and specifically in its
8th and 9fh articles for the secuiity of propntv ofeveiy kind
belonging to Mexicans, whether held under Mexic an grants
or otherwise, in the acquired territory. The property'of
foreigners,under mu Constutmon and huv«, will he equally
scene without any tieaty stipulation. The tenth article
eould have no effect upon sucii giantee^ as had forfeited
their chums, but that of involving them m endless litigation,
under the vain hope that a treaty mi^h? eUtc. the defects m
their titles against honest puichafers and owners of the =oil
" And here it may be worthy of ob-ervuion, that it no
stipulations whatever were contained in the treaty to secure
Feb. 5,
to the Mexican inh.il,iiant* and all others protection in tlm
free enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the relision
which they profess, these would be amply guarantied bv the
', Destitution and laws ot the United Stales! Those iiivalu
able bles«mgH, under our forms of government, do notiesnl 
fiom treaty stipulations, but fiom the veiy nature and char
acter of out institutions."
Now, (asked Mr. H.,) was there a lawyer in
this House whoivvould controvert -any part of that
statement? Was there any gentleman here who
would stake his les;at reputation upon the inaccu-
racy of the principle of that provision of the pro-
tocol? Would any gentleman here pretend to deny
that vested rights which had accrued to individ-
uals in the Territory ceded to the United States
by Mexico remained as they were when the coun-
try was acquired by us?
Mr. STEPHENS interposed, and requested to
be allowed to make an inquiry of the gentleman.
Mr. HOUSTON having yielded—
Mr. STEPHENS said, he would state to the
gentleman, that anterior to the war of the Revolu-
tion certain British subjects held under the British
law good titles to lands in Georgia; they took sides
against the Government in the war; their lands
were confiscated and granted by the State to other
persons, to citizens.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is well aware
that that is si totally different case. That Base has
no reference or analogy at all to the one under
consideration.
Mr. STEPHENS.. The cases are precisely sim-
ilar in principle.
Mr. HOUSTON resumed. The cases were noS
the same. In the case mentioned by the gentleman,
11 property was confiscated by law because t he owners
J; joined the enemy and were against the country in
11 the struggle for independence which was then going
on. I'll ere was no analogy to this in the case now
j under consideration. In this instance, we were
negotiating for a purchase of propeity from Mex-
| ico; we arquired territory from her by purchase,
: and what incumbrances did we find upon it? Why,
i we found that before our purchase legal titles had
. been obtained by individuals in that country, titles
, which were good under the laws of Mexico; and
. unless we made some provision by which we con-
i fiscaled that property, as a matter of course the
[ titles to it, as the protocol stated, could come before
j the courts of the United States, and if legal before
j the treaty was made they would be sustained. Now,
I he said that, according to his judgment, there was
1 no plainer principle of lav/ than that; and thatwa3
i all the protocol stated, viz: that the legal titles ac-
i quired from Mexico previous to May, 1846, exist-
! ed precisely on the same foundation under the
| tieaty as they did befote, because the Government
| of the United States and the laws of the United
States could not divest the legal title acquiied be-
fore the title of the United States was acquired to
that temtory.
The other part of that provision of the protocol
he would read also:
" Confoimahly to the law of the United States, legitimate
title* to tvery doeiiption of propel tv. peisonal and real, ex-
isting m the eeoed teriitorie-s, ate those which tvete legiti-
mate tities under the Mexican law in California and New
Mexico, up to the K*th of jyjaj, 1646, aud in Texas up to the
2d of -March, 1836.
Mr. TOOMBS interposed, and (the floor being
yielded) inquired of the gentleman whether it was
' j competent for the Government of the United States,
| by treaty or in any other way, to restore the rights
j of Mexican citizens, or of anybody, to grant,s in
t Texas which had been abrogated by the Govern-
; ment of Texaf ?
i Mr. HOCSTON said he would reply to the in-
; terro^atory of the gentleman from Georgia in the
' negative. But that point was in no way presented
I under this treaty; neither the treaty, nor the pro-
j tocol, nor the Government of the United Stales, as
i he understood, pretended to restore any abrogated
; rights in the Stale of Texas or anywhere else; but
they threw back the individual claimants—those
persona who claimed large grants—upon their
rights as they existed before the treaty, to derive
neither advantage nor disadvantage from the treaty.
He understood that the treaty neither attempted to
confirm nor to disaffirm the rights of individuals to
land, for the reason, as set forth in Mr. Buchanan's
letter, (which he had before him,) that the Gov-
ernment of the United States had no control over
the lands of Texas. That point seemed to be per-
fectly clear. He did not see what incongruity
there was between the protocol and the treaty as
