1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
By Mr. FICKUN: The petition of L. O. Churchill, Uri
Mariiv, J. B. King, and many others, asking for cheap
postage.
By Mr.GOTT : Tho petition of Richard Toilcat and other
citizens of the county of Onondaga, New York, praying for
cb<"ip postage.
By \Ir. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of James
Whituer and 52 othprs, inhabitants of Massachusetts, in
behalf of cheap postage. Also, the petition of William
AHen and 93 others, inhabitants of Q,uincy, Massachusetts,
for the same object.
Bv Mr. CUMMINS: The petition of James M. Brown
and 83 other cmzensof Coshocton county, Ohio, piaying tor
the reenactment of so much of the post office law of 1845 as
allowed the free transmission by mail of newspapers for
thirty miles from the piace where the same are printed.
By Mr. WILSON: The petition of Levi W. Leonard and
42 other citizens of Dublin, New Hampshire, for cheap post-
age. Also, the petition of H. B. Maynnd and 32 others, of
Drewsville, Cheshire county, New Hump-hire, for cheap
postage.
By Mr. JENKINS: The petition of sundry inhabitants of
of Oneida county, New York, for the redaction of postage
and to abolish the franking pi ivilege.
By Mr.CATHCART: The petition ofJIoitensc Ba Hy,of
Indiana.
By Mr. POLLOClv: The petition of William Walker and
forty-nine others, citizens of Columbia couniv, Pennsylva-
nia, against the exteiiMon of slavery, &c. Also, tlie'peti-
tion of Peter B. Mussel. and twenty-three other citizens: of
Northumberland county, Pennsylvania, a-kin? a reduction
of postage and the .uiolirion of thp flanking pnvsl^ge,
Bv Mr. RUWSEY: The petition of A. G. Prior and
others, of Burns, Allegany county, New York, m favor of a
giant of land for a railroad f'om'cineaao'to the Mississippi
riv« r. Aho, the petition of'Rev. R. G, Spalding and othets,
of tlrhana, Steuben county, New York. 111 favor of cheap
postage.
By Mr. ROCKfHLL : A ioint re-oluuon of the Geneial
Assembly of the State of Indiana, instructing their Senator?,
and requesting their Representatives in Congress to u*e
• their influence to obtain the pas?age of a Jaw, to >ell certain
wet lands in the euunties of Adams and Jay, in said State,
to the highest bidder, &c.
BvMr. GOGGtN: The petitionof F. G. Peters and otheis,
of Virginia, asking a reduction of postage arid the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. BLAOKMAR: A petition of 125 citizens of Clyde,
New York, asking the reduction of postage and the abolition
of the franking privilege.
By Mr. SLI\'GERLAND: The petition of Leonard Mo-
sher and 72 citizens of the town of Cocymans, New Scot-
land, and Wocterlo, Albany county, New York, praying for
a mail route from Albany to Greenville.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of 70 citizens of Cayuga
county, New York, asking the passage of a law to prohibit
the introduction of intoxicating htjuors on board vessels m
the service of the United State's.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 6, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a report of the Adjutant General, contain-
ing returns of the militia of the several States,
•with their arms, accoutrements, ammunition, &c.;
which was ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting a report of the number and character
of punishments inflicted in the navy during the
years 1846 and 1847; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENTS before the Senate
a communication from the Post Office Department,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in
relation to the postal arrangement with Bremen,
the reduction of postages on letters, and the services
performed by the Bremen post office; which was
read, and ordered to be printed.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. TURNEY presented additional documents j
in relation to the claim of P. A. Hail for com- j
pensation for medical services to a company of I
Tennessee volunteers, during the late war with :
Mexico; which was referred to the Committee on j
Military Affairs. !
Mr. FELCEI presented a petition from citizens 1
of Ann Arbor, Michigan, asking for a reduction j
of postage, and the repeal of the franking privilege; !
which was laid on the table. |
Mr. F. also presented a petition from certain ;
chiefs of the Chippewa tribe of Indians, praying 1
that certain lands may be receded to them for pur- :
poses of cultivation; that they may be permitted to j
become citizens of the United States, and an ap- j
propriation to pajr the expenses of their journey to j
Washington; which was referred to the Commit- !
tee on Indian Affairs. j
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition from Chas. '
Taylor, asking a pension on account of wounds
received in the late war with Great Britain; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. H. also presented a petition of Alexander
Y. P. Garnett, asking compensation for extra ser-
vices; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition from citizens
of Butlerville, Warren county, Ohio, asking for a
new mail i*oute from Liberty Hall to Butlerville;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads,
Mr. C. also presented petitions from citizens of
Circlevilie, Highland and other counties of Ohio,
asking for a reduction of the rates of postage, &c.;
which was laid on the table.
Mr D1X presented a petition from-citizens of
New Hartford, Oneida county, New York, pray-
ing that the rates of postage may be reduced, and
the franking privilege abolished; which was laid
on the table.
Mr WALKER presented a petition from citi-
zens of La Point county, Michigan, asking the es-
tablishment of a mail route from the cotmty seat of
said county, to the Falls of St. Croix river; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. BRIGHT presented resolutions from the
Legislature of Indiana in favor of transmitting free
of postage all documents printed by order ot State
Legislatures, and newspapers ordeted by them lor
members; u Inch were laid'on the tkole.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, piesented a peti-
tion from Alexander Montgomery, captain and
assistant quartermaster m the aimy, asking to be
allowed a commission on disbursements made du-
ring the operations of the army in Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS also presented a petition from
Robert M. Martin, a corporal of volunteers in the
Mexican war, asking for bounty lands; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. YULEE presented a petition from Allen G.
Johnson, a volunteer officer in the Seminole war,
asking payment of a balance due him on the set-
tlement of his accounts; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Allans.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition from Christian
Sharps, asking that an improvement made by him
H in the construction of rifles may be adopted in t^e
ij military service; which was referred to the Com-
!l mittee on Military Affairs.
;| Mr. FOOTE presented the petition of P. H.
1} Hargous, setting forth the advantages of a com-
!' municauon with the Pacific by means of a railroad
j! across the Isthmus of Tehuantcpec, for the con-
i struction of which he has the authority of the
1 Mexican Government, and asking that Congress
will act finally.
i Mr. DODuE presented resolutions from the
Legislature of the State of Iowa, asking that an
■' appropriation be made for improving the Skunk
i river, m the State of Iowa; which was referred to
I the Committee on Public Lands.
j Mr. D. also presented resolutions from the Legis-
I lature of the State of Iowa, in favor of the esiab- I
i h&hment of a mad route from Bloomington, Iowa, j
| to Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin; which were re- J
I ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post I
| Roads. _ ^ f
! Mr, D. also presented resolutions from the Legis-
lature of the State of Iowa, m favor of an appro-
priation for the improvement of the Des Moines
and Rocky River rapids, m the Mississippi river;
! which were referred to the Committee on Com-
1 merce.
.Mr. .D. also presented similar resolutions in
i favor of a mail route from Tipton, m Cedar county,
to the county seat of iiesteivcounty, Iowa; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office jj
and Post Roads. jj
Mr. D. also presented similar resolutions in j|
favor of the establishment of a mail route from |l
Ottunsite in Wapello county, to Chariton Point j!
in Lucas county, in the State of Iowa; which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and :i
Post Roads.
Mr. D. also presented similar resolutions in :{
favor of the establishment of a mail route fiom
New London, Henry county, directly to Craw-
- fordsville, Washington county, and thence to Iowa
City; which were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
ABSENCE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from citizens
of Niagara county, New*York, asking Congress
to establish a rule by which members shall only
receive pay for such time as they may have been
actually present.
Mr. H. said; I have received a petition from
citizens of Niagara county, New York, who state
that they have understood.and believe that it is no
uncommon thing for some members of Congress to
absent themselves unnecessarily from their places
in Congress, to the neglect of the business intrusted
to their care, and they pray-that your honorable
body, in conjunction with the other House, will
establish a rule of law by which Senators and
Members shall be credited with the time that they
are in actual attendance and no more, and that at
the close of the session they shall receive their per
diem allowance for such time as they shall have
been in actual attendance. In presenting this peti-
tion, I will say that I know of no fact which justi-
fies the allegation which it contains, awl i have
some doubt as to Aether the petition need be re-
ferred to a special committee, or to any committee,
and in the mean time I will merely move that it lie
upon the tabic.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire whether he brought
that petition along with him when he returned lately
from the North? [Laughter.] if the petition-is
to be referred to a select committee, the Senator
himself would constitute the proper committee.
He, having been absent from his seat in this body,
must necessarily understand the merits of the sub-
ject.
Mr. HALE. I can state, for the information
of the Senator from Indiana, who asks whether I
brought it with me, that the petition is from the
western part of the State of New York, and that
in the tour which I made to New Hampshire I did
not go by that route.
The petition was laid upon the table.
POST ROUTE TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. BELL presented a memorial of, Wm. A.
Bradley and others, asking the aid of Government
in the construction of a road and the establishment
of communications by mail between the city of St.
Louis and the Pacific Ocean; and in doing so—
Mr. C. said: I have been requested to present to
the Senate the petition of William A. Bradley and
others, for permission to establish a mail route from
the Mississippi to the Pacific coast. It is possible
that numerous projects may be submitted relating
totheintercourse with our possessions on thatcoast;
but the proposition which is submitted in this me-
morial I consider as being a very striking one,and
one which must have very imnoitant consequences
if carried out. The proposition is to cai ry the mail
weekly from some point on the Mississippi river
to the Pacific, and to establish on the line of the
route, at ten or twelve miles distance from each
other, relays of men and horses for the speedy con-
veyance of the mail, which they propose to carry
in stage coaches, and after a sufficient time to carry
passengers also. They have an opinion that they
can carry the mail in a shorter time than it can be
carried over land by any other of the proposed
routes. They state that they will have in thfeir em-
ployment upon the whole line, about a thousand
men, and they think that within six months they
will be able to put this pioject in execution. I
do not undertake to say that it is practicable by the
projectors unassisted, but it appears to me that by
the expenditure of a reasonable sum on the part of
the Government it may be put m operation; at ail
events, this is a proposition winch I think deserves
the notice of the Senate, and should receive its
serious consideration. And with that view, sir, I
will inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads whether it will be
possible for that committee to give an immediate
examination to the subject, in order that, if it be
reported upon favorably, there may be time for the
action of the Senate to be had upon it; if not, I
will move its reference to a select committee, be-
lieving as I do that it is a matter which should
receive the attention of Congress. I have further to
state, sir, that the persons concerned in this enter-
prise, in making the proposition, gave some refer-
ences of high character, from which I have reason
to place reliance updn their enure competency to
executesuch a project; and they impose upon them-
selves the further condition that they will require
no remuneration until they are ready to execute
the woik.
Mr. NILES. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads have, I beheve, not so much busi-
