1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
within three months, and be completed within
three years from the date of the contia'ct.
Mi. DAYTON. And the whole shows that it
must go from Panama to the other side by land.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That latter proviso does
say that the road is to be constructed within three
years; and that should mean, as the section should
be construed, from ocean to ocean; but have you
given it that construction? If a railroad should be
made to Crnces, you are then enabled to do it by
- steam power; and docs not every gentleman per-
ceive that the argument which I make illegitimate
and unanswerable? Can it be denied ? You com-
mence payment, according to this bill, whenever
you can use steam power all the way, without re-
quiring it to be by railroad all the way. You are
to finish it in three years, but you finish it twenty-
six miie*s one year, and you get $250,000 for car-
rying it part of the way by watei and part of the |
way by land". If, gentlemen will look.into the!
figures, they will dfepeive nobojiy, £oi\eveiybody j
can comprehend them. The^'^ill.jsee^-that this j
sum of $250,U00 pe^mimTrtiia-f-be dra^ti for two i
years when part of the route is performed by the ]
river. If you can finish it in one year you can use j
steam power all the way; and theoyour payments -
commence at *p250,000 a year; so that, tur two j
years, using the river to Cruces, and the railroad i
thence to Panama, you pay $500,000. Nobody !
can mistake that. The latter proviso, therefore,
to which my attention has been called, does not
touch the objection I make. I know that it does
not continue through the whole ten years, but u
continues from the time the road"is made from
Panama to Cruces to the end of the three years
during which the entire road is to be finished,
and the effect will be just what 1 have stated. !
"Well, sir, now to prove still further that it is a
mere gratuity, i have some figures to present, and
then I h^ve done. You have a tariff, sir, that you
propose shall be„enforced by the provisions of this
bill. That tariff of rates begins with eight dollars
for passengers and ends with three dollars. At the
time the ten years expire, when you have the
privilege of ceasing to pay the £>250,000 per annum,
you leave the tariff at four dollars per passenger
and four dollars per ton for the transportation of
freight. Now, for the purpose of the calculation,
I have taken your tariff at the time you have the
privilege of putting an end to the contract. I might
have taken the three-dollar tariff, and even that
would have shown a great enormity; or I might
have taken the eight-dollar tariff, and that would
have shown striking results also. But I have
chosen to take the four-dollar tariff as an interme-
diate sum. Well now, sir, how many men do you
expect the Government will want to transport acioss
thatisthmus? The whole army ? Why, there is less
than ten thousand men on the peace establish-
ment—some eight or nine thousand, 1 think. But
peihaps you want to transport some sailors and
marines, in addition: if so, you will increase the
number but to some ten thousand men, and what
will that amount to? Why, at four dollars a head,
the amount will be $40,000 for sending your whole
army and some sailors and marines across. And
how many tons of munitions of war, how much
food, how much raiment, how much of everything
is needed to be transported across this isthmus?
Will it be ten thousand tons? That would be an
immense amount. I presume it will not be a fourth
of that amount—certainly it will not be half; but
take it at ten thousand tons, and how much will
that amount to? Only $>40,000, according to this j;
tariff of rates. Well, acid the whole ten thousand j|
men, and you have $>40,000 more, making the ag- j]
gregate of ^80,000; and yet when, according to the |
tariff that you recognize on the face of this bill, \\
you can have the whole army transported and ten !j
thousand tons of munitions of war for §80,000, -i1
you give ^250,000 per annum to this company. It ||
is a gratuity, sir, of $170,000 per annum, if the ^
four dollars is a fair compensation to the company ij
for this service. Now, does not this prove to be j!
the introduction of a new principle into this bill? ;
Does it not show that, under this guise of a con- ;]
tract, the real object is not to pay an equivalent in ij
money for an equivalent of service; but, under this |!
guise of an equivalent, you are to pay as a gratu- \\
ity to this company, for their individual profit, at ,j
the late of $170,000 per year. Sir, if these aie not :j
the figures on this bill, I should like to see some ji
gentleman who advocates this measure give us the h
figures. I should like to have them state howl!
many men they calculate to transport, and how
many tons, and let us see what we are paying,
and what it is we are to receive.
Well now, Mr. President, one other point to be
suggested, with some remarks, and that is all 1
have to say. All the remarks which I have here-
tofore made are based on the service -\yhich this
company is to render to the Government alone. I
have not yet included any service to be rendered
to individuals, i have not noticed any compensa-
tion which they are to receive for the tran«porta-
tion*of the thousands of emigrants wending their
way to the El Dorado of California. I have not
looked to their baggage, sir. True, 1 have contem-
plated'that of the soldiers and sailors, so far as the
Government supplies it, but these thousands and
tens of thousands going to the Pacific and to Cali-
fornia to make their individual fortunes I have not
brought into the estimate. But now let us look at
tfiem. There will be thousands of them, sir, if the
present information that we have fiom the news- j
paper press is to be lehed upon. We see shipment j
after shipment making to the western coast of |
America. We see emigrant after emigrant, com- j
puny after company forming, and going there, and
these numbers, we have reason to believe, will be '
doubled, thus doubling the revenues of this com- |
pany for transit across that line, for that is the ;
nearest and most direct route across the isthmus. ■
But that is not all, sir. We have a learned esti-
mate presented to us by the Naval Committee of i
the other branch of Congress, and I have taken i
the trouble to look into it, and I feel a little exult- !
auon in my heart at seeing the speculations m j
which my friends weie indulging, respecting the 1
great glory which was in prospect. We see in thai i
report how the distance to Asia has been shortened j
by this route, and how we are to have all the ad- j
vantage of the route for our trade to the Asiatic :
islands and Australasia; and we see golden dreams j
in the minds of the people, transporting them to \
California. ii
But, sir,'What is the annual saving of all these
calculations? Eighty-five millions is the estimate
fur twenty yeaia, according to these calculations.
Whether these schemes aie-to be realized or not, !
is a different thing; but it seems to be based on the J
best information that we have. Their annual profit, !
then, will exceed four millions of dollars, and, 1
wonderful to tell, this is to be derived fiom com- j
mercial profits atone, wholly independent of what !
the Government gives. Well, sir, if more than
four millions be saved, wholly unconnected with
what the Government has to pay, how much t
would it be right for that company to charge on ,
the business ot the country for their profits? i ;
should suppose, if they charged one-fourth, it j
would be as little as could be expected. To a man j
who saves mej£l,000 a year 1 would readily give j
$250, for he would then save me $750. So, if !
there -is anything in these calculations, the com- j
merce and business of the country are sure to be
benefited at the rate of more than four millions a
year; they could theiefore at least allow one mil-
lion out of the fuui to this company.
Mr. CLARKE made some remark in an under
tone from his seat, which was not audible at the
reporter's desk.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I know that. They begin
at eight dollars. Here re the report by which
they suppose the whole commerce of Asia is to t
pass across this isthmus; and how many tons will
it be; how many men will be employed in the ''
management of itr Here, sir, is their leport. :]
They say m that report that twenty years will give
the nation a profit of ^65,000,000, which will afford ■'
an average of four millions a year. Well, if it
saves the country four millions a year, I suppose ^
one-fourth of that might reasonably be charged :
as profit to the company, and thus you have the
whole amount of expenditure in making this road
in four years. But suppose they should notchaige
a million a year profit—take it that it would be
wrong to do so—will you charge one-eighth?
That will be $500,000 a year, and then you pay
for this investment in eight years. But suppose,
again, that even that is wrong; suppose you bring
it down to a sixteenth, and then add to that amount
that which the Go\erament pays, and how will the
thing stand ? According to this report the profits
would be £250,000 on individual commerce and
passengers, and $250,000 more paid to them by
the Government, making an aggregate of $500,000,
while, according to the data before us, the whole
road will not cost more than four millions of dol-
lars; so that the whole investment is to be paid-for
in eight years, according to that calculation.
Well, now, if gentlemen are not satisfied with
that, instead of taking one-sixteenth, they may
come down to one-thirty-second part of it, and,
adding to that ^hat the Government pays, it makes
$375,000, I believe, or something like it.
Now, sir, I have given you these speculations
and these data, and if there be anything in them
at all, it is very manifest that it is to be the
most profitable route for the investment of capital
on the face of the earth. There is to be nothing
like it. It is to transcend every other railroad that
has been constructed. And what, then, are you
doing? It is a contribution on the part of the Gov-
ernment—a departure from all tne principles of the
Constitution—to make millionaires of the members
of this company. That, sir, is your bill. I be-
lieve it was suggested that it was an extra-territo-
rial improvement. So much the woise for me; so
much the better for my argument, but worse for
my feelings, I want to improve my own country.
I want to make a railroad—one or two, if you
please—across the valley of the Mississippi to the *
Pacific; but I want it in our own country, if! can
get it. I will not object to this, if you will place
it on a basis by which I can see that we get m
equivalent for the money which we pav; but I will
not give a cent—1 am too democratic for that—by
way of exclusive privileges to a favored few. With
the views I have taken of this matter, based on the
figures which I have read, and looking at what the
Government will give under this act, and what in-
dividuals must pay, it must be the most profitable
investment on the face of the earth. To this bill,
then, sir, I am altogether opposed. I am further
opposed to it, because we have not the data upon
which to act, and because I believe that this thing
has taken a step which it should not have taken.
Sir, if you had obtained, through the -rnstru-
mentality of the Government, as I believe you
could have done, a charter to incorporate a com-
pany, peimitting individuals of this country to
have taken that stock, giving all a fair chance of
making business investments, the Government
need not to have been called upon for a cent. The
great advantages to be derived from it would have
been inducement enough to take the- stock and
make the road. That was the plan that should
have been pursued; but instead of pursuing that
plan, or doing anything like it, what has been
done? A French company obtain a charter, and
within a mouth or two they undertake to transfer
it to an American company; but, sir, so far as I
have examined that charter, I see not one particle
of authority for making this transfer. It may be
there; but if so, I have altogether overlooked it.
And what is this charter? The French company
was to commence the work within twenty-two
months from the 1st June, 1847, which tim© I be-
lieve will expire in April next; so that there are
but few days left before the work has to be com-
menced or the charter forfeited.
Several Senators, in an under tone, made ob~"
servations to the honorable Senator, which were
not audible in other parts of the Chamber.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Perhaps 1 ought not to
have broached this branch of the subject, because
I have not the charter before me, and I have not
examined it very particularly; but, according to
my recollection, the work has to be commenced in
twenty-two months from the 1st June, 1647, an<j
if that is the case, there is but a fraction of time
left, and it seems impossible to save the charter,
even if you pass the bill at once. There may, to
be sure, be an extension beyond the time which I
have named; but if so, it has escaped me.
Sir, 1 have given my views on this subject, and
having done so, I will surrender the floor.
Mr. DAYTON obtained the floor, but gave way
to Mr. Foote, at the request of the latter gentle-
man, who stated that h£ wished to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. FOOTE, Mr. President, I wish to offer an
amendment based upon a memorial which I hold
in my hand. This memorial, I beg leave to say,
would never have found its way into this hall,
were it not for the fact that the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Douglas] expressed a strong desire, the
other day, that such an instrument should be drawn
up and presented here.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from Mississippi is entirely mistaken, i
