460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6,
expressed no such desire, but merely referred to
the feet that early in the session such a memorial
had been promised, but had not been presented,
and was then only shadowed forth for the purpose
of defeating this bill.
jVlr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I certainly mis-
undei stood the Senator from Illinois, on that occa-
sion, if he did not express a desire for the produc-
tion of this memorial; and I have forgotten my own
remarks in reply to the Senator at that time, if I did
not say that the memorial should be forthcoming,
and that 1 would take it upon myself to produce it.
I certainly understood the Senator from Illinois to
express a strong desire that this memorial should
be produced, but his statement on the present occa-
sion of what he intended to say, or what he actually
said at that time, I of course shall notgainsay;*but
inasmuch as I so understood him, my excuse for
the production of this instrument is complete.
I will take this opportunity to state that I concur
in the mam with the views so ably expressed by
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Un-
derwood;] and 1 especially concur in the view that
we are not yet prepared to act definitely upon this
subject, but that we should examine this matter
further, and investigate it most thoroughly before
we take any decisive step in relation to it. In con-
n^etion with this, I feel bound to say that there is
some valuable information upon this subject now
in the course of preparation by myself and my
friends, which will be ready for presentation to the
Senate to-morrow morning. This information is
derived from distinguished officers of the American
navy, who are familiar with the coast around Te-
huantepec and Panama. Their opinion upon this
important subject will be of great value; and, in
addition to the information which I have had the
pleasure of seeing expressed by Lieutenant Maury
fn a letter to the honorable Senator from New
Jersey, [Mr. Dayton]—which letter I hope that
Senator will read to the Senate—will, perhaps, give
us sufficient information to enable us to act upon
this important matter with discretion and advan-
tage. This memorial I beg leave to have read
before I offer my amendment.
I trust the Senator from New Jersey will bear
with me, while I make a single remark in relation
to the signification of the word " Tehuantepec.,,
The Senator from Delaware (Mr. Clayton] in-
formed the Senate the other day that the term
"Tehuantepec" means a "hell of a blow," but I
have learned from .gentlemen who are fully in-
formed upon this subject, that the word "pec"
means ua mountain," ar.d that the term "Te-
huantepec" signifies "a town between two moun-
tains." As a proof that this is the meaning of the
word, I would refer the honorable Senator from
Delaware, and all other gentlemen interested, to
the names of some eight or ten towns all ending
with the word li pec," and all situated between
mountains. I believe*that all Mexican towns sit-
uated between' mountains end with the syllable
" pec."
Mr. DAYTON. Do I understand that the Sen-
ator from Mississippi offers an amendment to the
bill?
PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an amend-
ment now pending, and no other amendment can
be offered until that is disposed of.
jVlr. FOOTE. I believe I can offer it as an
amendment to the amendment.
-PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOOTE. I would like to have the memo-
rial read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the memorial of
Peter A. Hargous, of the city of New York, for
himself and in behalf of others interested with him,
respectfully representing that they are invested
with full authority from the Mexican Republic,
under the most solemn guarantees from that Gov-
ernment, to open a communication between the
Gulf of Mexico and the Pacific Ocean, across the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec.
Mr. FOOTE. Without having my amendment
read, I would state that it gives the Secretary of
the Navy option to contract with either one com-
pany or the other, if the contract should be made;
and I move to have both the memorial and amend-
ment printed for the use of the Senate.
The amendment is as follows:
Insert m 5th line of the 1st section, after the words " Uni-
ted State*," the word " either;" and insert after the word
"ocean/5 m the l^th lute, m the same section, as follows:
uOr with such persons as he may hereafter, at any time
within three months from the lOtii February, 1849, ascertain
to be possessed of a complete legal right to establish a rail-
way across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, and prepared in
all respects to afford a reasonable assurance of faithful and
advantageous execution of said contract: Jlnd provided, fui -
ther> That said contract may be rescinded by the Secretary
of the Navy* whenever it shall he ascertained not to be in
a course of successful execution; or whenever any other
companies than the one actually contracted with shall be
found willing to enter into a more advantageous and satis-
factory contract than the one allowed by this act."
Mr. Foote's motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, I do not pur-
pose to consume much time in the discussion of
this bill; and had the vote been taken without
argument this morning, I would most cheerfully
have deferred any expression of my sentiments
upon the subject. But the views which have fallen
from my friend from Kentucky seem to afford a
favorable opportunity, and, indeed, seem to call
for the expression of some sentiments in oppo-
sition to the suggestions he has made.
Mr. President, I am most happy to find that the
Senator from Kentucky concurs in the general
propriety of this measure. I am most happy to
find also that he concurs even in the locality, the
Isthmus of Panama, and that with him the ques-
tion is a mere question of dollars and cents, and
the modus operandi by which the Govetnment shall
be instrumental in bringing this measure about.
Under .these circumstances there is, perhaps, not
so much difference of opinion between that Senator
and the rest of us as there might otherwise be. It
has been well said, that the age and country de-
mand that this communication be established across
the isthmus somewhere, and this feeling upon the
part of the country has induced this Government
to take the initiative. And if we are now to look
for another locality, a thousand miles away from
the Isthmus of Panama, all I can say is, that we
are taking the back track, and abandoning what
we have already begun.
On the 15th of February, 1847, a treaty with
New Granada was presented to this body—the in-
junction of secrecy has been removed fiom that
treaty, and the papers connected with it—for rati-
fication; and in that treaty, and as one of the
operative reasons for which the Executive called
upon this Government to confirm it, was the grant
to this Government of the right of way across the
Isthmus of Panama. And we were then told that
this was the best and the only practicable route,
upon present information, connecting this country
with that, and the shortest and speediest route
between our Atlantic cities and our possessions on
the Pacific; and for these reasons, and others of
the highest, importance, the Executive called upon
us to ratify that treaty. Under those circumstances
wc ratified the treaty. We departed from that
course of policy which has always characterized
our relations with foreign countries, and entered
into a treaty, offensive and defensive, with the Re-
public of New Granada, guarantying the neutrality
of the isthmus; not, mind you, sir, the neutrality
of a single line of fitly miles one way by fifty feet
another, but guarantying the neutrality of the en-
tire isthmus—the enure province of Panama. That
is the position in which w e stand m connection
with the Republic of New Granada; these are tlie
relations we bear to her; these are our obligations
to that Government.
Again, with a view o'f connecting our country
with the western coasts of this continent and with
the waters of the Pacific, we have stipulated to
pay, and do now pay, four hundred and ninety
thousand dollars per annum for keeping up a mail
route from the INorth and East to the Isthmus of
Panama, and from the other side of the isthmus
up to the Oregon coast. That stipulation is per-
manent, obligatory, binding. We have agreed to
guaranty the neutrality of the isthmus, and have
agreed to pay four hundred and ninety thousand
dollars annually, for the purpose of keeping up a
communication from our northern and eastern
States to the one side of the isthmus, and from the
other side to our northwestern coast, and now we
desire to fill up the intermediate gap; and the ques-
tion is, whether we will fill up that gap, or whether
we shall travel a thousand miles away to the Isth-
mus of Tehuantepec for the purpose of embarking
in a speculation about which no man knows any-
thing. If we do enter upon this speculation, I can
only say that we will be doubling upon our track,
we will be forsaking what we have already done.
We are resting under obligations, of which we
cannot relieve ourselves, and we fail to get the
benefit of these.obligations because we fail to fill
up this intermediate gap from one side of the isth-
mus to the other. Under these circumstances, I
| apprehend that there can really'be little difficulty
; upon this question in any of its aspects, ex,cept its
price.
It has been said by my friend from Kentucky
that we know very little of this route; that it has
not been surveyed; that we know little of the dis-
tance, and less, perhaps, of the elevation. With
great deference to my friend, I must say that he *
is mistaken in regard to this matter. The route
has not been surveyed, and it never will be sur-
veyed, by the official engineers of this Government-
but it has been surveyed by the official engineers
of another Government, and by private engineers
equally competent as our own, and as worthy of
reliance. It was surveyed by Mr. Guerilla, a
French engineer, in the year 1844. It was also
surveyed-by Captain Falmarck, of the New Gra-
nada engineers, some three or four years ago; and
it was surveyed a ^e#r or two since by Mr. Bald-
win, an eminent American engineer. All these
gentlemen concur in the same general expression
of opinion both as to the distance and as to the
elevation to b^overcome—about three hundred
and thirty-six feet of elevation, and about fifty
miles of distance; and they suppose that this ele-
vation might be reduced to about three hundred
feet. We have, then, a practicable, route, clearly
settled by competent engineers upon recent explo-
rations.
Well, then, to follow my friend from Kentucky,
this question becomes a mere question of dollars
and cents. We are told that this appropriation of
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars is a mere
gratuity for the purpose of enabling this company
to build the road; and that, in point of fact, it is
money enough to enable the company to build the
road. Now, sir, in reference to the cost of this
road in the first place, acting upon the best data
before us, the judgment and estimate of our ablest
engineers, we are told that the cost of the road,
including the expense of piers, and perhaps break-
waters upon both sides of the isthmus, and other
incidental and necessary expense?, will amount to
about five millions of dollars. We are told how
the estimate was made, and we may faiily infer
that the cost will not fall short of the estimate. If
it does fall short, it will be the first road that was
ever built for a less sum than the original estimate
of its cost. It is much more likely to overrun
than to fall short, especially as this is an experi-
ment, tried in a sickly climate. The cost of trans-
porting thither the materials for the road, the high
price of labor, the sickness that must prevail among
the laborers, with the many other difficulties ana
expenses of which we can know nothing, with
perhaps an occasional earthquake to interfere with
their plans, both before and after the completion
of the road—taking all these things into consider-
ation, it is highly improbable that the cost of the
road will fall short of the estimate—five millions
of dollars,
The Senator from Kentucky says, in regard to
this two hundred and fifty thousand dollars per
annum which we are to pay the company, "Why,
this is five per cent.; and, in the course of ten
years you will supply nearly money enough to
build the road out and out." That has been the
mistake in the whole argument, from beginning
to end, of those who have opposed this measure.
They have taken it for granted that we are to pay
up the whole amount of five percent, for ten years
at the beginning, and that that was to be a capital
with which to construct the road. It is perfectly
clear, that, by the terms of this bill, we are not to pay
a cent until the road is completed; and if my friend
from Kentucky thinks it important, he may make
-it still more certain by adding the amendment to
the bill. He may, if he chooses, relieve himself
from further difficulties still, by adding an amend-
ment providing that no money shall be paid until
the road is completed from ocean to ocean. The
bill says in relation to this point, " provided that
no payment under such contract shall be made
until such railroad shall be so far advanced as to
permit said transportation across the Isthmus of
Panama wholly by steam power." And it is
further provided that the road shall be completed
within three years, and what shall be the price of
transportation of men and freight across the isth-
mus. All the difficulties suggested by the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky—if they are difficuU
