1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
mile. And now, when we look at the income of
this proposed road, we are to take with us one
very important consideration. Here is one termi-
nus of the road on the Atlantic, the other on the
Pacific; the distance between the two extremities
is fifty-two miles, and there is no intermediate
trade or traffic.
Well, 1 do not know any road in the country
that could sustain itself without some intermediate
traffic. It is generally supposed that no railroad
in New England could now be sustained upon the
through travel alone. It is stated on good authority
that on the road from Worcester to Albany, for
the years 1841, '42 and '43, the receipts from way-
passengers, for one of those years, was greater than
the entire receipts from (ftrougft-passengers for the
whole three years. And it is those leceipts from
way-passengers, this intermediate travel and traffic,
which enables the road to maintain itself and
make a dividend. Now, no one supposes that, for
petitioners, we* have reason to believe, that, with
the.assurance that this sum will be paid, they may
be able to obtain so much more credit and so much
greater facility in conducting their operations that
they will be able to complete the work.
And there is one other thing to be remembered,
that this will be the only way of crossing the
isthmus for many years to come. Public attention
has been very strongly drawn to this subject. We
have now extensive territories on the other side
of the continent, and although we do not know
whether the immediate object of those who invest
their capital in the undertaking will be attained,
although we do not know whether they will, for
ten years to come, be remunerated for their outlay,
still the advantage to the country which must ac-
crue from the direction-given to the business of the
country which must necessarily be carried through
that channel, will be of so decided a character that
it ought to be undertaken. Whether the hopes
a great length of time, there can be anything like ji and expectations of those who visit the gold region
any way-travel upon this road. There is no town ij shall or shall not be realized, the commerce of the
of any importance at the ends, and no adjacent in- j] country will, nevertheless, be benefited, by having
UoKitanto rriin«  wrlin flJspm 1 >ark ftf. onP. &Xf.rp.mI?V !i   rparlw cAmmiini^Htinn hpt«/«=pn thp Afinntlf. f
habitants. Those who disembark at one extremity
of the road will pass over it andsembark at the other
extremity of n, and this is all the travel the road will
obtain. This is a very important consideration at-
tached to all railroads and canals every where. It is
a remark that is true of the Ene canal, in Us early
a ready communication between the Atlantic and
Pacific coast. I believe, therefore, that the public
generally are decidedly in favor of some immediate
measure, to be begun now, to open a communica-
tion which shall so much shorten the distance be-
tween the United States on this side of the moun-
history, that the receipts for the business between tains and the territory of the United States on the
Albany and Buffalo, both ways, for three years, | other side. And it is in this point of view that I
amounted only tofWo and a half per cent, of the
entire receipts for tolls. There is no dispute about
this, and its enlarged receipts have been created, in
a great degree, by the growth of the country, and ;
the extension of traffic along the line. The traffic 1
on the Panama route is yet to be created, it is to ,
be produced by the growth and extension of com- |
merce on the coast, and between the Atlantic and |
Pacific Oceans. Its business is to spring up, if it ever j
becomes profitable at all, by the course of trade
taking that direction in consequence of the creation
of the railroad itself.
Now, sir, I agree entirely with what has been
suggested,* that many of these expectations in
regard to changing the course of trade, by the
establishment of this road, will not be realized. 1
agree entirely that for the present there will be
think that this is precisely the measure that is
called for by the judgment of the whole country,
and the only practicable measure that has been
suggested; and it is for these reasons that I sus-
tain it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise not to detain the
! Senate, but to correct an error which the honor-
| able Senator from Massachusetts fdl into, or a
! misapprehension of what I undertook to say. i
1 did not intend to express tjhe idea that I would be
i in favor of the Government having secured to itself
! the privilege of making this road, and of its under-
j taking to do the work wholly at the expense of the
| Government. 1 intended to express the idea that
! the proper way of having it done was, to secure
I the having it done by a company, and for the Gov-
' ernment to take stock or not as they please. This
much less use for the road than many men of (j would be my plan of operation, and I hope I will
ardent imaginations suppose. f know it is the !i be so understood by the reporters. While up, I
opinion of gentlemen engaged in the whale fishery, j; will remaik, that if I am corrcctly informed,^
^liat their ^cargoes will not bear the expense of ,j several railroads in France have been built out of
transhipment; that it will be found cheaper for American timber that was obtained in the valley
them to follow the old track around the Cape. .! of the Mississippi. I had a conversation with a
Not only is this so, but while they ate at sea they jj gentleman last summer, m which information of
are always looking out for the object of their voy- :! this fact was communicated to me. If, then, these
ao-e. I remember to have perused, some years ago, railroads are constructed, as I believe, from Ameri-
an extract from the journal of Commodore Biddle. j can timber, so far as relates to the timber for the
Be was returning from a cruise in the Pacific, and, Tj road across the isthmus, it may be obtained from
after having passed the Capes of Delaware, he p the same quarter. Any objection, then, on the
met a "whaler" from Nantucket, outward bound,
on a three years' voyage. The man at the mast-
head of the "whaler" hailed the Commodore to
know if he had seen any Jtsh ? From the time of
their leaving port until they return to it, they keep
constantly looking out for their prey; and I am
told that it is especially the case on tiie coast of
Brazil, where they meet with the species of .the
whale'called the black whale, and after turning the
Cape they look out for sperm -whales. So that,
besides the expense of transhipment, there is the
other consideration, that during all the while they
are at sea they are continually in pursuit of the
object of their enterprise.
'We may reasonably conclude, then, that this
railroad will not be used for the transit of the
cargoes of whale ships. Experienced merchants
do not credit the suggestion that the China trade
will ever use the projected railroad. So that, on
the whole, it is by no means clear that it is pru-
dent to undertake the making of this road, as a
mere object of cupidity. But is theie not a higher
object, in which the interests of this country is
deeply concerned, tor which- the work should be
undei taken and completed ? .Senators may answer
this question on general grounds. For my own
part, I have no hesitation, from tne consideration
of what has already been done, and what may be
done, i think it a great object to connect the two
oceans, and I think myself the price to be paid is
little enough. I think it is by nomeans too high,
and my fears will be whether, alter all,^ they will
be able to make the road without still further en- I
couragement; but, considering the character of the ;
score of excessive expense of procuring timber
must fall. In reference to the work itself, it is
one to be done for the benefit of those having^
business on the western coasts. I am in favor of
aiding them as far as practicable, but Um not
willing to pay a large sum, as 1 conceive, for the
benefit of particular individuals. Indeed, if I were
to engage in a work of this kind, I would much
rather take stock in the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road, and have the work extended by the Govern-
ment. • I would much sooner do this than that the
Government should engage in this work lor the
benefit of those who have commercial views.
However, I do not object on that ground alone.
My objections rest upon other grounds.
The subject was then passed by, and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration ot Executive busi-
ness.
After which the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 6, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FEATHERSTON rose and asked leave at
this time to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice had been given.
Mr. FULTON called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, inquired of the gentle-
man from Virginia [i\lr. Fulton] whether he
would not waive his motion for a moment, to
allow him (Mr. C.) to withdraw from the files of
the House certain papers which were required for
the use of the Senate upon a bill pending before
that body.
Mr. FULTON having assented—
On motion of Mr. COBB, it was
OrdereJ, That lea\£ be granted to withdraw from the files
of this House the petition and papers of H. W. Jernagan &
Co.
DISTRICT COURTS OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, rose, he said, to a
privileged question. He desired this morning ^to
! call up the motion, which he hajJ made on a former
| day, to reconsider the vote by which the bill to
; regulate the district courts of the western district of
! the State of Virginia had beenlaidon thetableafew
1 days ago. He hoped that it would be the pleasure
' of the House to reconsider the vote at once, and to
I refer the bill back again to the committee.
j The SPEAKER stated the question. The mo-
! tion, he said, was not debatable. The question
i was on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
i the bill had been laid on the table,
i Mr. WENTWORTH moved to lay the motion
[ to reconsider on the table, in order, he said, that
| the House might proceed to the consideration of
j other business. It was too late in the session to
i be raising salaries.
1 Mr. BROWN inquired of the Chair whether
the motion to reconsider was debatable?
The SPEAKER sard it was not.
Mr. BROWN said he had not yet yielded the
floor; and before doing so, he desired to say to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr, Wentworth,] that
his (Mr. B.'s) object was merely that the bill might
be referred back'to the committee, with a view to
the regulation of the courts.
Mr- WENTWORTH. Let it go over to the
next session of Congress.
Mr. BURT rose, he said, to a question of order.
He desired to inquire of the Chair, whether the
consideration of a motion to reconsider was a privi-
leged question? It was a motion of privilege to *
make the mouon, but he submitted that the mo-
tion having been made, the consideration of the
motion would come up when the bill itself should
come up m the regular course of the business
amongst which it had taken its place.
The SPEAKER. The rules ot the House ex-
pressly state that the motion to reconsider is a
privileged motion; and any gentleman may call up
a motion to reconsider after it has once been made.
And such a motion took precedence of all other
subjects, except a mouon to adjourn.
A brief conversation followed between Mr.
BURT and the SPEAKER.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be
on the motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. BROWN said he did not understand that
he had yet yielded the floor.
The "SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable. *
Mr. BROWN said he was aware of it. But he
did not know how the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wentwortij] could get the floor to make
that motion, whilst he (Mr. B.) occupied it. He
had never yielded the floor, except for the ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. Upon what grounds does the
gentleman occupy the floor on his own motion,
[ when the motion itself is not debatable? The mo-
i tion to reconsider is not debatable, the motion to
; lay on the table not being itself debatable.
I Mr. BROWN hoped that the gentleman from
1 Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] would consent to with-
| draw his motion to lay on the table.
I Mr. WENTWORTH. We had a test vote on it
1 the other day, and were beaten.
[Cries to order.]
Mr. BROWN appealed to the gentleman from
Illinois to allow the vote to be taken on the simple
proposition to recons<der; and the bill could then
be referred immediately, so that little or no time
j would be occupied. • *
i The question on the motion of Mr. Went-
i worth to lay on the table the motion to recon-
! sider, was then taken and the vote stood—ayes 55,
i! noes 59, (no quorum voting.)
:| Tellers were appointed, (Messrs. Kaufman and
i' Fulton,) and the question having been again taken,
j; the vote stood—ayes 52, noes 71.
m So the House decided that the motion to recon-
|j sider should not be laid on the table.
[j The question then recurred or^he motion of Mr.
