464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 6.
Brown to reconsider the voce by which the bill had
been laid on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
After a brief conversation, thequestion was taken,
and decided in the affirmative—/eas 101, nays 70.
So the vote by-which the bill had been laid on
the table was reconsidered.
The question recurring on the motion to lay on
the table, was taken and rejected.
The question then recurred on the motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
with the following instructions, moved by Mr.
Vinton when the bill was previously under con-
sideration, viz:
To inquire into the expediencyof providing that where
the s-alnry now allowed by law to any district judge of the
United 8mto3 if less than two thousand dollars, the same
shall be raised to the sum of two thousand from and after
the 1st day of January, 1849.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved the following
amendment to the instructions:
And that the committee be also instructed to inquire into
the expediency or equalizing the salaries of the marshals
and district attorneys of the United States.
After some conversation—
Mr. VINTON accepted the amendment of Mr.
COBB, and modified his instructions accordingly.
Mr. H1LL1ARD called for a division of the
8 question, so as to vote first upon the original prop-
osition of Mr. Vinton.
The SPEAKER said the question would be
divided accordingly.
Mr. POLLOCK addressed the Chair and claimed
the floor.
The SPEAKER stated that he had some doubt
whether the proposition of instructions relative to
the salaries of district judges, attorneys, and mar-
shals was m order.
Mr. TOOMBS raised the point of order. He
said the Chair had already ruled that it was in-
competentto amend this bill by incorporating such
a provision; which seemed to involve the question
of the same instructions to the committee.
He also objected to the instructions of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton,] on the ground
that they were out of order. Upon the reference
of this particular matter with instructions, those
instructions, it seemed to him, ought to be of a
character which would be subject-matter of amend-
ment to the bill.
The SPEAKER decided that it was now too
late to raise the point of order as to the original
instructions, as they had been received without
objection when the bill was before under consid-
eration,and they had become a part of the Journal
of the House. The original instructions, the Chair
further stated, though not relating strictly to the
particular piovisions of the bill, were pertinent to
its general subject.
The question now raised was upon the point of
order relative to the amendment to the instructions.
The Chair ruled that amendment out of order, on
the ground of irrelevancy, and stated the reasons
therefor.
Mr. COBB appealed from the decision, and
briefly argued the point, contending that his
amendment was equally in order with the original
instructions.
After some conversation and explanations—
Mr. ASHMUN said this question of order was
likely to lead to a debate, which he had anticipated
when it was made. He therefore proposed to lay
the appeal on thje table. He hoped the House
would not hear any further debate either on the
appeal or upon the merits of the question, and that
the bill would be laid on the table.
The question was taken, and the appeal was laid
on the table.
The question recurring on the motion to commit,
with the original instructions of Mr. Vinton—
Mr. POLLOCK said he was opposed to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vin-
ton] to raise the salaries of district judges whose
salaiies were now less than two thousand dollars, j
He was now, and always had been, in favor of a j
just and faircompensation beinggiven to the judges ;
of our courts. In this particular case, if it were ■
manifest that a higher salary was required, he j
would vote fon it. But upon a bill of this charac- j
ter he was opposed to making a general important
alteration in the judicial system by so extensive
an increase of salaries. They were continually
equalizing the salaries of judges and other officers;
but it was a singq^ar fact, that in this age of reform
every'reform was upward and did not reduce the
expenses of the Government. Here was a propo-
sition to equalize by elevating all salaries now less
than two thousand dollars; those that were higher
were to remain as they were. Now, there were
many district judges of the United States who had
nothing to do. Somtf"of them received but one
thousand dollars; they did not ask an increase of
salary, though with great cheerfulness they .would
undoubtedly receive the §2,000.
He hoped that the instructions would be voted
down, and that the bill would be recommitted
without instructions, so that this particular subject
might be examined; and if it was made to appear
that the salary of the judge of the western district
of Virginia should be raised, let a bill be brought
in, and he would vote for it. {f the committee saw
fit to report a general bill for the regulation of the
salaries of judges, marshals, district attorneys, and
clerks, let them bring it forward, and let it be con-
sideied independently of this bill.
Pending this question— 9
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to resume the consideration of -jhe
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL rose (he said) to a
privileged question, and reported from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be autho-
rized, it they deem it expedient, to employ a clerk in the
investigation which they are authonz<d to make concerning
a complaint ag.uust the judge of the western distrietot New
Yoik.
PATENT MEDICINES.
Mr. EDWARDS, by leave, from the select com-
mittee on the subject of adulterated medicines and
drugs, reported a bill to prevent the patenting of
medicines, accompanied by a report in writing;
which bill was read twice.
The bill (said Mr. E.) contained but one section.
It would not take the House live minutes to act
upon it. He asked that it be read.
The bill was read, as follows:
A BILL to prevent the patenting of medicines.
Re it enacted by the Senate and House oj Representatives
of the United states oJ\dmerica in Congress assembled, That,
trora and alter the passage ot this act, letters paient teiiall not
be granted loi any article or prepaialion whatever as a medi-
cine; and that tlie Use, as a nu dicme, of any article or prep-
aration, tor which letters patent may hereafter be granted,
shall not be held to be an inlriugementof such patent: Pro-
vided, That no patent granted prior to the p.i&sugt, of tins act
shall, by reason thereoi, be held to be void; and this act shall
not be so construed as to depuve an inventor or discoveier
ot the right to letters patent lor a new and impioved process
for preparing or manufacturing any medicinal articje, wheth-
er sample or compound : Jlnd provided, (iko, Tnat the pro
hibiuon contained in this act shall not apply to machines,
inetiuments, oi appaiatus pertaining eitiier to surgery or
medicine.
He said Congress had, at the last session, passed
a bill to prevent the importation of adulterated
drugs and medicines. That act had worked well.
Tins was another step in continuation of the same
systeftt for the protection of the public health. He
moved that the bill be put upon its passage.
At tlig suggestion of Mr. NICOLL, However,
who stated that he desired an oppoitunity to look
into the bill before it was passed, by general con-
sent the bill passed to the Speaker's table, and
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. VINTON renewed his motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BROWN, of Virginia, rose, he said, to a
privileged question, and inquired if the bill relative
to the salary of the district judge of the western
district of Virginia was not before the House as a
privileged question ?
The SPEAKER stated that the motion to recon-
sider having been disposed of, it ceascd to be a
privileged question.
A message was received from the Senate, stating
that the Senate had passed sundry bills, and also
the following resolution:
Resolv.ed, That the two Houses will assemble in the Cham-
ber of the House ot Representatives on Wednesday the 14th
instant, at 1:2 o'clock, and the Preside nt oi the Senate shall
be the presiding officer; that one person be appointed a
teller on the part of the Senate, and two on the part of the j
House ot Representatives, to in.ike a list of the votes as they |
shall be declared; that the te&nlt shall be delivered to the !
President of the Senate, who shall announce the &tate of I
tlie vote, and the persons elected, to the two Houses assem- '
bled as aloresaid ; which shall be deemed a declaration of !
the persons elected President and Vice President of the
United States, and, together with a list of votes, be entered
on the Journals of the iwo Houses.
Ordered, That Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, be tlie teller on
the part of the Senate.
The CHAIR announced the question on the
motion of Mr. Vinton.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, inquired, in case
the House refused to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, whether it would
be in order to move to proceed to the business on
the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER stated that it would be in ten
minutes.
Mr. GRINNELL inquired if the call of the com-
mittees for reports would not be first in order?
JThe SPEAKER stated that he was mistaken in
his reply to Mr. Thompson, and that it would not
be in order to proceed to business on tlie Speaker's
table, until one hour had been devoted to the re-
ception of reports.
The question having been taken on the motion
of Mr. Vinton, and agreed to—
NAVAL APPROPRIATIONS.
The House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. J. R.
Ingersoll, of Pennsylvania, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year endin*
the 30th June, 1850.
When the bill was last under consideration, the
following amendment, offered by'Mr. Stanton,
was pending:
Prowled, That the first section of "An act making appro-'
priations for the naval service for the year eighteen hundred
and forty-two," approved on tlie 4thg(ay of Augu-t, 1842, so
far as it restrains promotions m the naval service, be, and the
same ih hereby, repealed.
Mr. McLANE now moved to amend theamend-
ment, as follows:
ProvvJcd, That the whole number of lieutenants shall not
exceed four hundred.
Mr. VINTON asked the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. McLane] to waive his amendment for a
few moments, to allow him (Mr. V.) to offer an
amendment which the Committee of Ways and
Means had instructed him to present as an addi-
tional section, to come in at the end of the bill.
Mr. McLANE waived his amendment.
METEOROLOGICAL OBSERVATIONS.
Mr. VINTON then offered the follovvingamend-
ment:
For meteorological observations, to be conducted under
the direction ol the Secretary of the Navy, $2,000.
Mr. VINTON, in explanation, said he would
merely state that this appropriation had been rec-
ommended by a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy. It was the same appropriation which was
contained in the bill of last year.
The question on the amendment was taken, but.
the Chair not being able to decide, tellers (Messrs.
Pollock and Nicoli.) were appointed.
Mr. VINTON desired that the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Navy might be read.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken, and by ayes 86,
noes not heard, the amendment was agreed to.
"WINDS AND CURRENTS.
Mr. VINTON, under instructions, he said, from
the Committee of Ways and Means, moved the
following amendment, to come in a3 an additional
section at the end of the bill:
Sec. — jlnd be it further enacted, That tlie Secretary of the
Navy be directed to detail three suitable vessels of the navy
in testing new routes and perfecting the discoveries made by
Lieutenant Maury ui the course of his investigations of the
winds and currents of the ocean, and to cause the vessels of
the navy to coopeiate in procuring materials for such inves-
tigations, in so far as said cooperation may not be incom-
patible with the public interest. Provided, That the same
can be accomplished without any additional expense.
Mr. VINTON said he w,ould simply state that
Lieutenant Maury had been before the Committee
of Ways and Means, and had exhibited to them
the various charts and maps already made. He
(Mr. V.) also held in his hand a letter fully ex-
plaining the scope and ultimata^purpose intended
to be effected by these investigations. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was satisfied, therefore,
that they should be prosecuted. The amendment,
it would be^seen, w^s subject to the condition, that
it should occasion no increased expenditure.
Mr. FICKLIN asked that the amendment might
be again read. He did not, he said, understand
those innovations by which no additional expend-
itures were created.
The amendment having been again read, the
question was taken, and the amendment was
agreed to.
