1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL d.L'0'BE.
i &r
which they had been transferred. He hoped the
amendment would be agreed to.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment wa3 agreed to.
vPRIZE AGENTS.
Mr. KING-, of Georgia, under instructions, he
said, from the Committee on NavalJUFairs, offered
the following- amendment:
•And be it farther enacted, That from and after the passage
of this a^t, all priztMnoney arising from captures made by
the vessel-* oftiie navy of the United States, received by the
martial, who shall make sale of such prizes, shall, within
sixty d/ty^ after such sale, deposit the net proceed:?, after
paying ail charges as now provided by law, into rhe treas-
ury of the United States; and all money now in the hands
of the prize agents shall also be deposited in the treas-
ury, to be distributed as now provided by law; such part
theieof as may belong to the officers and crews of the vessels
of the navy shall be paid to ihem under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy; and the law authorizing the appoint-
ment of prize agents is hereby repealed.
Mr. K., in explanation, said, that this provision
simply abolished the prize, agents of the United
States, and required their duties to be performed
by the Secretary of the Treasury. The amend-"
ment was in accordance with a recommendation
of the department, and he hoped there would be
no objection to its adoption.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
NAVAL SCHOOL AT ANNAPOLIS.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, under instructions, he
said, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, offered
an amendment, as an additional section to the bill,
providing that the pay of midshipmen of the
ISTaval School at Annapolis shall be equal to the
pay allowed the cadets at West Point.
Mr. STANTON rose to a point of order. He
submitted whether this was not an alteration or
repeal of a law?
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. KING. It proposes to reduce the expenses
of the navy.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman, if he
pleases, can take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
No appeal was taken.
DOCKS.
Mr. BAYLY, under instructions, he said,^from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, offered the fol-
lowing amendment:
Be it 'enacted. That for enabling the Secretary of the Navy
to purchase, if. after full investigation, he shall think such
purchase necessary and pioper, the u«e of Francis Grace's
"bilge and kef] supporter^" for the Government, a •stun not
exceeding twentv thousand dollars, be and the f-aine is here-
by appropriated out ol any moriey'm the treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. B., in explanation, said that this scheme
had been examined by the engineers of the navy,
and had been recommended in the very highest
terms. In fact, it was recommended as indispens-
able. But what might perhaps be more satisfac-
tory to the House than these recommendations,
was the fact that individual proprietors of docks in
3Vew York had purchased it for the use of their
own docks. He would read what Messrs. Gilbert
and Secor said on this subject.
Mr. B. read an extract fromftheir communica-
tion.
Mr. B. then continued. This scheme of docking
ships was not only sanctioned in unqualified terms
by the engineers who had examined it on the part
of the Government, but there was the most con-
elusive evidence of its value in the fact that private
owners of docks had purchased it for their own
use, and testified to it as being a most valuable and
indispensable invention. •
Mr. BOWLIN moved to amend the amendment,
by reducing the sum from $20,000 to $10,000.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose to a question of
order. He submitted that, under the decision
heretofore made1 by the Chair, this amendment
Was not in order. *
The CHAIRMAN instructed the Clerk to read
.the amendment; which having been done—
The CHAIRMAN said he thought the amend-
ment was in order.
Mr. BOWLIN proceeded with his remarks.
This individual, he said, was Chief Naval Con- j
structor in the service of the United States, at a J
high salary—somewheie about four thousand dol- !
lars a year, he believed. As such, the Govern-
ment not oVily bought his manual or physical
labor, but his mental labor also. His physical
labor might not be worth more than fifty cents a
day. These improvements, however they mio-ht
have originated—and he (Mr. B.)Jcnew nothing
about them  •
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland,- interposed to a
question of order—another and a different one, he
said, from that which had been decided. He sub-
mitted that the amendment was not in order under
the 81st rule, which he read ss follows:
" No expenditure shall be reported in such general appro-
priation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto, for
any expenditure not previously authonzed by law.-'
Some conversation followed,in which Messrs,
HOLMES and COBB participated; when the
CHAIRMAN ruled that the amendment was in
order under another branch of the same rule,
which is as follows:
{< TJniess in continuation of appropriations for^uch public
works and objects as aie already in progress, and for the
contingencies for carrying ori the several departments of the
Government."
Mr. EVANS appealed from the decision.
The question "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and decided in the affirmative, without a
division.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
Mr. BOWLIN proceeded v/ith his remarks.
His opposition (he said) Jay against the principle
involved in the amendment, because the person
who came here to sell his right to the Government
was already in its service, at a high salary, selling
his skill to that very Government. He "protested
against the idea of officers of the Government, at
the head of its naval service, bringing here his in-
ventions to sell. If one of these officers knew any
better method of laying up a ship than that already
in existence, he was bound to use it for the benefit
I of that Government which paid him, and not to
j come here to sell it; and although he might patent
; it against all the world beside, he could not patent
i it against his employer. He could not take the
■ time and the money of his employer, and thep ask
! him to pay for the use of his improvements. It
'■ was not only wrong in principle, but, according to
! his judgment, it was wrong in law. The Govern-
j ment paid this officer well for all his faculties, and
( had a right to their best exercise. He (Mr. B.)
i hoped the amendment would not be adopted.
And Mr. B. withdrew his own amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Bayly was rejected.
Mr. KING, of Georgia, moved the following,
as an additional section:
Jlnd be it fwither enacted, That for increase of pay of the
! engineers m the naval service, the sum ot s-vi-n thousand
: four hundied dollars be, and the same is herein, appro-
, priated out of anj money m the treasury not otherwise ap-
propnated.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired if there was any law
providing-for the increase of the pay of engineers ?
If there was not, the amendment was cleaily out
of order. He made that a point of order.
Mr. ATKINSON inquired of the gentleman
from Georgia, what was the present compensation
of engineers, as provided for oy law r
The CHAIRMAN overruled the objection, and
decided the amendment in order.
Mr. ATKINSON appealed from the decision.
The question " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committecr'' was
taken, and decided in the affirmative—ayes 7*2,
noes 50.
So the amendment was decided to be in order;
and the question being on its adoption—
Mr. KING stated that.thc amendment was in
accordance with the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Navy; ana he had before him va-
rious certificates going to show that unless the pay
of the engineers was increased, a gre.U many of j;
them would leave the public service, as they could i
command larger -salaries upon other vessels than >'
they now received. It was a measure of safety to
the Government to enable them to retain compe-
tent engineers m the naval service.
He would state that the proposed increase for the
whole engineer corps would be a little over §7,000;
that the original increase in the compensation of
any one engineer was $300, and in some it was
not more than §150.
If the present engineers should leave the service |
in conscqucrice of this failure to increase their sal- i
ary, the Secretary of the Navy would be left with- i
out engineers, or he would be compelled to employ i
those of inferior qualifications. I
The amendment of Mr. King was rejected. I
Mr. BKQWN, of Pennsylvania, moved the fol-
lowing amendment: • ' • t "
That the marines who were employed in army service m
California, or who weraengaged in any of the battles with
the enemy on the Gulf, during the late war with Mexico, shall
be entitled to land bountythesame as those who served with
the army in that country, and who were provided for at the
last session of Congress; such land to be m lieu of all prize
money. •
Mr. FICKLIN raised the point that the amend-
ment was nx>t in order.
The CHAIR ruled it out of order.
Mr. BROWN appealed from the decision.
The question having been taken, the decision of
the Chair was sustained, and the amendment deci-
ded out of order.
Mr. McLANE moved an amendment, to add a
section to the bill, as follows^
Be it further enxrted, That for the pay of such officers in
the navy who shall, by the necessities ot service, he detailed,
under the direction of the President of the United States,
for dutj^in a grade higher than that in which they are com-
missioned, the sum of forty thousand dollars be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money m the treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, provided the whole number
of officers so detailed shall not exceed two hundred.
He stated, in explanation, that the object of the
amendment was to reach, under the rules of this
committee, the recommendation of the Govern-
ment imbodied in the amendment which had been
reported by the gentleman from Tennessee, under
the direction of the Naval Committee. Since the
passage of the act of 1842, the proviso of which
limited the power of the President to make promo-
tions from one grade to another in the navy, the
number of frigates, sloops, and ships of war, had
been increased almost one-third, and there were
now actually in the service two or three officers
upon every ship acting in grades higher than those
for which they held their commissions. Now, if
this question could come before the committee iti
order, under the rules, no gentleman disposed to
give a cordial and efficient support to this navy-
could make a rational objection to it.
Mr. FICKLIN raised a point of order against
the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN overruled the objection, and
decided the amendment in order.
Mr. McLANE further stated, in explanation,
that there was an absolute necessity for this ap-
: propriation, to pay officers who were doing service
the compensation which was attached by law to
that grade of service.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, moved to
amend the amendment, by reducing the sum from
§40,000 to $20,000.
He said the committee had no information
that there was now a want of officers in the ser-
vice. We had established many institutions by
which many valuable officers had been withdrawn
from the navy proper. Lieutenants, for instance,
had been detained for years in this District, and
j had not gone to sea at all. He apprehended that
there was no want of officers in the navy.
But if officers had been required to perform
higher duties than the duties of the grade for
which they held their commissions, it was because
there were officers of that grade at home not per-
forming their duty, or doing services that could be
performed by officers of inferior grade. Before
they attempted to change the rule v/hich had been
adopted some years ago, after long and anxious
inquiry, he thought they should thoroughly exam-
ine into the whole matter, and ascertain whether
there were not officers enough in the various
grades, and whether there was a necessity for as-
signing to those of one grade the duties of a supe-
rior grade. Where this was done, he repeated, he
would \enture the assertion that it was because
the ofiiceifc of the inferior grade had urged upon
the department to allow them to perform these
duties, while the officers to whom the duties prop-
erly belonged, and by whom they would he as"
well discharged, were at home not employed, or
were engaged with duties which might be dis-
charged by inferior officers.
He withdrew the amendment.
Mr. BOWLIN raised the point that the law
prohibited the allowing of extra pay to officeis of
the navy, and therefore that the amendment was
out of order.
Some conversation followed upon the point of
order, which was participated in by Messrs.
BROWN of Pennsylvania, McLANE, STAN-
TON, TOOMBS, SCHENCK, and other gen-
tlemen.
