1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
remarks upon tlie motion to be confined within
very narrow limits. I
Mr. SCHENCK was aware that the rules did i
restrain him, and would restrain the House geft- |
erally; and upon both accounts he expressed his I
regrets, for he would be glad of more latitude of |
debate than could now be allowed to him. But after ,
the extraordinary difficulties under which he had
labored with regard to the amendment which he
had proposed to the bdl, at a former stage of its
progress, when it was in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, it was in justice to him-
self that he made the motion which he now submit-
ted. [Several voices : " Adjourn," " adjourn."]
Just <as gentlemen pleased. It would not require a
great deal of time for all he had to say, and one
time would answer for that as well as another. He
was content to proceed or not, any way that might
b^rccable.
« JThe. cries of " Go on," " go on," prevailing at
this point, Mr. S. proceeded:]
This bill (he said) was called a bill making ap-
propriations for the naval service. Now,he thought
the bill did not provide sufficiently for the naval
service; and he desired attention to a few remarks
going to show particularly the reasons why he
considered the title to be erroneous, and deserving
to be corrected, so as to correspond with the par-
tial character of the bill. The title, as he thought,
should run thus: A bill making partial appropria-
tions for the naval service. The bill did not pro-
vide the number of lieutenants which were neces-
sary to the service; and because of its partial and
insufficient provisions, he contended that a title
ought to be adopted to suit the facts disclosed ij,
the body of the bill. He had desired to have
some provision made for a certain class of the of-
ficers of the navy, and to increase the number and
efficiency of the naval commanders generally. In
order to be understood with reference to this pur-
pose of his, it would be necessary to correct some
misunderstandings which seemed to have existed
in the minds of gentlemen who had addressed the
committee upon the subject—misunderstandings
which he supposed to have arisen from want of
proper attention to the subjects embraced in the
bill. For instance, he found the gentleman from
New York, in speaking of the salaries of certain
officers of the navy 
Mr. TOOMBS rose to order. The gentleman
was answering a speech—correcting a misappre-
hension of the gentleman from New York—and he
submitted whether that portion of his remarks
could have any relation to the title of the bill?
The SPEAKER was understood to say, that
the Chair was about to remark to the gentleman
from Ohio, that the rules confined him to such
very narrow limits as to preclude such matter as
would be presented in a general speech.
Mr. SCHENCK, (addressing the Chair.) Would
it not be in order to refer to the partial character of
the bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman might allude
to the defects of the bill, stating briefly such as
might prevent its being denominated a general bill
for the support of the navy.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not wish either unne-
cessarily or improperly to.detain the House; but
I do wish to say something about this naval bill,
with reference to certain points which I have not
had the opportunity to present; and I desire this
the more particularly, because of certain misunder-
standings of gentlemen which have now gone out
before the country. Has there been any motion
made to reconsider the passage of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STRONG was understood to inquire of the
Chair, why it- was that the gentleman from Ohio
was out of order?
The SPEAKER replied, that the rules limited
the range of debate.
Mr. STRONG. Being out of order, then, the
gentleman cannot proceed without leave?
The SPEAKER. Not if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania objects.
Mr. STRONG. Then I-object.
Mr. H1LLIARD moved that thegentleman from
Ohio have leave to proceed.
And the count being demanded upon this ques-
tion, the Speaker announced the vote—ayes 52,
noes 32: no quorum.
Mf. PENDLETON moved that the House ad-
journ; which was agreed to.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 7,1849.
Mr. FOOTE presented the credentials of Isaac
P. Walker, elected a Senator of the United States
from the State of Wisconsin, for the term of six
years from the 4th March, 1849; which were read,
; and laid on the table.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition from the
President and Directors of the Tredegar Company,
of Richmond, Virginia, asking compensation for
cannon made for the Navy Department, and ex-
pressing a belief that the guns rejected by th'e ex-
aminer Were as good as had been previously received
from the Tredegar Company, &c.; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented.a petition from
Alexander R. McKee, for himself and John Rice,
asking Congress to refund certain moneys paid by
the petitioners for lands purchased of S. Swart-
wout, late collector of the port of New York, and
sold by order of Mr. Gillet, Solicitor of the Treas-
ury; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition from John
Spencer, late receiver of public moneys at Fort
Wayne, asking compensation for injuries result-
ing from an improper iiuit brought against him by
the United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
James Crandal Lane, civil engineer, asking that
the practice of detailing officers of the corps of To-
pographicalEngineers forthe performanceof duties
not connected with military science be discontin-
ued; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Mr. DOWNS presented documents relating to
the claim of John Millikin and others; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES presented joint resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Iowa, in favor of a
grant of lands for the benefit of the Fairfield Uni-
versity; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, jointTresolutions from the Legislature of
the igtate of Iowa, in favor of an appropriation for
the improvement of the Magnoketa river in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. MANGUM presented a memorial from A.
Rencher, lata charge d'affaires to Portugal, ask-
; ing compensation for loss and detention abroad,
I in consequence of the failure of the Government
to relieve him at the time he solicited his recall;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
reports of committees.
Mr. DOWNS, .from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill t# amend an act entitled
" An act to regulate the mode of practice in the
courts of the United States for the district of Loui-
siana," approved May 20, 1824; which was read,
and ordered to a spcond reading.
Mr. MASON, from the Joint Committee on the
Library, reported a joint resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase certain
copies of a work on the Treasury Department,
compiled by Robert Mayo; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DIX, fiom the Committee on Commerce,
reported the bill from the House making appropri-
ations for the preservation and repair of the public
works upon certain harbors and rivers, and for the
survey of certain harbors, with amendments.
Mr. D. also presented and read a written report
on the subject of the amendments.
The amendments and report were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, made adverse reports on the
petitions of Samuel D. Davis, Mary Hassell, and
Charity Chatfieid; which were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
the following House bills without amendment:
An act for the relief of Isaac Downs;
An act for the relief of Francis Tribou;
An act for the relief of Robert Whittet;
An act for the relief of Polly Aldrich; and
An act to increase the pension of Henry Click,
of Cocke county, Tennessee.
pension laws.
- Mr. JOHNSON,*of Louisiana, from the same
committee, to which was referred the resolution in
relation to the printingofthe pension laws, reported
the following resolution, which lies over for con-
sideration:
! Resolved, That such of the acts of Congress relative to
} pensions and the Executive regulations touching the subject /
as have been deemed necessary by the Committee on Pen- ?
| sions to be published, as well as the law-; relating to bounty .
i land, containing about ninety-tour pages, be printed under |
, the direction of the Commissioner of Pensions, and that
| five thousand additional copies be primed for the use of the
i Senate, and one thousand for the use of the Commissioner
| of Pensions. .
; Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on Pen-
| sions, reported a bill for the relief of William Mil-
| ler; which was read and ordered to a second read-
|
I Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
! dian Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of E. B.
Cogswell; which was considered and passed.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Committee
on the Judiciary was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of citizens of-Phila-
delphia in relation to the n^ileage of members; and,
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the petition was
laid on the table.
public works.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill from the House ma-
king appropriations for the preservation and repairs
of the public works upon certain harbors and rivers,
and for the survey of certain harbors, reported back
the same with sundry amendments, accompanied
by a report, which he read for the information of
the Senate.
Bills bearing the following titles were reported
by Mr. Dix. They were read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading:,
A bill making appropriation to open a commu-
nication between Albemarle Sound and the Atlantic
Ocean, and the improvement of a harbor at or near
j old Roanoke Inlet, in the State of North Carolina.
| A bill making an appropriation of money to
r improve the St. Clair Flats, in the State of Mich-
1 A bill making appropriation for the lmprove-
! ment of a harbor at the mouth of Grand river, in
' the State of Michigan.
A bill for the improvement of the harbor at the
j mouth of the Kalamazoo river, in the State of-
! Michigan.
! A bill making an appropriation of money for
\ the improvement of the harbor at Newark, in the
State of New Jersey.
i A bill making an appropriation of money for
! the removal of obstructions in Great Egg Harbor
river, in the State of New Jersey.
A bill making an appropriation of money"for
the improvement of the harbor at Brock Island, in
the State of Rhode Island.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
the improvement of the harbor of Providence, in
the State of Rhode Island.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
the improvement of the harbor at Havre de Grace,
in the State of Maryland.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
theimprovementof Hog Island channel, at Charles-
ton, in the State of South Carolina.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
! surveying and examining ports and harbors in the
1 State of Texas.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
i the improvement of Little Sod us bay, in Lake On-
tario.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
the improvement of the harbor at Eighteen Mile
i creek, on Lake Ontario.
.A bill making an appropriation of money for
] the improvement of the navigation of James river,
in the State of Virginia. ,
A bill making an appropriation of money for
a survey and examination of the Allegany river.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
a survey and examination of the Sabine river.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
a survey and examination of the harbor at the
mouth of Black river, on Lake Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
a survey and examination of the harbor at New
Buffalo, on Lake Michigan.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
a survey and examination of the Little Egg Har-
bor, in the State of New Jersey.
A bill making an appropriation of money for
