1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
477
in the hands of the expiring Administration the
power of selecting a man who would be obnoxious
to a large majority of the people of that Slate?
He intended no injustice to the present Presi-
dent. If he knew his own heart, he would not
advocate any measure upon mere party grounds
for the purpose of giving patronage to the incom-
ing Administration, when the measure itself was
wrong. He did not desire to embarrass the out-
going Administration, by crippling its power, by
depriving it of appointments for which a present
necessity existed. He was disposed to deal fairly,
candidly, kindly with it, in the few remaining days
of its official existence. But he could not consent
■ to give to the present Executive the power of those
appointments which were not necessary until the
new Administration came into pewer, and whose
functions would not commence until after that
time. If there was one day between this and the
4th of March when the services of this judge
would be required by the public good, he would
give the appointment to the present President.
The case was this: it was proposed to create a
new office; that office was to commence in future;
every man admitted that the judge could not com-
mence his official duties until after this Adminis-
tration went out of power. Now, he appealed to
gentlemen as men, as having the feelings of pro-
priety which men and gentlemen should have, he
asked them, was it right that this Administration
should insist upon forcing the appointment of a
man obnoxious to the people of Louisiana, and to
a large majority of the American people? He did
not argue this question on mere party grounds,
but upon the higher and more elevated ground of
principle. It was right, it was just, that, in crea-
ting an office for which there was not an immediate
necessity, they should-conform to the will of the
country, and give to the Administration whom the
country Uad just elected, the|power to fill that
office.
Mr. STANTON said it must be plain to the
House that the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was not one of very great
importance, and was rather matter of taste than
principle. He did not exactly agree with the gen-
tleman who had just taken his seat, that this officer
would not enter upon the exercise of his judicial
functions until after the expiration of this Con-
gress. On the contrary, he thought there were some
functions which he might perform, and which he
probably would be called t'o perform, if appointed
previous to that tUne.
If this was the only case of the postponement of
appointments, it would be a matter of compara-
tively little consequence. But in all the bills which
had been reported from the other side of the House
—in the bills for the Territorial Government of
California, New Mexico, and other bills, the same
provision was made; and even to the bill for the
creation of a board to examine private claims, an
amendment had been moved to postpone the ap-
pointment of the commissioners until the new
President was inaugurated. Now what did this
indicate? It indicated that these gentleman were
determined to sweep up every crumb of patronage
which fell from th^able of this Congress, for the
purposes of the incoming Administration.
He had said that this was,a matter of taste rather
than a matter of substance; and it would be a mat-
ter of taste in the President of the United States,
if, in the last hours of his administration, the
opportunity should occur to him to appoint a ju-
dicial or other officer, whether he would exercise
that power or leave it to the incoming Executive.
' Now, he objected to this clause, which gentlemen
proposed to insert in this bill, because it did not
impute to the present Presidentof theUnited States
, that courtesy, that propriety of action, which was
to be expected from a man of any liberality of
spirit in that station; and he thought—without
knowing anything of the disposition of the Presi-
. dent in this matter—that they might rely upon his
courtesy and his liberality of conduct with at least
as much certainty of not being disappointed as
they might upon those qualities of gentlemen in
this House. .
There was something very remarkable m the
present condition of the country. Ever since the
election of General Taylor, and during the last ses-
sion of Congress, there seemed to have been a perfect
interregnum in the exercise of the whole legitimate
powers of the Government—a suspension of every-
thing necessary for th« affluent conduct of the
affairs of Government. This Congress, or at least
the majority of this House, seemed disposed to
postpone action upon all measures. If this was
to be a precedent for future action, he thought the
French system might better be adopted, of having
the President, inaugurated as soon as his election
was ascertained, so that the functions of the Gov-
ernment might go on. '
Now, if the appointment of this judge was to
be deferred for a time, however short, m order to
give the patronage to the incoming Executive, it
was a precedent which would enable another Con-
gress to suspend their action for any length of
time, in Order to secure the same patronage. So
that the effect would be, when the Administration
had been changed, or might be expected to be
changed, all the measures of Congress would be
shaped in anticipation of that change. No doubt,
during the last session of Congress, gentlemen on
the other side had anticipated this change, and had
shaped their action as they had at the present ses-
sion, to'secure to themselves all the patronage and
all the spoils about which they talked so much as
being enjoyed by their opponents.
Now, he objected not so much to this particular
instance as to the principle, which would be dis-
astrous, ruinous, if carried out to its legitimate
results—a principle whiph was to be condemned
as injurious in every sense and in every part of
its operation. They ought to legislate with ref-
erence to the wants of the country, and not to the
appointment of the judge by this or by the suc-
ceeding Administration.
The action of the Senate of theUnited States
had been referred to as a precedent to justify the
course which gentlemen proposed here. As had
been well said, if the Senate acted wrongly in that
instance, it was no reason why they now should
suspend the operation, and even the passage of
laws, for the reason which gentlemen on the other
side had a thousand times condemned, to secure to
themselves the spoils. But, upon the principle on
which they sought to justify themselves, they ac-
knowledged that they had already begun to sweep
up the crumbs of patronage to satisfy the hungry
cormorants who hung around them now, and were
already ravenous in their demands for office.
He repeated, it was not of so much consequence
whether this judge was appointed to-day or to-
morrow, or the third or the fifth of March. But,
for the character of those gentlemen, for taste, for
modesty—whether feigned or real—which ought
to be exhibited by them at the moment of their vic-
tory, and at the very hour of entering upon its
enjoyment—for this consideration, if for no other,
gentlemen on the other side, it seemed to him,
ought not to press this amendment.
Pending further action on this subject—
Mr. YINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Agreed to—ayes 79, noes 41.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. More-
head, of Kentucky, in the chair.)
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for certain fortifications of the Uni-
ted States for the year ending the 30th June, 1850.
Mr. PRESTON moved to strike out the first
section of the bill. He understood, he said, that,
underahe rule of the-House, on a bill of this char-
acter, he would be at liberty to express his opinions
upon any such topics connected with the general
welfare of the country, as his taste or his inclina-
tion might suggest to him. For that reason he
would ask the Clerk to read a paper which he
held in his hand, as introductory to the speech
which he proposed to make to the House on this
occasion.
The Clerk thereupon read the following bill:
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the Congress doth consent that a new State may
be erected out of and including all that temtory ceded to
the United States by the tieaty ot peace, Inendship, limits,
and settlement with the Republic of Mexico, concluded 2d
Februmy, 1848, with a republican form of government, to
he adopted by the inhabitants of said territory, assembled
by delegates in convention, as hereinafter piovided for that
purpose,'In order that the said State may be admitted into
tins Union.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatthe foregoing con-
sent of Congress is gtven upon the following reservations
and conditions: Fust,Tlidtthe United States heieby uncon-
ditionally reserves to the Federal Government all light ot
property in the public domain, and othtr property ceded to
the United States by the treaty of peace atoiefcaid, free from
all taxes or assessments of any kind by the said State j and
also, the power of disposing of the same, including the right
of adjusting all claim and title to land deiived from foreign
Governments, in such manner as Congress shall prescribe.
Second, That the new State shall be formed and its-govern-
ment adopted prior to the first day of October, in the year of
our Lord 1849.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That on the said first
day of October, 1849, the said new State having been thus
formed by the name and style of the State of California, and
with the consent of the people tluereof, shall Be received and
admitted into the Union as a new and entire member of the
United *Statcs of America.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the acting GoveN
nor of California, so soon as he shall be provided with a
copy of this act, to the end that the people may have an op-
portunity of establishing for themselves a constitution and
republican form of government for said State prior to the
first day of October next, shall immediately proceed to lay
off the country embraced within the hmit& of the proposed
State, into convenient districts for the election of delegates
to a convention for the purpose of forming a State consti-
tution, and shall designate the time and place of boldi ng the
election in each district, appoint^the.officers to conduct the
same, and prescribe the mode of making the returns thereof,
and shall apportion the delegates, fifty in ail, among the sev-
eral district*? as near as may be, according to the number of
legal voters in each; and he shall also designatethetimeand
place for the assembling of said Convention. Every white
male inhabitant of said Territory being an actual resident of
the proposed State, and having attained the age of twenty-
one years, shall be entitled to vote at said election.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the State of Cali-
fornia, when admitted into this Uniorf, in conformity with
the provisions of this act, shall be entitled and continue to
be entitled, until the next general census, to two Represent-
atives in the House of Representatives of the United States;
and in all other respects, as far as they may be applicable,
the laws of the United States shall extendto,and have force
in, the Stajg of California.
Mr. PRESTON then proceeded to address the
committee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: Those who have listened to the
reading of the bill will unquestionably concur with
me in the fact, that the proposition which I pro-
pose to discuss is one of great gravity and of vast
-interest to this whole nation. Some two weeks
ago I moved to make the Territorial bills the
special order of the day for Tuesday week last.
Other bills, however, had priority over them. I
began to be apprehensive that I might not have
the opportunity I desired to offer the bill just read
as a substitute for the Territorial bills; and I felt
that it was proper that I should avail myself of
this, the first opportunity I have had to present
the views I entertain on this great and momentous
question.
I suppose I need not offer any apology for ap-
pearing before this House to-day. I have rarely
troubled them in the short period during which I
have been honored with a seat here. I have*
listened attentively and patiently to the discussion
of this slave question—a question which deeply
involves the interest and feelings of the country
which I represent, and of the whole country which
I love. I have listened day after day, calmly and
carefully. I have not in anywise attempted to
foment or increase those feelings which parties,
and sections, and personal aspiration and ambition,
have thrown around it. I have not heretofore,
and shall not, upon this occasion, go into the con-
sideration of the question which gentlemen have
discussed here so long, so ably, so patiently, as
to the merits or demerits of our peculiar system
in the South, or the merits of those principles
which gentlemen of the North propose to lead in
by Congressional legislation here upon us. I shall
not go into' the question as to who have produced
the evils, and who aie responsible for the difficul-
ties which'surround us: I shall address myself to
the remedies which suggest themselves to my
mind, for difficulties and dangers acknowledged
by all. It has been called the great question of
the age: I will attempt to try it by the great prin-
ciple of the age. Having taken my stand delib-
erately and determinedly on this question, on this
day and this hour, I stake myself upon the princi-
ples of this bill. I stake myself upon the principle
which I propose now to explain and illustrate;
and I hope and believe that the good men and the
calm men and the wise men of all parties, will
forget the sectional and party questions which
divide them, and come forward upon a remedy
that commends itself by every principle which
lies at the foundation of that Government which
we have made, or which, I should rather say, our
fathers have made for us, and that we should apply
that very rule to the Government of that country
which, fortune, arms, and conquest, have brought
within our control.
1 might make another remark. In the great
calamity, and in the great embarrassment which
