480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 7.
career to reduce the country to our possession,
the N-erth had the advantage over us—that those
in favor of free institutions had the advantage over
us, which no power could check. Look for a mo-
ment at Virginia and the South. If a slaveholder
wants to emigrate and to take his slaves with him,
it is a work of time. His business affairs must be
arranged. He is a man of substance and property.
He has to collect the last year's hire; he has to
collect the proceeds of the sale of his farm, and
that is not the, work of a moment. But that is not
the case with those emigrating there from the
North. Many of them are bold, intrepid young
men, living on the Atlantic borders, who take ship
and, on the wiitgs of the wind or with the velocity
of steam, go there before a slaveholder can turn
round. Who from the West go'there? The hardy
hunter, who has no home except that bounded
— by the heavens and the ocean. He throws his rifle
ori his shoulder and, in the spirit of freedom,
reaches it through boundless forests and trackless
prairies. It is his country and his home; and he
will arrive there and appropriate it while the slave-
holders are lingering .about Virginia and South
Carolina, attempting to get rid of their stock, and
their lands, and the thousand cares wfiich surround
us. Why, then, do gentlemen say, we willJiave
the Wilmot provio, nolens volens ? Is it in the mere
consciousnessofstrengthandofpower? l&it merely
because, in the wantonness of power, you choose,
like Perditus, to despoil the lioness of her young?
You cannot do it, you will not do it. I offer
this remark in no taunt. I say to gentlemen of
the North, if you want this thing, leave it to a
great principle—leave it to natural causes—leave it
to the principles upon which the Government is
formed. I tell you, if you do not, the reproach
and responsibility will belong to you and attach to
you, in this wantonness of power, of forcing upon
us issues which are unnecessary to your ends, and
intended for our degradation. I beg gentlemen to
remember, it would be of all things the greatest
fatuity and the greatest folly. That strong man
jof old who pulled down the building and perished
amid its ruins, " was blind as well as strong."
What is the argument with which our northern
friends meet us ? They say New Mexico is not
prepared for a State government. She must un-
dergo territorial tutelage. Territorial tutelage!
Why, look at it! In the beginning, when> Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and Vermont were the objects
upon which the minds of the framers of the Con-
stitution rested, did they think that they needed
territorial tutelage ? Was it to teach them princi-
ples of freedom? No; the reason was, that they
were so few in number that they could not consti-
tute a government. Tutelage! You, in the great
day and the great hour of this question—are you to
stop, like a mere pedagogue, to teach New Mexico
and California the ABCof political liberty, while
the destruction of an empire and a government
might learn you the last lesson of us overthrow?
Who, then, wants this delay? The demagogue
may want it. lie who wants to agitate a Presi-
dential question—who wants a sectional advantage;
he who, because he believes he is with the stronger,
is willing to keep the question to oppress the weaker
—he may defeat it; and when it is defeated, it is a
defeat by the union of the pedagogue and the dema-
gogue, neither of whom recognizes the principles
on which this Government is founded.
Sir, the territory is said to be too large. It is
said that the population is sparsely, thinly scat-
tered over it. Let it be so—what ot it ? Take the
State which the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] wants: it iucludes almost all the good land in
that country. The residue is a barren and deso-
late region, where the population will be forever
sparse. But what if it be? Cannot they, under
their State government, govern it as well as we?
Are we, through all time, to convert this hall from
a hall of. legislation upon grave questions, per-
taining to the sovereignty of States, into one of
municipal legislation for distant and remote prov-
inces? No; it cannot and it ought not to be.
Mr. Chairman, m adopting the course of policy
which I have this day advocated, and m offering
this bill, my opinions have been supposed to be
adverse to those of the Commonwealth which I in
part represent, it may be so. if it is, I do not
know it. I say this is a question which we are
bound here to settle before tins Congress adjourns.
The acquisition of California has already cost us
much of feeling, of treasure, and of life. But
frugality, industry, and enterprise may restore the
lost treasure and replenish our exhausted exche-
quer. New generations will rise up and supply
the places of those whom battle and disease have
removed from among us. But still it will cost
greatly beyond its,, value, unless by our wisdom
and moderation, m these halls, we hold fast to those
things which were given us, and which still remain
to us. It will cost too much, though all her high
mountains were mountains of gold; though her
broad ocean may repose on reefs of coral and on
heaps of pearl, unless her pacific wave shall flow
tranquilly, harmoniously, calmly to our shore, in
submission and homage to that standard of freedom
and of union you have planted upon it.
The task is ours to arrest the evil—the duty is
upon «s to confront the danger. The glory will be
ours if we are true to ourselves to'meet and over-
come it. Sir, some may suppose that there is indi-
vidual hazard and danger in the struggle—that some
of us may be lost and overthrown in the conflict.
I do not believe it. But let it be; it is but the attend-
ant and incident to all actions that are enobhng and
elevating. Sooner or later, it will come to all of us,
never on a field more worthy of the patriot. Let
us attempt it now. Let us attempt it in that senti-
ment more to be cherished by the stateman than
the soldier:
" Since all must life resign,
, Those sweet rewards which decorate the brave
'Pis folly to dcclme,
And steal inglorious to the silent grave."
In the proposition which I have submitted, and
in the views which I have expressed to-day, 1 may
not, m the opinion of some gentlemen, have met
the views and opinions of Virginia. I tell you,
Mr. Chairman, I have had my eyes full upon her.
I have looked and dwelt and thought calmly and
patiently upon this whole question. I have this
day devoted myself to what I regard as her true
honor, her present safety, her future glory and
welfare. I have anxiously sought to serve her in
the brief hour which is allotted me. 1 believe all
her interests are indissolubly connected with the
Constitution and the Union, and m their mainte-
nance 1 feel, humble as lam, 1 do her service. Sir,
1 niay be mistaken, but 1 cannot be regardless or
unmindful of her interest: how could I be? "She
was and she is a mother to me." I owe her a sac-
rifice if her interest or honor demands it. And 1
am only worthy of her when 1 am wnolly regard-
less of myself.
The principles which I this day advocate are
wide and universal—great principles that belong
exclusively neither to the North, the South, the
East, nor West. I ask gentlemen to come forward
and submit to thatcontrolingprmciple that will settle
this question. I ask them to forget their party re-
lations for a moment. 1 ask them to look around
this broad empire, and see the feverish, the pain-
ful, the unreasonable excitement that pervades all
classes and all ranks. 1 ask them to witness the
speeches which year after year are delivered—the
feverish, the morbid and sickly excitement that
pervades this Hall. Recognize this principle—
adopt the remedy imbodied m this bill, and H will
come over this House and over this nation like the
sweet breath of spring to the chamber of disease—
healing, strengthening, renovating all of us, so that
we shall take up our beds, like the man of old, and
run the great and glorious republican career which
lays so full before us. Come up, all of you, and
settle this question. There may be an extreme
party at the North, there may be an extreme party
at the South. 1 say to you in confidence, (1 am-rio
prophet, and pretend to be none,) this is the only
door through which these Terntones can be safily
incorporated into our system—the only just, pa-
triotic, and harmonious manner in which this ques-
tion ever can be settled. You may defer it now;
but the men who defer it, who put it aside, saying
that they are not ready now, and that they will
attend to itat a " more convenient season," will be
regarded as unwilling guests. There is a great con-
servative party in the country, to be found north
and south, m every portion of the Union, who see,
feel, and appreciate the principles on which this
bill rests, and the propriety and necessity of sus-
taining them: a broad clear highway is before them-
they will tread it in secunty-and confidence. 1 do
not mean the Whig or the Democratic party; it
may be and will be constituted of both. But upoft
it will be found that great republican national party
who can and will maintain the Constitution and
the Union. There are extremes to be found both
north and south on this question. They who sup-
pose this Union can be or will be dissolved on the
issue of the Wilmot proviso, must and will be sig-
nally disappointed. I trust and believe the whole
country will sustain the principle, and heartily and
sincerely submit to the principle of popular and
State sovereignty on which the proposed measure
rests.
The hammer fell.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, followed in a
speech (in continuation of that delivered on a for-
mer day) on the general subject of slavery. fThis
speech will be found in the Appendix.]
On motion of Mr. HILLIARD, the committee-
rose and reported.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa, presented resolu-
tions from the Legislature of the State of Iowa,
asking.that an appropriation be made for improving
the Skunk river, in the State of Iowa; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, resolutions from the Legislature of the
State of Iowa, in favor of an appropriation for the
improvement of the Des Moines and Rocky River
rapids, in the Mississippi river; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, resolutions from the Legislature of the
State of Iowa, in favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Bloomington, Iowa, to Prairie du
Chien, Wisconsin; which were referred to theCom-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, similar resolutions in favor of a msil route
from Tipton, in Cedar county, to the county seat
of Benton county, Iowa; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, similar resolutions m favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Ottumwa, m Wapello
county, to Charton Point, in Lucas county, m the
State of Iowa; which were referred to the Com-
! mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, similar resolutions in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from New London, Henry
county, directly to Crawfordsville, Washington
county, and thence to Iowa City; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
-Roads.
Also, similar resolutions asking a donation of
land to aid in the construction of buildings for a
branch of the State University at Fairfield.
Also, similar resolutions asking for an appro-
priation in money or land for the improvement of
the Magnoketa river.
The House then adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and lelcrred:
By Mr. NiCOLL: The memorial of the Nautical Institu-
tion and Shipmasters' Society of New York, asking that
adequate facilities be placed at the disposal of Lieutenant
Maury, to perfect his wind and cuirent charts. Also, the
memorial of the Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company, Good-
hue fit Co., liowland & Aspmwall, Hargous & Co., and
others, underwriters and merchants of the city ot New- York,
asking for an increase of the salary of the judge ot the Uni-
ted States district court at Key West, Florida. Also, th8
memorial ot the GeneiaJ Mutual Insurance Company, Grin-
nell, Mill turn, & Co., D. A. King,land & Co., Hicks & Co., -
and others, underwriters and merchants ot the city of New
York, asking for an appropriation and for thtfc necessary
measures to establish a beacon on llie southeast point of ille
Rouier shoals ; also, to lix, at proper places, three buoys in
Buitermilk channel, and other buoys where they may be
needed, in the lower bay of New York harbor; a number of
those heretofore placed there having been recently earned
away by the ice.
By Mr. CRISFIELD : The petition of M. 1). Hurtz and
IB others, citizens of Dorchester county, in the State of
Maryland, praying for a reduction of the rates of postage,
and the abolition of the franking privilege.
By IMr. CATHUAKT: The petition ot E. M. Chamberlain
and 130 other citizens of Indiana, praying the reduction ot
postage and abolition of the flanking privilege.
By Mr. DICKINSON: The petition of musteis of steam-
boats and vessels ori the Lakes, pi ayirig Congress to regu-
late, by law, the cairyirig and showing of lights by vessels
arid steamboats during night, to indicate their course and
situation.
liy Mi. BROWN, of Virginia; The petition of R. McKee
and others, asking a change in the laws concerning the min-
eral lands ol Lake Supeuor.
By Mr. PALFREY: Petitions from E. A. Wetmore and
77y others, ol (Jtica, New York; from Anna Gates and
S92 otheis, ol Loommgtoii, Massachusetts; and from Maria
P. Sabin and 214 others, ot Teinpieton and Phillipston,
Massachusetts, praying Congress to prevent the exttfiuion
of slavery, to withdraw the protection of Government Irom
the American slave trade, and to suppress slaveiy wherever
Congress has competent jurisdiction. Also, the petition of
William H. Sanlord and 43 others, ol Boyleaton, Massa-
chusetts, praying for uniform and. reduced rates ot postage.
By Mr. CUMM1MS: The petition of Atwood Wash, ex-
ecutor of Susanna S. Wash, tor arrearages of pension.
