THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
; 7« ■
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RlVEts.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1849.
New Series No. 31.
By Mr. KAUFMAN: The petition of George Lendrum,
of Sabine parish, Louisiana, praying compensation for beef
fu rnished the United States army at Fort Jesup, Louisiana.
By Mr. DARLING: A petition from sundry citizens of
Wisconsin, praying for the establishment of a mat! route
from Grafton in the county of Washington, to Waukesha
in the county of Waukesha. Also, the petition of Rhoda
ffuson, of Wisconsin, tor a pension on account of the ser-
vices rendered, and an injury received by her late husband,
while employed in the service of bis country, in the late
war with Great Britain.
By Mr. GIDOINGS: A large number of petitions of ladigs,
praying Congress to abolish slavery and the slave trade
wherever it exists by act of Congress, and to lend the pro-
tection of law, so far as constitutional, to one million five
hundied thousand females in the United States, who are
no^v subjected to the barbarous passions of savage owners,
and that the further extension of slavery may be prohibited.
Julia W. McLean and... 51 otheriadies of Highland co.,O.-
Asia Gnodali and  113 do Onondaga co., N. Y.
Hannah W. Day and.... 112 do Columbiana co. Ohio.
Fidelia II. Cud and  108 do America.
Francis D. Tally and.... 120 do do
Jemima Lovejoy and 13o do do
E. L. Pierce and  Ill do do
Abhy A. A. Harford'and.. 3S do . do
Ro^ana Marks and  937 do do
Eunice Richardson and.. 83 do do
Matilda Burke and  314 do* do
L..G. Williston and  7L do do t
Harriet A. Lombard and. 203 do Elbruige, N. Y.
Polly Lewis and  135 do Augusta, Maine.
Ehza S. Allen and  133 do Oswego, N. Y.
Ciaiissa G. Olds and  314 do Madison, Ohio.
Sally G. Bioughtou and.. 98 do Rensselaer co., N. Y.
Fanny J. Chin ch and.... 1&> do America.
P. A. Zimmerman and... 105 do do
Sally Fellows and  68 do do
D. G. Wiilistou and  71 do do
Matilda Baker and  314 do do
Susan A. Dixon and  1S1 do do
Sophia Fay and  121 do do
Lucretia S. Campbell.... 8.3 do do
Dorcas £>py and  63 do do
Harriet A. Weed  202 do Hartford, Conn.
Eleanor Finny and  73 do America.
Famar W. Strong and... 63 do do
Keziah Pope and  47 do do *
A. C. B. Seymour and... 31 do do
Eliza F. llenders and.... 73 do Mahoning co., Ohio.
C.Uhauue L. Richard....
M. J. Fri^hee and  135 do Lorain co., Ohio.
Anna Foot and  137 do America,
E. F. Admarand  97 do do
Mary Knowles and...... 168 do do
Julia Thurston and  83 do Licking co., Ohio.
Elizabeth King and  41 do Portage co., Ohio.
Nancy Iieuty and  110 do Mahoning co., Ohio.
Cornelia Kixley and  27 do Ontauo co., N. Y.
May A. Wheelei and.... 135 do Oswego co., N. Y.
Sarah Ann Streeterand,. 103 do Hamilton, N. Y.
Pin-be R. Cook and  107 do Maine.
Jane McGowen and  31 - do America. x
Charlotte W. Billings and 180 do Hampshire county.
Dea Parker and  39 do Nassau, N. Y.
Clarissa Curtiss and  237 do Portage co., Ohio.
Charity Wads worth and. '89 do America.
Sarah Forbes and  187 do Ashtabula co., Ohio.
Elizabeth DHLs and  120 do Anieuca.
Amanda Murar and  47 do do
Matilda G. S Bates and.. 75 do do
PhebeMcGeah and  805 do New York city.
Eliza W. Richardson and 73 do Ashtabula co., Ohio.
J. S. Smith and  52 do America.
Lucy B. Wright and  365 do Springfield, Illinois.
Elizabeth C. Plumb and. 175 do Hartford, Ohio.
Ann E. Bliss and  06 do State of New York.
M. F. Kingsbury and.... 76 do Putnam,Ohio.
Esther Ward arid  124 do Bergen, N. Y.
Elizabeth Wann and ... 102 do America.
Sarah S. Sherman and... 113 do Ca^sapohs, Michigan.
Jane Crawford and  73 do Jeffei^on co.,04ijo.
L.mraSequins and   £6 do Vermont.
Julia Webb and  137 do Atneuca.
B. P. Hillyerand  272 do do
A. A. Evans and  68 do do
8773
By Mr. liOLMES, ofNew York: The petition of sundry
citizens of Buffalo, New York, and other places, for-abol-
ishing corporal punishment in the navy. Aiso, the petition
<>i citizens of Buffalo, New York, Rochester, &c., asking
Coimress to prohibit the introduction of liquor into any Uni-
ted Slates vessel except for medicinal purposes.
Bv Mi. WENTWORTH : The petition of citizens of Os-
wego, Kendall county, Illinois, for a donation of land, to
make a railroad to connect the Lakes and the Mississippi
river. Ateo, the petition of citizens of i)e Kaib county, tor
a mail mule from St. Charles, Kane county, via Fairfield, at
Henry Warner's Line post office, De ICalb, Centre, Broadus
Grove, and Painc's Point, to Grand Detour.
By Mr. R.OCKHFLL : The petition ot William G. Ewmg
and 51 other citizens of Fort Wayne, Indiana, praying Con-
giess to pass a law to reduce the postage on all letters and
newspapers, also to abolish thefranking privilege entirely;
postage of members of Co.igiess to be paid as their other
expenses, and postmasters to be remunerated for the loss of
the 1 ranking privilege by an increase of their commissions.
By Mr. COCKE: The petition of Robert M. Anderson
and 96 others, citizens of Jefferson county, Tennessee, pray-
ing Congress to establish a uniform rate of cheap postage.
31
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 8, 1849.
. The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a report from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
relation to the expenditures for the coast survey;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
showing the amount of expenditures for the freight
of provisions, clothing-, small stores, and other
supplies for the squadron in the Pacific; aiso, for
transporting- seamen, for one year; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from Austin Pack-
ard and other inventors, praying for an amendment
of the patent laws; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. UPHAM presented a petition from citizens
of Washington county, Vermont, praying for a
uniform rate of postage, and the total abolition of
the franking privilege; which was laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER presented a petition from the
merchants of Charleston, South Carolina, asking
for legislation on the tonnage duties now levied
upon vessels coming from Old Spain to the United
States via the West Indies; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition
of James Foy and others; and the report, with a
letter from theduartermaster General, was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported House bill for the relief of Ro'bert
B. Mitchell, without amendment.
Mr. BELL, from the same committee, reported
House bill for the relief of Lowry Wilhams, with
a recommendation that it be rejected.
Mr. BELL also, from the same committee, re-
ported House bill for the relief of Jesse Sutton,
without amendment.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on
Finance, reported House bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the aimy of the United
States, for the year ending 30th June, 1850, with-
out amendment.
Mr. ATHRRTON, from the same committee,
reported House bili for the payment of navy pen-
sions, for the year ending 30th June, 1850, without
amendment
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill giving the assent of Congress
to the State of Illinois to improve the navigation
of the Des Moines Rapids of the Mississippi river,
in the State of Illinois; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
THE TRANSPORTATION SERVICE.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred so
much of the President's message as i elates to the
transfer of vessels from the War to the Navy De-
partment, reported a joint resolution; which was
read as follows:
Rcsolced„$c., Thatthe Secietaryof Wai be and is hereby
authouzed and directed, in conformity with the recommend-
ation contained m his annual leport. to tiansfer to the Navy
Department such tiansport vessels now belonging to the War
Department as in ins judgment Will promote the public ser-
vice.
Mr. D., in explanation of the proposed transfer,
asked the attention of the Senate to the following
extract from the report of the duartermasterGen-
eral made to the Secretary of War, which is to be
found in the documents accompanying the Presi-
dent's message:
" The vast increase of our territories-, with the long sea
voyages necessary to roach r poitionofthem, would seem to
fcugge^t the necessity of a change in the transport sei vice.
  We are now in precisely the condition of the great mari-
time nations of Europe who have distant colonies. Those
nations, I understand, and particulailyGreat Britain and
France, confide the sea tian&poiution of the army to the
Admirality, ordiifclois of the marine. Witn those nations
vessels of war are often converted into army transports, and
are used a§ far as they can be made available; and it is only
where there are no public vessels disposable, or not a suffi-
cient number for theimmediate occasion, lhatpiivate vessels
are chartered. Economy, which all nations with large es- .
tabliShments are obliged to regard, as well as the efijciepcy
of the naval service, is promoted by the arrangement. Be-
sides, the head or director of the navy only can judge when
a convoy is necessary, or combine the movements of the
transports with the convoy."
Mr. D. briefly commented on this report, and
asked that the joint resolution might now have a *
second reading; and it was-read a second time ac-
cordingly by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRADBURY objected to its passage at this
time, and it was therefore laid over.
■ PORT OF ENTRY in TEXAS.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill to establish a port of
entry at the Brazos de Santiago, in the State of
Texas, reported the same with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate proceeded to
the consideration of the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, inquired why Point
Isabel had been selected ?
Mr. DIX replied, that from the information
which was before the committee, it was supposed
to be the propergoint. He, however, knew noth-
ing about the locality, nor had he any information
bn the subject, except what he had received from
the description given him by the citizens who had
presented this memorial. From them he under-
stood that there was more water at this passage
than at the passage below, and therefore it was
supposed to be a proper place for a custom-house
and a port of delivery. He had understood that
there were objections to Brazos Island, which
render it an unfit place for this purpose, as it was
subject to be overflowed.
Mr. FOOTB'inquired if there were not memo-
rials setting forth the facts respecting these points?
Mr. DIX said there were.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he had
received the memorial to which the Senator from
NewYork referred, but it was evident the Senator
from NewYork did not understand the geography
of the country, which Mr. Davis proceeded to
explain.
Mr. RUSK remarked that several memorials had
been sent to him, one in favor of Point Isabel, one
in favor of the Brazos, and one in favor of the
mouth of the Rio Grande; and he had taken much,
pains to ascertain the proper locality. He thought
there was a difficulty at Brazos Island, from the
fact that it was considered unsafe; that in the ex-
i posure to northers it overflows, and this was'a
1 frequent occurrence; in consequence of which, al-
though the Mexican custom-house had been estab-
lished there, they had been compelled to remove
it to Point Isabel, which is on the mam land. A
raajoiity of the people had sent memorials, and
had determined on Point Isabel as the proper place.
A considerable town had grown up there; and an-
jj other thing that seemed to indicate this as the
;; proper place was the fact that many goods will be
!| landed there for the purpose of carrying them to
j! the Mexican ports. He stated thai lie had re-
|| ceived information frora the Secretary of theTreas-
:t ury that his opinion led him to conclude that Point
!■ Isa'oei was the best place.
h Mr. WESTCOTT inquired if there was stcam-
!! boat navigation at that point?
: I Mr. RUSK replied that there was; and proceeded
,j to say that the difficulty at the mouth of the river,
! i on account of the depth of water, was greater than
i at Brazos Island; that at the island there was nine
kfeet of water, and not so much at the mouth of the
river. Sometimes it is impossible to enter at the
| mouth of the river. The only necessity for any-
i thing at the mouth of the liver arose from the fact
j that goods are smuggled in there, and carried
j thence up the Rio Grande, without paying any
I duty. The greater portion of trade was at Point
[ Isabel. He suggested that it was a matter of little
! consequence, since, if this place were not found to
! be the proper one, it could be removed. But it
! was a matter of consequence that this bill pass,
| since commerce is now going on there, and those.
1 engaged m it need protection. Millions of dollars
