482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 8,
in value will pass there, and it was proper, that the
United Statc3 should .protect this commerce and
guard against smuggling, which will take place
■unless a custom-house is established there.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,"remarked that he
was in favor of establishing a custom-house at one
of these places, but he thought Point Isabel out of
the way. The difference in amount of water at
the two places was only one or two feet. Only the
smallest vessels could go in at either place; large
transports being compelled to anchor off at a dis-
tance, and send in their cargoes by lighters; and
this must always be the case. When the river
was high, the difficulty was not wholly avoided.
He never knew a port where so many wrecks oc-
curred as here. He- scarcely knew a vessel to
touch here without being wreckcd or broken; so
that every vessel above the smallest class must
anchor above the bar and use lighters. The ques-
£o be settled, then, would be, where shall the
custom-house be established, so that large vessels
can be employed?
Mr. RUSK stated that he did not pretend to
■ make any statement on this subject from his own
knowledge, having no information except that
which he had received, from citizens there, and
from the memorials which he had received. But
the resdlt to which he had come was, that this was
the only place at which it could be proper to locate
a custom-house. The Mexican Government had
established their custom-house at Brazos Island,
which had been swept away several times. The
whole island had been repeatedly swept by the
flood occasioned by the northers. With respect
to the mouth of the Rio Grande, he had learned
that it frequently changed its depths. On the
whole, he considered it, a mere temporary matter,
and, when the best place is ascertained, it would
be easy to remove to that place.
Mr. DIX repeated that the only information he
had received was from citizens and from memo-
rials, of whjch there had been several sent to the
Senate. On this point he asked permission to read
an extract from a document which he had received.
He then read the following from a series of resolu-
tions adopted ata meeting held at Point Isabel on
the 15th December, 1848:
" Whereas expencuce has# designated Point Isabel as the
only available portion on our coast for a port of entry anil
Die establishment of custom-hou^e stores, the Mexican Gov-
ernment bavin" repeatedly attempted to e;-tabltsh theirs on
Brazos Island, at which place they wore successively de-
stroyed by floods, until the ycai 1S44, when every improve-
ment exiting on the island was swept away, not leaving a
vestige of its ever having been inhabited, great destruction
of life and property taking piaoc; at the same time the set-
tlements at the mouth of tin) Rio Grande sharing the same
fate, the inundation extending to, and destroying lite and
property as high as IJuruta, nine miles in a &tiaight line
above its mouth; after which yrai the Gove) rmient of Mex-
ico established theironly coast custom-house scction ai I'.mit
Isabel, where it remained until the occupation by our troops:
Therefore—
" Be it jeso/re<l, That Point Isabel, from its natural posi-
tion, is and must continue to bo the concentrating point upon
the coa3t fon the commerce of' the valley of the Rio Grande
and the country tributary 10 it, it being the position best
suited to meet the demands of trade, and to advance the
commercial interests of the United States being the only
high land immediately on our coast—the only available posi-
tion not subject to devastating inundations.'
" ResolvM, That the citizens on the left bank of the Rio
Grande h.ok to the Government of the United States fnt the
enjoyment ot at least the Mine commercial privileges as
they enjoyed under the Mexican Government; and as Point
Isabel, under that Government, was a port ofemrv, we ask
that it may be allowed to remain s>o under the Government
of the United Slate-." '
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill as
amended was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, and was
subsequently read a third time by unanimous con-
sent, and passed.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, pursuant to notice,
asked and obtained leave to iutioducea bill to au-
thorize the payment to the State of Georgia of the
unexpended balance of thesum of $115,000, which
was appropriated to settle the claims of said State
for the services of her militia, by the act of August
11, 1842, entitled "An act to provide for the settle-
ment of the claims of the State of Georgia for the
services of her militia;" which was read a first and
second time,and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. BERRIEN asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill making further provision for the
widows and orphans of officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians and privates, whether of the reg-
ular army or of volunteers, who have died or may
die of diseases contracted while in the service of
the United States, and in the course of their duty
in the prosecution of the war with Mexico; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over, under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into
the expediency of providing by law for the taking of proper
security on the ariival of alien passengers m the United
States who are diseased, or impotent, or paupers, or likely
to become paupers, that such alien passengers shall not be-
come a public chsuge for support and maintenance, either
in the ports and places at which they may arrive, or in anv
other pait of the United States to which they may proceed.
Mr. PHELPS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resoloedt That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to
cause the list of claims pi epared by lnm under the resolu-
tion of the Senate of the Qth April, 1840, and brouuht down
to the close of ttvp 26th Congress, by resolution of the 27th
February, 1841, to be reprinted for the use of the Senate,
and that he cause the list to be brought down to the present
session, incorporating such continuation m the list thus to
be printed.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following res-
olution; which, after a brief explanation by Mr.
Westcott, was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navv do communicate
to the Senate the despatch of the 5th February, 1847, to
Commodoie Roheit F. Stockton, commanding the forces of
the United States in California; and, also, such other de-
spatches of Commodoie Stockton relating to the naval and
military operations of that country as have not heretofore
been communicated to Congress and published.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy communicate i
to the Senate the lepoi t to. his department recently made by i
Lieutenant William F Lynch, of the United States navy, t
of the examination by himself and other officeis of the Uni- :
ted States navy, of the Dead Sea, or such portions of said
icport as said Secretaiy-may deem proper to be made
public.
Mr. METCALFE submitted the following re-
solution; which lies over under the rule:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate
to the Senate the proceedings under the act of Congiess of
the last session, to compensate It. M. Johnson for the erec-
tion of certain buildings for the use of the Choctaw Acad-
emy; also, the evidence of the cost of said buddings.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO A POSTMASTER.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the previous orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the motion lying on the tabic, to reconsider
the vote by which the bill for the relief of William
de Buys, late postmaster of New Orleans, was re-
jected.
Mr. DOWNS explained the case; and, after
some remarks by Mr. HAMLIN, Mr. TUR-
NEY, Mr. BRADBURY, Mr. N1LES, Mr.
RUSK, Mr. BERRIEN, and Mr. WALKER—
Mr. ATHERTON asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider, which were ordered;
and the question being taken, it was decided as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Atchison, Badger, Baldwin, Bell,
Benton, Beuien, Boiland, J iee?e, Claike. Davis of r Ii is-
sippi, D.ijtori, Dodge ot'lowa, Dowtib, Foote,Gieene, Ilan-
negan, Hunter, Johnson ot Louisiana, Jones, Itfangum,
Mason, Miller, Phelps, Utis-k, Schaatum, StU'geon, Upham, ;
Walker, and"Westcott—00. i
1 NAYS—Messrs. Atheiton, Rradbury, Slight, Coiwin, !
Dickinson, L)ix, Feleb, Hale, Hamlin, King, Metcalfe, Niles, j
Spiuance,Tumey, Underwood, and Yulee—16, j
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to. !
The question recurring upon ordering the bill to |
a third reading— j
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the bill, by j
adding the following section: i
Jlrvlbe it Jurther enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas- j
uiy bi!, and he>is hen b>, directed to ascertain the amount ,
of lauds which have been located by mihtaiy land warrants j
issued for military services in the late war with jMe\ieo, by
persons otliei than the petrous to w hom such vvariants were |
issued, theii widows orhens, and that he pay to the beveiai j
registers and receivers of the s>eveial land offices an amount
equal to that which they would nave been cmitlcd to had
t-uch land? been sold tor mone}. deducting therefrom any
sums, which such othcers may hau; received according to
law as fees for the location of land warrants, such payment
to be made out ot any moneys in the trea&uiy not othei wise
appropriated.
Mr. BADGER desired to know if the amend-
ment was in order, having no relevancy fo the bill.
PRESIDING OFFICER. It appears to the
Chair to be a very good ground of objection that
the amendment relates to a different subject; but
there is no expi ess rule which requires the Presiding
Officer to decide that the amendment is not in
order.
Mr. WALKER explained his amendment.
Mr. DOWNS replied.-
Mr. JOHNSON explained that this was a House
bill; whereupon—
Mr. WALKER withdrew his amendment.
The bill was then opposed by Mr. BRIGHT,
who renewed the amendment withdrawn by Mr.
Walker.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding as follows:
Jhvl be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster General
cause to be paid to those postmasters, whose box rents do
not amount to the deficiency, provided such de-
ficiency ea^i be paid out of tile commissions they leceive,
where such commissions at tile iate allowed them would
exceed $9,000.
Mr. DOWNS opposed the amendments, and
after some remarks from Mr. N1LES, Mr. BER-
RlEN, Mr. UNDERWOOD, Mr. DICKINSON,
and Mr. BRADBURY—
Mr. HALE moved to lay the bill and amend-
ments on the table.
Mr. BADGER asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken and decided as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Corwin,
Dickinson, Dix, Felch, Hale, Hamlin, King, Mason, Met-
calfe, Niles, Spi nance, Turncy, and Underwood—16.
NAYS—Mcssis. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Breese, Clarke, Clapton, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton,
Dodge ol Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fitzpatnck, Greene, H<ui-
ncgan, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Louisiana, Jones,
Mangum, Miller, Phelps*, Rusk, Sturgeon, Walker, Webster,
Westcott, and Yulee—29.
So the motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The question being then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, it was rejected.
The q'uestion recurring upon the amendment, it
I also was rejected.
The question being stated upon ordering the bill
to a third reading, the yeas and nays were demand-
ed and ordered, and, being taken, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bell, Berrien, Bor-
land, Butler, Clarke, Clayton, Davis of Mississippi, Dodge of
Iowa, Downs,Foote, Greene, Ilannegan, Houston, Johnson
ot Louisiana, Jones, Mdiigum, Miller, Phelps, liusk, Stur-
geon, Walker, Webster, and Westcott—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright, Cor-
win, Dickinson, Dix, Felch, Fitzgerald, Fitzpatrick, Hale,
Hamlin, King, Metcalfe, Niles, Spiuance, Turney, Under-
wood, and Yulee—19
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
WILLIAM A. SLACUM.
Mr. CLARKE moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the Senate concurred in the House
amendments to the bill for the relief of William A.
Slacum.
Mr. HANNEGAN. The amendment made by
the House was concurred in, I believe, without any
attention being directed to it. The bill has passed
the Senate repeatedly, and has failed in the House
for the want of time to act upon it. The fact is
this: Mr. Slacum, who was a purser in the navy
in the time of Gen. Jackson, proceeded to Oregon
and collected all the information, all the statistics,
he possibly could, in relation to that country. In
the course of that expedition he was subjected, as
a matter of course, to many privations. He per-
formed his duty ably and satisfactorily. It is not
proposed to pay his expenses, but the proposition,
which was stricken from the bill by the House, was
this. The Committee on Foreign Relations here
gave him, while on this service, in lieu of his purs-
er's pay, six dollars a day, being simply the com-
pensation allowed to a bearer of despatches. The
House disagreed to this, and simply continued his
pay as purser. Certainly, under no rule that I have
ever heard of, could he be called upon to perform
this duty as purser in the navy.
The question on reconsideration was decided in
the affirmative; and, the question being put upon
concuningin the amendment of the House, die
amendment was not concurred in.
DAVID MYERLE.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the bill for the relief of David Myerle, the question
s pending being upon an amendment submitted by
;! Mr. Underwood, directing that the money appro-
;! priated by the bill should go to the benefit of
|j Messrs. Montmoulin & Cornwell, the assignees
, of the hemp rejected by the officers of the United
!; States.
|| Some discussion then took place, in which Mr.
i j JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mr, BRIGHT, Mr. UN-
>' DERWOOD, and Mr. WEBSTER, participated.
