1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
The'amendment was then rejected.
The'question being on the third reading of the
bill-
Mr. BRADBURY moved to amend the bill by
striking out "thirty"and inserting "ten;" which
was agreed to—ayes 22, noes 20.
The bill was then reported as amended, and the
question- being on concurrence with the committee"
in ?.he amendments—
Mr. HALE, Mr. BRADBURY, Mr. BAD-
GER, Mr. ATCHISON, Mr. NILES, Mr, BEN-
TON, ami Mr. FOOTE, made some remarks.
The yeas awd nays were ordered on this ques-
tion, and the question being taken, it was decided
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Bell, Benton,
Borland, Bradbury, Breese, Calhoun, Conviu, Davis of
Mu^i^rppi, DiX. Dodge of Iowa, Downs-, Felch, Fitzgerald,
H.tmhn, ELmneg.in, Johnson of Georgia, Jones, Metcalfe,
Sebastian, Sprua«-ce, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, and
Upham—'27.
NAYfc—Messrs. Badger, Berrien, Bright. Butler, Claskc,
Davton, Dickinson, Dousta*, Foote, Hale, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson oi Lo'Jisiana, Kin;', Mangum, Miller, Niies, Phelps,
Husk, Wiilkei, Webstei, Westeutt, and Yulee— 23.
So the amendments were concurred in-
Mr. ATCHISON proposed Lhat the bill should
be passed over until to-morrow. In the mean
lime, he would propose an amendment to refer the
subject to the Secretary of the Navy, ana if the
hemp was improperly rejected, he would vote to
give the claimant full compensation.
Mr. BERRIEN declined.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked for the yeas and
nays on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, with the view to
give an opportunity to the Senator from Missouri
f Mr. Atchison] t0 prepare his amendment, I move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. BADGER. If we adjourn now, the bill
will not come up again for a Y/cek.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the third read-
ing, and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, J3n?ht,
Butler, Claike, Dayton, Dickinson, T)ouala<, Foote, Bale,
Houston, Johnson of Louisiana, King, M.mguin, Miller,
N'Hcs.-, "Pliers, tUisk, Walker, Webster, Westcott, and
Yulee—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Calhoun, Corwin, Dix, Dodge of Iowa,
Downs, Felch, Fitzgerald, Hamlin, Jlamifiran, Hunter,
Johnson Georgia, Jones, Metca!re, Spiounce, Stuigeo®,
Turney, Undeiwood, and Upham—24.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair votes in
the affirmative. If there is no objection, the bill
will now have its third reading.
Mr. BENTON. Objection, sir: objection.
Mr.^ BERRIEN. M " * 1
require unanimous consent.
PRESIDING OFFICER.
have its third reading?
The question was taken and decided in the affirm-
ative.*
Mr. TURNEY."* Mr. President, I move that
the Senate do now adjourn. •
On a division the motion was not agreed to—21
voting in the affirmative, and 24 in the negative.
The bill was then read a third time and passed.
And, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
President, it does not
Shall the bill now
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 'j
^TwmsDAY, February 8, 1849. ;
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved, j
ALFTCISF PASSENGERS. ' i
Mr. ASHMUN asked leave to oifer the follow- j
Eng resolution; which was read for information: \
Reeled3 That the Committee on the, Judiciary inquire |
into the expediency of providing bylaw for taking of nroner '
secuuty, on the atuval ot alien passengers m the United ,
States who aie diseased, impotent, oi paupers, or likely to ;
become pauper*, that such alien passenscis shall not be-
come a i>t'J)hc chaise f<- r their suppoit and maintenance, i
either in the ports or places m winch they may auive, or in
any othei paitof the United Slates to which they may.pro-
ceed.
Mr. PETTIT objecting, the resolution was not
received.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked leave to
present a memorial.
Mr. ASHMUN objected.
Mr. GRINNELL called for the regular order of
business.
Mr. KAUFMAN said there were a number of
bills from the Senate on the Speaker's table, which
he would ask should now be taken up, and referred
to the appropriate committees.
Several members insisted on the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER, said he would call the attention
of the House to a new rule or regulation which
had been adopted by the House about a week |
ago, and which was in the following words: :
Resolved That on each Thursday (hiring tlie present ses- I
sion, after tlie present week, the calendar of bill? i:i Com- |
mittee of the Whole on the statefifthe Union shall becalied
over, and the bills to the passage of which no objection
shall then he made, shall be that considered and then dis-
posed of.
This was the first <lay, the SPEAKER said, on
which this rule became absolute..
Mr-. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of executing the eaid order of the House.
Mr. OlDDiNGS asked leave to withdraw cer-
tain papers from the files of the House.
Mr. ROCKWELL insisted on hi^ motion.
Mr. PULTON was understood to request the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Rockwell] to
waive that motion for one hour, so that the com-
mittees miffht be called for reports.
Mr. BARRINGER made the same suggestion,
Mr. ROCKWELL waived his motion for the
purpose indicated.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, asked leave te present
certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of Illi-
nois.
Objection having been made, the resolutions
were not received.
Mr. HALL, of New York, inquired of the
Speaker whether the business first in order would
not be the bill reported by him yesterday, fr<?m the
Committee on the Judiciary, in relation to the or-
ganization of a district court in the western district
of Louisiana?
The SPEAKER said that that bill had taken its
place on the file of bills on their engrossment.
The committees were then called for reports;
when,
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR,
Ordered, That 11:'' Committee on the Judiciary he dis-
charged 1'rum the fm tliei eoiwderat.on of the joint i evolution
of the Geneial Asseiifliiy of the Stat" of Iowa, asking an
appioaiiation to defiay the expenses of rummitr the northern
and u'es-tern boundary linet- of the State of tmv,i, <utd that
the tame be relerrfcd to the Committee on i'ublie Land-*.
LAW S OF CGNt-RESo. : are supplementary, weie distill)
Mr. HALL, of New Yonc, from the Committee ^ tinimtion can be purchased at a
on the Judiciaiy, lenorted a joint resolution, au-
thorizing the Secre'taiy of Stale to ineiease the
number of copies of the laws of Congress annually
; distributed to the several States and Territories.
j Mr. HALL asked that it might be put upon its
passage. He said that there had been no increase
i by law of the copies to be distributed among the
! several States and Territories since the year 1818.
A coi respondence had taken place between the
i Secretary of State of the State of New York and
j the Secretary of State of the Unjted States, upon
i the subject? and the Committee on the Judiciary,
in consequence of the increase of the Territories,
had instructed him (Mr. H.) to report the reso-
lution, which authorized an addition of two thou-
sand copies to the number of eleven thousand pro-
vided for distribution since the year 1818.
The resolution, by genera! consent, was read a
third time and passed.
PENNSYLVANIA UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill supplementary to
an act approved March 19, 1842, entitled "An act
supplementary to an act entitled 'An act to amend
the act approved May 13, 1800, entitled An act to
amend An act entitled An act to establish the judi-
cial courts of t ie United States;' " which was read
twice.
The bill bavins: been read twice by its title—
Mr. INGERSOLL asked that it be put upon its
passage.
Mr. JONES called for the reading of the bill;
which was read through.
Mr. 13SGERSOLL briefly explained the pro-
visions of the bill, and the necessity, with refer-
ence to the business before the courts in Pennsyl-
vania, of its immediate passage. *
Some conversational explanation in respect to
the objects and application of the biji passed be-
tween Messrs GI  I N'NELL.3. R. INLrERbOLL,
BOWLIN, MCOLL, LYNDE, and JONES of
Tennessee.
eral other committees yet to make reports, and as
this was the fourth day during which the atten*-
tion of the House had been occupied by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, he would move the pre-
vious question.
(Several Voices'; Move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the "Wholeon the state of the
Union.]
"Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, thought (he said)
that the bill should take that direction, and that it
should not be thus hastily disposed of. Hethought
there was evidencein the bill itself that there would
be inequality in the operation of the law in th«
various judicial districts of the United States.
The SPEAKER inquired if the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Crowell] gave way for a motion to
commit?
Mr. CROWELL adhered to his motion.
The SPEAKER said the motion to commit had
not been made; but if it had, the previous ques-
tion would not cut it off.
Mr. HOUSTON said he had not made the mo-
tion to commit, and supposed that he could not, as
the previous question was pending. If the motion
to commit were in order, he would make it now.
Mr. CROWELL withdrew his demand for the
previous question, moved to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I; and then renewed the demand-for the previous
i; question.
'! There was a second. The main_question was
i ordered to be now taken; and, having been taken,
j the bill—by ayes 82, noes 38—was referred to
[j the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
On motion of Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL,
Ordered, That the Committee on tlie Judiciary be dis-
ciplined from the further consideration of the petition of
sundry persons of Rhode Island for me abolition of capital
punishment, and that the same be laid upon the table.
Mr. J. R. INGERSQLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciaiy, reported the following resolution;
which was read and agreed to-:
2tes02reri,Tliat the Clerk of this House be directed to pur-
chase 'of Little & Brown the same number ofcop'es of their
annual continuation ot the Statute? at Large and Treaties of
the United States already published, and including the pres-
ent Congress, as was furnished bv-them of then edition of
the Statutes at Laige m eight volumes; and that the fdtne
he distributed by Mm as the Statutes at Large to which they
weie distiihuted; Provided, Such eon-
rchased at a price not exceeding sixty
cents lor the law's of each session, and the treaties pub-
j lished theiewilh.
I Mr. FRENCH, from the same committee, to
: whom was referred the petition of J. W. Nye*
I praying for the payment of services rendered un-
der a contract with the postmaster of the House of
Representatives, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That theCJeik of this ttouee payout of the con-
tingent fund to J. YV. Nje, the s«m of five hundred and
twenty-five dollais, on his executing a iclease, under his
hand and seal, to the United States, in such form as shall
be approved bv snid CJeife, of all claims ae.unst the United
State?, or the postmaster of the Hoi^e of Repre?entalives 
in respect to the several matters set forth in hjs petition and «
paoers, refei red to the Committee on the Judiciary of the
House, or referred to in the papers, or by the witnesses
whose testimony was before the committee; which release
: thail, by the said Clerk, be preserved among*tthe files of his
' office.
| After some remarks, by way of explanation and
jinouiry, by Messrs. FRENCH, STUART of
! Michigan, JONES of Tennessee, WENT-
| WORTH, KENNON, and ROCKWELL of
i Connecticut—
On motion Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the reso-
lution was laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Mass., it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims he
diseh.ngcd from the turtner cori^tdeiauon of the pulsion of
Cornf-ht'i-, Bates, and that it be referied to the Committee om
Revolutionary Pensions.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Mass., it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolalionary Claims lie
di^-liarirecl from the luitlw conndiration ot the petition of
DomlKey Nabli, -uhJ !h.« leave be grunted to withdraw tha
saiii petition mid priors fioui tlie tiles ot the House. -
Mi. NEWELL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
John Moore White, accompanied by a report in
writing; which was read twice, and committed to
the Committee of the Whole House, and the bill
and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER, fropi the same committee, re-
potted a bill for (lie relief of the legal representa-
tives of James Bell, deceased, accompanied by a
Mr. CROWELL said, that as there wers sev- !! report in writing; which bill was read twice and
