1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
ishinglhis barbarous custom, which we were not
able to effect at the last session. But, sir, though
we did not then succeed in abolishing this bar-
barous custom, on my motion we obtained from
the Secretary of the Navy a report which shows
cases in which this arbitrary custom had been
practised, and in how many instances, during a
period of three months; and I have taken an ab-
stract of it, which presents these curious facts, that,
from the first of April to the thirtieth of June, 1847,
they could get along with fifty-seven lashes on
board the United States ship Cyane—for that is
the statement of this report—while others could
not get along with less than nine hundred and three
lashes for the same time; so that this system is not
Very equally administered—some receiving only
one-eighteenth part of as many lashes as are re-
quired in the same time in other vessels. The
administration of this system, it will be seen,
varies from fifty-sven lashes up to nine hundred
and three.
Now, Mr. President, there is a very intelligent
sailor in this city, who, if he could have a hear-
ing before a committee, either here or of the House
of Representatives, is prepared to show that the
statement, as set forth in this report, does not come
up to one-third of the actual floggings given; that
not only nine hundred and three, but that cases can
be found where the floggings have come up to
twenty-three hundred within the period of three
months. To this I desire to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. President, I have not recently attended the
United States court in this District, where a case
.has been tried 
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I would suggest
whether the remarks of the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire are in order. Is it in order to
discuss this matter on the presentation of a peti-
tion ? I think not, sir.
Mr. HALE. 1 believe I am not trespassing on
the usual courtesy nor on the time of the Senate.
I have occupied but little of the time of the Senate
during the session thus far.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator from New Hamp-
shire proposes to discuss this matter at any con-
' siderable length, a reply may be necessary, and I
think that it would be better that the time of the
Senate should not be occupied with the discussion
of this subject at the present time. I must, there-
fore, make it a question of order if the Senator per-
sists in his remarks.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, it is quite in
order on the presentation of a petition to speak of
its merits. It is not an original motion, and noth-
ing is more orderly than the cdurse of the honor-
able Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. KING-. Mr. President, I differ from the
honorable Senator as to its being in order to pro-
ceed with such remarks on the presentation of a
petition. The rule is express and positive that he
can only £tate the substance of the petition which
he presents.
Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) It is not so.
Mr. KING. Such is the rule, and I hope we
ehall adhere to it.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, it is not so.
The rule is that he shall state the substance. But
does not the Senator know that debates by the
hour have sprung up here on the presentation of
petitions? And he win also remember when the
rule was adopted in relation to petitions, which
requires Senators to state their substance, and
there has been no rule since. What is required
is, that a Senator shall state the substance of a pe-
tition that he presents, and that it shall be couched
in respectful language; but there is no rule that
Prevents him ffom speaking upon the subject em-
raced in the petition. None-at all, sir.
Mr. KING. So far from that, Mr. President,
no Senator has a right to make any speech on a
paper that he presents until it is received; and the
question to be put is, Shall the paper be received ?
To save time, it is often that silence gives consent;
but when it is in the knowledge of the Presiding
Officer that there will be objection, he is bound to
put the question on the reception of the paper. On
the presentation of a petition the rule is positive
that he shall state the substance of it; and, until it
is received, no discussion is in order according to
parliamentary law.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. President, I will only
say further that these petitions have been presented.
No question aCout their reception was raised, and
the simple question is on the reference, unless the
Senator from Alabama has made some new rule
of which we know nothing.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I will state that
ordinarily I would not have interrupted a Sepator
on this floor in the course he might think proper
to pursue in presenting a petition; but as I knew
that the Senator from New Hampshire did at the
last session, in an elaborate speech, present this
subject to the Senate, and infernng,from the course
of his remarks, that he was about to proceed at
considerable length to a further discussion of this
matter, and inasmuch as a number of petitions have
been presented, and there is a probability that in
the discussion of appropriation bills, hereafter to
come before the Senate, he will have an opportu-
nity to speak on this subject, and to deliver the
opinions which he entertains, I think it will be an
unnecessary expenditure of the time of the Senate
to continue the discussion now. If, however, the
remarks of the Senator are not to be extended, it
may be better that he should proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated that he was
not aware of any positive rule which prohibited
the remarks; and as it had been the practice since
he had been the Presiding Officer to permit such
prefatory remarks, the opinion of the Chair was
that the Senator from New Hampshire was not
out of order, and might proceed.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, if I had been al-
lowed .to proceed I should not have taken half the
time that the Senator from Florida [Mr. Yulee]
has consumed in commenting on my course; but
I must give the Senator credit for great sagacity in
knowing precisely what I was going to say before
I had spoken. Sir, I was not going to elaborate
my speech of the last session, nor should I have
trespassed greatly on the time of the Senate if I
had; for that was a short speech, and nobody heard
it, the Senate then being very thin. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I was going to call .the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs to
some facts, from a report sent in to us at the last
session, and to say that I had not attended'the trial
of a case in the United States Court of this Dis-
trict, in which it appeared how a recent regulation
has been construed respecting the infliction of
lashes.
Mr. President, under a law of Congress sailors
enlisting for a given time, if it expires before they
return to thfe United States, may be detained for a
longer time, when, in the judgment of the officer,
the emergency requires their)services, on account
of distance from home, or for other reasons. Well,
a man's time may expire on a foreign coast, and
the officer commands this man to perform the or-
dinary duties of the ship. The man says, " No,
by law 1 am not required to do duty;" whereupon
he ties him and gives him twelve lashes. "Well,
will you now do duty?" No. Well, then, take
twelve more; and now will you do it? No. Then
take twelve more. And in this way, for nb offence,
this process is repeated, until the man is flogged
almost to death. That matter appears on the ju-
dicial records of the court in this District. Such
is the construction of the law by the officers. And
by this report it is shown, and such is the ground
taken by these petitioners, that d runkenness creates
the necessity for the cat-o'-nine tails; and that when
you do away with that, you will do away with the
necessity of flogging. 1 find that on board the
United States ship Marion, from the lstof Decem-
ber, 1847, to the 8th of January, 1848, only thirty-
eight days, four hundred and thirty-nine lashes
were given with the cat; and of the number thus
punished by twelve lashes each, twenty-three sail-
ors were flogged for drunkenness and desertion,
and so on through a long list of ditto, ditto, ditto.
Thus you degrade and brutalize the sailor by law, j
and then by law flog him for being just what you j
have made him. But that is not all. I have looked !
over the list of crimes for which men are thus sub- i
jected to discipline, and one I find to be bad cook- j
ing. The captain's stomach is not in order, and j
therefore, because the cook could not suit the cap- I
tain's palate, he receives twelve lashes. Another '
case, on board the United, States ship German- j
town, is recorded, where a poor sailor received >
seven lashes, and another live, for not being prop- j
erly dressed at quarters. He had not the proper !
naval tie to his cravat, I suppose, and thereupon j
up he goes, and takes seven lashes. j
Mr. President, it is said that the character of the j
American sailor is proverbially generous, and I |
do ask that the Senate of the United States will
no longer interpose thus to prolong this relic of
feudalism and barbarity. These men are our breth-
ren; they are not the descendants of the curly-
headed African, on whose behalf it is so unpop-
ular and offensive to speak a word of sympathy.
No, sir; these are the fair-haired rosy-cheeked
sons of New England and the West, [Mr. West-
cott: Anglo-Saxons,] who are subjected to deg-
radation and cruelty, compared with which the
servitude of the South is freedom, and Algerine
cruelty is Christian kindness. I repeat, sir, I do
ask that the Senate of the United States shall not
interpose, and stand up between humanity and the
House, and set itself as a bulwark for the defence
of this punishment. Sir, I have done.
Mr. YULEE. I rise simply to propose to the
Senator from New Hampshire a subject for the
exercise of his own ingenuity in relation to the
matter which he has brought before the Senate,
and I hope he will, at the proper time, take it into
his consideratipn, and give to the Senate and the
country the benefit of his cogitations thereon. I
will ask him to discover, if he can, a substitute for
flogging on board the ships of the United States.
If the Senator will do the country the kindness to
turn his attention to the subject, I have no doubt
that they will be much gratified with the result.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Sir, I would make a sug-
gestion to my colleague, which 1 think will meet
the views of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] It is, that Congress
shall forthwith, by special act, regulate the cook-
ing of beefsteaks, and the mode of tying cravats in
the navy, (faults in respect to which it seems that
poor sailors and cooks are whipped,) to prevent
any further outrages on that score.
The petitions were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Committee
on Indian Affairs were discharged from the further
consideration of a bill to authorize the payment to
the State of Georgia of the unexpended balance
of the sum of $175,000, which was appropriated
to settle the claims of saul State for the services of
her militia, by the act of August 11, 1842, entitled
" An act to provide for the settlement of the claims
of the State of Georgia for the services of her
militia;" and it was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the laying off
a town at Trader's Point, on the Missouri river,
without amendment.
Also, a bill to grant a certain quantity of land to
the State of Iowa, for the purpose of aiding said
State in constructing a railroad from Dubuque to
Keokuk, with amendments; which wereordered to •
be printed.
Mr. UPHAM, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the pe-
tition of the heirs of Benjamin Harrison; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Also, an adverse report on the bill for the relief
of Charles A. Barnitz, husband of Margaret Bar-
nitz, only surviving heir of Lieutenant Colonel
David Greer; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to provide
for the payment for horses and other property lost
or destroyed in the military service of the United
States; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading..
Mr. BORLAND asked for the immediate con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. WESTCOTT .objected.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, from the same
committee, reported, without amendment, a bill to
make further provision for the widows and or-
phans of officers, non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, and privates, whether of the regular army
or volunteers, who have died or may die of dis-
eases contracted while in the service of the United
States, and in the line of their duty in the prosecu-
tion of the war with Mexico.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say, m relation to this bill,
that it provides for the widows and orphans of
such officers, non-commissioned officers, and pri-
vates, as have died since their return from Mexico
of disease contracted there, and fiom which they
have never recovered. The existing law merely
provides for those who died on their way home.
