490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 9,
The purpose of this is to extend the provisions of
the existing law so as to cove'r the case of those
who died after their return of disease contracted
in Mexico. It is a simple proposition, and I be-
lieve it will lead to no debate.- If it be the pleas-
ure of the Senate, I ask that it may be considered
now.v
Mr. WESTCOTT. I object.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Lewis
Morris and others; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. "WESTCOTT, from the Committee on
Patents, to whom was referred the memorial of
John B. Emmerson, praying compensation for the
use of his patent right for improvements in the
Steam engine by the Government, reported a reso-
ness. These suggestions were made especially
with reference to the bslL for the railroad between
Chagres and Panama, and the Post Office bill. I
think it my duty now to say, sir, that I shall re-
quest the Senate on Monday next, to take up the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and the
other appropriation bills; and 1 think they will not
occupy the Senate very long, but that in a day or
two they may all be disposed of. And it is im-
portant that the Senate should act at an early day
upon the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
because one of its sections provides for the pay-
ment of the money that will be due to Mexico
within the current year; and I shall therefore move,
on Monday next, that the Senate take up that bill.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I would be glad if the
Slenaior from New York will withdraw his motion,
lmion postponing the subject till next session, and in order that i may move that the Senate proceed
referiing it, in the mean time, to the Navy Depart-
ment; which, with the documents, was ordered to
be printed.
The resolution was agreed to. *
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported a bilTfor the relief of Augustus
Ford, without amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of John J.
Simpson; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,pursuant to notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
• relief of Mary D. Dix; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DIX. I rise, sir, to ask the Senate to take
up for consideration a bill that is of general inter-
est, and which, I trust, will occupy but a very
short time, although it is a bill of a good deal of
importance. It is the bill that was introduced by
a select committee at the last session of Congress,
making a grant of public land to the several States
to the consideration of Executive business,
j Mr. DIX. I am not quite sure, sir, as the Sen-
| ator from Connecticut suggests,"that the bill which
I have moved to take up will excite debate. I am
| not sure that there is any objection to it. As I said
; before, it is a bill of a great deal of importance, and
• one in which every State of this Union "has an in-
| terest. I should hope, then, that the Senate would
1 take up the bill, let it be considered, and if there
i should be debate, it can go over to another day.
I T am very unwilling to interfere with the wishes
| of my honorable friend, the Senator from Indiana.
| He was a member of the select committee to which
j I have referred; and I am also aware that his ma-
j tion for a special order last week was defeated by
j an adjournment over the day for which it was fixed.
, 1 will give way to him if the Senate will agree to
! take up this bill, and make it the special order to-
i morrow.
Mr. HALE. Take it up now.
Mr. DIX [ will move to take it up now.
Mr. WEBSTER. I supposed that it would be
the first business in order to take up the resolu-
tions that have been laid upon the table; and if n
of this Union tor certain purposes. The object ; should be found that any one of them was likely
of this grant is to provide for the support and , to excite any considerable debate,it would be quite
maintenance of insane hospitals. I am not aware, jj proper to move its postponement. I do not think i
sir—for the bill has not been up at all—that there ' that there is so good a wny to get through the
"will be any debate upon it; and I suppose it may ' ~
be disposed of in a very few minutes.
Mr. WEBSTER. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor will allow me to call up a resolution in order
that it may be passed; I believe it will not occasion
any debate.
Mr. DIX. Certainly.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts will allow me to present cer-
tain resolutions of the Legislature of North Caro-
lina.
The question beingon the motion of the Senator
from New York to take up the bill referred to by
him—
Mr. JYILES. There is a bill which has been the
apcojal order for some time, and which has been
up tor consideration on several different days, and
is suil undisposed of—I mean the bill relating to
the railway across the Isthmus of Panama. That
bill, I believe, has precedence over all others. If
the Senator from Missouri will move to take up
that bill, 1 shall have no objection; but I do object
to'any other bill being taken up—that is, if it will
occupy any considerable time—until that bill has
been disposed of. We cannot get along in this      ^
way. I think we had better dispose of one subject j; tageous to us to have no periodical elections for
business of the Senate as to follow the established
rules of practice; and I hope that, reports having
been now made, the resolutions which are upon
the table, and which are not of-a nature to excite
debate, may be taken up.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from New York to withdraw his motion until
the resolutions which are upon the table shall have
been disposed of.
Mr. DIX. I will do so with great pleasure. I
gave way be "ore for that purpose, but the moment
1 gave way a great many other subjects were pro-
posed.
OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
The fallowing resolution, submitted by Mr.
BENTON, was taken up:
Resolved, That the <9th rule, winch provides for choosing
the Socictary of the Senate, Seijjeant-at-aini«, and Door-
keepei, on the second Monday ot the fir&t session of every
Congress, he ltpealed.
Mr. BREESE. Mr. President, before the ques-
tion is taken on the adoption of the resolution, I
would like to have some explanation of it.
Mr. BENTON.   Experience has satisfied* me
and many other Senators that it would be advan-
before we commence with another.
Mr. BUTLER. I am willing to abide by the
rules of the Senate as far as the disposition of busi-
ness is concerned; but, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, I can no longer consent to
yield my right to have the bills that have been
reported by that committee acted upon by the Sen-
ate. There are some ten or twelve bills, and some
of them of great importance, that have b§en report-
ed by the Judiciary Committee, and are ready to
be acted upon by the Senate. I gave notice the
other day that I desired to set apart Monday last
for the consideration of one of them—a very im-
portant bill, indeed—but it was not taken up. 1 do
not propose to debate it, or to make any remarks
on the subject, f say again, I am willing to yield
to the rules of the Senate; but, further than that, i
cannot no in giving precedence toother measures.
Mr. ATHERTON. I feel it my duty to say
that I have yielded on several occasions to the sug-
gestions of Senators that hills before the Senate
should be finished before taking up any new busi-
our higher officers. The workings of the system
have satisfactorily proved this to my own mind
and the minds of other Senators. These officers
are always in. our hands, and we can at any time
discharge them for the non-performance or un-
faithful discharge of their duties. They are always
in our hands, sir, and we can discharge them at
once for any delinquency of duty; therefore there
is no need of these changes at every session.
And being called upon for reasons for the intro-
duction of this resolution, I will go further and
say, that I have come to the stern determination to
discountenance everybody who comes m to apply
for any of these offices, and seeks to undermine
the incumbents; and that I believe it is now a
matter of fact, that there are persons who have
such an immensity of leisure upon their hands as
to be actually working at this time—a year in ad- i
vance—for these offices. Now, it is not right that p
officers engaged in the performance of their duties '
should be harassed by knowing that persons are
attempting to undermine them, and trying to get
away their places during their whole term of office
While this rule continues in force, all the officers
of the Senate who are affected by it, from the
highest to the lowest, are continually suhject to '
these annoyances; for, sir, among those who
have violent inclinations for office, there are many
who will begin at the top, at the highest office
and come all the way down until they get to the
last one, like a wounded squirrel falling from ths
top of a tree, catching and struggling at every
limb, till at length his last support fails him, and
he rolls upon the ground. Thus we have seen it
for a long time, and Senators have been over-
whelmed by the importunities of these office-seek-
ers, who will take no denial, but return again and
again with their application. Under the old rrile
Senators were not troubled with these applications
but from the moment we adopted the rule now in
force we found that there was a concentration of
all the rejected applicants—and,God knows, their
name was Legion—upon the Senate for places.
Now, sir, I hope the Senate of the United States
will be kept free from applications for office, and
| from these periodical changes in its officers. I have
been against it from the beginning, and I brought in
the resolution from seeing the evils of the system,
and with the hope that the Senate, by abolishing
the rule, will free its members from the importu-
nities of these applicants, and its officers from the
anxieties occasioned by the consciousness that
there are legions of office-seekers endeavoring to
undermine them; and that we will retain in our
own hands, as we have the full right to do, the
power of discharging an incoinpetentofficer on any
i occasion.
j The question was then taken on the passage of
i the resolution, and it was agreed to.
PRINTING OF PENSION LAWS.
; The following resolution, reported on the 7th
I instant by Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,from the
I Committee on Pensions, was taken up for consid*
: eration:
Resolved, That such of the acts.of Congress relative to
j pennons and the Executive regulations touching thesubject
I as have been deemed nocessaij< by tiie Committee on Pon-
moiis to bt< published, as well a< the laws relating to bounty
land, containing about ninety-four pages, be punted under
the direction ot the Commissioner ot Pennons, and that five
i thousand additional topics Ire punted for the use of the
Semite, and one thousand for the use of the Commissioner
, ot Pensions;.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to amend the resolution
by striking out the words ct under the direction of
. the Commissioner of Pensions."
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, I can see no
good reason why that amendment should prevail.
It seems to me tha*t the Commissioner of Pensions
is the very man to superintend the printing of these
laws.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, it will be re-
membered by the Senate, that when this resolution
was under consideration the other day, one of the
objections made to its passage was, that.the Com-
missioner of Pensions was not an officer of this
body. The committee were of the opinion that the
Commissioner would be the proper officer to supei-
intend the publication, if he would consent to un-
dertake the work, inasmuch as he is better ac-
quainted with the subject than any one else, and
consequently better able to judge of the wants of
all parties interested m the publication of these
laws; but, as objection was made the other day by
a Senator to the work being placed under the super-
intendence of the Commissioner of Pensions, I
have thought it best to offer the amendment.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, I objected
the other day to this resolution, because I did not
think the Commissioner of Pensions was the ap-
propriate officer to take the supervision of this
publication—not that I was opposed to the publica-
tion itself, for 1 then stated that I was in favor of
it, and gave my reasons fur desiring that the book
should be printed; namely, that, by its publica-
tion, together with a full statement of the pensions
granted and annually paid out of the people's
money, the people might have their eyes opened
to the enormous abuses that have grown up under
the protection of this system. As a member ot the
Committee of Claims, I have seen repeated appli-
cations made to Congress for remuneration for
services aHeged to have been performed for the
country years after the services had been rendered,
and I have seen these claims allowed upon no bet-
ter authority than the practice of Congress in sim-
ilar cases.
