• 1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
Again, in the Florida treaty of February 22,
1819, the following articles'are contained:
r " Art. 3. The inhabitants oj the ceded territories shall be
seemed >ti the ft>.c exacw« oj their jeligion, v.uhcut umj
reUndav ; sitidf all thoe-t, who may deal re to remove to the
StMMifii dominions thrill be pmmtied to sell or expoi t their
.etlects ,it any time whatever, without being feubject in eithei
case to dutu«-.
 {Art. b. 'the inhabitants of the teriitories which hi*
Catholic Majesty cedes 10 the Umied Slates by this treaty
shall be u.cotporated into the Union ul the Untied Stales,
as soon ns may he oonso.-n nt with the principles ot the Jbed-
eral Constitution, and admitted 10 Use tnjojment 01 all the
privileges, Jiglu>, and immunities, oi' Uie citizens ol the
United States-." . -
Under these treaties with France and Spain, the
free and flourishing States of Louisiana, Missouri,
Arkansas, Iowa, and Florida, have been admitted
into the Union; and no complaint has ever been
made by the original or other inhabitants that
their civil or religious rights have not been amply
protected. The property belonging to the different
churches in the United States is held as sacred by
our Constitution and laws as the property of in-
dividuals; and every individual enjoys the inalien-
able right of worshipping his God according to
the dictates of his own conscience. The Catholic
church in this country would not, if they could,
' change their position m this particular.
Alter the successful experience of nearly half a
century, the Senate did not deem it advisable to
adopt any new form for the ninth article of the
treaty; and surely the Mexican-Government ought
to be content with an article similar to those which
have proved satisfactory to the Governments of
France and Spain, and to all the inhabitants of
Louisiana and Flonda, both of which were Cath-
olic piovjnces.
I ought, perhaps, here to note a modification in
the ninth aiucie, as adopted by the Senate, of the
analogous articles of the Louisiana and Flonda
treaties. Under tins modification, the inhabitants
of the ceded territories are to be admitted into the
Union "at the proper time, (to be judged of by the
Congress of tjie United States,)" &c.
Congiess, under ail circumstances, and under
all tieaties, aie the sole judges of this proper tune;
because they, and they alone, under the Federal
Constitution, have power to admit new States into
the Union. That they.will always exercise this
power as soon as the condition ot the inhabitants
ot any acquned territory may render it proper,
cannot be doubted. By this means the Federal
treasury can alone be relieved from the expense
, of supporting Temtorial governments. Besides,
Congress wiil never lend a deaf ear to a people
anxious to enjoy the privilege of self-government.
Their application to become a State or States of
the Union will be granted the moment this can be
done with safety.
The third amendment of the Senate strikes from
the treaty the tenth aiucie.
It, is uuly unaccountable how this article should
have found a place in the treaty. That portion of
it in regard to lands in Texas did not receive a
single vote in the Senate. If it were adopted, it
would he a mere nullity on the, face of the treaty,
and the judges of our courts would be compelled
to disregard it. It is our gloty that no human
power exists m this country which can deprive
_ one individual of hjs propetty without his consent,
and transfer it to another, it grantees of lands in
Texas, under the Mexican Government, possess
"valid titles, they can maintain their claims beiore
our courts of justice, if they have forfeited then-
grants by not complying with the conditions on
which they wci-e made, it is beyond the power of
this Government, in any mode of action, to render
these titles valid, either against Texas or any indi-
vidual proprietor. To resuscitate such grants, and
to allow the grantees the same period after the
exchange of the ratifications of this Ueaty to which
-they were originally entitled, for the purpose of
performing the conditions on which these grants
had been made, even if this couid be accomplished
by the power of the Government of the United
States, would work manifold injustice. These
Mexican grants, it is understood, cover nearly the
whole seacoast and a large portion of the interior
of Texas. They embrace thriving villages and'a
great number of cultivated farms, the proprietors
of which have acquired them honestly by pur-
chase from the State of Texas. These proprietors
ate now dwelling in peace and security. To revive
dead titles, and sutler the inhabitants of Texas to
be ejected, under them, from their possessions,
would be an act of flagrant injustice, if not wanton j
cruelty. Fortunately, this Government possesses \
no power to adopt such a proceeding. j
The same obseivations equally apply to such j
grantees in New Mexico and California.
The present treaty provides amply and specifi- ■
cally in its 8th and 9th articles for the security of
ptoperty of every kind belonging to Mexicans,
whether held under Mexican grants or otheiwise,
in the acquired territory. The property of for-
eignets, under our Constitution- and laws, wiil
be equally secure without any treaty stipulation.
The iUth article could have no ellect upon suc.i
gi an tees as had forfeited their claims, but that of
involving them in endless litigation, under the
vain hope that a treaty might cure the defccts m
their titles against honest purchasers and owners
of the soil.
And here it may be worthy of observation, that
if no stipulations whatever were contained m the
treaty to secure to the Mexican inhabitants, and
all others, protection in the free enjoyment of their
liberty, property, and the religion which they pro-
fess, these would be amply guarantied by the Con-
stitution and laws of the United btates. These in-
valuable blessings, under our foims of Govern-
ment, do not result fiom treaty stipulations, but
fiom the very nature and chaiactcr ot our institu-
tions,
1 The fourth amendment of the Senate is, to strike
I from the 11th article the following avoids: " JNor
j ' to provide such Indians with file-arms or ainmu- j
! ' niuon, by sale or otherwise." This amendment
was adopted on apiincipleof humanity. These
; Indians must live by the chase; and without fire-
1 arms they Cannot secure the means of subsistence.
! Indeed, for the want of such aims the extiemity
j of hunger and suffering might duve them to com-
! rmt the veiy depiedauons which the treaty seeks
. to avoid, and to make incursions for food either
j upon the Mexican or American settlements. This
! Government possesses both the ability and the
will to lestrain the Indians within the extended ],
| limits of the United States from making incursions i]
into the Mexican territories, as well as to execute }
all the other stipulations of the 11th article. Wt  ,j
: believe, however, that whilst to depnve them of ;;
: fire-arms and ammunition would be cruel, it might, j;
i at the same time, have a tendency to inci ease icaiiei :
than to dimmish their disposition to make hostile :|
^ lncuisions. I
The filth amendment of the Senate to the 12th ji
I article adopts the second mode of payment of the \ \
remaining §12,01)0,000, after the payment of the ;'
first $3,000,0U0, in exclusion of the hist mode jl
! pointed out by the tieaty. The amended article, I;
■ as it stands, is as follows: !j
j ''Article XII. in consultation of the extension ac-
| quin.U by ihe boundaries oi the United spates, as duhned
! in the l:!th article ot tne pieaeiit tieaty, the Government ol
' the United btates engages to pay to mat ol the Mexican
! Republic Uie sum ol nueen million* of dollars. liumediatUy
! alter tins treaty hliall have b^en duly ratified-by the Gov-
1 ernment of the Mexican Republic, the sum of tlnee millions
; of dollars s iiail be paid to the  aid Government, b> that oi
: the United Stales, at the city ol Mexico, in the gold oi silver
1 com or Mexico. Tiie lemaining twelve imlhon-j ol duliais.
' shaU-be paid at the same place, and in the same coin, in
' annual instalments oi three millions of uoH.ii-> each, together
! vviiii interest on the same artheiateol six per centum per
! annum. Tins interest r-ball begin to iun upon Uie whole
, fum ot twelve millions tiom the day of theiuutieation ol the
' piesent tieaty by the Mexiean Government; and the h.st ol u
these instalments ^hati be paid at the t xpuahon ot one yuu i1
! trout the same day. '1 ogetner with encli annual instalment, i,
J as it lalls due, toe whole mtuest acenung on such uisial-
, inent Irom the beginning shall at-o he p.nd." ;j
! It is not apprehended that the Mexican Govern- j1
: ment will have any difficulty in agreeing to tins
i amendment. It is true that, m case they should
find it convenient to anticipate the receipt of ihe ;!
; whole or any part of the ^12,000,000, they might do 1
! this more readily were a stock to be created, and
j transferable certificates issued for small and con- 1
i! venient sums; but yet no doubt is entertained that
^'capitalists may be found who will be willing to ;
|. advance any amount that might be desired, upon
;; the faith ot a treaty obligation solemnly entered
j- into by the Government ot the United States. .
i j The sixth amendment of ihe Senate is to insert
j! in the twenty-third aiticle, after the word " Wash-
' i ington," the words " or at the seat of Government
of Mexico." The object of this amendment is to
hasten the final conclusion of peace between the
two Republics. Under it, should the President
! and Congress of Mexico agree to the treaty as it
1 has been amended by the Senate of the united;
; States, the ratifications may be immediately there- .
after exchanged at dueretaro, and the happy co&- •
summation be at once accomplished.
The seventh and last amendment of the Senate
is to strike out the additional article. This was
done from the conviction- that the period of four
months from the date of the treaty, the time al-
lowed by the 23d article for the exchange of ratifi-
cations, would he abundantly sufficient for this
purpose; and this more especially as the ratifica-
tions may now, under the amendment of the Sen-
ate, be exchanged in Mexico. Besides, the idea
of postponing the final conclusion of peace, and
keeping the present treaty pending between the
two Governments until the 2d October next, could
not be entertained by the Senate.
The Piesident, by and with the advicc and con-
sent of the Senate, has appointed the Hon, Am-
brose H. Sevier, of the State of Arkansas, and the
Hon. Nathan Clifford, df the State of "Maine, com-
missioners to Mexico, with the rank of Envoy-
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary. Mr.
Sevier has for many years been a distinguished
Senator of the United States, and for a consider-
able period has occupied the highly responsible
station of chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations; and Mr. Clifford is an.eminent citizen
of the State of Maine, is Attorney General of the
United States, and a member of the President's
cabinet. They will bear with them to Mexico a
copy of the treaty, with the amendments of the1
Senate, duly ratified by the President of the United
States, snd have been invested, either jointly or
severally, with full powers \to exchange ratifica-
tions with the proper Mexican authonties. That
this final act may be speedily accomplished, and
that the result may be a sincere and lasting peace
and friendship between the two Republics* is the
ardent desire of the President and people of the
United States.
1 avail myself of this occasion to offer io your
Excellency the assurance of my mostdistinguished
consideration. JAMES BUCHANAN.
To his Excellency the Minister of Foreign Re-
lations of the Mexican Republic.
P. S. I regret to inform your Excellency that
Mr. Sevier fias been seized with a sudden illness,
which renders him unable to depart immediately
upon his mission. The two commissioners, how-
ever, have been invested with full and equal powers
to execute their instructions severally, as well as
jointly, and the acts of the one will be of equal
validity with the acts of both. No delay can, there-
fore, be experienced on this account. It is expected
that Mr. Sevier will be able to leave for Mexico in-
a week or ten days.
Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Sevier.
[No. 1.1 Department of State,
Washington, March 18, 1848.
Sir: You have been appointed by the Piesident,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to a most important and responsible mission. The
task has thus been assigned to you of consumma-
ting the treaty of peace which was signed at Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, on the second day of February last,
between the United States and the Mexican Repub-
lic, and which, on the 10th instant, was ratified by
the Senate with amendments.
This bnef statement will indicate to you clearly
the line of your duty. You are not sent to Mexico
for the purpose of negotiating any new treaty, or
of changing in any particular the ratified treaty
which you will bear with you. None of the
amendments adopted by the Senate can be tejected
or modified, except by the authority of that body.
Your whole duty will then consist m using every
honorable effort to obtain from the Mexican Gov-
ernment a ratification of the treaty in the for|^ in
which is has been ratified by the Senate; and this
with the least piacticable delay.
For this purpose it may, and most probably will,
| become ncccssary that you should explain to the
■ Mexican Minister for Foreign Affairs, or to other
' authorized agents of the Mexican Government, the
reasons which have influenced the Senate m adopt-
; ino- their seveial amendments to the treaty. This
' duty you will perform as much as possible by per-
sonal conferences. Diplomatic notes are to be
avoided, unless in case of necessity. These might
' lead to endless discussions and indefinite delay. Ue-
1 sides, they could not have any practical result, as
i your mission is confined to procuring a ratification
I from the Mexican Government of the treaty as ii
