490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10.
came from the Senate, and does not extend to the
slightest modification in any of its provisions.
One of the principal reasons which induced me
to address a note to the Mexican Minister for
Foreign Affairs, in explanation of the amendments
of the Senate, was to avoid delay and prevent
unnecessary discussion. This note, dated on the
18th instant, (with a copy of which you have
been furnished, together with your own intimate
and -personal knowledge of all the proceedings of
the Senate upon the treaty,) will enable you prompt-
ly to furnish every explanation which may be
required. ' . ,
Should you find it impossible, after exhausting
every honorable effort for this purpose, to obtain
a ratification from the President and Congress of
Mexico of the treaty, as it has been amended by
the Senate, it may then become necessary for you,
in conversatidn with the proper Mexican author-
ities, to express an opinion as to what portion of
the Senate's amendments they might probably be
willing to yield lor the sake of restoring peace
between the two Republics. This will be a very
delicate duty; but upon one point at least you will
be relieved from all embarrassment. Neither the
President nor the Senate of the United States can
ever consent to ratify any treaty containing the
tenth article of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
in favor of grantees of land in Texas or elsewhere,
"the Government of the United States do not pos-
sess the power to carry such an article into execu-
tion; and, if they did, it would be highly unjust
and inexpedient. Should the Mexican Govern-
ment persist in retaining this article, then all pros-
pect of immediate peace is ended; and of this you
may give them an absolute assurance.
In icgard to the amendments made by the Senate
to the 12th article of the treaty, in relation to the mode
of payment of the §12,000,000, it is believed that
the case might be different. That enlightened body
would probably not insist on these amendments,
if it should appear that they involved the question
of peace or war. That they may involve this
question is not improbable; but of this you can
better judge upon the spot than the President can
at this distance. «.
It is well known that the present Mexican Gov-
ernment are sorely straitened for want of the pecu-
niary means of support. Their revenues have
been rightfully seized by the commanding general
for the support of the United States army in Mex-
ico; and they are thus left, comparatively, without
resources. The Mexican Government is pledged
to peace. They have staked their existence upon
peace. Without peace they must be destroyed.
It may be, however, that they cannot sustain
themselves in making peace, and executing the
treaty without anticipating the receipt of the whole
or a part of the twelve millions of dollars. Should
this appear to you to be clearly the case, and that
they cannot obtain the means necessary to pro-
long their existence under the amendments of the
Senate to the 12th article, it is not supposed you
would incur any risk by assuring them that the
Senate wo(uld recede from these amendments.
It cannot be denied that the twelfth article, as
amended by the Senate, contains a positive and
unconditional obligation on the part of the United
States to pay to the Mexican Republic the sum of
$12,000,000, in four annual instalments of three
millions each, commencing one year after the rati-
fication of the treaty by the Mexican Government.
Negotiable or transferable certificates cannot, how-
ever, be issued for that amount. All that this Gov-
ernment could, possibly do, under the treaty as it
now stands, would be to furnish the Mexican Gov-
ernment with evidences of the debt m exact con-
formity with the terms of the article as amended.
Upoj^such evidences itis believed that the Mexican
Government might raise the means necessary for
their immediate support. In this belief the Presi-
dent may be mistaken, because capitalists aie a
timid race. Should it appear to the Senate that j
such would probably prove to be the fact, it is con-
fidently believed that they would not risk a defeat
of the treaty by adhering to their amendments to
the twelfth article.
The remaining amendments, although doubtless
highly proper, are comparatively unimportant.
According to the President's understanding of that
portion of the 9th article, as it originally stood,
which relates to the Catholic Church, it contains
nothing more than an amplification of the clauses
contained in the Louisiana and Florida treaties.
and in the amendment of the Senate to the present
treaty, providing for the security of the Catholic
inhabitants in the free exercise of their religion
without restriction. In this view of the subject, the
amendment could not finally jeopard the fate of
the present treaty.
It is not deemed necessary to remark particu-
larly upon the remaining amendments.
Still, I repeat, that until you find this to be un-
attainable, you are to insist strenuously upon the
ratification of the treaty by the Mexican Govern-
ment just as it has been ratified by the Senate.
You might, for this purpose, urge upon them the fol-
lowing considerations, together with others which
will suggest themselves to youi own mind:
1. it this be done, the war will be promptly
ended, and the blessings of peace will be imme-
diately restored. On the other hand, should the
treaty be sent back to the President to be again
submitted to the (Senate, this must occasion con-
siderable delay, and may altogether defeat the ob-
ject.
2. Should the war be" renewed, the Mexican
Government can never again expect to make peace
on terms so favorable as those contained m the
present treaty. In the opinion of a very large and
increasing number of our fellow-citizens, Lhese
terms are far less favorable to the United States
than we had a right to expect. The present treaty
was negotiated substantially in conformity witn
the ultimatum of my instructions, dated on the
15th April last, at a period when we had only just
learned the capture of Vera Cruz and the castle of
San Juan de Ulua. Between that period and the date
of the treaty circumstances had entirely changed,
and a vast amount of precious blood and of meas-
ure had been expended in reaching and capturing
the city of Mexico. Whilst lor that reason the
President might have justly exacted far more rig-
orous terms, yet such was his desire to conclude
peace that he promptly assented to all the material
provisions of the present treaty and submitted it to
the Senate. Should the war be renewed, instead
of purchasing at a fair price a portion of the tern-
tones which we have been obliged to conquer, and
which are now in our undisturued possession, and
restoring the remainder to Mexico, we shall be
compelled to appropriate, without pecuniary com-
pensation, a just and ample indemnity in Mexican
territory for all the expenses of the war.
Although the President has the most entire con-
fidence in your sagacity, ability, and discretion,
yet it is deemed proper to make some suggestions
to you in regard to the conduct which you ought
to pursue in accomplishing the objects of your
mission.
The Mexicans are a sensitive and suspicious peo-
ple. They are now humbled in their own estima-
tion by our brilliant and repeated victories. Their
jealousy ought to be allayed by treating them, m
all your intercourse, with marked respect. All the
external forms of civility to which the Spanish race
attach such peculiar importance ought to be strictly
observed by you. This will not only promote the
success of your mission, but may lay the founda-
tion of a lasting peace and sincere friendship be-
tween the two Republics.
Whilst in Mexico you will communicate freely
and unreservedly with the commanding general uf
the American forces, who will be instructed to ren-
der you all the aid in his power in accomplishing
the object of your mission.
You will bear with you a copy of the treaty
with the amendments ot the Senate, ratified in due
form by the President of the United States, together
with a full power to exchange the ratifications with
any Mexican authority clothed with a like full
power from his Government to perform this duty.
After the exchange of ratifications you will return
to the United States with the copy of the treaty,
ratified by the Mexican Government, which you
shall have received.
Should theMexican Government ratify the treaty
with the amendment of the Senate striking out its
tenth article, and should refuse to ratify all or any
of the remaining amendments, you .will then, not-
withstanding, urge them to send without delay a
commissioner or other diplomatic agent to the
United States, clothed with full power to exchange
ratifications m the city of Washington, in case the
Senate should advise and consent to the ratification
of the treaty in the form in which it shall have
been ratified by Mexico.
Upon reaching the city of Mexico, you will im-'
mediately address a note to the Mexican Minister
for Foreign Affairs, apprising him of your arrival,
and of your readiness to confer, without delay, on
the subject of your mission, either with himself or
with any authorized agent of the Mexican Gov-
ernment, at any place which may be designated.
In regard to the first three millions of the fifteen
millions of dollars secured to the Mexican Gov-
ernment by the twelfth article of the treaty as
amended, provision has already been made for its
payment under the authority which has been given
to Major General William O. Butler, by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to draw on the treasury
of the United States for that amount. General
Butler's draft, which will be promptly honored on
presentation, you may deliver to the appropriate
Mexican authorities immediately after the treaty,
with the amendments of the Senate, shall have
been duly ratified by the Mexican Government.
As the disbursement of so large a sum is a matter
of great importance, you should use every precau-
tion to be certain that the draft shall be drawn in
favor of the proper Mexican functionary, and that
the whole business shall be transacted in such a
manner that no difficulty can hereafter arise on the
subject. You will take receipts in triplicate for
such draft; which ought, if possible, to be signed
by the President of Mexico, and countersigned by
the Minister of Finance.
You are also furnished with four evidences of
debt from the Secretary of the Treasury, dated on
the 16th instant, for three millions of dollars each,
corresponding with the four instalments to be paid
to Mexico under the 12th article of the treaty as
amended by the Senate. These evidences are in
exact conformity with the treaty. Should you
discover that for the want of them serious impedi-
ments might exist to the ratification of the treaty
on the part of Mexico, you are then authorized
to make known to the Mexican Government that
they are in your possession, and that you will
deliver them over immediately after the exchange
of ratifications. Still, tile President would prefer
that the Mexican Government should be satisfied
with the obligation as it stands, contained in the
12th article. In that event, you will cancel these
evidences, and return them to this department.*
Should you deliver them over, you will use all the
precautions which I have suggested in relation to
the draft for three millions ot dollars.
The naval forces of the United States in the
Pacific have captured Mazatlan and other places
on the west coast of Mexico. These, by the terms
of the treaty, must be surrendered. To avoid
unnecessary delay in its execution, the Secretary
of the Navy, by direction of the President, has
issued orders to the commander of these forces to
evacuate all the ports and places in the Mexican
territory on the Pacific which may be in his mili-
tary possession south of the line of boundary
established by the treaty as soon as he shall receive
notice of the exchange of ratifications. You will,
therefore, communicate to him a knowledge of this
event as speedily as possible, and at the same uma
transmit him a copy of the treaty.
Yours, very respectfully,
JAMES BUCHANAN.
To Ambrose H. Sevier, Esq.,
Commissioner to Mexico, fyc.
•Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Clifford.
[No.l.] Department of State,
Washington, March 18,1848.
Sir: The sudden illness of the honorable Am-
brose H. Sevier, lately appointed commissioner to
Mexico, having prevented him from proceeding
immediately upon his mission, the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, has
appointed you an associate commissioner to that
Republic, with the rank of envoy extraordinary
and minister plenipotentiary. Mr. Sevier and your-
self are each invested with full and equal power3,
jointly or severally, as circumstances may require,
to exchange the ratifications of the treaty of peace
concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo on the 2d Feb-
ruary last, between the United States and the
Mexican Republic, with the amendments of the
Senate, and to perform all other acts m conformity
with your instructions.
You will bear with you to Mexico all the in-
structions which had been prepared for Mr. Sevier,
* These evidences were never used, but were cancelled
and returned to the department.
