THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR &. RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1849.
New Series.,
,.m. 32.
together with a copy of the treaty as it has been
ratified by th$ President of the United States; and
you will act in all particulars as- though these
instructions had been formally addressed to Mr.
Sevier and yourself as joint and several commis-
sioners. , It is hoped that in the course of a week
or ten days Mr. Sevier's health may be sufficiently
restored to enable him to follow you; but you are
expressly enjoined not to delay to act upon your
instructions, awaiting his arrival.
The President has manifested his high confi-
deneein your integrity, discretion, and ability, by
intrusting to you this important and responsible
mission; and I entertain no doubt that in your con-
, duct you will abundantly justify his selection.
Yours, very respectfully*
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Hon. Nathan Clifford,
Commissioner to Mexico, <%*c.
Mr. Buchanan to Messrs. Sevier and Clifford.
[No. 2.] Department or State,
Washington, March 22, 1843.
Gentlemen: Referring to my instructions of the
18th instant, relative to the amendments made \?y
the Senate of the 12th article of the treaty, in re-
gard to the mode of payment of the $12,000,000,
the President has deemed it proper to give you
additional instructions upon this subject.
The Mexican Government may, notwithstand-
ing all your efforts, refuse to ratify the treaty be-
cause of these amendments to the 12th article. In
that event you are authorized to conclude a new
treaty with the Mexican Government, adopting
either the first or the second mode of payment of
the $12,000,000 prescribed by the 12th article, as
it stood originally, provided that Government shall
have first ratified the original treaty, with all the
amendments adopted by the Senate. In case you
should conclude such a treaty, it ought immedi-
ately to be ratified by Mexico, and a ratified copy
be brought, to Washington at the same time with
the ratified copy of the treaty which you shall
have received in exchange from the Mexican Gov-
ernment for the copy ratified by the President. It
is not doubted by the President that the Senate
would immediately advise and consent to the rati-
fication of the new treaty which may be concluded
by you. By this expedient, in case it should
become necessaiy to resort to it, a delay of six
weeks or two months in the final conclusion of
peace might be avoided.
A full power to you, or either of you, to con-
clude such a treaty, is herewith furnished.
According to my instructions of the 18th instant,
Mr. Sevier, after the exchange of ratifications, is
directed to return to the United Slates with the
copy of the treaty ratified by the Mexican Gov-
ernment. In that event, Mr. Clifford will not ac-
company him, but will remain in Mexico until he
shall receive further instructions.
Yours, very resoectfully,
JAMES BUCHANAN.
To Ambrose H. Sevier and Nathan Clifford,
Esqs., Commissioners to Mexico.
Messrs. Sevier and Clifford to Mr. Buchanan.
City of Queretaro,
May 25, 1848—9 o'clock, p. m.
Sir: We have the satisfaction to inform you
that we reached this city this afternoon, at about
5 o'clock, and that the treaty, as amended by the
Senate of the United States, passed the Mexican
Senate about the hour of our arrival, by a vote of
thirty-three to five. It having previously passed
the House of Deputies, nothing now remains but
to exchange the ratifications of the treaty.
At about four leagues from this city we were
met by a Mexican escort, under the command of
Colonel Herrera, and were escorted to a house
prepared by the Government for ot^f reception,
xhe Minister of Foreign Relations and the Gov-
ernor of the city called upon us and accompanied
us to dinner, which they bad previously ordered.
So far as the Government is concerned, every
facility and honor have been offered us; andSenor
32
! Rosa, the Minister of Foreign Relations, desires
| us to state that he feels great satisfaction in meet-
ing the ministers of peace from the United States.
We will write you again shortly, and more at
length, as the courier is on the pomt of departure.
The -city appears to be ii^a great state of exulta-
tion, fire-works going off, and bands of music
parading in every direction.
We have the honor to be, your obedient servants,
A. H. SEVIER,
NATHAN CLIFFORD. .
Hon. James Buchanan, Secretary of State.
Messrs. Sevitr and Clifford to Mr. Buchanan.
[No. 11.] City of Queretaro, May 30, 1848.
Sir: In our last we had the honor to inform you
of our arrival in-this city on the 25th instant. On
the following day, at twelve o'clock meridian, in
pursuance of a previous arrangement, Mr. Clifford
was presented to the President of the Republic by
Mr. Rosa, the Secretary of Foreign Relations, in
presence of the cabinet and a large number of the
civil and military officers of the. Government,"and
placed our credentials in the hands of his Excel-
lency. Mr. Sevier was prevented by indisposition
from being present on the occasion. We enclose a
copy of our address to the President, and also a
copy of his reply. Several conferences afterwards
took place between Messrs. Rosa, Cuevas, and
Couto, and ourselves, which it is not thought ne-
cessary to recapitulate, as we enclose a copy of the
protocol, which contains the substance of the con-
versations. We have now the satisfaction to an-
nounce that the exchange of ratifications was effected
to-day. Some delay occurred a+ter the conferences
in the preparation of the Mexican copy of the treaty.
That was finally accomplished within the last hour,
when the exchange of ratifications was duly made
by Mr. Rosa in behalf of the Mexican Government
and ourselves on the part of the United States.
Having accomplished our duties here, we shall
return immediately to the city of Mexico, for the
purpose of paying over the three millions, accord-
ing to the stipulations of the treaty. It is expected
that the Mexican Government will appoint a com-
missioner to repair to the city, in company with
us, to receive the payment. No circumstances are.-
foreseen by us to render it necessary to use the
papers furnished by the Treasury Department, in
regard to the remaining twelve millions.
In one of the conferences, Mr. Rosa urged, with
much force, the dangers of disorder in the city cf
Mexico in case our army should letire before the
Mexican authorities had taken the necessary pre-
cautions. He also expressed some fear that their
authorities might be interfered with by our army,
should they find it necessary to arrest and try cer-
tain individual who, it is said, are plotting the
overthrow of the Government; and to quieft these
apprehensions as far as possible,, we addressed a
communication to General Butler, of which the
enclosed is a copy. Y/e also transmit a copy of a !
letter received from Commodore Jones, with the j
enclosures, and a copy of our reply. Also, acopy j
of a letter fiom General Butler to us, with the en- i
closures, and a copy of our communications to j
Colonel Mason, in compliance with Gen. Butler's .
request. Also, a copy of our despatch to Commo- >
dore Perry. I
We have the ho^or to remain, sir, with great j
resoect. your obedient servants. i
A.H.SEVIER. i
NATHAN CLIFFORD. |
Hon. James Buchanan, Secretary of State. !
P. S. At the suggestion of the Mexican Govern- j
ment, we have written to General ool a despatch, i
of which we also enclose a copy. j
PROTOCOL.
In the city ofQ,ueretaro; on the 26th of the month,
of May, 1848, at a conference between their Ex-
cellencies Nathan Clifford and Ambrose H. Sevier,
commissioners of the United States of America, j
with full powers from their Government to make j
to the Mexican Republic suitable explanations in j
-regard to the amendments which the Senate and \
Government of the said United States have made
in the treaty of pea^e, friendship, limits, and de-
finitive settlement between the two Republics,
signed in Guadalupe Hidalgo on the second day
of February of the present year, and his Excel-
lency Don Luis de la Rosa, Minister of Foreign
Affairs of the Republic of Mexico, it was agreed,
after adequate conversation respecting the changes
alluded to, to record in the present protocol the
following explanations, which their aforesaid Ex-
cellencies the Commissioners gave in the name of
their Government, and in the fulfillment of the
commission conferred upon them near the Mexi-
can Republic:
| 1st. That the American Government, by sup-
| pressing the ninth article of the treaty of Guada-
I lupe Hidalgo and substituting the third article of
| the treaty of Louisiana, did not intend to diminish
i in any way what was agreed upon by the aforesaid
j article ninth in favor of the inhabitants of the ter-
ritories ceded by Mexico. Its understanding is,
: that ail of that agreement is contained in the third
;' article of the treaty of Louisiana. In consequence,
j all the privileges and guarantees, civil, political,
jj and religious, which would have been possessed
j: by the inhabitants of the ceded territories if the
j ninth article of the treaty had been retained, will
j, be enjoyed by them, without any difference, under
i: the article which has been substituted.
|j 2d~. The American Government, by suppressing
!■ the tenth ariicle of the treaty of Guadalupe, did
!j not, in any way, intend to annul the grams of
i lands made by Mexico in the ceded territories.
I These grants, notwithstanding the suppression of
! this article of the treaty, preserve the legal value
I which they may possess, and the grantees may-
I cause their legitimate titles to be achnotvledgcd be-
j fore the American tribunals.
Conformably to the law of the United States,
j legitimate titles to every description of property,
. personal and real, existing m the ceded territories,
; pre those which were legitimate titles under the
; Mexican law in California and New Mexico, up
to the 13th of May, 1846, and in Texas uo to the
I 2d of March, 1836.
; 3d. The Government of the United States, by
suppressing the concluding paragraph of article
j twelfth of the treaty, did not intend to deprive the
; Mexican Republic of the free and unrestrained
j facility of ceding, conveying, or transferring- at any
j time (as it may judge best) the sum of twelve mi!-
| lions of dollars, which the same Government of
; the United States is to deliver in the places [ajt the
; periods] designated by the amended article.
i And these explanations having been accented by
| the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Mexican
j Republic, he declared in the name of his Govern-
| ment, that with the understanding conveyed by
them, the same Government would nroceed to
ratify the treaty of Guadalupe, os modified by the
Senate and Government of the Umfcd Sretr-s.
In testimony of which, their Exc^lenne.s, the
aforesaid Commissioners, and the Monster, have
signed and sealed, in qumtuplicale, the present
nrotocol.
NATHAN CLIFFORD, [l. s.]
AMBROSE H. SEVIER, [l. s.]
LUIS DE LA ROSA. [l. s.]
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President. I move that
the message do he on the table and be printed.
Mr. FHOTE. I move as an amendment that
twenty thousand extra copies thereof be printed.
Mr. MANGUM. I do not know what the doc-
tftfient contains, sir; 1 have not read it, as it came
to the Senate but yes'erday. I will vary rny mo-
tion. I am opposed to the printing of any extra
numbers at the present time, and especially in the
absence of all irifoimation upon the subject. I
have ie^d over in a very hasty manner, but cer-
tainlv with great interest, the communication made
to the House of Representatives, as published in
the Union. I suppose this is very much to the
same effect as that communication. I will vary
my motion by moving its reference to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations; and T should like to
have it printed in the mean time.
