498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
Feb. 10,
Mr. FOOTE. I do not understand m what re-
spect the gentleman's motion is varied.
-Mr. MANGUM. It is varied in this: I desired
in the first instance to have the document printed
awl laid upon the table.
Mr. FOOTfi. 1 suppose the honorable Senate!*
could hardly vary his motion in any vital respect,
as I have moved an amendment, without the con-
sent of the Senate.
The,ViCE PRESIDENT stated the question
to be upon the amendment to print twenty thou-
sand extra copies.
Mr. MANGUM. I submit to the honorable
Senator if it would not be better to postpone action
upon that motion until we can have an opportunity^
to look into the document; after which there will
be no difficulty, so far as my vote upon the matter
is concerned, as to printing any number of the
document the Senator may desire; none whatever,
sir.
Mr. FOOTE. I am rather surprised at this
opposition on the part of the Senator from North
Carolina. I consider it of more importance to
pr|nt an extra number of this document than of.
any which has ever been presented in this Senate
upon any occasion whatsoever.
Mr. MANGUM. i shall make no difficulty
about it, sir. I will remark to the honorable Sen-
ator fron^Mississippi, that I think there is no dis-
position to interpose anysort of objection to the
printing; of the document.
Mr. FOOTE. During the short period which I
has elapsed since I had first the honor of occupying !
a seat upon the floor of the Senate, no occasion, in j
my judgment, has arisen demanding so imperiously ;
as the present one the piinting and circulation of a j
number unusually large of a Presidential message ;
addressed to us. The topics discussed by the Pres-
ident in the message before us are of the highest
dignity, involving most deeply the honor of the :
Government, both at home and abroad. The inter- ;
ests implicated are of inestimable value, embracing :
nothing less than our title to all our California!! and !
New Mexican possessions. The accusatiom which ;
have been preferred against the Executive and his
cabinet advisers, not m certain leading newspa- i
pers alone, but in grave deliberative bodies also— j
yes, sir, in one of the branches of the most ex- 1
nlted legislative body known to the Republic—are j
of the gravest character. These accusations have :
been promptly, fearlessly, triumphantly met by !
the Executive. A full disclosure of facts has been i
made, which I doubt not will satisfy every intel- ;
ligent freeman m the nation of the gross, the outra-
geous injustice done to the Administration by those :
who have presumed to censure it, or who, with a
more politic malignity, have taken it upon them-
selves secretly to instigate others to the performance !
of this work of decrial, in which they did not deem 1
it quite safe, for certain reasons, to be generally ,
known to have participated—a decrial which has
been indulged in by some, and insidiously insti-
gated by others, (as appears to be the fact,) with a .
view to the getting up of an impeachment in the \
House of Representatives, by means of which the j
President and his cabinet counsellors were to be I
expelled from the high places which they now; so j
honorably occupy, and involved in signal, nnpre- |
cedented, and ineffaceable disgrace. The Demo-
cratic party were to be subject to the foulest and
most lasting dishonor, and the sacred principles of
our revered Democratic fathers to be obscured, de- •
graded, and plunged into never-ending contempt,
both in this nation and throughout the habitable
globe. Yes, sir, I repeat it—such a vindicatory
message is now before us, in all its statements of
fact so irrefutable, in its arguments so unanswer-
able, that 1 venture to assert that no attempt will
ever be made on the Whig side of this Chamber
to refute or to respond to it. And when we pro-
pose to print twenty thousand copies of such%
message for dissemination among the good citizens
of the Republic everywhere—north, south, east,
and west—objections are interposed, and obstacles
of various kinds are thrown m the way of such
printing; and dissemination.
Mr. Pie&ident, if no debate had taken place else-
where, i(badfaith, corruption, usurpation, violation
of his official oath had not been alleged against the
President of theUnited States, by heated partisans,
elsewhere than in the Senate, the circumstance that
-we hate ourselves adopted a resolution demanding ■
an explanation from the President as to all the facts
connected with this wondrous document, called a i:
protocol, which was signed by our commissioners
in.Mexico, was sufficient of itself to afford more or
less of sanction to the slanders which have been
hurled at the Administration, both in Congress and
the newspapers, and to render it a sheer act of jus-
tice on our part to afford the widest promulgation
to the President's answer. But when we consider
that a leading newspaper, published in this city,
(the recognized organ, for the pr|sent at least, of a
great political party shortly to come into power,)
whose circulation is coextensive with the Repub-
lic itself, whose editorials upon the prominent
questions aguated in the two Houses of Congress
are well known to be, to a very great extent at
least, the result of mature counsels among distin-
guished party leaders, has recently undertaken to
assert, that in consequence of the execution of
this protocol, " neither California, nor New Mex-
ico, nor the boundary of the Rto Grande, now
belongs to the United States," and that similar
language has been employed elsewhere, in grave
and deliberate discussion, our surprise must be
ereatly deepened at any opposition being now
presented here among honorable "Senators on the
Whig side of the Chamber to the printing of such
a number of the President's message and attendant
documents as may serve to illuminate the public
mind thoroughly upon this momentous subject,
allay the general solicitude which has been ao
unseasonably and so indiscreetly awakened, and
put an everlasting quietus upon the most un-
founded, ungenerous, and malignant accusations
which have ever been given circulation in this
Republic in relation to high civil functionaries. I
must confess that I had confidently expccted a
! very different course from honorable gentlemen; 1
had expected that they would themselves, so soon
as the President's message should reach this Cham-
ber, have moved for printinga huge number of cop-
ies, and have also moved, without hesitation, a res-
olution clearly declaring their own perfect satisfac- 1
tion with the conduct of the President and others !
in connection with this whole matter of the protocol, ;
as well'here as in Mexico. Honorable gentlemen
over the way will permit me to say—and I do so
with the greatest personal respect, and with the j
most perfect regard for their sensibilities—that, in ;
my judgment, they owed it to themselves and to j
their party promptly and zealously to unite in this !
act of justice proposed to them, i feel that I can 1
thus jpeak without giving offence; I know that for j
several days past no debate has been expected i
among gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber '
upon the topics discussed in the message; that it has •
been deemed expedient, as far as is now possible, j
to give the go-by to this whole affair; that other '
than Democratic Senators have not hesitated to de- j
clare their regret that any such proceedings should ;
have occurred in relation to this protocol as have !
been put in progress; and I had, therefore, as I
conceive, good reason to calculate that upon a mo-
tion to print simply twenty thousand copies of the
message for general diffusion, a cordial and unan-
imous concurrence would have been displayed !
without regard to the lines which divide party
among" u3.
Mr. President, X hope I may be allowed at least
to express the high satisfaction which I felt the
other day on hearing from the lips of the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster]
—-whom I am glad to observe in his seat on this
occasion—in the progress of the debate on the bill
for encouraging the establishment of a railway
across the Isthmus of Panama, views and senti-
ments wholly at war with all that has been said in
the shape of oral or printed revilement in regard
to the conduct of the Presidenfeand our diplomatic
commissioners m Mexico. The honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, at a period several days
subsequent to the first movement of inquiry, and
after a divulgence of all the main facts of the case
had occurred, with that loftiness of character which
belongs to him, with that magnanimity which so
• nobly distinguishes the genuine statesman from the
mere time-serving demagogue, did not hesitate to
declare in his place—I use the wrong word—the
honorable Senator made it his business, in a grave,
formal, and deliberate manner, with every appear-
ance of composure and consideration, (and we
know that the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts does nothing hastily and withoutdue thought,)
to announce to the Senate,.and through the Senate
to the country—and placed himself, if I may use
language thus strong, upon the record to that effect
—the opinion that our territorial possessions in
j California and New Mexico do yet belong to us*
that the treaty was absolutely binding on both
parties; that nothing has been done to impair its
validity in any way, or to weaken oui title in the
least degree to the territory thus acquired by treaty;
that, accordingly, it is our duty now, as soon as
possible, to provide governmental protection for
our fellow-citizens in those remote regions, and to
facilitate, as far as lies m our power,,the speedy
development of all the wonderful resources which'
are conjecture.d to belong to these recently-acquired
territories. These are the views of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts—views upon which
he announces his willingness to act, notwithstand-
! ing it was judged by that gentleman, at the period
| of the consideration of the Mexican treaty m tfris
I Chamber, not altogether expedient to ratify it. I
1 think it hardly possible, that after this expression
! of opinion by the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, we shall hear much more in certain quar-
ters about our having forfeited all title both to Cali-
fornia and New Mexico by reason of the execution
of this same protocol.
Sir, it is my design at present, after thus urging
upon the Senate the propriety of printing" the
twenty thousand copies of the message proposed
by me, to do an act of justice to certain members
of the Whig party now in my hearing, and who, I
have reason to believe, have been most egregiously
imposed on by some one in regard to thi3 whole
affair of the protocol. I hold in my hand a num-
ber of the Democratic organ in this city, (the
Union,) a paper whose general course has com-
manded my Ijearty approval, and for Whose ven-
erable editor I cherish sentiments of the most
exalted esteem and kindness. In this number of
the Union, after some general remarks upon the
chaiges preferred against the Piesident in connec-
tion with the protocol, the editor proceeds to ex-
press himself thus:
" It is difficult to suppose that this wanton attack upon
the peace and intcre&ts of the country arises fiom hones*
conviction. Wh^n the Mexiean Congress had approved
; the treaty, upon the explanations contamcd in the letter of
: Mr. Buchanan,hetetofore communicated to Congress; whtr>
the Mexican Executive had no authority to alter the treaty,
: or to exchange laufieations wkh any new mortifications, or
in any mws.ense> when the Mexican Executive knew that
, the American commissioners had no authority to modify or
! change the treaty, or vaiy the explanations given by their
j own Government, and did not intend to do so; when the
j agents who exchanged the latificatioris on both sides knew
i perfectly that the treaty, as sanctioned by the American
j Senate and the American Congie&s, was the pieci^e treaty
; ratified, without aijy power to add aught to or dimmish
aught from it, it is too great a tax on human credulity to
! suppose that the presentassault upon the peace and interests
j ot the country anything but a legitimate result of tinpinv-
o'pJed party opposition, breaking out afresh after the war is
; over."'
Now, sir, I must insist that, had the patriotic
; editor of the Union known as much as to the cir-
| cumstances connected with the origin of these
proceedings touching the protocol as I have for
some time past known, he would have modified a
' little his languageofcensuie as applied to the Whig
paity in general, and, making more or less allow-
ance for the fact that the leaders of the Whig party
who commenced the proceedings complained of
have been most egregiously duped and misled by
somebody or other, he might have been inclined to
visit more or less of condemnation upon persons
who have at least a nominal connection with the
Democratic party itself. 1 know, sir, that I shall
awaken some surprise, but I hope to escape all
censure or suspicion in the premises, by assuming
thus voluntarily the vindication of the Whig lead-
ers in Congress. But, sir, ufiat justilia, mat cce-
[ lumf" is my favorite maxim; and believing certain
| grounds of extenuation to exist in favor at least
j of several gentlemen now in my eye, and per-
j haps in favor of others also, not known to me so
! well, I do not feel at liberty to lemain silent whilst
; they are exclusively subjected to reproaches, which,
' though they may in part deserve them, are yet
at least equally merited by others, who claim no
t ostensible alliance with the Whig party at all,
: and who, whatever secret intentions may be enter-
j tained, evidently deem it decidedly unsafe for
them to make open war upon the Democratic
) party and its interests for the present. Yes, sir,
i { proclaim n here in full Senate, calmly and de-
liberately—with no malign feelings towards any
human being in the world, with no disposition to
do injustice to any man on eattb—with no un-
chaste ambition for the acquisition of mere noto-
riety, with no indecent desire to awaken high
