500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 10,
is not at all surprising that I obtained the informa-
tion winch I have laid before the Senate, and I
deserve no great credit for obtaining that winch
was so easily obtained by all. The only effect
that this revelation on the part of the Senator from
Delaware will have, will be to diminish my repu-
tation as a man of sagacity, inasmuch as, accord-
ing to his statement, I have discovered nothing but
what was ascertained by others as well a3 myself.
U may be that gentlemen on this side of the Cham-
ber have been consulted upon this matter. It may
be that they have known all about it from the be-
ginning, but I cannot believe it; and I am satisfied
that they concur with me in supposing that they
.could neither have' instigated nor connived at the
movements under consideration—movements so
hostile to the Administration—without an entire
loss of fheir own self-respect, and an absolute for-
feiture of all claims to Democratic support and
confidence hereafter. If, however, there are Dem-
ocrats who have been consulted in relation to this
movement, 1 would like to know who they are. I
would like to have them come forward and avow
it. They can speak for themselves, and until they
do avow it, I, for one, shall not believe it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, twenty thousand
copies of the treaty with Mexico, with the amend-
ments of the Senate, have already been printed.
Several Senators. They have all been dis-
tributed.
Mr. HALE. I have enough left to supply the
Senate. I think it would be a useless expenditure
to print twenty thousand copies at this time. I
think two thousand would be plenty. Our print-
ing, instead of diminishing, goes on steadily and
constantly increasing, and I think we should be
careful not to add unnecessarily to it. The treaty
and amendments made by the Senate have been
printed by all the newspapers in the country, and
this protocol, and the President's message in rela-
tion to it, will also be widely, and I may say, uni-
versally disseminated through the medium of the
public "press. There is no necessity, therefote, for
printing the extravagant number of copies proposed,
if the motion to pr nt twenty thousand copies is
adhered to, I shall call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BERRIEN. I would say, with respect to
the Senator from Mississippi, that he is entirely
mistaken in supposing that this document was ex-
hibited only to Senators on this side of the Cham-
ber. My earliest information in regard to it was
derived from two Senators on the other side of the
Chamber, to neither of whom has the Senator from
Mississippi referred in his remarks, and from one
of whom I obtained a copy.
Mr. FOOTE. That wasafter theoriginal move-
ment, I suppose.
Mr. BERRIEN. I know nothing of the original
movement. I was not a participant in any such
movement, and have derived all my knowledge of
it from the remarks of the Senator from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. FOOTE. If it be true that this matter was
generally known to the Democratic members of
this body at an early period, 1 would like to have
gome of them come forward and say so. Until they
do say so, \ shall not believe it. 1 had hoped that
the honorable gentleman to whom 1 alluded as
having originated this movement would come for-
ward and attempt at least to vindicate himself or
explain the motives of his conduct, but he has not
done so. In reply to the Senator from New Hamp-.
shire, I would say that twenty thousand copies of
the message and documents will be few enough to
supply the country. They will be in great demand,
and nothing short of tsventy thousand copies will,
in my judgment, suffice.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, it may perhaps
suit the occasion, as I undersiand the Senatorfrom
Mississippi is under the impression that this doc-
ument was not communicated to Senators on this
side of the Chamber 
Mr. FOOTE, (interposing.) Until after the
movement on the other side of the House.
Mr. MASON. I am unaware of any such
movement having been going on, or at least of the
time when it commenced. However, I think it
proper for me to state, inasmuch as the honorable
Senator from Delaware has been referred to in
such a peculiar manner, that a few days since—I
cannot say exactly how long, but it was some
three, four, or five days ago—the honorable Sena-
tor from Delaware told me that there was such a
paper, and proposed to show it; and, at his sug-
gestion, l'went with him to look at it, and I did
look at it. I did not inquire, Iccording to my rec-
ollection, where the document came from, but
learned from the honorable Senator from Delaware,
and from th„e appearance of the paper itself, that it
was a document printed in Mexico. That was all
the information that 1 obtained from the Senator
from Delaware; and according to my recollection,
no further remark was made by him, except that
the document seemed to have a very strange ap-
pearance. I have made these remarks because I
thought it material that I should say something to
correct the misapprehension that might possibly
arise from the statements of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi in regard to the document not
having been shown to Senators on this side of the
Chamber.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me to
explain? I did not say that the Senatorfrom Del-
aware did not communicate this paper to other
Senators. On the contrary, I said that the whole
course of that Senator in connection with this matter
had been marked by the courtesy and magnanimity
which so eminently characterize all his actions.
Nor do I charge any Senator upon this side of the
Chamber with having kept this matter secret. What
I have said, and what I now say, is this: that that
document was communicated to certain gentlemen
as early as Friday of last week, and it is only
within the last four or five days, it appears, that
the honorable Senator from Virgmia-has ascertained
anything concei ning it. I repeat it, sir, that this
document was obtained from the Mexican Minister
by a Democratic member of this body, and by him
communicated to the honorable Senatorfrom Del-
aware, some time before the Senator from Virginia
heard of its existence. I believe the document was
obtained from the Mexican Minister, and commu-
nicated to the Senator from Delaware on Fuday of
last week; at any rate, so early as to be preliminary
to the movements in the other wing of this Capitol.
Mr. WESTCOTT. It is, perhaps, proper that
1 should state, in addition to what has been said,
and in justice to the Senator from Delaware, that
several days since, on going to that Senator's seat
to converse with him respecting a bill, he showed
me a pamphlet, in English and Spanish, printed in
Mexico, and purporting to be official, containing
what is called the " protocol" appended to the
treaty. It was not communicated confidentially or
in secret, but, on the contrary, several others were
present, and it was the subject of conversation. I
understood it had been given to the Senator a short
time previously, though, as the pamphlet was
manifestly authentic, I did not ask how or from
whom it was obtained, not regarding it as of any
consequence. I have heard about it, but nothing
that I regard as censurable in any way whatever
on the part of anybody. I then expressed the
opinion, which I sull entertain, of the very singu-
lar character of the paper, and that it should have
been laid before the Senate m July last; and I
asked the Senator for a copy, which he allowed
me to take without restraint as to its use. That
copy I ga^e to the Senator ftoin Indiana, the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and I learn he gave it to the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Berrien.]
Mr. BERRIEN. Probably a copy of that copy.
Mr'. WESTCOTT. I allowed gentlemen con-
nected with the press to take copies of that copy,
and 1 did so on my own responsibility, and because
I regarded it as a matter the public should know
all about at once. There were several other copies
in circulation, and a day or two afterwards the
protocol was recited in resolutions in the other
House. I found no fault with anybody, Senator
or not, for bringing the thing out, but the contrary.
It was fight and proper that the country should
know all about it.  
Mr. CLAYTON. I was not the first person that
saw this protocol. Many other Senators on this
side of the Chamber had seen it before it was
shown to me; and I think the honorable Senator
from Mississippi will find that many Senators on
the other side knew all about the whole affair be-
fore I ever read the protocol. When 1 first saw
the document, it was the subject of conversation
through the House. Everybody had had a sight
of it. w However, enough of this. I hope the ques-
tion will now be taken on the printing, and the
whole mailer laid before the country.
Mr. FOOTE. With all due respect to the hon-
orable Senator who has just taken his seat, I beg
leave to say that there has not been quite enough
of this. The honorable Senator's last remark has
made it important that I should reply to him; that
I should lell him, and with great respect, that he "
is entirely mistaken when he says that this paper
was communicated to many Senators on this side
of the Chamber before lie read it or saw it himself,,
I say it before the Senate, and I say it befoie the
country, that in point of fact, it is not true that
this matter was divulged on this side of the Cham-
ber prior to its communication to the honorable
Senator from Delaware. One or two Senators per- .•
chance may have been consulted in regard to it. It
is very likely they were, for there seems to be a sort
■ofpotentia remotissima connected with this business;
but to say that this document was communicated to
many persons on this side of the Chamber anterior
to its communication to the Senator from Delaware
is not true in point of fact. If Senators on this side
of the Chamber were informed of it at such an
early date, they can say so, and then I will believe
it. But I know my Democratic brethren in this
body too well tfl^believe that such is the fact.
Among other gre&t advantages which I have de-
rived from my association with them is this one,
and it gratifies me exceedingly: I have learned
that whatever measure or movement is calculated
to affect in any degree the welfare of the Demo-
cratic party is made known to all its members in
this Chamber. It is never kept back from a part
while it is discussed by another part. It is made
known to all, that all may share in the discussion
of it. And I vindicate my Democratic brethren
in this body, as I am authorized to do, against
the unintentional aspersions of the Senator from
Delaware in saying that this matter was discussed
by a portion of them anterior to his having read
the protocol. It is impossible that this could have
been the subject of conference among the Demo-
crats in this Chamber without my finding it ouU
Such concealment would involve high moral con-
siderations which gentlemen around me could never
be tempted to disregard. Such concealment, there-
fore, would be as impossible as it would be for a
man of ordinary nerves'lo stand, with these nerves
unshaken, upon the top of a mountain shaken to
its centre by an earthquake. I cannot believe that
a Democrat, true to the faith, devoted to the great
cause of Democracy, faithful to the principles of
our Democratic fathers, could know of any such
movement as this, and not endeavor to expose it
to all his political brethren.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, as there has been
a good deal of conversation upon this subject, I
think it is proper for me to say that I presume that
about the same time the honorable Senator Aom
Delaware was shown the treaty and protocol, they
were shown to me also. The pamphlet which I
saw contained the treaty with Mexico, with the
protocol attached to it, in Spanish and English.
Whether I understood then, or have been informed
since, I do not know; but the impression on my
mind is, that there were several copies of this
pamphlet, obtained, as I understood, of the Mex-
ican Minister. I did nor understand that it was a
matter of sccrccy at all. It was shown to me by
an honorable Senator on this side of the Chamber,
because it affected to a very considerable extent, if
there be any force in the protocol, a question in
which the State that I have the honor in part to
represent was very much interested. I conversed
on the subject with the Senator from Delaware,
and asked his opinion as to the legality and force
of the protocol. The pamphlet that 1 saw con-
tained the treaty in Spanish and English, and the
protocol in Spanish and English immediately after
the treaty. This, as a matter of course, left the
impression on my mind that it was intended to be a
part and parcel of the treaty, or an explanation
intimately connected with it.
The Senate will well remember that the tenth
article of the original treaty was opposed by me
here at the time it was under discussion. They
will also recollect the statements which I made in
relation to that article: that my impression was,
that that article (the tenth) was inserted through
the influence and for the interests of the British
bondholderskin order to secure a stupendous grant
of land-, made in fraud by Santa Anna, about tne
time of the Texas revolution, in order to embarrass
her in case she should become independent
Mexico an event then positively certain. I looked
upon that article of the treaty as intended to cover
this grant, made by Santa Anna in fraud of the
