1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
rights of Texas, as well as of the rights of the
Government of Mexico at the time it was made.
I looked upon that tenth article of the treaty which
we struck out here as covering also another stu-
pendous attempt at fraud ami speculation, with
which the name of a certain Padre Macnaroara
was connected, intended to cover nearly all the
valuable vacant domain in California.
This protocol,bearing directly upon this question,
created considerable interest in my mind-, for, if it
invalidated the tenth article of the treaty, as amend-
ed by the Senate, and gave the Macnamara grant j
any validity, it deprived us of nearly all the valu-
able land in California. And if there was any
validity given to this fraudulent transaction be-
tween the Mexican Government, or rather between
Santa Anna, and the British bondholders, it very
seriously embarrassed the State of Texas, and, if
carried out, would be in fact assuming, on the part
of this Government, the regulation of the rights of
Texas, which, under the provisions of the act of
annexation, this Government has no right to do.
As soon as I road this treaty and protocol, as a
matter of course I instituted iifl^uiries concerning
it. It was a matter of great interest to me, and of
vi'al importance to the State ofTexas. I went to
the President of the United States—perhaps I ought
not to say that; I* do not know how these conversa-
tions are regulated here—I went to the President
and examined the documents with which he polite- j
!y furnished me, and conversed with him upon j
the subject. I found that the commissioners were j
instructed not to negotiate at all. I s*w, upon an .
examination of the papers, that they stopped at
Mexico and sent the treaty on to Q,ueretaro—not
being .able, for some cause or other, to go there
themselves—where the Mexican Congress was
then in session, and that the President of Mexico,
in a message which he addressed to Congress,
transmitted the treaty as amended by the Senate
of the United States, and urged upon the Congress
its prompt ratification. One House took up the
treaty and passed it immediately, and on the very
day that the commissioners arrived in the city of
Ctueretaro the other House completed its ratifica-
tion. This is evident, because the act of ratifica-
tion describes the treaty as ratified as it was amend-
ed by the Senate of the United States, and goes on
to notice these amendments. As soon as I arrived
at that point, I was satisfied that the protocol was
of no consequence.
Again, the correspondence shows that this pro-
tocol is simply a protocol of the conversations
which took place after the ratification of the treaty
by the Mexican Congress, between the commis-
sioners on the part of the United States and the
Mexican Minister. That explains the whole mat-
ter to my mind. But, as a matter of course, any
person in the tvorld looking at the treaty as pub-
lished in connection with this protocol in the
pamphlet to which I have referred, would entertain
a suspicion that the protocol was intended to have
an important bearing upon the provisions of the
treaty. Ft is no wonder, therefore, that it should
have excited deep feeling in the public mind, and
particulaily in that portion of the public mind
located in this city, which is more excitable, es-
pecially on such matters, perhaps, than"any other
portion. It was a day or two before this protocol
was published in the newspapers that I was con-
sulted in relation to it, for the reason, as I have
already stated, that I was deeply interested in the
tenth article of the original treaty, which was
stricken out by the Senate. Upon the whole, I do
not see that the protocol is a matter of importance.
I shall sustain the motion to print twenty thousand
copies of this message. It has gone abroad that j
the treaty has been invalidated. I do not believe i
anything of that kind, but there is a great excite-
ment in regard to this matter. The people are
anxious to learn all about it, and I think it is due
to them, as well as to the President and Senate of
the United States, that all these documents should
be published and placed before the country.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President, I reiterate, most
emphatically, that the document in question was
not shown to Senators generally on this side of
the Chamber prior to or contemporaneous with
the time at which it was communicated to the
Senator from Delaware. It may have been shown
£o one or two Senators, who seem to have been
peculiarly circumstanced. It was not at all won-
derful that it wasshown to the Senator from Texas,
as it may have been judged possible, by means of
its agency, to distemper his feelings toward the
Administration. But the fact that it was thus ex-
hibited to him is not at all calculated to exonerate
from blame the persons who seem to have been
disposed to use this protocol for purposes of mis-
chief. I do not know, nor do I care, when this
matter was communicated to my friend from Texas.
I can readily understand how that mi«rht have been
done, and yet been generally kept secret from the
members on this of the Chamber. But I said at
first, and I say now, that this movement was com-
menced by a prominent Democratic member of this
body* in the manner in which I have described;
that conferences were had with the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] and that certain con-
sequences resulted, both here and elsewhere, from
those conferences. And I say, furthermore, that
I think the honorable Senator from Texas is mis-
taken in supposing that the Mexican Minister vol-
untarily placed these documents in the hands of
Senators. He would not take such a step as that,
and instigate proceedings of this kind, which might
result in the interruption of the harmonious rela-
tions now existing between the two Governments.
I do not suppose that my friend from Texas
intended to say that he knew that the Mexican
Minister presented these documents to Senators
voluntarily and unsolicited, but he expressed his
belief that such was the fact, or that he had been
so informed. Now, I believe that 1 am tolerably
welt informed on this subject, and I know it to be
true, and it is provable, that this document was
obtained from the Mexican Minister at his own
house, and upon special application. The Mexican
Minister, therefore, has had nothing to do with
bringing this matter before the country. I feel
certain that this statement will not be positively
denied in any quarter.
Mr. RUSK. I simply said, in reference to this
matter, that I had received the impression some-
where, and my belief was that the document had
been obtained from the Mexican Minister, because
it was published in this city immediately after his
arrival.
Mr. DAYTON. I do not know that it is of
much importance that I should state a fact, but I
do so at the instance of my honorable friend from
Delaware. And it is, perhaps, but justice.to him
that I should say, there was no such thing as a
confidential communication with the Senator from
Delaware. There could have been none intended.
I was present at the time the document was handed
"to the Senator, and my attention was called to the
subject. It was brought to the notice of two or
three other Senators at the same time. It was done
in open Senate, with no disposition to secrecy.
Mr. FOOTE. Do [ understand the Senator from
New Jersey to say that his attention was expressly
called to the subject in my presence at that time?
Mr. DAYTON. No, I do not say in the Sen-
ator's presence. Certainly not. I said I was in
my seat when the document was handed to the
Senator from Delaware, and there could have been
no special confidence intended, for immediately
after it had been handed to him, the gentleman
who had handed him the document made the same
request to me that he had done to the Senator from
Delaware, that I would, after the Senator from
Delaware, had perused it, take the document and
look over it, and see ho\tf the views therein ex-
pressed coincided with those entertained by the i
Senate at the time of the ratification of the treaty. ;
There could not have been any intention of secrecy. ;
It was generally spoken of on this side of the j
Chamber; and, if I mistake not, immediately there- ;
after gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber '
were conversed with on the subject;'and in this :
conviction I am borne out by what has been stated ;
in the debate this morning. \
Mr. FOOTE. I beg leave to say, so far as I am !
concerned, I never took part in any conference in I
relation to this matter, although perhaps I saw as |
much of what was going on, at the period alluded ;
to by the Senator from New Jersey, between a :
certain petsonage and the honorable Senator from !
Delaware, in connection with this protocol, as did j
the Senator from New Jersey himself. There was j
no public disclosure of particulars, made at that 1
time by the parties concerned, but the whole pro- :
ceeding went on as quietly and privately as was ;
possible for a transaction of that nature to proceed. |
As far as I am concerned, I never was conversed i
with in relation to this matter by Senators on the j
othtr side of the Chamber, j
Mr. DAYTON. T did not say that the Senator
from Mississippi had been conversed with in rela-
tion to it.
Mr. FOOTE. I will say further that F have not
asserted that the communication was made in per-
fect confidence to the Senator from Delaware. The
communication, I have no doubt, was made as ex-
tensively as possible on the other side of the Cham-
ber; but I say fegain, that on this side, so far as I
know, gentlemen have not been conversed with in
relation to it. Now, if this be what the gentleman
from New Jersey would call giving publicity to
the matter, I have nothing further to say; but 1 can
assure him still that the fact is, that, for forty-
eight hours at least, no one on this side of the
Chamber did know anything about the history of
this little affair, so private was it kept. I am not
charged with any delinquency, and have no de-
fence to make. I have merely stated facts—facts
which the American people are entitled to know—•
facts about which the public mind is naturally
curious.
j Mr. BRADBURY. Much greater importance
! appears to be attached to this protocol, Mr. Presi-
i dent, than it is, in my judgment entitled to, and
! much more also to the fact of its being brought to
. the notice of the public.
1 Mr. FOOTE. If the Senator from Maine will
| allow me, I wish to ask him if he justifies the man-
I ner in which this protocol was made public?
j Mr. BRADBURY. If the honorable Senator
; had waited until i had made the few remarks I was
1 about to make, his inquiry would have been unne-
j cessary. I was about to say that I regard this
| protocol as a paper proper to see the light, and one
i that will bear examination. I knew nothing in
regard to it until the resolutions were offered in the
House upon the subject. I then examined the
treaty, the amendments made to it, and the proto-
col, and I could see nothing in the paper which it
was not proper for the country to know—nothing
which seemed to me to justify the conclusions that
have been drawn and the charges that have been
made. It was known to the Senate, when the treaty
was under consideration, that the amendments
made here might not be understood by the Mexi-
can Government—that ihe striking out of some of
the articles would be liable to misapprehension
by that Government, unless the reasons for the
l' amendments, and the ground upon which they
h were made, should be explained. ^ I recollect that
;! it was then suggested in conversation that the res-
!: olution of ratification should be piefaced by a pre-
jl amble explanatory of the reasons for the amend-
|! ments made. Another course was adopted. A
i! commissioner was selected from this body, who
!' wasacquainted with the feelings of the Senateupon.
jj the subject, and would be able to make a full and
j clear explanation of the views that were entertained
j in regard to. the articles of-the treaty in which a
' change had been made. He was unable to proceed
'■ on his mission on account of sudden indisposition,
and then a selection was madfe of a distinguished
member of the Cabinet, whose situation enabled
him to understand the views of our Government.
For what purpose were these selections made?
Was it merely to hear the treaty to Mexico, and
present it there for ratification by that Govern-
ment? Would such a selection have been neces-
sary, if that were the only purpose? it was ex-
: pected that the commissioners would explain to
, the Mexican Government the changes that had
been made in the treaty by the amendments, and
' the reasons for those amendments. The great and
' leading change made in the treaty was in stiiking
j out tlie 10th article. That article, in the original
| treaty, related not only to lands in the ceded Ter-
! ritories, but to hinds in the State of Texas, in re-
gard to which the Government of the United States
had nothing to do, and could exercise no control
over. It provided not only for grants that were
valid, but extended to those conditional grants
which had become forfeited by the non perform-
ance of the conditions, and proposed to allow the
grantees to come in after the ratification of the
treaty, and revive these grants by fulfilling the
conditions, fn cases where the terms of the grants
required settlement and occupation of the land for
a period of years, the 10th article stipulated that
the grantees might revive the title by occupation
for a like period" after the exchange of ratification
uf the treaty. By striking out this artule, the
Mexican Government might have feared that the
intention was to invalidate all grants whatever
