1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jm
any post office to be carried in the United States mails not
exceeding half an ounce fn weight, there shall bo charged and
prepaid the unifpnn postage of three cents, for d.U distances
within the United States or the Territories thereof, and for
any additional weight or excess, there shall be charged an
additional postage of three cents for each half ounce, or for
any fraction less than half an ounce; and, when not prepaid,
thefcshall be charged five cents instead of tforee for each half
ounce or fraction less than a half ounce; and that so much
of the first section of the act "to reduce the rates of postage,
to limit the u=sf. and correct the abuse of theTrankUig privi-
lege, and for the prevention of frauds on the revenues of the
Post Office Department," approved the third of March, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-five, and all other jjcts or parts of
acts in conflict with the provisions of this act, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That from and after the
peiiod afoie&aid, there pha.ll be charged and paid on all
newspapers sent through the mails of a greater size or super-
ficies than nineteen hundred square inches, the uniform rate
of one denton each paper, for all distances; on all news-
papers of any size over five hundred and les^ than nineteen
hundred square inches, there shall be charged and paid the
uniform rate of one half cent, for al! distances; and on all
newspapers of a less *ize than five hundred square inches,
there shall be charged and paid the uniform rate of one-
fourth of a cent, for all distances, within the United States
or the Territories thereof.
Sec. 3. And be itf&rther enacted, That all piinted or lith-
ographed circulars and hand bills, or advertisements printed,
or lithographed on quarto post, or single cap paper, or paper
Eiot larger than single cap, folded, directed, and unsealed,
sent fiom the office or place of publication, phall be charged
with postage at the rate of cent for each sheet and no
more, whatever be the distairce the s.uue may be cent, and
double the t,aid rate when the paper shall be lamer than the
size aforesaid, and in all cases to be prepaid when deposited
in the office to be forwarded by mail.
Sec. 4. And he it Jurther enacted, That all newspapers,
commonly called ti ancient newspapers, not sent from the
office or place of publication, and all printed or lithographed
circulars and hand hills, or adveitisements, punted orhtho-
g:ap:ied, as mentioned in the preceding section, and not sent
fiorn the office or place nr publication, shall be charged with
postage at the rate of two ccnts for each sheet, whatever
be the distance the same may be sent, to be prepaid in all
cases when deposited in any post oQice, to be conveyed by
mail; and ail such postages as are embraced m this and the
preceding section, shall be received and accounted for by
postmasters in the settlement of their accounts, as news-
paper and not as letter postage.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all pamphlets,
magazines, periodicals, or reviews, and every other kind
and description of printed or other matter, exccpt herein-
before provided for, which shall be unconnected with any
manuscript letter or writing, except the direction thereon,
and which it is now or may be lawful, bv future enactments
or regulations, to transmit by mall, s-hall be charged with
postage at the rate of one cent for each copy sent to sub-
scribers, or for each parcel, of no greater weight than one
ounce; and one liaif cent additional shall lie charged for
each additional ounce after -the first, of the weight of any
such pamphlet, magazine, periodical, review, matter or
• thing which may be rightfully transmitted through the mail,
whatever may bo the distance the same may be «cnt; and
any ft actional excess less than half an ounce, shall be
charged as if said excess amounted to a full half once.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That the subscribe! s to
newspapers, magazines, periodicals, and reviews, shall pay
in advance for each quarter of the year, the postage on ail
such publications, at the office to which the *>ame shall be
sent, as is now provided by law in regard to the postage on
newspapers only: Provided, however, that publishers may
furnish postmasters at the office nearest the place of publi-
cation, quarterly lists of the names of all subscribers to whom
their publications are intended to be sent by mail from such
office, verifying the correctness thereof by affidavit made on
oath and to*be filed with such postmaster, when it shall be
lawful for such publishers to prepay to him the postage for
< ach quarter, on ail such publications scut through the mail
for the subscribers on said lists, accounting at each quarterly
payment for all new subscribers in the quarter preceding;
and such postmaster shall thereupon be lequired to discount
thirty per cent, of the postage otherwise chargeable by the
provisions of this act in favor of >uch publishers ; but before
they shall be entitled to make such prepayment as to have
the'benefit of such discount, thev shall cause to be inserted
in some conspicuous place iu such publication, with the
sanc.tion of such postmaster a nonce of such prepayment,
and where such papers are not sent from the office nearest
the place of publication,'they *hall in all cases be charged
with the regular rates of postage on transient newspapers,
the same to be prepaid. And the commissions to postmas-
ters shall be computed on the sums actually paid them with-
out regard to the discount authorized by this section in favor
of prepayment by publishers.
Sec. 7. Av-d be it further enacted, That the publishers of
all pamphlets, magaimes, periodicals, or reviews, may send
copies in exchange t° other publishers of woik^, either of
the same class or of newspapers within the United States
or the Territories thereof, free of postage, as is now pro-
vided bylaw in regard to exchanges between the publishers
of newspapers, under such regulations as the Postmaster
General may adopt
Sec 8 And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General mav allow to all postmasters in the settlement of
their quarterly accounts a sum, as compensation, including
commissions, not loss m amount thau the compensation
received by them for the last quarter of the year ending the
30th of June, 1849.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the Postmaster General, at all offices wheie the receipts
for postage now amount to ten thousand dollars annually,
to provide for conveying letters to the post office intended
to be mailed, bv establishing suitable and convenient places
of deposit, under proper regulations, for such letters; to em-
ploy earners to receive them when so deposited from such
places, to carry them to the post office hee of charge; and
al ali such offices it shall also be his duty to cause letters to
be delivered by the same carriers to the persons to whom
addressed, if their places of abode be known, unless other-
wise directed, for which such carrier shall receive not less
than two cents fof each letter, but for all advertised letters
there shall be an additional chargc not exceeding two cents
for the publication thereof in one paner only having the
largest circulation, and published in trie city or town where
such post office is situated.
Sec. 10. And be further enacted, That the Postmaster
Generafl, under the provisions of the eleventh section of the
act approved March 3d, 1847, entitled " An act to establish
certain pos-t routes, and for other purposes," shall cause to
be prepared postage stamps eoirespondiug with the rates of
postage established by this act, of the .denomination of ten
'cents, five,three, two, one-half and one-fourth of a cent.
And if any person shall counterfeit or imitate by any device
any such stamp or stamps, or use any such false or counter-
feits-tamp,in either case,with the view to evade the payment
of postage, he or she so offiending'shall forfeit and pay the
sum of three hundred dollars, or be imprisoned, not ex-
ceeding six months, or be subject to both fine and im-
prisonment according to the circumstances and aggravations
of the offence.
Sfc. 11. And be it further enacted. That the sea postage-
charged by the United States on foreign mail matter and on
mails «ent in whole or in part by sea to the Terntories of the
United States on the Pacific coast, shall be of the uniform
rates now established by a postal arrangement with Great
Biitam ; and that the Postmaster Geneial, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, shall have power
to raise or lower the rates of postage on all foreign mail mat-
ter, whenever the postal arian«ements of other counties,
with which the United Srntes liavo no postal treaty, may
seem to render it proper to do so immediately, only, how-
ever, when the two Houses of Congress shall not be m ses-
sion, and then it shall be the duty of the President, so soon as
Congress shall assemble, to communicate to the two Houses
all the facts and the reasons for such change.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
Genetal shall cause to be kept at each post office a register
of money-letters, showing the dafe of mailing, by whom de-
posited, to whom addressed, to what office sent, and the
postage charged or paid, of all letters or packages contain-
ing money, drafts or checks, scrip or certificates of stock or
treasury notes, sent from such office, or as letters deposited
to be sent of the character aforesaid, on which there shall
be charged and prepaid double the rates of letter postage as
heretofore directed; and such postmaster, if required to do
so, shall, at the time, give to the person depositing such
letter a certificate stating the facts of the ca£e: Provided,
hoivever, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
sttued as to prevent persons fiom sending all such letters
at the usual charges for letter postage, when not deposited
as such, or stated to be letteis containing money or other
things herein enumerated; and publishers are herebv au-
thorized to send their bills to subscubers, folded in their
newspapers or other publications, free of anj additional
charge for postaee
S§c. 13. And be it further enacted, That the franking priv-
ilege, as it exists under any law, or usage, or custom, or as
exercised by any person, or any officer of the United States
in any department of the Government, is hereby abolished,
and shall cea«e after the thirtieth day of June, one thousand
eight hundred and foity-mne; ami that all laws in conflict
with the provisions of this section be, and the same are
hereby, repealed.
Mr. HILLTARD rose and gave notice, that if
the motion should be agreed to, he should move
that the committee proceed to the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for certain fortifica-
tions. ^
Mr. GOGGIN asked the yeas ana nays on his
motion. ,
The SPEAKER suggested that there were two
or three bills from the Senate on their first reading,
and a few bills of a not very important character,
which might be disposed of in half an hour.
Mr. GOGGIN said he would waive his motion
for the purpose of disposing of those bills, pro-
vided they did not give rise to debate.
So the motion was withdrawn for the present.
The House next proceeded to the consideration
of the amendments of the House to the bill from
the Senate entitled u An act for the relief of the
personal representatives of William A. Slacum,
deceased," which were disagreed to by the Senate;
when—
Mr. ASHMUN moved that the House recede
from its said amendment.
The fiist amendment was read, viz: strike out
the words "charges for," and insert the word
"actual." And the question being put: "Will
the House recede from its first said amendment?"
it was decided in the negative.
The second amendment was read, viz: In line
17 strike out all after the word "cents," to the end
of the line.
And the question being put, Will the House
recede from its said amendment?
It was'decided in the negative.
The question was then put, Does the House in
sist upon its said amendments?
And decided in the affirmative.
So it was resolved that the House do insist on
its-amendments to the bill from the Senate entitled
"An act for the relief of the personal representa-
tives of William A. Slacum, deceased."
And it was ordered that the Clerk inform the
Senate thereof.
The bjll from the Senate entitled "An act for
the relief of the captors of the frigate Philadel-
phia," was read twice, and referred ,to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
WASHINGTON", ALEXANDRIA, AND GEORGE-
TOWN STEAM PACKET COMPANY-.
The House proceeded to the consideration tff
the bill fronvthe Senate entitled "An act in,add!- *
dition to an act entitled 'An act to incorporate 4ho
Washington, Alexandria, and Georgetown Steam
Packet Company,' " ordered on the 4th of Janu-
ary last to be read a third time, when—
The said bill was accordirigly read the third
time, and—
The question was then stated, Shall the bill
pass ?
( Mr. EDWARDS said he had the honor to re-
port this bill, a few days since, from the Qommit-
tcc on the District of Columbia. The bill had been
objected to by the gentleman fromTennessee, [Mr,
Jones,] who endeavored to incorporate into it the
principle of individual liability of the stockholders.
He (Mr. E.) did notdesign to discuss that question.
It was a corporation, which had been in exist-
ence for twenty -years until the 1st of January last,
when that existence expired. This bill proposed
to renew it. He referred to the amendment made
by the Senate, which gave the right to Congress
to alter, modify, or repeal the charter. That
amendment, he thought, would cover all the oh-
jections which the gentleman from Tennessee had
made to this bill. Neither principle nor policy re-
quired that there should be incorporated into this
bill a clause providing for the individual liability
of the stockholders.
He desired,that the bill be put now at once
upon its passage.
. Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the im-
mediate question before the House?
The SPEAKER. Upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES said he had not heard all the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio. But, for
one,, he (Mr. J.) could say to him and to the
House, that he was opposed to the creation of cor-
porations. He could not conceive from what
source this Government derived the power to cre-
ate corporations, at any rate to exercise that power
outside of the District of Columbia. If he be-
lieved in the utmost extent of the power to estab-
lish corporations, still he would never consent td
authorize any Corporations in which the stock-
holders were exempt from the liability of the debts
which might be created by such corporations. He
thought if a corporation could be established, that
ail the powers that could be conferred by the Gov-
ernment was to give it a corporate name, to per-
mit it to sue and to be sued, and to have a succes-
sion.
He stated, in conclusion, that to decide the ques-
tion, whether the House was in favor of the bill or
not, he moved to lay the bill on the.table, and he
asked the yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. CHAPMAN appealed to the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw his motion for a few
moments. He would renew it, he said, after ma-
king a very few remarks.
Mr. JONES withdrew the motion upon that
( condition.
Mr. CHAPMAN said it seemed that the whole
| ground of objection which the gentleman 'from
j Tennessee made to the passage of this bill, and'he
! supposed the whole ground of objection which any
i gentleman could make to it, was, that he was op-
j posed to all corporations, and particularly to cor-
porations wherein there was not an individual
liability on the part of the corporators.
Now, it seemed to him (Mr. C.) that this ques-
tion had been settled, not only by this House, but
bv the policy of this Government, and by the
policy of every State in the Union. The Govern-
ment of the United States, and the different State
governments, had decided it to be necessary and
convenient for the protection and advancement of
the citizens of this great Republic, that corpora-
tions should be created—that corporations of this
character should be created, and created without
the feature which the gentleman from Tennessee
said should be in^iafted upon every charter of a
corporation, viz: the feature of individual liability.
It was a settled question, no longer to "be mooted
here or elsewhere. It was settled, that in charters
