504.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
of this*character, it did not tend to advance the
great interests of the country, or the individual in-
terests of the citizen, that the stockholders should
be held individually responsible for the debts of
the'corporation.
^ What did the bill seek to do? To continue in
existence a company which had existed for twenty
years, for the mere purpose of combining together
a small amount of capital, to enable them to trans-
port freight and passengers between this city and
the city of Baltimore, landing at th£intermediate
points on the waters of the Chesapeake bay and
the Potomac. - -
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, made some remark
to Mr. Jokes, which was lost to the reporter.
Mr. JONES asked the gentleman from Mary-
land, as a lawyer, whether, when an execution
was issuecLagainst a copartnership of mechanics,
merchants, or other individuals, in the steamboat
business, who were not incorporated, that execu-
tion would not reach the individual property of all
the partners?
Mr. EVANS nodded assent.
Mr. JONES would ask the gentleman why it
was necessary to incorporate a company to run a
steamboat between the city of Washington and
Baltimore? If he was correctly informed, of the
immense number of boats which run upon the
western lakes and rivers, all were left to individual
enterprise, and the owneis of none of them were
incorporated. He asked why gentlemen would
incorporate this company, and screen the partners
from liability for the debts of (he corporation, when
they made butchers, merchants, mechanics, indi-
vidually liable to the full extent of the debts of
their copartnerships?
Mr. CHAPMAN resumed. It t-cem^d to him
that it was unnecessary to consume the tir.ie of the
House in-discussing the provisions of this bill. He
believed every gentleman undeistood the princi-
ples involved. He should leave the question to
the" decision of the House, merely premising, in
answer to the suggestions and interrogatories which
he had indistinctly heard from the gentleman from !
Tennessee, that he could conceive, as he had be-
fore remarked, of no other objection which could
be offered to this bill than an objection against cor-
porations generally. The question of the policy
of the creation of corporations without the feature
advocated by the gentleman from Tt*hnessee, he
repeated, he considned settled by this Govern-
ment, by ihe oiates, a..d by the whole country.
in accordance wnh his jdetige fy Mr. Jones, he
renewed the motion ?<> lay on the table, stating;
at the same tune, that it was not his own motion;
and that, were he at Sibeity, he should move the
previous question wi the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays weie asked and ordered on
the motion to lay on the table.
Pending this qucMiou—
FORTIFICATIONS.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole oh the state of t
the Union, (Mr. Moiu.hlad, of Kentucky, in the j
chair,) and, after an ineffectual effort on the part J
of Mr. GOGG1N to take up the postage bill, pro- ;
cceded, at the instance of Mr. VINTON, to the
further consideration of the bill appropriating for
fortifications and for other purposes, for the^year
ending 30th June, 185U.
Mr. MILLIARD, who was entitled to the floor,
proceeded to address (lie committee at length on
the subject of providing governments for the new
Territories, and in respect to .slavery therein. [Mr.
H.'s Speech will he fuund in the Appendix.]
Mr. MILLIARD having concluded his remarks,
Air. BROW N, of Mississippi, obtained the floor.
Mr. VINTON said, that, with the permission of
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Browm,] he
would state that the next bill which would come
up for consideration, alter the fortnication bill had
been disposed of, was the Mexican treaty bill,
which, it appeared to him, would very appropri-
ately open for debate the whole suhjcct of Califor-
nia and New Mexico. There did not appear to be
any difficulty, so far as concerned the bill now be-
fore the committee. The debate which was pro-
ceeding had no reference to the subject of that bill.
He proposed, therefore, under the permission of
me gentleman from Mississippi, to move that the
committee rise, wirli a view to offer in the House :
a resolution providing that all debate shall termi-
nate in one hour after the consideration of the bill
shall again have been resumed.
When that bill should have been disposed of,
he would move to take up the Mexican treaty bill,
which was, he thought, a measure of that char-
acter which rendered it proper that opportunity
should be given   debate it.
Mr. BROWN acquiescing in Mr. Vinton's
suggestion—
The question was taken, and having been de-
cided in the affirmative, the committee rose and re-
ported.
TERMINATION OF THE DEBATE.
Mr. VINTON offered the following resolution;
Resolved, That debate on House bill making appropria-
ting for ctirtiim fortifications for tiie year ending 30th June,
18 )0, shall cea^e in one hour after the consideration thereof
shall be ret-untcd in the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of iho Union ; when the &aid committee ^hall pro-
ceed, under the rules, of the Hou«e, to vote on bueh amend-
ments as may he o fie red to said bill.
Mr. VINTON demanded the previous question,
which was seconded; and the main question was
ordered, and having been taken, the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. HAMPTON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, made a report.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House then
again resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Morehead, of
Kentucky, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the fortification bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, then addressed
the committee, mainly m repiy to a speech of a
general character delivered some weeks ago by
Mr. Hunt, of New York.
Mr. HUNT, during the few minutes yet re-
maining for debate, rejoined.
[The Speech of Mr..Brown, and the remarks of
Mr. Hunt, will be fotand in the Appendix.]
The time allotted for debate having now ex-
pired—
The hour allotted to debate having expired, the
committee proceeded to vote.
The bill was read l^y sections, for amendment;
and no amendment having been offered—
On motion of Mr. STANTON, the committee
rose and leported the bill to the flouse.
The question being on the engrossment— ,
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
which was seconded; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tune.
Mr. KAUFMAN objected to the third reading
to-day.
The SPEAKER. The bill has already been
engrossed: therefore, it is in the power of the
House to stty when they will order it to a third
reading.
Mr. VINTQN moved that the bill be put on its
passage at this time; and on that motion moved
the pi evious question.
Mr. IvAUFMAN. Have I not a right to object
to its third reading to-day?
The SPEAKER. No; not if the bill is en-
grossed. The rule of the House provides, that the
bill must be engrossed; and then it is for the House
to determine when it shall be put upon its passage.
The picvious question was seconded, the mam
question oidered, and the bill was read a third
time and passed.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, a motion made by
him to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WHITE asked leave to report, from the
Committee on Agriculture, a bill to establish a
Home Department.
Objections were made, and the bill was not re-
ceived.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, asked leave to
introduce a joint resolution for the distribution of
the Official Register.
Objection was made, and,
On motion, the House adjourned.
ofland may be made by Congress to nid in «onsttueting a
railroad connecting the upper and lower Mississippi river
with the. northern lakes at Chicnco.
By Mr. BRIDGES: ^he petition of divers citizens of *
Bucks county, Pennsv Ivania, praying for a more judicious
system of the parent law-?.
By Mr. BLACKMAIt: The petition of 74 citizens of Sen-
eca county, New York, asking ihe reduction of postage and
the abolition of the franking privilege.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of Stetson Raymond and 33
others, inhabitants of Bridgewatf r, for cheap postage and
the abolition of the franking privilege.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and K-feired :
By Mr. POLLOCK: The petition of Joseph R. Priestley
and 41 otheis, citizens of A'oithumberland county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking a i eduction ot postage and the abolition of the
inuiking piivih-ge.
.By Mr. HMiTH, of Illinois: The petition of J. M. Wood-
side and other citizens ot Perry county, Illinois, p rayingjor
a donation of land to aid in the construction ot a railroad
connecting the upper and lower Mississippi river with the
northern lakes at Chicago. Aho, the petition of It. F. Wil-
son and other citizens of New York,praying thatadonation
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 12, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
in reply to a resolution of the Senate of December
28, 1848, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
the Treasuiy in relation to the number and cost of
vessels, and number of persons employed in the
survey of the coast of the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secffetary of War, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
18th January,with axeportfrom the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs in reference to claims made against
the Cherokees, who we^| parties to the treaty of
the 6th of August, 1846; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT hid before the Senate
a. communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting copies of the official Army Register, for the
use of members of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting a list of contracts entered into by
the department during ihe years 1847 and 1848;
which was read, and ordered to he on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
reports from the Auditor of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and of the First Auditor, in the case of Jen-
nings, Roddey, and Carter, in reply to a resolution
of the Senate of II th of August last.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented a pe-
tition from a number of citizens of New Orleans,
praying for a modification of the laws relating to
postage; which was read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Orifice and Post Roads.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a memorial from
President Woolsey, Professor Silliman. and other
gentlemen engaged in scientific pursuits, asking a
republication, in liberal editions, of the elaborate
( and instructive reports of the various branches of
! science of the late Exploring Expedition, and of
those yet. to appear, to be placed in the public
| libraiies and colleges; which was referred to the
Commitcee on the Library.
[ Mr. DiX presented a memorial from citizens of
i Leonaidsvilie, New York, praying that certain de-
1 fects in the law for the improvement of the useful
j arts may be remedied; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. FITZGERALD presented a petition from
John McDuell, asking compensation for the use
by Government of his mode of scaffolding in
painting the Capitol; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Schuylkill county., Pennsylvania, asking
for a change in the tariff laws; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition from citi-
zens of Providcncc, Rhode Island, asking for a
reduction of the rates of postage, and the abolition
of the franking privilege; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented a petition from
Wm. Pelhum and others, asking the adoption of
measures for constructing a railroad from Mem-
phis, or some other point on the Mississippi river,
to the Pacific Ocean; which was laid on the table.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition from Robeit P.
Kingsbury, asking compensation for loss occa-
sioned by the refusal of the Mexican authorities to
allow him to dispose of tobacco imported into Mat-
amoros while in possession of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from citi-
zens of the United States residing in the valley of
the Mississippi, asking for the establishment of
military convoys to California; which was referred
