1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
505
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DAYTON" presented a petition from Mary
Saunders, widow of a revolutionary soldier, asking
an increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DIX presented apetition from Ann F. Per-
rine, widow of Dr. H. Perrine, asking,an exten-
sion of time in the occupation of a township of
land granted to Dr. Perrine for the cultivation of
tropical plants; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WESTCOTT presented some documents
relative to the same claim; which were referred to
the same committee.
M r. DA'V1S, of Massachusetts, presented a letter
from A. J. Marsh, a soldier in the Mexican war,
complaining of injustice done to the class of sol-
diers to which he belongs, by not extending to
them the privilege of bounty lands; which was
' referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported, without amendment—
. House bill for the lelief of W illiam Snavely, of
Indiana;
House bili for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Oliver Lee, deceased.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting to the States of Al-
abama and Florida the right of way and adonation
of public lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Montgomery, in the State of Alabama,
to Pensacola, in the State of Florida, and from
thence to the waters of the Tensaw river, Mobile
bay, in the State of Alabama, without amendment.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Committee on
Private Land Claims were discharged from the
further consideration of the bill granting a right of
preemption to Joshua Holden.
Mr. DOWNS, from'the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported House bill for the relief of
Amelia Couvillion, without amendment.
Mr DOWNS, from the same committee, re-
ported House bill for the relief of Sydney Flurer,
of Louisiana, and for other purposes, without
amendment.
Mr. DOWNS moved that these bills be now
considered; but objection being made, the motion
was not received.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, made an adverse report on
the memorial of the General Assembly of the State
of Alabama, in favor of granting bounty lands to
ail soldiers engaged in all the past wars of the
United States; and the report was concurred in.
Mr. DAViS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill to provide
for the classification of the clerks in the military
bureaus, and for other purposes; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an elaborate report on the memorial
of Samuel Colt; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. METCALFE, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported House bill for the relief of
f Josiah B. Pilcher, without amendment.
Mr BRIGHT, from the Committee on Territo-
ries reported a bill for the relief of John P. Duvall;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported House bill for the
relief of Mary B. Dix, without amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON moved that the Senate nowpro-
ceed to the consideration of this bill; but objection
being made, the motion was not received.
JOHN B. NEVITT.
A bill was received from the House for the relief
of J. B. Nevitt, of Adams county, Mississippi;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr FOOTE moved that the bill be now con-
sidered, and read a letter explaining the facts m
thThe motion was then agreed to, and the bill was
considered, and read a third time and passed.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A bill from the House for the relief of Charles
McLane, of Missouri, was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims. , . .
A bill from the House, for the settlement of the
claims of New Hampshire, was read a ni^t and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
A joint resolution from the House, authorizing
the Secretary of State to increase the number of
copies of the Laws of Congress annually distrib-
uted to the several States and Territories, was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
A joint resolution from the House, for the relief
of pursers in the navy, as to expenditures made
in pursuance of orders, during the war with Mex-
ico, was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
RESOLUTIONS."
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, submitted the
following resolution, which was considered and
agreed to:
Resolcetl, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire whether tile laws granting bounty lands
lequire amendment, in order to do justice to aii persons
engaged m the service.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Met-
calfe on Thursday, was taken up and agreed to:
Resolved, Thattlie Piesidcnt be requested to communicate
to the Senate the pioceeitin^b under the at t of Congress of
the las-t pe^ion, to compensate R. M. Johnson tor the erec-
tion of certan buildings for tile use ot the Ciioctaw Acad-
emy; al o, the evidence of the co t of said buildings.
COURTS IN IOWA.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Senate post-
poned the uwious orders, and proceeded to con-
sider the'fiulto amend an act in addition to an act
for the admission of Iowa into the Union. The
bill was then considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the bill was amend-
ed by striking out all after the enacting words, and
inserting a substitute, which he sent to the Chair,
and which was read and agreed te.
The bill was then reported as amended, the
amendment was concurred in, and the bill was then
read a third time and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The Senate, on motion of Mr. ATHERTON,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1850.
The amendments reported from the Committee
on Finance weie read.
- Mr. BADGER. 1 would suggest to the honor-
able chairman of the Finance Committee that it
was impossible for Senators to hear distinctly the
reading of the amendments and to understand their
scope and impoit. I shall be greatly obliged to
the honorable Senator, therefore, if he will explain
them seriatim.
Mr. ATHERTON. The first amendment is to
strike out" $6,400"and insert." j,5,G00"in the item
for compensation of clerks and messenger in the
office of the Chief Engineer; and to strike out the
words which specify the amount of increase of
each salarv, to the end of the item. It will be
perceived that here is an increase of the salaries
of the chie'f clerk in the office of the Chief Engineer,
as recommended by the Secretary of War. The I
amendment proposes to reduce the amount of the j
whole appropriation to the amount of the original i
estimates, and not to concur in the increase of the
salaries of the clerks mentioned here, as proposed
by the House. The reasons which induced the |
committee to come to this conclusion are these.
It will be recollected that, at the last session of
Congress, there were various clauses introduced
into°the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
reducing the salaries of various officers of the
Government, the Auditors and Comptrollers, and
other officers, who for some time previous had
been doing more woik than at any former period.
The committee came to the conclusion that it was
not proper to reduce the salaries of public officers
in an ar propriation bill, and they amended the bill
accordingly. Here it is proposed to increase the
salaries of the officers in a certain bureau, and the
committee consider it equally objectionable. If
we make the increase in these cases, theie will be
many other applications of the same kind; indeed,
we have already applications from many of the
bureaus for an increase of salaries for tne clerks,
some assigning one reason and some another. 1 he
committee, therefore, thought it would be a sate
rule to say that w;e will not increase nor dimmish
the salaries of the clerks as now established by
law. If there is a necessity for an increase of salary,
let it be done by a separate bill; because, as I said
before, it would lead to great injustice to take up
particular cases and act upon them, and lay aside
all others in which, perhaps, as good reasons might
exist for an increase of salary as in those acted
upon. •
Mr. BADGER. Allow me to ask whether the
increase of salary has been recommended by the
head of the bureau, or of the department?
Mr. ATHERTON. It was^recom mended by
the Secretary of War.
The second amendment is to strike out the pro-
viso to the first item, under the head of "Navy
Department," ivhich is in these words:
Provided, That it shall be, and hereby W, made the duty
of the Secretary ol the Navy forthwith to publish an order
to abolish tile practice of whipping in the navy.
Now, in the judgment of the Committee on
Finance, they did not suppose that this was a fit
subject for legislation in an appropriation bill, in-
troduced as it was in an item of appropriation for
the salary of the Secretary of the Navy and the
clerks and messengers in-his office. They had no
means of coming to a conclusion satisfactory to
themselves upon the subject, and they submit
whether, if the rule is to be established, it does not
more appropriately come under the consideration
of the Naval Committee? The provision involves
, a material change in the discipline of the navy,and t
! the committee are of opinion that it ought not to
! be adopted in this indirect and hasty manner, but
that it ought to be the subject of careful and special
legislation. They desired me to move that the
proviso be stricken out.
As to the next amendment—being a miscellane-
ous item in these words: " For sewer under ]5th
street, $2,160, to be expended under the direction
of the Topographical Bureau"—I refer the Senate
for an explanation to my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter,] who was itj author.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment alluded to by
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire is
found necessary in order to the completion of a
sewer in 15th street, in this city.
Mr. ATHERTON. The next amendment of
the committee is to strike out the following words:
"For payment to Ezra Williams, a clerk in the
bounty land division of the General Land Office,
for extra service rendered out of office hdurs, five
hundred dollars."
The committee supposed that it would bea dan-
gerous precedent to inseitin the civil and'flfpto;
inatic bill a clause providing compensation to a
cleik for extra services out of office hours. There
may be some applications made by clerks to their
friends—if they happen to have friends in either
House—based upon what appear to be very good
reasons for extra compensation; but if we allow
the compensation asked for in the manner proposed
in this bill, it seems to me that we are in danger of
doing great injustice to clerks who have similar
claims, but, owing to a want of friends or other
necessary reasons, have not presented them. I
understand there ore many clerks who have, or
think they have, as good reasons for payment for
extra service as this individual.
The next amendment proposed by the committee
is to insert, after the item for the support of insane
paupers of the District of Columbia, the following:
For the support, care, and medical treatment of twelve
tran.-ienl paupi rs, medical or surgical palieuis. in ihe Wasli-
iu^ioii Infirmary,<32,00J; to be expended uudei Uiedueelion
ot=lhe Commissioner ot Public iiuilding*: Piomicd, The
' phjsicians anlisuigeonsol the aforesaid Intiiinarj gi\e bonds
1 lor the maintenance ol' twelve pauper transient pain nts
during one year, if appiieation he m,nle ior their reu ptlon;
or bind themselves to keep looms ior the accommodation
of twelve pauper pjueuta weekly, on an average, dmiug Hie
year.
This, sir, is a provision similar to one introduced
, in the appropriation bill of last year, which I con-
sidered important to be continued, because these
' persons—in pursuance of the clause in the bill of
! Ust year—were under treatment in the hospital,
j and unless some provision is made for their con-
tinued relief, will be thrown at large for medical
assistance upon the public, as tiiey could not be
i retained without an injury to those who sustain
the hospital. The supporters of this hospital
would scarcely be justified in turning these patients
out upon the public; and if they are obliged to
keep them, it will be at their own expense, and of
course to their detriment. It seems but just that
the provision, having been inserted last year, should
be continued in force in the bill making appropria-
tions for the present year.
