1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
nessing human suffering:, that they carefully ab-
stain from interposing any humane regulation ? I
am sure, sir, that on reflection the Senator from
New Hampshire, who i am satisfied can have no
intention of doing; injustice to those gallant officers
or to the service, will perceive, that in using the
expressions he has used in the haste of debate, he
has done injustice, and that it is due to himself to
modify and leduce these expressions. Weil, what
else has the Senator offered for the purpose of
showing the existence of these abuses? Why, it
is said by him that as long as officers are mere
men, ana power is conferred upon them, that power
will be abused. That is a proposition that will not
be disputed. But the case of the officers of the
navy furnishes no greater example of this than
is to be found elsewhere. Ail power will be oc-
casionally abused as long as it is vested in the
hands of beings with like passions as ourselves,
but no more abused by them than it will be abused
• by us. Why should it be so? They are men of
as high principle, of as honorable feelings, and a
■very large proportion of them are men of as hieh
intelligence as we are. Why, then, should we
suppose that this power in their hands would
oftener be abused than power in the hands of any
other class of men ? Sir, there is no reason to sup-
pose it; and hence the argument that this power
must be abolished, must be annihilated, because it
is subject to occasional abuse, would be equally
valid and forcible for the abolition of all laws. But
society cannot exist without the possession of
power in some quarter or other, to be exercised
for the general welfare; and we are obliged to
submit to the occasional abuse of power in order
to avoid the greater evil of anarchy. That is the
ground upon which all power is vested in the
hands of men over their fellow-men.
But I was very sorry to hear the Senator from
New Hampshire make one statement that he did
make. I hope he will see reason to qualify that'
statement, i hope he will letract it. The Sen-
ator has said that the possession of this power
is calculated to produce mutiny, and that it ought
to produce mutiny. He has given his Senatorial
sanction, in his place on this floor, to encourage
the Sailors in our navy to mutiny against their
officers; and when, hereafter, on some distant
cruise, it shall be found necessary to exercise this
fower for the control and discipline of the ship's
crew, and unfortunate and misguided men, misled \
into a mistaken resistance of that authority, shall
be called to pay the forleu of their lives for it, as i
they certainly would be, I pray the honorable '
Senator to reflect how remotely or immediately, |
though undesignedly, this very speech of his may j
.have made him a participant in shedding the blood I
of those unfortunate men; and that they will be |
able to say before the tribunal that tues them,
"We did but resist an authority which, in the
Senate of the United States, on the high authority
of a distinguished member of that body, speaking in
his place and before the'country, we were told we
ought to resist; and shall we be dragged to death,
liumbie, ignorant, and unenlightened as we are as
to our rights, and incapable of defining them for
ourselves, and understanding to what extent we
should be subjected to authority, .when we have
done nothing except what we were told by an hon-
orable Senator, on the floor of the Senate, that we
had a right to do and ought to dor" 1 hope the
honorable Senator from JNew Hampshire is, and I '
doubt not that he is, sincerely anxious to preserve I
to the country our glorious navy, and sincerely
anxious to keep it a. useful portion of the great '
machinery by which this Government is earned j
on. But it cannot be otherwise useful than by :
enforcing obedience, from the highest officer to the 1
lowest m the service, absolute obedience. Upon }
the same argument which I hear urged by the :
Senator, the inferior officers might be called on to i
mutiny; for what, it might be asked, is more degra- j
ding than that one man should move and act and '
speak and live and do, under the contiol and bid- j
ding of another man no better than himself? It is j
degiadmjr, it might be said, to a young midshipman !
to submit to the absolute control of a lieutenant in I
the service; and it might be asked why he is thus 1
degraded? But is it so ? Is it believed to be so by 1
tho^c having understanding mmds, who have been 1
trained up in the service? No, sir. They realize the j
necessity for submission toauthority; they believe ;
that nothing that is necessary to the service of the \
country should be considered degrading to a citi- \
zen of the country, and therefore willingly and
cheerfully do theylsubmit. Sir, I know the readi-
ness of their spirits; I know the promptness with
which their once free wills are subordinated to
what they consider just authority; and so far from
submission being discountenanced by them, they
would feel it to be a foul blot on their escutcheon
if their brother officers could say td them, You
have been disobedient to authority. And should
that disobedience occur, permit me to tell the hon-
orable Senator that there is no corporal punish-
ment that would inflict so great a pang on the
heart of an officer whose resource is his profes-
sion, and whose character is his wealth, as the
charge of insubordination; it would inflict pain j;
upon his heart, compared with which the corporal j<
suffering of the idle or the vicious sailor, and upon jj
such only does punishment fall, is no more to be jj
regarded than the idle winds. Sir, there is obliged !■
to be this subordination in the service. For more j1
than half a century this punishment has existed, !
and during that time, sir, never has there been |
known in the world a navy so fiee from rebel- I
lious opposition, whose character and the conduct ■
| of whose seamen have been so generally com- I
i mendable, almost universally marked as it has !
j been by a ready and cheerful obedience, and con- Si
| seqoently so capable of performing the service of [I
! the country with success, as the navy of the Uni- tj
{ ted States. |!
j Now, for aught I know, it may be true that this !
j punishment ought to be abolished; but the Senator !j
j from New Hampshire has not stated asingle reason ||
5 for it. He says the punishment is degrading. So ji
j it is. It Is necessary to inflict a punishment of
; degradation often. They deserve punishment who
i w;illfully violate the law, and the nature and charac-
j ter of punishment must always carry degradation
I with it when the offence itself is degrading; and,
| after all that has been said—though no doubt this
i power, like every other, has been abused—as a
j general rule, the honorable Senator will find this
I to be the case, that a sailor who has once served
i as a man-of-war's-man, whose term has expired,
1 and who has an opportunity of reentering, in nine-
1 ty-ninc cases out of a hundred gives it a decided
j preference over the merchant seivice. They know
| what it is; and if, as a body, they have so suffered
! as to be placed in a condition to feel that they
' ought to mutiny, they would not voluntarily re-
turn into the service and submit themselves to its
on board one ship, in a cruise -of three months, a
period not exceeding*mnety days, nine hundred
lashes were administered, which makes about ten
lashes a day. Well, i do not know precisely how
many ships thete are in commission; i suppose
thirty or forty. Let it be thirty. Then you will
i have three hundred lashes of the cat-o'-nine-tails
| for every day in the year on the backs of American
| seamen; and I think that will yield a stream large
enough to illustrate my argument in blood. Now,
! that is what i did say. If the report is not true,
j I am not responsible for it; if that is not a fair
; average, 1 am not responsible. But if it be true,
i and if the average be a fair one, then I say i am
; correct. Now, how much humanity is there about
• that? The Senator says that. I have not brought
j facts to substantiate my position, but that 1 have
j indulged in declamation, that I have used rhetorical
figures. Well, sir, I should be perfectly willing
to hold my tongue, and let the cat-o'-mne-tails,
clotted with the blood of American seamen, speak
for me.
Well, there is anothcg suggestion that I made,
which seems to horrify the honorable Senator,
which is, that this practice of flogging is calculated
to produce mutiny, and that it ought to produce
mutiny; and the Senator calls on me to reconsider
and to reexamine this assertion, and to retract it.
Sir, if theie is any one lesson which I have been
taught more than another, and which I will retain
longer than another, and be most anxious to trans-
mit to those who come afier me, it is, that re-
sistance to tyranny is obedience to God," let it
come whence it may, let it come from whom it
may. Instead of retracting that, I wish-I had a
voice that would reach the hold of every ship in
which an American seaman suffers, and I would
pronounce in his ears the words, if resistance to
tyranny is obedience to God;" and when the turn
comes to you, whether it come with law or without
law, remember your origin, your birthright, re-
member the history of your country, and remem-
ber your free institutions, that give value to the
inheritance which you possess. Those institu-
i tions are the production of the sentiment that
| resistance to tyranny is obedience to God. And,
sir, if those men have human hearts, they will learn
the lesson, and they will practice upon it.
Well, now, something is said about the necessity
for it. Why is it not administered to midshipmen
as well as sailors? Ah! that would not do at all.
If 1 have read history aright, it is not many years
exactions. I think you will find, or that it might
have been found, if the matter had been brought ij since midshipmen in the English navy were'sub-
before a committee for investigation, as the lm- h jected to punishment by the rope's-end in common
portance of the subject demands,•that there are j with sailors; and it was during that time that Great
but few men in the naval service, in comparison j Britain attained eminence as the mistress of the
with the large number belonging to the navy, who j sea.
ever fall under the necessity of being punished, jj Mr. BUTLER. I would ask the honorable
and the example which is witnessed is not for the
good and faithful, but for the unruly and vicious,
The example thus set, when the subordinates are
found and brought sometimes to punishment, is
absolutely necessary for the government of the
ship, and it is also proper as putting a mark of
distinction between them and those worthy and
gallant tars who faithfully and honestly submit to
the hardships of their condition, and discharge the
duties they owe to the country in whose service
they have voluntarily enlisted.
Mr. HALE. 1 shall not trespass on the atten-
tion of the Senate long; but the Senator from
North Carolina, with that ability by which he is
distinguished, has undertaken to wield against me
the weapons of ridicule, because I say that I have
no reverence for anything human. The remark
was made in connection with this other remark,
that 1 thought the Senator paid undue reverence to
things that were old, to customs that had been long
continued. But I mi^ht make the remark absolute,
and yet not touch the practice which the Senator
from North Carolina defends—that-is, the practice
of flogging in the navy. The remark, if taken in
its widest sense, would have left that untouched.
Senator if there is not at this time a law which
j allows sailors in the merchant service to be pun-
' ished with the rope's end?
Mr. HALE. There is; and I propose, after
getting through with the navy, to take hold of
that. But I want to do one thing at a time, i want
to wine away this reproach from our navy first.
The Senator from North Carolina said that 1 had
not brought forward facte. 1 have stated that I
would not go into detail, and I do not intend to do
so; all that I intend to do I have already done.
The matter is now before the American Senate
and the country. The House has abolished, as
far as it can do so, the use of the cat-o'-nine-tails,
and it now shelters itself behind us. It has now
the American Senate, with our live bodies and our
immortal souls, as a bulwark for its protection.
This is the position we are now occupying, and
which we will occupy, unless we do justice to this
hunvan misery iU home. It will make but little
difference, however, ultimately, how this Senate
mcty decide the question to-day, because the ques-
tion has gone out to the American public; it has
been mooted, it has been agitated, and it cannot
stand. -It cannot stand against the vehemence of
So much for that, sir. i think that, if the honor- 11 public scorn and indignation. It has been already
able Senator had attended to the leport that we
have received from the Secretary of the Navy, and
to what i said in relation to it, he would have per-
ceived the truth of what I stated m regard to the
severity of punishment which prevails m the navy.
I *ay, if this report be true, and the statement there
given is to be taken as a true average, there is a.
stream of human blood flowing from January until
December. I ask the attention of the Senate to it.
It appears, from the return herein contained, that
disapproved of by the popular voice.
| One word more, sir. The Senator from North
• Carolina complains that this subject has not had
i the attention of a committee. Why, have we not
j had a multitude of petitions on the subject? When
! I had the honor of presenting some the other day,
! I asked to state what they were, and the chairman
■ o'f the Committee on Naval Affairs called me to
! order, and checked me for endeavoring to throw
I light on the subject, because they had already so
