THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT"THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIYES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
< ...  —
subject. We believed, sir, that the proviso had
no business (here, and that such important legis- j
Jation should not be accomplished in that shape.
On this point I concur in much that was said by ,
the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger.] !
I have no ambition, sir, to be classed amongst '
many who aie called philanthropists; and yet, i
sir, 1 should regret to be behind a proper pub- j
lie sentiment; and, lest my opinions on the sub- j
ject of flogging in the navy should be mistaken |
by the vote I shall give on this amendment, per- j
rait 'me to say that I 9m opposed to this mode of j
legislation, either to enact or to repeal laws. The
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire
involves a great and a radical reform; but what-
ever its merits may be, tins is not the way to attain
the gentleman's object. It may be that my disin-
clination to sanction this irregularity may expose
me to the accusation that I am opposed to reforms
which involve questions of humanity; but, sir, I
have been too long in public life to be induced to
.shrink from my duty because by some my motives
may be mistaken.' Here is a proposition—to do
what5 To repeal a specific section of a law? No,
sir; but at one fell swoop, to repeal all acts and
parts of acts that authorize corporal punishment
m the navy. I do not know, sir, the precise effect
of such a provision. I am not sufficiently informed
to enable me to determine the consequence of such
sweeping legislation. I am, perhaps, in the posi-
tion of many other Senators, who do not exactly
know what punishments are tolerated in the navy
that ore designated as corporal punishments. I
presume, sir, that imprisonment on a fare of bread
and water might not inappropriately be called'
corporal punishment. Will you, then, sir, adopt
this amendment hastily—will you legislate on such
an important matter by an amendment to an item
of an appropriation bill—and send your ships to
sea without any power to inflict punishment of
any kind whatever?
But, sir, it is said that the power to inflict cor-
poral punishment is arhitrary and despotic. To
this I reply, that such power is necessary, to some
extent, in both the army and navy. Ail power in
both those'arms of the national defence is necessarily
based on despotism; and it is worthy of the con-
sideration of the best philanthropist how this pow-
er can be exercised so as to combine humanity to
the seamen with the discipline of the navy. I need
. not be told, sir—ifl am I shall not believe it—that
Congress will not keep pace with a correct public
sentiment on sucii a subject. The public will is a
tribunal from which there is no appeal. When
the puhlic will is clearly expressed, not one of us
will be tardy.in obeying its stern behests; and
when public opinion decrees this fhan^e, it will be
done, sir. I know that the public mind is moving:
J do not know that it is matured, I cannot, there-
fore, concur with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire in the end which he seeks to attain, at the
close of a session* and without examination by in-
dividual Senators, that we may ascertain where it
will lead us. He proposes to repeal 'all acts and
parts of acts that permit corporal punishment, and
J fear his amendment would effect much that he
does not intend it should embrace; and hence I
shall vote against it in its present shape. As an
amendment to this appropriation bill, it is out of j!
place. Let the subject go to a committee for ex- j|
amination—a select committee, if you please—let ;!
authentic information be obtained, and let this
public opinion which is moving be gratified if it be |j
possible; but let us do it understanding^, and not \ \
on a momentary impulse of philanthropy, whether j1
real or spurious. When we act, let us act accord- :
ing to knowledge. t |'
Mr. BENTON*. When I first came here, sir,
and long afterwards, nothing was put into an ap- j!
propriation bill but what was authorized bylaw. h
It was then usual for the Committee on Finance to
bring the bill into the Senate and ask the Senate to ;•
take it up and pass it, and the Senate only required j!
an assurance that there was nothing in it but what :<
wasauthoiUed by law, and then in fifteen or twenty jj
minutes ofa morning we passed the bill to supply jj
the necessities of the Government, I wish, sir, to jj
33
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1849.
see our practice come back to what it was at the
time I came here, when nothing was introduced
into an appropriation bill but what was founded on
law; and it is for this reason that I shall vote on
this occasion contrary to my feelings. I an} not
in favor of scourging American citizens. A Roman
citizen could not be scourged, and I believe an
American citizen is of as high an order of men as
were Roman citizens. Roman citizens were em-
ployed both by sea and land, in the army and in
the navy, and there was no scourging; that was
reserved for slaves, for barbarians, for those below
the dignity of a Roman. It may be that some
persons are bfd enough to be whipped, but I ques-
tion if whipping will eifect a reform, f also ques-
tion if it is worth while to make the officers of the
navy the instruments or agents to correct the in-
corrigible part of mankind. U is better, sir, to get
them out of the navy and have nothing to do with
them. 1 feel a deep mortification, sir, in seeing a
man—one who is brave—one who will die in de-
fence of his country either in the army or navy
—tied up and flogged. I feel humiliated, sir, by
such a spectacle; and I should like to have the
subject properly examined. But we cannot legis-
late upon it by an amendment to an appropriation
bill. That is the wrong place, sir, and 1 shall vote
against the amendment on account of the place in
which it is pat.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and rejected, as follows:
S- SYEAS—Me=vr^. Allen, Baldwin, Borland, Bradlmry,
Cameron, Clnrkp, Davis of Ma«sacl)iisett?, Dix, of ;
fowa, Hale, Hamlin, Junes, Metcalfe, Nile*, Underwood, j
Upharn, and Walker—17.
NA1S-—Messrs. Atchison, At!ip«on, Badger, Bp!!, Ber- I
rien, Duller, Calhoun, Clayton, Dnvn of Mississippi, Day- I
ton, Dickinson, Down*, Fif-nerald, Firzpatnck. Foote, j
Gieeite, llannegan, Houston, Hunter, Johncon of Louisiana. 1
Johnson ot'Goor^ia. Mangum. Ma-on, Miller. Phelp*. Hu^k, I
Sebastian, Spruanee, Sturgeon, Turney, Westcott, and i'u- ,
lee—32. :
Mr. ATHERTON then submitted an amendment '
appropriating §1,500 forft survey and examination
of the Potomac river, as recommended by the Sec-
retary of War; pending which—
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
New
..No. 33.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 12, 1849.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. WALLA,CE, of South Carolina, introduced
to the House Mr. McQueen, representative from
that State, vice AlexanderD. Sims, deceased; who
was qualified, and took his seat.
TERRITORY OF MINESOTA.
Mr. SIBLEY, of Wisconsin Territory, rose
and addressed the Chair for a moment or two.
The SPEAKER indicated that he could not
hear the motion which the gentleman was making.
Mr. SIBLEY, leaving his seat, came down in
front of the Chair, and restated his motion—that"
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill to provide for the organization of
the Territory of Minesota, and" that the rules be
suspended, in order that the House might proceed
to the consideration of the said bill, with a view
to put it on its passage.
Mr. BURT said he should feel constrained to
object to this -motion. If the motion weie merely
to discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the consideration of the
bill, he would yield. But he believed that this
was the last day, during the present session, on
which resolutions would he called for.
The SPEAKER said he understood the gentle-
man [Mr. Sibley] to move a suspension of the
ruies. That motion was not debatable.
Mr. BURT supposed, he said, that the motion
to suspend the rules took .precedence of a motion
for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. SIBLEY (scarcely heard) was understood
to express the opinion that the bill was not hkely
to lead to any debate.
The question was then taken, and (two-thirds
not voting isi favor thereof) was decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to suspend the rules,
jj department of the interior.
jj Mr. VINTON rose and said thata long time had
elapsed since the Committee of Ways and Means
ji had been called for reports. He moved that the
ij ruies of the House be suspended to enable him to
j1 make a report from that committee.
!j The question was taken, and the vote stood ayes
t| 80, noes 40.
j So two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
: were suspended.*
Mr. VINTON thereupon, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported a bill to establish
the Department of the Interior, and for other pur-
poses.
The hill having been read twice by its title—
Mr. VINTON said that it did not propose to
j make any appropriation, and it was not therefore
^ necessary that the hill should go to the Committee
i of the "Whole on the state of the Union. He moved
j that it be made the special order for Friday next.
The SPEAKER. A vote of two-thirds will be
j required.
j Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
Mr. VINTON asked the yeas and nays on that
■ motion.
Several members suggested to Mr. Kaufman to
withdraw his motion.
Mr. KAUFMAN said he was perfectly willing
to do so, if the bill might go to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said he trusted the gen-
tleman from Texas [Mr. Kaufman] would with-
draw his motion. He (Mr. C.) was unwilling to
vote on that motion until he could know something
of tHe character of the bill. If the gentleman would
withdraw the motion, he (Mr. C.) would move
that the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. KAUFMAN had no objection, he said, to
the commitment of the bill; but he understood that
the object of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vin-
ton] was, that the bill should at oncc be put upon
its passage.
Several members expkuncd.
Mr. KAUFMAN thereupon withdrew his mo-
tion to lay on the tabic.'
The SPEAKER said that the motion to make
the bill the special order would take precedence
over the motion to commit to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The motion to
commit would be in order after the other motion
had been disposed of.
Mr. VINTON simply desired .to state, that the
bill was recommended by the Secretaiy of the
Treasury, in his annual report on the state of the
finances.
Mr. COBB said he knew nothing of the merits
of the bill; but he knew that it was now too late in
the session to act upon it.
Mr. VINTON said that every gentleman knew
that if the bill was committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, there was an
end of it for the present session. He asked, there-
fore, that it be made the special order for F/tcfcay
j next, for which day, he believed, there was no
! other special order.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, made a remark
i or suggestion, of which nothing was heard by the
i reporter.
! Mr. COBB said that the very reason which had
been assigned by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Vinton] why this bill should be mads the special
I order, was the very best reason why it should not
i be made so. The bill ought not to be called up at
! this late period of the session, and to be acted upon
| without that investigation which could not be given
! to it at this time. lie hoped it would be reierrad.
j to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
! Union, and that it would take its p'ace en the caW
; endar.
! The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
: motion to postpone the consideration of the bill
