514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
until Friday next, and that the bill be made the
special order for that day.
Mr. FICKLIN asked the yeas and nays on that
motion; which were ordered.
TREATY WITH MEXICO.
Mr. STANTON rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He hoped that the House woi'ld this
morning take up the motion, heretofore made by
him, to reconsider the vote by which the message
of the President of the United States, in answer to
a resolution of this House culling for certain in-
formation in regard to the Mexican treaty, had
been laid on the table. He believed lie had the
right to call up the consideration of his motion;
and the decision of the House would determine
what disposition should be made upon the subject.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton,] to reconsider the vote by which the
message of the President had been laid on the
table. That question was not debatable.
The questioil was then taken, and the Chair I
said that the motion appeared to be rejected.
Mr. STANTON called for a division.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired of the Chair whether i
he understood that this motion to reconsider had I
reference to the protocol? ^ - j
The SPEAKER having answered the question '
affirmatively— ;
Mr. STEPHENS expressed the hope that the
vote would be reconsidered; and he asked the '
yeas and nays on the motion, which were refused. ;
The question was then taken on the motion of i
Mr. Stanton, and was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by ;
which the said message had been laid on the table.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR. !
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Vinton, that the bill reported by him from '
the Committee of Ways and Means be made the
special order of the day for Friday next.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the reading of
the bill. And it was read.
Mr. WHITE said it would be remembered that
on Saturday last he desired the indulgence of the
House to allow him to present a report and bill on '■
this subject. The House refused its assent. He;
now asked the general consent of the House to i
introduce a bill and report on the same subject, and I
that it might take the same direction as should be !
given to the bill before the House.
The SPEAKER said a motion to amend would
be in order after the motion to postpone had been
decided.
Mr. WHITE said he was aware of that. But
he asked the privilege of the House to receive his
bill, and to let it take the same direction which
might be given to the other.
No objections appeared to be made.
The SPEAKER said it was impossible that two '
bills should receive their reading at one time. The
question now was on making tne bill reported by .
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinto.vJ the spe- !
cial order of the day for Friday next. And on
that motion the yeas and nays had been ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the .
negative—yeas 105, nays 82—as follows: >
YEAS—VAbbott, Adams, A?Iimun, Barrin^er,
Barrow, Blackmar, John M. Butts, Bnyden, Biadv, Brod-
head, Butler, Cabell, Canby, Chapman, Clapp, Ciinsjman. 1
e. Coll.imer. Conner. Omns.trm I
pliens, Charles E. Stuart, Thibodeaux, James Thompson,
Kobert A. Thompson, Turner, Venahle. Wallace. Went-
worth, Wick, Wiley, Williams, and Woodward—PS.
So two-thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
bii( was not made the special order of the day for
Friday fiext.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Cobb, of Georgia, to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. COBB said, \\e would not detain the House
by offering any remarks. He hoped the bill would
be referred.
Mr. VINTON said it was very clear, from the
vote which had just been taken, that the only possi-
ble chance for the passage of this bill, at the present
session, was, that it be ordered to be engrossed this
day. Every gentleman acquainted with the state
of the business of the House knew, that if the
report the Secretary of the Treasury stated that
many hours of his time every day were necessarily
devoted to the duties belonging to the General Land
Office; and that ill the two-and-a half years pre-
ceding the date of that report he had decided up-
wards of five thousand claims, all of which were
of the nature of judicial decisions—cases of con-
flicting rights between the Government and indi-
viduals—many of which involved property of a
very large amount, and all of which were cases of
the greatest complication, and required the most
laborious investigation to come to a proper decis-
ion. Now, all of these were duties which did not
[ praperly belong to the Secretary of the Treasury,
I and from which he ought to be released. '
| It would be seen, from the report of the Secre-
j tary, that the number of cases brought from the
, Commissioner of the General Land Office to the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia prevailed, f Secretary of the Treasury, amounted every dav to
the bill was as effectually buried as if it were in ! more than five. If any judge or jtu-y were to"de-
the bottom of the ocean. And ^ie same thing cide five disputed cases daily, they would be con-
might be said of the postponement of this bill or
the laying it on the table, or making any other dis-
position of it than the ordering it to be engrossed
at the present time.
He desired, therefore, in a few words to explain
the purposes of this bill, that the House might
understand what was its character and what the
objects it proposed to effect.
/The bill, as it was now presented to the House,
Avas a bill lhat had been reported in pursuance of
the recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, contained in his annual report upon the state
of the finances, communicated to Congress at the
commencement of the present session. It would be
recollected by the whole House that the Secretary
of the Treasury reeommendfed the organization of
a new department of the Government. The pri-
mary purpose of this recommendation, as explained
by the Secretary himself, was not with the view to
create a new department, but it was to give addi-
tional efficiency to the depaitments that were now
in existence. He said in his report that the duties
of the Secretary of the Treasury were so onerous
that it was impossible to discharge the duties of
that great and vital department of the Government
in the way that the public exigencies required. As
a means of relieving the Treasury Department
from the business with jyhich it was loaded down,
he proposed to take from it a portion of the duties .
now discharged by it which did not properly be-
long to the fiscal department of the Government,
and also, to take from other departments of the :
Government upon which, from time to time, had
been devolved duties inappropriate to theirsphere,
sidered to have full employment. It would be
recollected that no case came up to the Secretary
of the Treasury unless it was a disputed case 
unless the party against whom the decision was
made was dissatisSed with the decision of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. If the
party was dissatisfied he appealed, and the appeal
went up to the Secretary of the Treasury, who
was obliged to revise the whole case, and make a
final decision. The Secretory of the Treasury in-
formed him (Mr. V.) that this duty alone occupied
him four hours every day; and gentlemen on this
, floor considered it pretty good woik when they sat
1 here four hours a day; and that, too, a duty which
| had nothing to do with the great, the higher, and
i more impoitant duties that belonged to the Secre-
j tary of the Treasury as the head of the fiscal de-
j partment of the Government.
The Secretary of the Treasury proposed, then,
in this bill, in the fust instance, to transfer the -
General Land Office, with all its clerks, messen-
; gers, and machinery, to the head of this new de-
partment.
In the next place, he proposed to relieve the
Treasury Department from the supervisory power
which it now had over the marshals, clerks, and
other officers of the various ports of the United
States, which gave rise also to a great deal of cor-
respondence and, labor, and which duties did not
properly belong to the Secretary of the Treasury
as the fiscal agent of the Government.
In the next place, the bill and the recommenda- ,
tion of the Secietary of the Treasury proposed to
take from the Secretary of War the supervisory
_ regate them and put them under the charge ! power and control which he now had over the vast
of a new department, which he proposed should and complicated departmentof the Indian affairs of
be called the Department of the Interior. j this Government. That department was origin-
The report of the Secret;! ryof the Treasury was ;j ally put under the charge of the Secretary of War,
;| because there was no Department of the Interior
| or Home Departmentto which it appropriately be-
ll longed. The power of this Government over our
(Indian affairs was derived, exclusively derived
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Under the instructions of that committee, he (Mr.
Y.) had called upon the Secretary of the Treasury,
and among other things he had asked that officer
to put his plan upon paper in the shape of a bill.
He had done so; and here he (Mr. V.) took occa-
sion to make an acknowledgmentwhich he thought
was due to the Secretary of the Treasury, and to
say that that officer had afforded him every facility
in his power for the purpose of carrying out the
objects of his recommendation. The bill, with one
or two unimportant alterations made by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—and to which he
from that clause, of the Constitution which gave
Congress the power " to regulate commeice with
foreign nations, and among the several States, and
with the Indian tii'oes;" and though this was strict-
ly a commercial power, and nothing else, yet for
want of some other appropriate place where to
deposit it, it had been put under the charge of the
Secretary of War, where all appeals from the de-
- and most important decisions—which were
Gott, Greeley, Giecory, Bunnell, Hale, Nathan K Hail'
Y o m (2. Il.imnlAn U ^  TI . . . .> i 3
James (t. Il.unpton, Mosos Hampton, Henry. liiilmrd, Elias i|
B. Holmes', John \\ . Hous-ton, Hubbard, Uudfon. Hunt
Chark\- J. Robr.rt W. Johnson. Thomas I
Uullpr Kin , Darnel P. King, William T. Lawrencc, Levin. '
'.inooln.M U'lav, Mc-ISvaine. Hoiaee .Mann, Miuvin' .1
HoirJjt.td, AluH.ii, .\eLon..Ye\veli, Outlaw, Palfk-v, J
^ndletoc. Peine, Pollock, Preston, ttcjnold*, Julius Rock- I
rell. John A. Koekwei!, Roman, RiWNey. John, Suer- i
-    ,, cisions-   —  
would advert before he sat down—was the bill as | constantly made by the Commissioner of Indian
it came from the hands of the Secretary of the ,j Affairs lay, and which necessarily devolved upon
Bullpr Ki
Lincoln. !\I
Moi
Pe
well
rill, Silverier, Sluwiland. Caleb's iSmitli, Tru.nan Smith,
Stanton. Andrew Strnliin, Strong, J'a'lmad'ie, Tay-
lor, Richard VV Tiiom.o-on, Thnr-ton, Tompkins. Toombs,
Van Dike, hn'nn, tV/m-en, U7/;iC", and VTilfOi"—I«o.
NAYS—'\kw. Atkinson, Bayly, Bwilc. Bedmeer. Bing-
ham, Biri^a'i, Bov.d.w, Bowiin. Ilo\d. Bnd?es, V.'iiliam 6.
Brown, Kurt, Cathpiirt. Chase, Franklin Clark, Bevcilv f,
Clarke, Hmveil William-on U. VV. Cobb, Collin?,
Cummins, IJarlins, i>/imeli, Einbree, t'nran-, Feat;;«-t<m
Ficklin, French, Flit'.-, Coigin, Willard P. Hall, Mammon-',
Haralson, ijarman-on, Harris. Heiilev, Hill, Goniee S.
Houston, Iverson, Jenkins, James It. Johnson. G. VV. Jones, i
r;™.' Renmm Lahm, La Pere, Sidney Lawrence
M-tnn m „ oCi',;Iland; McLane, MeQneen, Job '
Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Morse, Muiahv, Pea-lee. !
Koclhiif"k',l e5'ton> FhclPs, Piisbury, Jiichardjori, Riehey, ;
> s'Wy«> Shepperdj Smart, .Starkweather Ste-
Treasury. It was in truth the treasury plan; it
was the bill of the Secretary of the Treasury; and I
after a thorough and careful examination of the hill, i
he (Mr. V.) was satisfied that no better plan could
be devised.
He would now state in general terms what this ■
bill proposed to do., • It proposed to take from the
Treasury Department the supervisory power over
the General Land Office. The Secretary of the !
Treasury, it would he lemarked, ousht strictly to
he the head of the fiscal department of the Govern-
ment, and his duties ought only to be those which
pertained to the fiscal department. Instead of
that, the supervisory power over the Commissioner
of the General Land Office and over the surveys of
the public lands had,been devolved unon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, which carrieu along with
it the necessity of deciding upon thousands of con-
flicting claims which arose under various treaties ,
made by the United States; so much so, that in his I
necessarily i
the Secretary of War an immense amount of labor
! which was altogether foreign from the appropiiate
' duties of that department as a branch of the na-
tional defences.
| There was a peculiar fitness, as was explained
hy the Secretary of the Tieasury, that the Indian
Bureau and the Land Office should be placed under
i the same head, as the business of the one was
intimately interwoven with that of the other.
In the next place, the bill proposed, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury recommended, that the Pen-
sion Office, which had grown up into a great de-
paitmem, employing a large number of elerks, and
from whose decisions appeals wete constantly
taken to the Secretary of the Treasury, in both its
parts, viz: that part under the supervisory power
of the Seeretasy of War and that under the Secre-
tary of the Navy, should be transferred to the
head of this new department.
The Secretary of the Treasury recommended,
