519
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
fti-dson liichey, Rocktiill, Sawyer, Shepperd, Robcr! Smith,
Starkweather, Charles J5. Smart, R. A. Thompson, Turner:
YenaWe, Wallace, WenlvvorUi, Wick, Wiley, Williams,ana
Woodward—77.
NAY'S—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashman, Bamnger,
Barrow, Belcher, Bfackmar, Rous, Boyden, lirad\, Biod-
ftead, Buckner, Butler, Cabell, Canby, Chapman, Ciapp,
Chngman, Cocke, Cranston, Cfisfield, Crowell, Crozier,
Dickey, Dixon, Donnell, Duer, Garnett Dtmcan, Dunn,
Upkert, Edwards, £r hree> Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans,
Farrelly, Fisher, FSoarnoy, Freedley, Fulton, Gaines, Gayle,
©entry, Gott, Greeley, Gregory, GriniVell, Hale, Nathan K.
Hall, James G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Haskell, Henry,
El Las B. Holmes, 3, W. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt,
Charles J.Ingersoll, Kellogg, Thomas Bntler King, Daniel
P. King, William T. Lawrence, Levin, Lincoln, Maclay,
Mcllvaine, Horace Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead,
Mullhi, Murphy, Nelson, Newell, Nicoll, Outlaw, Palfrey, .
Pendleton, Petrie, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Reynold*, !
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Rumsey, St. ,
John, Schenck, Shertifl, Silvester, Slwgerland, Caleb B. ;
Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton, Andrew Stewart, Strohm, i
Strong, Tailmadge, Taylor, Richard VV. Thompson, Thnrs- ;
ton, Tompkins, Toombs, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren, White, ;
and Wilson—109.
would take the same'direction with this bill so far
as might be without taking a vote. In that event,
it would be understood that the printing of that bill
also would be ordered.
No objection was made.
SWAMP LANDS IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. FEATHERSTON asked unanimous con-
sent (or,, that being refused, moved that the rules
of the House be suspended to enable him) to irj? j
troduce a bill of which previous notice bad been
given.
No objection having been made—
Mr. FEATHERSTON introduced a bill to aid
the State of Mississippi in reclaiming the swamp
lands therein. _ i
The bill having been read twice by its title — i
Mr. FEATHERSTON said, that as it was one
in which all the States were interested, he would i
move its reference to the Committee of the Whole j
on the state of the Union, and that H be made the !
. special order for tlie 20th instant.
The SPEAKER said, that if there was no ob-
So the House refused to commit the bill.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading, (the previous jection, the reference would be made. The motion
question being still in operation.) j fG1- a special order would require a vote of two-
Mr. McLANE appealed to the gentleman from j thirds.
Massachusetts [Mr* Ashmpn] to withdraw the h By general consent, the bill was referred to the
demand for the previous question, in order to ad- jj Committee of theWhole on the state of the Union,
mit tff amendments being offered. j, The question then recurring on making the bill
The SPEAKER said, it was not in-the power of 'j t^e special order-
any gentleman now to withdraw the demand for !j Objection was made.
the previous question. The question was on or-
dering the bill to be engrossed. :
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, asked the yeas nays on !
that question, which were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 111, nays 76—as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, A«hmun, Barrmger, .
Barrow, Belcher, Blackmar, Blaneharcl, Boyden, Biady,
Brodhend, Buckner, Butler, Cabell, Canby, Chapman,
Clapp, Chngnian, Cocke, Collamer, Cranston, Ciisfteld, i
Crowell, Crozier, Dickey, Di\on, Duer, Garnett Duncan,
Dunn, Eckm, Edwards, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, '
Farrelly, Fisher, Flournoy, Fteedley, Fulton, Gaines,
Gayle, "Gentry, Giridings, Gott, Greeley, Gregory, Grinnel!,
Hale, Nathan K. Hall, Jjimes G. Hampton, Mo.-es Ilamp- j
ton, Haskell, Henry, Billiard, Elias B. Holmes, John VV. '
Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoli, '
Joseph R. Ingersoli, Kellogs, Thomas Butler King, Darnel (
P. Kma, William T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mac lay, Mc- ;
Ilvaine7 McLane, Horace Mann, Marsh, Morehead, Mul- !
Hn, Murphy, Ne^on, Newell, Nicoll, Outlaw, Paltrey,
Pendleton, Petrie, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Reynolds,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Rumsey, St.
John. Schenck, Sherrill, Silvester, Shngerland, Caieb B.
Smitn, Truman Smith, Stanton, Andrew Stewart, Strohm,
Strong, Tailmadge, Taylor, Thibodeaux, R- W. Thompson,
Thurston, Tompkins, Toombs, Van Dyke, Vinton, Warren,
■JVhite, and Wilson—311.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Beding^r, Binj;-
Jiam, Birdcall, Bocock, Boyd. Bridges, VV. G. Brown, Burt,
Cathcart, Chase, Franklin Clark, Howell Cobb, VV. R. VV.
Cobb, Cummins, Dam*I, Darling, Donnell, Faran, Feather-
9ton, Ficklin, French, Flies, Goguin, W. P. Hall, Hammons,
Haralson, Ilarmanson, Hariis, Henley, Hill, Geoisre 8.
Houston, Tverson, Jenkins, James H. Johnson, Robert VV.
Johnson, George VV. Jones, Kaufman, Lahm, La Seie, Sid-
ney Lawrence, Leffler, Lumpkin, McPloliand, MrOlor-
mind, McQueen, Joh Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Mor*=e,
Peaslee, Peck, Pettit, PeUon, Phelps, Ptlsbnrv, Kiohpj,
RockhiM, Sawyer, Sheppeid, Smart, Robert Smith, Stark-
weather, Charles E. Stuart, Robert A. Thompson, Turner,
Venable, Wallace, Wentworth, Wick, Wiley, Williams,
and Woodward—76.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. VINTON said, that in order to give the
members of the House an opportunity to examine
the bill, he would move to reconsider the vote by
which it had been ordered to be engrossed, and he
would also move that the bill be printed.
Mr.WENTWORTH suggested that the bill
should stand as it now was, and that it should be
printed.
Mr. VINTON said he preferred that the motion
to reconsider should lie over by general consent.
Mr. WENT WORTH. But the Chair was about
putting the question.
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. STANTON said that his object in voting as
he had done, in favor of the engrossment of the bill,
was that he mighty move a reconsideration of the
vote, with the expectation of having an opportunity
to examine the provisions of the bill.
By general consent, the motion to reconsider
went over, and the bill was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE inquired, whether the bill and re-
port which he had presented would go with the
other bill ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman proposed a
bill, accompanied by a report from the Committee
And the question was taken, and (two-thirds
not voting in the affirmative) it was decided in the
negative.
So the bill was not made the special order.
Mr. FEATHERSTON then, by general con-
sent, changed the reference from (he Committee of ,
i the Whole on the state of the Union to the Com- 1
: mittee on Public Lands.
, MEXICAN CLAIMS.
: Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, under instructions,
1 he said, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
, moved that Senate bill No. 313, being an act to
carry into effect certain stipulations of the treaty
! between the United States of A rnerica and the Re-
public of Mexico, of the 2d of February, 1848, be
! made the special order of the day.
i Mr. S. said that this was a bill raising a commis-
sion to decide upon Mexican claims; and it was
; of high importance that it should be passed upon
I during'the present session. He would, therefore,
under the instructions which he had mentioned, de-
i signate "Wednesday next for its consideration,
j 'The SPEAKER. The motion Will require a
j vote of two-thirds.
Mr. HALL of Missouri, asked for the reading
of the biH. He wished, he said, to vote under-
stardinsly.
i The SPEAKER. The title of the bill will be
; read.
; Mr. CUMMINS rose to a question of order.
| Under the rule of the House, this day was set
: apart for the call of the Slates for resolutions.
! The SPEAKER. And motions to suspend the
; rules are also in order on this day.
A brief conveisation followed between Mr.
' CUMMINS and the SPEAKER.
! Mr, SMITH said he would so modify his mo-
! tion as to designate Tuesday of next week instead
i of the day he had mentioned.
: The SPEAKER. The motion involves a sus-
pension of the rules.; and two motions will be re*
quisite, (except by common consent,) one to sus-
1 pend the rules to allow the motion to be made, and
r the other on the motion itself.
'"<■ Objection wars made.
i: Mr. HALL again asked for the reading of the
j bill; and it was read by its title.
;l Mr. II. inquired if he had not a right to call for
the reading; of the bill itself?
, The SPEAKER said, the title only could be
1, read, except by order of the House.
Mr. SMITH was understood to say, it might
answer the purpase which the gentleman from
1 Missouri [Mr. Hall] had in view, by the reading
of the bill, to state that it proposed to create a com-
mission to adjust Mexican claims.
Mr. HALL said, that gentlemen on the other
: side of the House seemed to be determined that
' no bill should be passed unless its provisions were
■ so shaped as to benefit themselves especially, and
to get the offices. [Laughter.] Gentlemen might
on Agriculture. There seemed to be no objection i| laugh. They could not laugh him out of his posi-
to the bill and report being received; and they ii tion. If a proposition was made in the bill to'
defer its operation until after the 4th of March, he
would not vote for it.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama. Well, let u®
make it a special order, at all events.
The SPEAKER then stated the question.
The rules of the House were suspended to en-
able Mr. Smith to make his motion; and that mo-
tion having been made and agreed to—
The bill was made the special order of the day
for Tuesday week.
PENSIONS TO OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF
THE MEXICAN WAR.
Mr. HARALSON asked leave to offer the fol-
lowing joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
Utvtcd States m Confess assembled, That in all applications
tor pensions by the widows of deceased &nl*ik>rs under the
art of Jtfly 21s-t, 1848, the return* on the rolls of ?he di<$ise
of which the soldier died, and the official opinion of the
Surgeon General founded thereon, thai from the nat re o2
the'di-easo u was contracted while the soldier wa^ hi the
hue of his duty, shall be consuteied satisfactory evidence
ihetfof, without the proof now required at the Pension
Offien ; and that it shall be the duty ot ?he ComrnN«ioner of
Pension", in all cases of application for pensions under said
act,to apply to the pioper officers for said evidence, without
retjumng the applicants 10 furnish the same.
Mr. COCKE objected.
Mr. HARALSON, by leave, briefly explained
the object of the resolution, and said he thought,
when it was understood, the objection w.oukl he
withdrawn. Under the act of 21st July, 1848,
which gave pensions to the widows of deceased
. officers and soldiers of the Mexican war, a regu-
Idtion had been adapted at the Pension Office
which made it necessary for the applicants to prove
'' that the deceased officeis and soldiers died of dis-
' eases contracted in the sine of their duty. Now, it
J was an extremely difficult matter for the appli-
i cant, in many cases, to get hold of this evidence,
' although the evidence was m the possession of the
i[ War Department. The object of the resolution
i was, to require the Commissioner of Pensions to
I refer those applications to the Adjutant General's
office, where was the evidence how the deceased
| officers and soldiers died, and then to the Surgeon
! General, for his opinion as to whether the death
j was occasioned by disease contracted sn the line
: of their duty. This was the highest evidence that
could be adduced, and would save the widows the
I necessity of sending off to remote sections of the
Union, to obtain from officers (who in many cases
j knew nothing of the nature of the disease) that
'I evidence which was in the possession of the de-
;! partment, and which justice to the widow and or-
phan required should be brought to light, and siade
use of. He trusted the objection would be with-
drawn.
The question having been tafcen, the rules were
suspended and the resolution was received, and
read a fiist and second time.
Mr. HARALSON moved the previous question.
! Mr. CUMMINS inquired if the previous ques-
I tion would cut off the motion to refer?
j The SPEAKER replied that it would not if that
I motion had been made.
i Mr. CUMMINS inquired if it could be mauc
! before the previous question was seconded ? ^
! The SPEAKER replied that it could not while
' the motion for the previous question was pending,
i The previous question was seconded, the mam
question ordered, and the joint resolution was or-
' dered to be engrossed.
'■ On motion of Mr. HARALSON, a motion to
i reconsider the engrossment was laid on the !a')'e'
1 JXo objection being made, the resolution was read
1 a third time, and,
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, under the op-
■ era Hon of the previous question, it was passes.
: On motion of Mr. HARALSON, a motion to
I reconsider the vote was laid on the table,
i Mr. COCKE asked and pbtained leave to report
i from the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,
a bill "-ranting five years half-pay to certain wid-
ows and orphans of officers, non-commissioned
! officers, musicians, and privates, both regulars and
1 volunteers; which was read twice.
He said that some time since the Committee
; on Revolutionary Pensions, by resolution of the
i House, had been instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of making further provision for the: wid-
: ows of deceased officers and soldiers. They had
I had the subject under consideration, and had di
| «rted him to report this bill He would briefly
! explain it, and he was sure there could be no oo-
I jectlons to its passage. The act of 21st July,
