1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
521
corps which served in California during the Mex-
ican war; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. _ '
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition fromcitizens
of Lincoln county, in the State of Maine, asking
a reduction of the rates of postage, and that the
franking privilege may be abolished; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAYIS, of Massachusetts, presented a
memorial signed by a large number of presidents
of marine insurance companies, stating that notice
had been given in the Senate of an intention to
ask for the revival of the law of 1818 in relation
to the coast survey, by which the employment of
citizens on the work is prohibited. The memo-
rialists express the opinion that the real effect of
that law would be now, as it was in 1818, to
destroy the organization and arrest the progress
of this important work, and earnestly remonstrate
against any movement that would cause any inter-
ruption of its useful labors, and express the hope
that it will be continued as it is; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Samuel F.
Reed, asking payment for a horse surrendered to
the United States during the Florida war, reported
a bill for his relief, accompanied by a report; which
were ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of the heirs of James Mag-
lenan, asking compensation for a horse lost in the
service of the United States during the late war,
made an adverse report on the same; which was
ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
leferred House bill for the relief of Jas. Y. Smith,
reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended that the bill do not pass.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Samuel Simonton, asking
payment of $800 allowed Isaac P. Simonton, de-
ceased, in a treaty between the United States and
the Saginaw tribe of Chippewa Indians m the year
1837, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a joint resolution to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to make an equitable set-
tlement with the sureties of Robert T. Lytle, late
surveyor general of the district of Ohio.
Mr. C. briefly explained the resolution, and
urged its immediate passage. He said it simply
provides that the proper accounting officer shall
make an equitable settlement with the sureties of
Robert T. Lytle, late surveyor general of the dis-
trict of Ohio, and the Committee on Public Lands
were unanimous in recommending its passage.
The ground upon which relief was asked was
simply this: At the time when the office of the
surveyor general was in default, General Haynes,
being one of the securities, advanced money, which
is amply proved by testimony, to pay the con-
tracts of the surveyor general's office, supposing
at the time, that as the surveyor general had
Eroved a defaulter, it would be credited on his lia-
ilities. All he asks is, that the Government will
give him credit on his bond for the money which
he has paid. These payments, however, which
were prior to the removal of the surveyor general,
were passed by the office by a general title, and
were credited to another bond; and now they were
simply asked to provide for an equitable settle-
ment with him, which it was understood the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, while be-
lieving that relief should be given, had said could
not be afforded without the authority of an act of
Congress. It was desirable, therefore, that this
joint resolution should be passed, and passed speed-
ily, more especially as the business in which Mr. I
Haynes is now engaged requires this settlement,
if it can be effected, to prevent further applications
to Congress.
The resolution was then read a second time by
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. KING inquired if there was any commu-
nication from the department showing precisely
the ground on which this claim rests, and the rea-
sons why it has not been granted ?
' Mr. CORWIN replied that there was, and that
it was among the papers.
Mr. KING said he was perfectly satisfied with
the explanation of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CORWIN added a few words of further
explanation.
The joint resolution was then considered in
Committee of the Whole; and no amendment
having been offered, it was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was subsequently read a
third time, by unanimous consent, and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to which was referred the
petition of Rosanna Maury, widow of John B.
Maury, asking a pension, made an adverse report
on the same; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Ruth Kerr, asking a pen-
sion, made an adverse report on the same; which
was ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was
referred House bill for the relief of B. 0. Payne,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, to'which was referred House bill for the
relief of Noah A. Phelps, reported back the same
without amendment, recommending that the bill
do not pass; winch report was ordered to lie on the
table. ;
Mr. MASON, from the same committee, to which )■
was referred House bill for the relief of John F.
OhI, reported back the same without amendment. I
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on i
Claims, to which was referred the following House j
bills: An act for the relief of Thomas H. Noble |
and an act for the relief of Richard Young, reported j
back the same without amenament, and recom- !
mended their passage. I
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on Indian !
Affairs, to which was referred the bill to authorize
the payment ta the State of Georgia of certain sums
therein specified, reported the same without amend -
ment, accompanied by a report recommending its
passage.
Mr. RUSK- submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be m-
stiiicted to inquire into the propriety of authorizing the
Commissioner ol the Geneial Laud Office to purchase 000
copies of " White's New Recopilaeyjn."
Mr. R. took occasion to call the attention of the
committee to the subject, as one on which it was
The motion was agreed to, and the House bill
•■granting five years' half-p«y to certain widows "of
officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, ^ind
privates, was taken up and read a first and second
time by its title, and it was then considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAYIS said there was one omission in the
bill, which he wished to supply. The bill made
provision for the widows of the officers and sol-
diers of the regular army who had died since their
return to the United States, but it made no provis-
ion for those who remained in the service, and who
have since died without being discharged. This
omission he desired to amend, and hence he moved
to insert the words " or who remained to the time
of their death in the military service of the United
States."
The amendment was agreed to; and, there being
no further amendment, the bill was reported to the
Senate, the amendment was concurred in, and the
question recurred on the third reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD desired that the act should
be read to which this bill refers, and which by its
passage they were to adopt, or that some explana-
tions should be given of its provisions.
Mr. DAVIS said he could'not readily find the
act, but he would state that it provides half-pay
for the widows and orphans of soldiers who have
been killed in the war with Mexico, or died of*
diseases contracted whilst in Mexico afier their
return to the United States. 01' that fact the bill
was explanatory. It also extends the operation -
of the act of 1848 so as to cover the case of widows
and orphans of officers and soldiers who died after
their return to the United States of wounds re-
ceived or disease contracted while in the war with
Mexico, in the line of theii duty, after their leturn.
The sole difference between the two acts is, that,
by this act, if the officer or soldier died in the
United States, after returning from Mexico, while
in the public service, his widow and orphans would
be entitled to the relief afforded by the act of 1848
to the widows and orphans of officers and soldiers
who died in Mexico.
Mr. BORLAND said, if it were in order he de-
sired to submit an amendment to the bill.
The PR.ES1DING OFFICER replied that it was
then too late to submit any amendment.
Mr. BORLAN D said that he should have been
very desirable to. have speedy action, inasmuch as 1, • ^ oftere(fan araendment; and, that tie
it «7«si minnriant tn be in nossession of the fenanish ' o . . . - .. j _ _ . _   j
it was important to be in possession of the Spanish
land laws in relation to California.
After a suggestion from Mr. WESTCOTT, the
resolution was agreed to.
might obtain an opportunity to do so, he would
move a reconsideration of the vote by which the
bill had been drdered to a third reading. The
solution was agreed to. ;nri„i„„ u;™ il amendment which he desired to offer proposed to
Mr. BREESE asked the Senate to indulge him , exten(i the benefit of this act to the widows and or-
i phans of those officeisand soldiers who volunteered
in the war with Mexico, but did not go to Mexico,
by taking up bill No. 415, as it would lead to no
debate and could be disposed of in a few minutes.
It was simply a bill to grant the right of way across
the public lands and to dispose of said land in aid
of the seveial States in the construction of rail-
roads and canals.
The motion having been agreed to, the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole; and no
amendment having been offered, it was ordered to
be engrossed, and was subsequently read a third
time, by unanimous consent, and passed.
Mr. WESTCOTT asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
extend an act therein specified; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
t The joint resolution from the House relative to
I evidence in applications for pensions by widows of
I deceased soldiers under the act of 21st July, 1848,
! was read a first and second time by its title, and
! referred to the Committee on Pensions.
I The House bill making appropriations for cer-
1 tain fortifications of the United States for the year
j ending 30th June, 1850, was read twice by its title,
1 and referred to the Committee on Finance.
PF.XSIONS TO WIDOWS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said that some time
having served on the frontier and in the Indian
country. It was obviously just that some provis-
ion should be made for them, and therefore he
moved a reconsideration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, hoped the honor-
able Senator from Arkansas would not press his
amendment. This bill was merely explanatory of
what was believed to be the true meaning of the
original act, and it was not intended thereby to
extend legislation further; but the amendment of
the Senator from Arkansas enlaiged it beyond the
spirit of the original act, and he (Mr. D.) would
prefer that the amendment should be made the sub-
ject of a separate bill, inasmuch as at this time it
i would embarrass the action of the Senate, and
i| delay the passage of the bill.
| Mr. BORLAND said he believed his amend-^
;j ment would not be any new legislation. It would
'' be remembered, that in the act granting bounty
!! lands for soldiers who served in the Mcxican war,
I it became a question whether it extended to those
;; who served on the frontier, and it gave rise to con-
i, siderable trouble. After some consideration in
/ the department, it was decided that it was designed
for both.* The same question would come up on
since he reported from the Military Committee a this bill; it could not, therefore, embarrass the
.... „ , " t .1 __:.i  ,i   i! Kiii at *i If )f wpi-fi t hp. intention to extend tne
bill for the relief of the widows and orphans of
deceased officers and soldiers who have died since
their return to the United States from the Republic
of Mexico, and that bill now lay on the table.
The House of Representatives had this -morning
sent to the Senate a bill which was almost identi-
cal with the bill of the Senate to which he had
referred; he therefore now asked the Senate to
take up the bill from the House, that it might be
acted upon.
bill at ail. If it were the intention to extend the
bounty lands to thpse who served on the frontier
and in the Indian country, it surely must be the
desi n to extend the benefits of the pension laws
to their widows and orphans. It did not, there-
fore, extend legislation, but was explanatory, so
as to enable the department to extend the act with-
out difficulty and embarrassment. He expressed
the hope, therefore, that as his amendment, wsuld
not change the character of the bill, the reconsfd-
