1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
out an act of Congress authorizing them to do so.
Until recently a great portion of the papulation
consisted of employes and attaches of.this Govern-
ernment, and anything that we gave towards de-
fraying the expenses'of the city only formed apart
of the compensation which we afforded them. Why,
when we brought the offices of the various depart-
ments together to carry on the Government here,
was it possible that they could have sustained the
expense of a municipal government without aid
from Congress.' It is true, the city is now growing,
and it has increased means; but it must be remem-
bered that the. appropriation now asked for is not
asked from the liberality of Congress, but as a meas-
ure of economy on the part of the Government. We
have either to do this or erect a new building, and i
believe this will be the cheapest; and if the gentle-
man from Ohio, or any other Senator, objects that
the terms of the amendment are not sufficiently
explicit, J will go for any amendment that he may
propose to make it moie so. But I suppose it will
be sufficient. Does any man believe that after this
Appropriation is made they will attempt to oust us
from the rooms? If any one is jealous on that
scoie, I will vote with hnn to shape the amend-
ment as it ought to be.
- Mr. MILLER. As one of the committee which
recommended this amendment, I desiie to say a
few woids in reference to it. 1 regret that the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Finance
should have thought it necessary, in connection
with this amendment, to comment upon the ex-
travagance of appropriations by Congiess, or that
he should have endeavored to throw the least pte-
judice upon this claim by reason of the fact that
the treasury would be called on for large disburse-
ments during the approaching fiscal year. I hope
that we shall consider this amendment upon its
own merits; and 1 am satisfied that if the facts of
the case are examined, there will be no hesitation
in the mind of any Senator to grant the appropria-
tion. It will not be found, as stated by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, to be in the nature of a donation to
the city. 1 consider that the facts in this case
justify me in saying, that instead of its being a
donation, or in the nature of a donation, there are
claims and obligations which make it, I think, what
may be called a debt. The Corpoiution does not
come here and ask this appropriation merely for
the purpose of benefiting the city, but they place
it on the ground that the United States, in equity
and in all fair dealing, should pay for'the use of
this property, which they have occupied and en-
joyed for the last twenty-five years Before this
building was erected, the courts of the United States
were compelled to rent the buildings they occupied;
they had to lent buildings for the purpose of a
court room, a jury room, a marshal's office, and a
clerk's office. I do not know the amount of rent
they paid at that time. fX am not informed as to
the precise amount, but I understand it was not
less than one thousand or twelve hundred dol-
lars. This building has been erected by the city,
and paid for from the taxes imposed upon tfce
people of the eity of Washington. It cost the city
about eighty thousand dollars. After it was erect-
ed, the Government, for the purpose of a court
room and a clerk's office and record office, took
possession of about half the building, and has oc-
cupied it from that day to this without having paid
one cent of rent for it. It is true that there was
an appropriation made a few years ago by Con-
gress of ten thousand dollars, but not one cent of
that money ever went into the city treasury. It
was all expended in fitting up the rooms for the
courts and for the accommodation of their records.
And so, sir, this Government, if I may use the
expression, has been living upon the city of Wash-
ington for the last twenty-five years, tor the rents
they would have been obliged to pay, had it not
been for the accommodation thus afforded by the
city, would have amounted to about forty thousand
dollars. From these facts, it is evident that the
-appropriation of this thirty thousand dollars is
nothing more than paying for the accommodation
which we have already had at the expense of the
city. But all the city asks is an amount of money
sufficient to finish the building, to be expended
under the direction of the Secietary of the Treas-
ury, and not one cent of it to go into the treasury
of tlie city of Washington. And for what pur-
pose, after all, is this expenditure to be made?
Why, in order that half, and more than half, of
tjje building may be used and disposed of by the
Government for the accommodation of the courts
of the United States. I, therefore, submit to the
Senate that this is not asking from the Govern-
ment a donation; it is not trying, as the Senator
from Ohio suggests, to account and to strike a
balance between what the Government has received
and what it has granted; it is rneiely asking that
the Government should pay for the use and en-
joyment of property belonging to the city," and
that the money should be appropiiated in s^ch a
manner that the Government may be enabled to
continue in the enjoyment of that property. I
have no objection, as stated by the Senator from
Virginia, that there should be such modification of
the amendment as may be deemed necessary to
secure to the Government the use and enjoyment
of the building as heretofore. I believe that there
will be no objection on the part of the city. There
will be no difficulty about that at all. The city
will grant it cheerfully.
One word, sir, with regard to the claims of the
Government upon the city. It has been stated
here, and 1 think without any facts to support the
statement, that this city is largely indebted to the
Government for appropriations heretofore made.
Sir, 1 think that if the account is ever taken and
the balance struck, it will be found to be largely
m favor of the city. But i do not go into that
question now. It is not necessary. But I beg
leave merely to remark, that I look upon this city
as the city of the Government, created by the na-
tion; laid out, in the first instance, under the author-
ity of the General Government; every street in its
whole extent under the control of the General
Government; one-fourth of the whole property
within it now belonging to the General Govern-
ment, and every department of the Government
interesied in keeping up the municipal accommo-
dations of the city. Every officer of the Govern-
ment is interested in the use of the streets, and in
seeing them kept in proper older and repair.
Every public building which you erect here is ben-
efited by the improvement of the streets leading to
it. Every department of the Government is inter-
ested in the condition of the streets, in having
them properly paved, and in having the city prop-
erly lighted, in regard to all these matters, the j
Government is as much interested as the people of !
the city, inasmuch as the offieeisof the Govern- |
ment have as much the use and enjoyment of these j
accommodations as the people themselves. This |
being the case, it is just and proper that the Gov- :
ernment should bear its full shaie in the expenses i
of the city. I believe there was no difference of j
opinion in the committee upon this subject.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 have always been inclined
to the opinion that the appropriations made to this
District have, to say the least, been very generous
on the part of the General Government; and, as
1 acquiesce in sentiment with what fell from the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] 1 have thought
proper to prepare an amendment which 1 think
will meet the views of the Senator from Virginia,
and will so qualify the appropriation as to meet
the views of other Senators. I propose to strike
out that portion of the proviso which says that
t( certain rooms shall be used for the benefit of the
courts of the United States," &c., and insert14 and
conveying to the United States a portion of the
building," &c.
Mr HUSK. I hope the amendment will not be
adopted. All it should be desirable to secure for
the judiciary of the District is the use of these
rooms, after the improvements have been made
upon the building. The judiciary have had the
use of this building now for twenty-five years,
without any interruption; nor can it be appre-
hended for a moment that the Corporation of the
city will turn out the judiciary, after having occu- '
pied this place for so long a time. It is useless, j
m my opinion, to have two ownersof the property,
or to increase the liability of the Government as to
expense in relation to the use of'the rooms. Who j
would be the most economical owners of this \
building, and keep it in tiie best oider, the Con-
gress of the United States or the Corporation of ;
the eity, who have always had charge of it? It '
cannot be doubted that, under the control of Con- J
giess, the expense attending the repairing and j
keeping m order the building would be much i
gi eater than if the Corporation of the city were to |
have charge of it. In the charge of Congress the !
making of appropriations for the benefit of the J
building would doubtless be in accordance with j
I the designs, and accrue to the benefit of contract-
;j ors, who would be constantly coming forward with
■ i some new scheme of improvement, and making
application to members of Congress for aid in ob-
taining such'contracts as they might desire.
Mr. DAVIS, of Masssachusetts. I trust this
amendment will not be adopted. 1 have, for one,
no desire that the Government shall go into part-
nership in ielation to this building. It is better, I
think, that one of the parties using the building
should own it. I shall vote for the original prop- "
osition to amend the bill, and make this appropri-
ation with the greatest cheerfulness, believing not
only that it is the duty of the United States to do
so, but that there is an obligation resting upon the
Government, after the use they have had of the
building, to make such appropriation for repairs
as will prevent its going further to decay, and
remove what has been an unsightly object during
the entire period that I have been in the habit of
residing here.
Mr. J\TILES. I do not rise fo oppose this amend-
ment; I suppose such opposition on my part would
be unavailing. I desire simply to say a word or
two in reference to it This matter stands precisely
where my friend from Alabama, [Mr. King,] a
man of taste, has placed it; and, as the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] concurred with him
in this matter of taste, the question is submitted t<5
the judgment of the Senate of the United States
whether we will or will not appropriate some thirty
thousand dollars to embellish this miserable old
shell of a building, and place it m a condition con-
forming to the taste of the Senator from Alabama,
who has been all over Europe, and had the most
perfect models of architecture presented to his view.
I am altogether at issue with my friend from Ala-
bama; for 1 believe there are some things too bad
in the world to be mended. It has been an eye-
sore to every citizen~of the United States who has
visited this city. Now, if this was an appropria-
tion to pull down and remove the building, I would
vote for it gladly; anything to get rid of this poor,
miserable monument of the folly of an age of
speculation, for it was erected under the influence
of the high-pressure excitement of 1835 and 1«36.
The fact of its erection at such a period is some
excuse for the Corporation of this city, I admit.
The building is three times the size necessary for
the purposes for which it was originally intended*
and has been put up m a style unknown m ancient
or modern times. What plan this building was
modeled after, I cannot, for my part, discover;
at least it would not be idolatry to warship it, for
it is not in the shape or form of anything on the
earth, or under the earth, or in the sea. The
building is a mere shell, and the inside is in har-
mony with the outside. I have been filled with
amazement, upon visiting the building, at its de-
crepit and worn-out appearance; and I consider
that it is fit for nothing, and never can be fit for
anything. This money thus proposed to be appro-
priated I consider as completely thrown away.
The sum is quite sufficient to build a new edifice,
ample and comfortable for the use of courts of the
District; and if such a building is wanted, I am
willing to appropriate it to that purpose.
Sir, let this old shell moulder away; let it stand
where it now is until it can stand no longer, as a
monument of that period of speculation and folly
which swept over the whole countiy, spreading
desolation an<d rum m us track. We are told that
a wise man, before he undertakes to build a house*
counts the cost; but, in tins case, the wise men of
this capital did not count the cost of this building*
and found that they could not complete it. In fact, i
think that so much of the building as is now erected
was built upon credit, in an age of credit; and whea
the credit of the Corporation failed, the completion
of the building was necessarily postponed. Let it
stand, then, sir, as a monument of the excellency
of the credit system, unless the city authorities
choose to remove it. I would not expend thirty
thousand dollars on a thing that can never be ben-
eficial, or useful, or ornamental, even if embel-
lished in accordance with modern and fashionable
taste.
The City Councils ought to have the credit of it,
and I would leave it to them, either to suffer it to
stand as a monument of their folly, or to lemove
its unsightly aspect from the view of all visiters
to this city. If accommodations for the courts are
requited, let us provide them in a reasonable way,
as reasonable men should do. Let us not, m the
