1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
at this question as we would look at it if it were
our own money we were expending, I apprehend
there is not a Senator here wtio would vote for the
proposition, not one. I think if we have thirty
thousand dollars to expend we ought to expend
it upon a building suitable for the public service.
Money appropriated for this building, in my judg-
ment, is money thrown away.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Thequesdon recurring on the amendment to the
bill-
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Benton, Beriien,
Butler, Clarke, Oorwiti, J)avi.-* of Massachusetts, Dajton,
1!ix, 1 ,'uwiw. Fitzg(imld, Ponto, Greene, Hale, Hanneaan,
Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Lom-iana, Johnson or Geor-
gia, Junes, Kin£, Mangutn, Mason, Metcalfe, Miller, Pearce,
Kusk, Spi uance, Underwood, Upham, Webster, Weatcott,
and Yulee—.3,).
1VAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison,' Atheiton, Boiland,
Bradbmy, Breese, Bright, Caineton, Davis ot Mississippi,
Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Niles, Se-
bastian, Tutney, and YValkei—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, offered an amend-
ment, the nature of which is partially disclosed in
his explanation of its object, (as reported below.)
[In relation to this amendment, and in other
cases where amendments are not given, the re-
porters explain that it is impossible for them to
attempt to give such items correctly, as they can-
not distinctly hear them lead, and as they have
not at all times access to the record to obtain
them.] ■
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I will just state
that I am instructed by the Committee on Com-
merce to offer that amendment. This is a small
light-boat, which has been maintained at a place
which lies in the track of commerce passing from
New York to the Stonington terminus of the
Providence and Stonington tailroad, and thence to
Boston. This is a track of commerce through
which a large number of vessels pass, and, among
others, there are two steamers of the first class
passing every night, which cairy a very great num-
ber of passengers, who are transported over this
route to and from Boston and New York; a route
over which, it is probable, a greater number of pas-
sengers travel than almost any other in the Union.
The necessity for this light-boat is such, that,
during the period of time specified in the amend-
ment, these two companies have kept it up at their
own expense, finding it indispensably necessary
to have a light-boat upon that spot. In 1838, Con-
gress was so satisfied of the necessity of having
. some light there, that they made provision in a bill
for that purpose; but that bill failed to become a
law. Last year Congress renewed the appropria-
tion, and directed alight-boat to be made and main-
tained there at the expense of the Government.
Congress has, in one other instance besides these,
expressed its opinion of the necessity of some im-
provement of this sort as a facility for navigation.
They passed a law making provision—I do not
recollect the exact date—for the erection of a light-
house or light-boat there, but, owing to some dis-
agreement among the officers of the Government,
in regard to the selection of the spot where it
should be placed, that appropriation run out. Con-
gress has, therefore, expressed its opinion three
times, at least, that something of this sort is neces-
sary.
Well, sir, this light has been kept up for the
public accommodation during this time by those
two companies, at theexpense named m the amend-
ment—something like ten thousand dollars. A
similar case was presented here some few years
ago_m 1846, I think—for keeping up a light by
the insurance offices of Philadelphia, upon the
breakwater at the mouth of the Delaware, it was
thought to be reasonable, and Congress passed a
law making provision for that purpose, and they
were paid tor this service. This being, as I have
already indicated, a matter very material m its
character, lying upon a great highway, where not
only these steamboats, but other vessels, in great
numbers,pass, and Congress having decided, again
and again, that there ought to be a light theie, it
w$s thought reasonable by the Committee on Com-
merce tliat provision lor that purpose should be
made. With this explanation, 1 leave the subject
to the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 13,1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read. A portion
of it, which was subsequently called m question,
is as follows:
" Mr. Wallace moved that the rules be suspended for
the purposed enabling him to present joint resolutions ot
the Legislature of the State ofSouth Carolina, in opposition
to the principles ot the Wihnot piovis-o.
"And the question being put, Shali the rules be suspended?
it wiia decided in the affirmative—two-thuds voting in favor
theieof.
" Mr. Wallace accordingly presented the said resolu-
tion^, and having obtained special leave fur that puipo&e,
proceeded to address the House in regard to them.
u Alter which, the said i evolutions vveie laid 011 the table,
and oidered to be printed."
Mr. HAMPTON rose to ask the consent of the
House to offer a resolution.
Mr. ASHMUN rose to a correction of the Jour-
nal. He noticed that the Journal in giving an ac-
count ot the presentation of certain resolutions from
the State of South Carolina, went on to recite that
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Wal-
lace,] by "special leave" was permitted toaddiess
the Mouse. He "wished to have the Journal cor-
rected in this respect: it should state that the gen-
tleman asked the indulgence and courtesy of the
House to address the House, and no objection was
made.
He wished to have another fact appear upon the
Journal: that subsequently, and before the resolu-
tions were disposed of, he (Mr. A.) attempted to
address the House upon the same resolutions, and
it was objected to by the gentleman from Maiy-
iand,Mr. McLane.
He moved to amend the Journal accordingly.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will reduce
his motion to writing, the Chair will put it to the
House.
Mr. ASHMUN. I have had no opportunity to
reduce it to writing. 1 have just heard the Journal
read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
when a motion is made, it is always entered upon
the Journal. The Chair did not understand the
gentleman from Massachusetts to make any mo-
tion.
Mr. ASHMUN. Precisely as much as the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. The gentleman from
South Carolina asked the indulgence of the House
to address the House; it was granted without ob^
jection. There was no special leave. He wanted
it understood that it was without objection; but he
did not wish it to be understood that objection was
made to the gentleman from South Carolina ad-
dressing the House, but that he proceeded by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, desired to know
of the gentleman from Massachusetts who objected
to his (Mr. Ashmun's) proceeding?
Mr. ASHMUN. The ge-ntleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. McLane.] He is so reported in the
" Globe."
Mr. HOUSTON (continuing) said, as to the first
correction of the Journal to winch the gentleman
from Massachusetts alluded, the Journal certain-
ly stood correct as to the facts as he (Mr. H.)
understood them yesterday. No member of this
House could discuss the merits ot petitions or of
resolutions hfe may introduce without tiie special
leave of the"House; and if the House by its acqui-
escence gives special leave, as it did to the gentle-
man from South Carolina, why,ceitamly the Jour-
nal spoke the truth, if that special leave was given
by an affirmative act, by a unanimous vote ot the
House, or it it was given by universal consent, by
general acquiescence, it was the same thing, and
special leave was given. Special leave was neces-
saty under the rules of the House, and it was
given. The Journal, theiefore, coircctly stated
the point as he understood it.
As to the point ot objection being made to the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts proceeding to ad-
dress the House, he (Mr.H.) was totally unaware
ot that. He did not know that any objection had
been raised. He knew that the gentleman hom
Illinois, [Mr. Wextu orth,] who trequently got
"• ahead of the music," alluded to tlT&-Jact that ob-
jection had been made on ihtsstdeol the House.
Mr. WEINTWORTH, (in ins scat.) No; be-
hind it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, it is quite immaterial
whether the gentleman is behind or befoie it. He
certainly is very seldom in the right place.
Mr. WENTWORTH, (in his seat.) In your
opinion.
Mr. HOUSTON, (continuing.) He is certainly
very seldom where he ought to be.
But as I understood, there was no objection to
the gentleman from Massachusetts proceeding. I
do not know what the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. McLane] might have done; but certainly
there was no objection in this quarter of the House
to the gentleman's proceeding.
Mr. FULTON. The Speaker, I understand,
has decided that the Journal shall be corrected, as
far as it relates to the gentleman from Massachu- •
setts  
The SPEAKER, (interposing.) No. The Chair
has not so decided. It is for the House to maUe
the correction. The Chair will put the question to
the vote of the House.
Mr. KAUFMAN insisted that the proposed
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
be reduced to writing.
Mr. ASHMUN. If it is insisted upon, I will
reduce it to writing.
The SPEAKER. No business can be done
until the Journal is corrected.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I understand the state
of things to have been as the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has stated. I supposed that the gentle-
man was going to make a reply to the gentleman
from South Carolina. I wanted to hear him, and I
was very sorry to hear the gentleman from Mary-
land object. Under these circumstances I sani
what I did yesterday, m the hope that the gentle-
man would withdraw his objection. He did not
do so. As to my being outof my place, as the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] says, why,
it is well known that the gentleman and myself
are seldom togelher.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts simply said he wantpd the first line of
the first resolution read. 1 ask whether that does
not conform to the recollection of the Chair?
No leply was heard from the Speaker.
During this time, Mr. Ashmun was engaged in
reducing his amendment to writing; and, after a
short pause, having completed it, he said he had
reduced his motion to writing; the Clerk would
read it.
The SPEAKER. It is moved by the gentleman
from Massachusetts that the Journal be corrected
as follows:
" IVlr. Wallace accoidmglj- presented the resolutions of
the Legislature of South Caiolma, and asked the general
consent ot the House to address it upon the subject oi the
said resolutions. No objection being made, he, pmceeded
to address the House ni regard to them; and alter he con-
cluded—
i( Mr. Asiimcn rose to address the House, when
"The Speaker interposed, and said that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. AshaiunJ could not proceed to
make any remarks it objecuon was made.
" And objection was then made."
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, called for the
reading of that portion of the Journal which rejated
to this matter. It was read (as given above.)
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I cannot consent to the
amendment of the Journal as proposed by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Asumun,] for^
two reasons: the first is, I think it would be a very
bad precedent to encumber the Journal of the House
with matter of this character; the second is, 1 do
not consider chat the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts correctly states what took
place. I witnessed the proceedings, and if 1 am
not very much at fault m my recollection, 1 think
that the reporters of the Globe state it with perfect
accuracy; and 1 propose to read their account of
these proceedings:
"Mr. Asiimtx addressed the Speaker, and he rose
upon the other motion nuule by the geiitleinan'lroin South
Carolina, [Mr. \\ aliack.]
44 The Si-taker. Does the gentleman propose to debate
that question ? ,
'• .Mi. AbiiMirs was understood to &ay that he did.
<>Tne Si'eakhi stated that the gentleman must have
special hbeit} to proceed.
Mr. Ashmun. The motion, I understand, is to print the
resolution.. ... ,
The Speaker. The motion is not debatable to-day, as
memorials and resolutions of State Legislatures cannot be
di?cu>sed except b\ general consent, or b> faUtpwiision of the
rules the da> on winch they are oJi'eied.
Ashmin. i do nut intend to dibate it. i meiely
ask that the tir.-t hue of the hist lesolutton be read.
" Mr. McLank objected "
That, (said Mr. C.,) I think, is a faithful ac-
count of what transited yeMeulay. The gentle-
man from "Massachusetts asked that the first line
of the first resolution be read, and the gentleman
