THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1849.
New Series No. 34.
not desire to debate. The gentleman did distinctly
state that he did not desire to debate.
Mr. ASHMUN. Does the gentleman mean to
cay, that when I first rose, I said I did not wish to
address the Hduse?
Mr. McLANE desired the attention of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] for a
moment.
Mr. STANTON said he did not understand that
he would loose the floor.
The SPEAKER satd the gentleman could yield
the floor for the purpose of explanation only.
Mr. McLANE. I desire to ask tne gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] whether lie
understands that I objected, in a serious and par-
liamentary sense, to his making any remarks?
Mr. ASHMUN replied that he did not know
"who made the objection. He heard objections
made by half a dozen voices in the'neighbornood
in which the gentleman was now standing; and
finding it so reported in the Globe, he presumed
the gentleman had made the objection. In the
motion which he had made to amend the Journal,
he had not stated that the gentlcrflfcn from Mary-
land [Mr. McLane] had made the objection. He
(Mr. A.) only inferred that that gentleman had
made it, from the fact that he had heard audible
and distinct objections made from that quarter of
the House, and finding it stated in the Globe (as
he had said) that the gentleman had made the ob-
jection, he presumed that he had done so.
Mr. McLANE understood, he said, that some
explanations had already been made as to the
grounds of the objection. Pie found, in the Globe,
that he was reported as having objected. He had
now interrupted the gentleman fit>rn Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] for the purpose of saying that it
had been represented that he had objected to the
gentleman from Massachusetts making remarks
or replying to the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Wallace.] He (Mr. McL.) wished to
state distinctly, what he almost felt persuaded the
gentleman from Massachusetts weli understood,
that it was distinctly to the re-reading of the resolu-
tion that he objected. And more than that—he
objected, and would have objected, to the reading
of the resolution at all. The point submitted by
the gentleman from Massachusetts was# that the
resolutions themselves precluded debate; and it
was to that point that he (Mr. ^JcL.) made his
objection—that the resolutions should not be read,
on the ground that they had already been disposed
of. And he did not choose that the question,
so far as his will was concerned, should be again
opened. He never did object, and never would
have objected, to any gentleman—the gentleman
from Massachusetts or the gentleman from Illi-
nois—making remarks in reply to the gentleman
from South Carolina. He distinctly stated that
he made no such objection. And he was happy
to see that the report in the Globe did not repre-
sent him as making such an objection. So far as
the matter was understood here, if any gentleman
supposed that he made that objection, he wished
now to set him right. The objection was directed
to the re-reading of the resolution, and to nothing
Mr. STANTON resumed the floor. He de-
sired, he said, to call the attention of the House
to this simple fact, that when the Speaker decided
that it was not in order to debate the question, the
gentleman from Massachusetts acquiesced in the
decision; and that he did not ask permission.to de-
bate. He said expressly that he did not desire to
debate, but that the first line of the resolution
should be read. And if any correction at all was
to be made, he (Mr. S.) should insist that it should
be made in conformity with these facts, which he
did not understand the gentleman from Massachu-
setts to deny.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, said there was a
good deal of important business before the House.
For his own part, in respect to the matter now un-
der consideration, he thought that the House was
unnecessarily consuming much valuable time that
should be devoted to other matters. He there-
fo?e demanded the previous question.
34
Mr. ASHMUN asked the gentleman to with-
draw the motion to allow him to fay a few words.
Mr. EVANS expressed his willingness to do so,
if the gentleman would pledge himself to renew the
demand.
Mr. ASHMUN having assented—
The demand for the previous question was with-
drawn.
Mr. ASHMUN proceeded: He wished to say,
in the first place, that he rejoiced to find that no
objection was made on the other side of the House
to his proceeding. It gave him great satisfaction
to hear gentlemen say so this nwning. He was
sure that gentlemen who sat on his side of the
House did not so understand it. But now it
seemed to be the unanimous opinion that no objec-
tion was made. He would state that he heard a
shower of objections—but he was glad that they
were all forgotten. He never should have moved
this amendment if the Journal had not partially
stated the history of the case. He agreed with
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Henley,] that
the Journal ought not ordinarily to show who
spoke and who did not.
The SPEAKER said that the precedents were
all the other way; and,that whenever a gentleman
had leave to make a personal explanation, by unani-
mous consent, it was always so recorded. If a
gentleman proposed to do a thing, and did nothing,
no record was made. The fact that he asked
leave to do so did not go upon the record. But
when a gentleman obtained unanimous consent to
do anything, or did^it under a suspension of the
rules, the fact was always mentioned.
Mr. McCLERNAND said, that by the permis-
sion of the gentleman- from Massachusetts [Mr.
Asiimun] •
The SPEAKER, inquired if the gentleman from
Massachusetts gave way ?
Mr. EVANS insisted on the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. McCLERNAND said he wished to ask the
Speaker one question.
The SPEAKER again asked the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Ashmun] if he gave
way ?
Mr. ASHMUN said, he could not yield the
floor. Pie intended in good faith to fulfill the
pledge he had given to the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Evans.] He would not, as he had stated,
have made the motion to amend the Journal,
but that he thought it gave a partial and inaccu-
rate statement of what had occurred. If it had
omitted entirely any reference to the fact that the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Wallace]
addressed the House by permissionfche (Mr. A.)
would probably have made no motion on the sub-
ject. But the truth of history required that it
should appear that it was by general consent of
the House that the gentleman addressed it. It
ought also-to appear, that 'when he (Mr. A.) pro-
posed to say a few words on the same subject, an
objection was interposed.
One word in reply to the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Burt,] who was always courteous
towards other gentlemen however firmly he main-
tained his own opinions. The gentleman had said
he would be willing to move even now that he
(Mr. A.) should have leave to proceed. He knew
the courtesy of that gentleman, but he would as-
sure him that when he wanted leave to speak, he
would ask it for himself, and maintain his own
rights, without any appeal from him or any other
gentleman.
Mr. BURT said, he trusted the gentleman did
not understand him as making the remark m any
discourtesy. •
Mr. ASHMUN. By no means.
Mr. BURT said, he merely intended to express
his willingness that the subject should be debated
whenever the House was disposed to debate it.
And he would as gladly hear the gentleman from
Massachusetts as any other gentleman. ,
Mr. ASHMUN said that the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina was too well known
to admit of any imputation upon it. He (Mr. A.)
did not mean any such thing. He merely meant
to disclaim from friends and foes any assistance—
any desire that they should ask leave for him. He
would only say, that he intended to maintain his
! rights.
I Having said this much, he would now redeem
j the pledge he had given to the gentleman from
i Maryland, and renew the demand fqrthe previous
question.
i Mr. STANTON asked the gentleman to with-
I draw the motion, to allow him (Mr. J>.) to suggest
1 an amendment.
; Mr. ASHMUN did not withdraw.
I The question was then taken on the demand-for
| the previous question, and there was a second;
! and the main question (being fcn the motion to
! amend the Journal) was ordered to he now taken.
! A brief conversation followed between Mr.
i HENLEY and the SPEAKER.
' Mr. McCLERNAND (addressing the Chair)
! inquired whether he had understood the Chair to
j say, that a distinct motion had yesterday been
j submitted to grant leave to the gentleman from
' South Carolina [Mr. Wallace] to make his
; speech.
The SPEAKER, said, the Chair had distinctly
j understood the gentleman from South Carolina to
ask leave to make a speech ?
i Mr. McCLERNAND inquired whether he un-
j derstood the Chair to say, that a distinct motion
i was submitted to grant leave?
' The SPEAKER said that he had always under-
stood general consent to be precisely equivalent 'to
j a unanimous vote.
f1 Mr. McCLERNAND said that was a matter of
construction.
The SPEAKER said, Exactly so. But the
Chair had always ruled that when no objection
was made, it was equivalent to a unanimous vote.
|; Some conversation occurred between Mr. PAL-
j; FREY and the SPEAKER on a point of con-
|. struction.
! 1 After which, the question was taken* on the mo-
il tion of Mr. Asiimun, and the vote stood—ayes 71,
i! noes 49.
j' Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
j| and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, asked that the amend-
1 ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts might
be again read.
i1 Mr. WENTWORTH called for the reading of
j' the Journal as it now stood.
!; The amendment and that portion of the Journal
|i to which it related were again read.
|j Mr. COBB submitted whether the House was
ji willing to put this amendment on the Journal,
l! when the geotjeman from Massachusetts [Mr.
|i Ashmcn] admitted that the report of the "Globe,"
i| which stated that the objection applied to the read-
ing of the resolution, and not to the remarks,'was •
1 correct ?
;• Mr. McLANE, (to Mr. Ashmun.) Does the
!< gentleman from Massachusetts understand that I
ji objected to his making his remarks?
j Mr. ASHMUN. i do not beiieve that the gen-
ii tleman did obiect.
!, Mr. McCLERNAND suggested to the gentle-
j1 man from Massachusettsjto strike out the latter
I, clause of the amendment.
• Mr. ASIIMUN did not acquiesce in the sug-
gestion.
Mr. HENLEY suggested that there was so
j, much noise that nothing ootfld be heard in the part
1 of the Hall in which he was.
Mr. H. desired to inquire of the Speaker, wheth-
ij er he decided that it was proper to place upon the
i'Journal the fact that the gentleman from Soath
j' Carolina [Mr. Wallace] did or did not make a
!' speech?
|! The SPEAKER said that the precedents in
favor of that decision were unanimous.
|j Mr. HENLEY. Then I shali vote to put the
;! other on.
i The Clerk proceeded to call the roll,
i! Mr. BARROW (hts name having been called)
j! rose to ask to be excused from voting, not having
ij been in his seat (he was understood to say) when
i; the transaction took place.
