530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
Mr. McCLERNAND made a similar request,
for a reason not heard by the reporter, if any was
stated.
The SPEAKER staled to both gpntleiner that
the motion came too late. It should have been
made before the call of the roll had been com-
menced.
The question, on the motion of Mr. ASHMUN,
was then taken, arid decided in the negative—
yeas 81, nays 82—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, As-bmun, Belche^ Bingham,
Blackmar, Blanehard, Brady, Buekner, Canby, Collamer,
€imaer,.Ciaiiston, Crowell, Uarhng, DicKev, Dixon, Eckert,
Edwards, Emhree, Nathan Evans, FarieUy, Fisher, Games,
Giddinst*, Colt,"Greeley Gregory. Griuncll, Hale, Hammons,
James G. Hampton, Mo>es Hampton, Henley, Henry, Elms
B. Holmes', Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Jenkins, Lahm, Wil-
liam T. Lawrence, Sidney X,awienee, Levin, Lincoln,
Maclaj, MeXifcnne, FJoiace Mann, Mais-ii, Marvin. Moiris,
Mulhn, Nelson, Palfiey. Penalre, iV(k, Petut, Putnam,
Reynolds, Juliu- Rockwell, John A. Rockivt)!, Knot. Rum-
fey, St John, SUu-nek, Shernll, Smait, Caleb B. Smith,
Robert Smith, Srai Uvi earlier, Charles E, biuart. StiM.in,
Taylor, Jtfhil B. Thompson, Wilham Thompson, Thiufton,
Turner, Van Dyke, vinton, Warren, Wentworth, and Wil-
son—81 .
NAYS—Me.-«rs. Barringer, Bea)e, Bedmser,# Boeoek,
ButN. BovvJin. P.ojden. Brinae®, Brodhead. Wm.G. Brown,
Burr, Cabell, ChaVe, Cnngmhn, H.nveil Cobb, Williamson
K. W. Cobb, Cooke. Codinc, Cozier, Cummins, Danh 1,
Alexander Evans, Farnn, Featlm^ton, Flournov, French,
Flies, Gnyle, Gentiv. Goygin, WiUaul P. Hall, Haralson,
Ilarmanbcn, Hill. HiSh.ird, Isaac- E. Holmes, George S.
TJous-ton, John W. Houston, lime, Jverson, RoUrt W.
Johnson, George W Jones,. John W. Jone-7 Ksofman. La
Sdre, Lumpkin, Lynde, McDowell,McKay, McLane. Mc-
Queen, Job Mann, Miller, Mor>e, Mmphy, Aicoil, Petrie,
Peyton, Phelps, Pilsbury, Pollock, Pie>ton, Itn-liardj-on,
Richey, Robinson, Rockhiil, Roman, Sauyer, Shepherd,
Simpson, Stanton, Strong, Thibodeaux, Robeit A. Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Toombs, Venabie, Wallace, Wick, Wiley,
Williams, and Woodwaul—SQ.
So the House decided that the Journal should
not be so amended.
After a few preliminary remarks, Mr. J. R. IN-
GERSOLL, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
to whom was referred the memorial of Anson
Little, complaining: of the official conduct of Alfred^
gponcklm, "district"judge for the northern district
of New York, made a report thereon, in writing,
which concluded by asking that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same. f
The said committee were accordingly discharged,
and the subject was laid upon the table*
Mr. GOGGIIy called for the regular order of
business. _
The SPEAKER announced that reports from
committees were in order, commencing with the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BARR1NGKR, frcm the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported to the House certain corre-
spondence with the Secretary of War relative to
estimates of appropriation necessary for carrying
into effect the treaty of August, 1846, with the
Cherokee nation of Indians; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CUMMINS, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, to whom was referred the :
petition of Mary Ward, widow of Charles Ward, j
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill for j
her relief; which bill was read twice and commit-
ted, and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. STRONG, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the petitions of the heirs of
Noah Wiseman, Catharine O'Neal, Matilda W.
Beard, and Valentine Miller*, which wei'e laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. STRONG
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pens-ions i
bo discharged hom the further consideration of th xpeti- j
tion^ of B> njamm Good-on, Richard Patterson, Had Polly j
Thomas, widow of Caleb Thomas, and that they be lasd !
up.m the table. i
Mr. STRONG, from the same committee, to I
whom was referred Che petition of Eady Tuck,
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill for j
her relief; which bill was lead twice, and commit- i
ted, and the bill and report ordered to be niinted. 1
Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE, from the same '
committee, to whom way referred the petition of
Jacob Warcs^h, made an adverse report theieon;
which was iaiti upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
. On motion of Mr. SIDNEY LAWRENCE,
Ordered, Th'if the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be discharged from (he fin cher consideration of the peiition--
ot Edwmd Evans, and Janu^s Dans, administrator or Levi
Davis, and that they be ia d upon the table.
On motion of Mr. FULTON,
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
oiiargod fiom~tha further consideration of the petitions of
Jacob Sagalby, Peter Frost, Washington Denham, Elizabeth
Hanghery, Jesse W. Holhster, Abijah Ring, John Morri-
son, "Jqiijos L. Loyd, Levin Leach. Charles Lynam, James
Wright, Jr.,sJohn*Worle, Amos Knapp, and Daniel Gucr-
lant, and that they be laid apon the table.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Joseph Breck, made an adverse report thereon;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. COCKE, 1
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pent-ions
be discharged from the furthei consideration of the petition
of Martha .Martin, widow ol James Martin, and that it be*
laid upon the tabic.
Mr. COCKE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, to whom was referred the joint
resolution to construe the several acts of Congress
heretofore passed for the relief of revolutionary
soldiers, reported the same back, without amend-
ment.
On motion of Mr, COCKE, the said resolution
was laid upon the table.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a joint resolution, "authorizing
a settlement of the accounts of -Thomas M. Howe,
late pension aeent at Pittsburg1, upon equitable
principles;" which resolution was read twice, and
ordered to be engrossed and <read a third time to-
day.
The said resolution being engrossed, was ac-
cordingly read the third time and passed, and sent
to tie Senate for concurrence.
Mr. FULTON, from the same committee, to
whom was refened the bill from the Senate entitled
"An act for continuing the pension granted to Pat-
rick Walker," leported the same back without
amen dmerit.
. Ordered, That the said bill be read a thud time to-day.
The bill was accordingly read the third time and
passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. FULTON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Sutherland May*
field, made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read twice and committed,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FULTON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Jonathan Naif,
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which was read twice and committed,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FULTON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill from the Senate entitled
"An act for the relief of Nehemiah Brush," re-
ported the same back to the House without an
amendment.
Thereupon, the said bill was read the third time
and passed, and returned to the Senate.
Mr. FULTON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of John Kerbaugh,
made a report thereon, accompanied by a bill for
his rel'pf; which was read twice, committed, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FULJ'ON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Jacob Zimmer-
man, made a report thereon, accompanied'hy a bill
for his relief; which was read twice.
The question being upon the engrossment and
third reading of the bilf—
Mr. CONGER moved that it be committed to a
committee of the "Whole House.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, moved the pre-
vious question, which was seconded; under the
operation thereof, it was decided in the negative.
The question, " Shall the bill be engrossed and
read a thud timer" being put, it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. FULTON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Major Charles
Larabee, made a report, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which was read twice.
The question being upon the engrossment and
third reading of the bill—
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved that it be re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HALL moved the previous question, which
was seconded; and, under the operation thereof, it
was decided m the negative.
The question recurred, Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time? and, being put, it
was decided in the affirmative.
On motion of Mr. FULTON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be dis-
charged from the further consideration ol tiie petition of
Francis Hitman, and that the said petition be laid upon tb9
table.
Mr. WILLIAM T. LAWRENCE, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was re-
ferred the petitions of A. Austrian, James Cochran "
Israel Griffin, Hemy Sliver, Richard Reynolds'
John Hartley, Samuel Spalding, Rhoda Ellison) ~ ■
and Sarah Jane West, made adverse reports there-
on; which were laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
. Mr. LAWRENCE, from the same committee? - "
to whom was referred the petitions of John Stew-
art, Richard D. Jones, John Gordon, Benjamin T.
Smith, and Wilham Ellis, reported bills for their
relief, accompanied by reports in writing m each
case; which bills were severally read twice and
committed, and the bills and reports ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILEY, from the s^me committee, to whom
was referred the petitioii of James Norris, made a
report thereon, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief; which bill was read twice and committed,and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILEY, from the same committee, report-
ed bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of Daniel Wilson;
A bill for the relief of Palmer Branch, accom-
panied by reports in writing in each case; which
bills were severally read twice, committed, and
the bills and, reports ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILEY, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Samuel Page,
made an adverse report thereon; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to printed.
On motion of Mr. WILEY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
rlNcliaii^ed fiom the further eon-uleration of tne petition of
Henry R. Wendell, and that it be laid upon the table.
POSTAGE.
Mr. PUTNAM moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up the bill to
reduce the rates of postage. This (he proceeded
to sav) was an extremely important bill, (cries of
" order,") and there was no bill which interested
the whole country more deeply, (renewed cries of
"order.")
The SPEAKER stated that the motion was not
debatable.
Mr. PUTNAM asked the yeas and nays on the
motion.
The SPEAKER stated that if the House went
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it would be for the committee to decide
what bill they would take up. A motion to go into
committee for a particular purpose was not in or-
der.
After a word*of conversation upon a point o'f,
order between Mr. FULTON and the SPEAK-.
ER—
The yeas and .nays having been refused, the
question was taken, and the House refused to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. *
Mr. VENABLE, from the Committeemen Inva-
lid Pensions, made adverse reports upon the peti- /
tions of Abijah T. Bolton, Paul De Garno, and
Robert Rose; which were laid upon the table and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. VENABLE, from the same committee, re-
ported bills of the following titles, viz:
A bill for the relief of Cornelius Hughes; and
A bill for the relief of Samuel Butler—accom-
panied by repoits in wiiting m each case; which
bills were severally read twice and committed, and
the bills and reports ordered to be printed.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, to whom was referred the resolution of the
House of December 21, 1848, directing said com-
mittee to inquire into the causes of delay m exam-
ining applications for patents, made a report
thereon, which was laid upon the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the same committee,
to whom was referred'the petition of Peter W.
Morgan,administrator of John Arnold and George
G. Bishop, made a report thereon, accompanied
by a bill for their lelief; which bill was read twice
and committed, and the bill and report ordered to-
be printed.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the same committce?
to whom was referred the petition of William
Green Jun., made a report thereon, accompanied
by a bill authorizing a patent to be issued to Wii-
liam Green, Jun.; which bill was read twice, and
