1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
531
the further consideration of said bill postponed for
the present.
Mr. FARRELLY, from the same committee,
tng.de an adverse report upon the petition of the
citizens of the town of Hardwick, in the State of
New York, for the renewal of a patent granted to
Thamas Pierce, March 3d, 1825; which was laid
upon the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Delaware, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, made a
report relative to the improvements necessary in
the mode of heating and ventilating the public
v buildings, for the health and comfort of the per-
sons employed therein; which was laid upon the
table and otdtred to be printed.
* wilkes's narrative.
)^Mr. PRESTON, from the Joint Committee on ;
the Library, reported the following joint resolu- j
don: j
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative's of tte ;
United Stittes of Jlmerica in Congress assembled. That the \
Librarian of Congress be, and he is hereby, directed to pro- j
cute and deliver to the Secretary ol State two copies of j
volumes six and seven of the Narrative of the Exploring Ex- ,
^edition under Captain Wilkes; and the Secretary of State :
is hereby directed to deliver them to the Government of 1
Russia, in iteu of those heretofore delivered, which \vere
lost at s$ea on their p.issage to Russia: and that (he eor>t of
She same be paid out of tfte fund'? heretofore appropnated to
the publication of the works of the Exploring Expedition.
Which was read twice and ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
was accordingly read the third time and pasted,
and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
AMERICAN ARCHIVES.
Mr. PALFREY, from the Joint Committee on
• the Library, reported the following resolution:
Rcsolved h^tlie Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, That Uvo
hundred and forty copies of the "American Archives" he
placed at the disposal of the Joint Committee on the Library
<yf Congress, to he di«trihnJed from time to tune under their
direction to literary institutions in the several States and
.Territories in the proportion of one copy for every Represent-
ative and Delegate in Congress from said States and Territo-
ries. *■
Mr, PALFREY moved that the joint resolution
be put upon its "passage, and said that the subject
had been brought before the committee by a me-'
morial,"asking a donation of a copy of this work,
from thl Massachusetts Historical Society.—a so-
ciety not rich in its treasury, though very rich -in
the intellectual endowments of its members. It
was founded in the last century, and he knew of
fio simitar association which had contributed more
to the literary wealth of the country in an import-
ant department. It had stored in its library an
invaluable mass of*"records of the past, in print
•and in manuscript, which otherwise would long
- ago have been lost to the knowledge of later times;
and the thirty volumes of Transactions, in which it ,
had given many of its treasures to the public, were j
models in their kuid for judicious selection and
learned illustration. Most of the States had now
similar institutions, which had rendered similar
good servifie; lie had some acquaintance with sev-
■eta]—-as the Historical Societies of Maine, of New
k Hampshire, of Rhode island, of Connecticut, of
New York, of Pennsylvania, of Ohio, of Ken-
tucky, of Georgia, of Louisiana. And there were
numerous other learned bodies, besides the his-
torical societies and the colleges, (which latter were
already provided for by law,) possessing libraries,
in which this valuable collection of historical ma-
terials ought to be deposited, so as to be accessible
to students, and by their means be made beneficial
and honorable to the country. The publication
had been made at a heavy expense—no greater,
however, than its character fully justified—but to
what end, unless means were taken to place it in
the hands of readers? On inquiry at the Depart-
ment of State, he had learned that there were be-
tween three hundred and fifty and four hundred
copies in that department, subject to the disposal
of Congress, lying there without the slightest ben-
efit to any human being, till Congress should take
some action in relation to them.
In these authentic original documents for his-
tory, Mr. P. said, you have a mass of solid bullion,
of the sterling ore, as yet only smelted. There are
skillful coiners waiting, if you will only allow them,
to convert it into the .circulating medium of the
world of letters, roiled out by the power of their
thought, moulded and stamped with the impress
of their genius. Irving, Sparks, Prescott, Ban-
croft,—this is the kind of raw material that such
minds work up; and others, who cannot work it
up in quite such a style, ought to have a chance to
try their hand upon it. Why not let those have it
whd can use it? Why huddle away this treasure
into a garret for the moth and rust? Why bury it
in the ground ? Why decree that it shall be useless
to the world? The committee proposed to with-
draw two hundred and forty copies, which would
leave a sufficient number for the future occasions
of the Government in the way of presents to for-
eign countries, and the small excess over the pres-
ent number of Representatives and Delegates in
Congress was intended to obviate the necessity of
further legislation for some time to come, as new
Territories should be constituted. The principle
of distribution proposed was that, as evidence
shoul'd from time to time be presented to the com-
mittee of the existence of libraries in the present
States and Territories, in which the work would
be carefully preserved, and would be of use, such
institutions should receive a copy—the number
of copies to each State not to exceed the present
number of its Representatives in this Hall. It
was not provided that the copies furnished to a
State should go into each of its districts, because H
was presumed that more than one of the libraries
having the best claims in the respective States
would often be found in a single district; and the
object of giving to the work the most useful distri-
bution for the benefit of each and every State was
accordingly thought to require the arrangement
proposed by the committee.
The question being upon the engrossment and
third reading of the joint resolution—
Mr. HARALSON moved that the said resolu-
tion be laid upon the table; which motion was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on the engrossment and
third reading of the said joint resolution—
Mr. McLANE moved to amend the same by
adding at the end thereof the following:
And each Representative in Congress shall present the
committee the name of the institution to which a copy of
said woik shall be distributed
A long conversation took place between Mr.
PALFREY, Mr. HARALSON, Mr. HOUSTON
of Delaware, Mr. McLANE, Mr. CUMMINS,
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, Mr. COLLAMER, and
others, and then—
The question being upon agreeing to the amend-
ment—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved the
previous question, which was seconded, and the
main question ordered, viz: 'fWill tl;e House agree
to said amendment?'5 and being put, it was decided
in the affirmative.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table; which nlotfbn was not agreed
to.
The said resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, stating
that they had passed sundry bills and joint resolu-
tions, and requesting the concurrence of the House
therein.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE OX RULES, ETC.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, from the Select Com-
mittee on Rules, reported the following as an
amendment to the rules and orders of the House,
viz:
It shall not be in order to conoider or act'upon any order,
resolution, or motion, whnehy U i-> proposed to create a
charge upon the contingent land ol the House, or dispo&e
of any pomon of the snme, except m case^of printing, until
the same has been considered and revolted on by the Com-
mittee on Accounts; and al! such propositions shall, on their
introduction, be rcfrrrck by virtue ot thl* iule,to *nid com-
mittee: nor shali a motion to suspend this rule be entertained
exccpt by unanimous consent. «
Pending the consideration thereof—
BUSINESS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired of the Speaker, if it
would be in order to move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the Speak-
er's table.
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
Mr. ASHMUN made the motion, with a view,
he said, to get at the bill m relation to the slave
trade in the District of Columbia.
Mr. COBB said, he trusted the House would
not entertain the motion, until the proposition he
had submitted should have been acted upon. It
would not require many moments. It had met
the universal approval of the Committee on Rules,
and he believed it would meet the approval of this
House,
Mr. ASHMUN said, it" might be so; but he
wished to examine iu He adhered to his motion.
Mr. COBB expressed the hope that the House
would not pass to other business until it had
adopted this rule.
_ The SPEAKER. The rule will be the first ques-
tion in order to-morrow.
Mr, COBB. In the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Yes; or rather the day after
to-morrow. To-morrow is specially assigned for
counting the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent.
The question is on the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that the House proceed to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's table.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmative—ayes 72, noes 55.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
communications, viz; m
J. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting copies of the Army Register for the year
1849, for the use of the members of the House;
which letter was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the annual report of the officers in
charge of the revenue marine service of the vessels
employed in that service during the past year and
those under construction; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
ill. A letter from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting, in obedience to the act concern-
ing public contracts, passed April 21, 1808, and
the act of March 2, 1809, a statement of contracts
made by theTreasury Department during theyears
1847 and 1848: which letter and statement wdVe
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
IV. A letter from-the PostmasterGeneral, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act of July, 1836—
1st. A copy of the abstracts of the offers for-
carrying the mails within the year preceding the
1st of July, 1848.
2d, A report of all contracts made for the trans-
portation of the mail within the year aforesaid.
3d. A statement of all such lands and water
m&ils &s have been established or ordered within
said year.
4th. A report of all additional allowances mad«
to mail contractors within said year.
5th. A report of curtailments of mail service and
pav ordered within.said year,
Gth. A report of fines imposed and deductions
made from the pay of contractors within the same
time.
Ordered. That the said communications and accompany-
ing documents be referred to.tiie Committee oil Printing.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that the House
adjourn. *
The SPEAKER said there were a number of
bills from the. Senate on their first and second
reading.
Mr. COBB insisted on his motion.
And the question thereon having been taken and
decided in the negative, the House refused to ad-
journ.
SENATE BILLS,
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the amendment of the Senate 10 the bill of the
House entitled " An act to amend the act entitled
' An act supplementary to the act for the admis-
sion of the States of Iowa and Florida into the
Union;' " when,
On motion of Mr. WHITE,
OriercJ, That the said; liill ailflSk
to the Committee oil the Judiciary.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the amendment of the Senate to the Uiil of tiie
House entitled " An act granting five years' half-
pay to certain widows and orphans of officers,
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, both regulars arid volunteers;" when the
said amendment was read and agreed to.
Oiicred, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate therewith.
Joint resolution of the Senate entitled A reso-
lution to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to make an equitable settlement with the sureties
of Robert T. Lytle, late surveyor general of the
district of Ohio,5' was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill from the Senate entitled "An act to
it was
mendment be referred
