1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
Means, [Mr. Vinton.] The gentleman from Ohio
had declared that the passage of the bill would taife
immediately out of the market a large amount of
the public domain; and that it would arrest the
progress of settlements in the new States, at least
during the period of ten years. But now, was
there really any gentleman belonging to the new
States, who could possibly desire to arrest the
progress of their settlement? Or was it at all to be
expected that the new States would ever pursue a
policy so suicidal as that? He thought the position
of the gentleman was so palpably absurd, that it
needed only to be looked at to be refuted and dis-
carded.
He would take another view of the subject.
What were' the new States? Were they not all
integral portions of this Union? Did any desire
to see their, prosperity arrested. Did not their
prosperity and the increase of their productiveness
contribute to the prosperity and greatness of the
whole country? This public domain was perfectly
useless until it came under*the hand of cultivation:
and it was the moduction.of the soil ant! labor of
the country ab^ve what was necessary to supply
the home consumption that constituted a nation's
wealth. The profitable direction of industry, and
the cultivation of the soil, were the only perma-
nent sources of wealth; and he was therefore in
favor of any policy which would increase the
facilities of settlement and the cultivation of the
. soil in the new States, and such he_ considered
' would be the tendency of the bill before"the House,
la proportion to the increase ef railroads in any
country was the increase of the facilities of emi-
gration and the transportation to market of the
produce of the interior.
But there was another consideration. These
' railroads traversing every portion of the country,
passing through the productive regions and lead-
ing to central points, contributed not only to the
commercial advancement of the country, but they
-became, by the facilities which they afforded for
the transportation of troops and munitions of war,
a most important means of national defence.
This public domain was not now taken up for
the purposes of settlement and cultivation, on ac-
count of the expense of getting the produce of the
interior into market. But let these railroads be
constructed, and it would be seen that these new
country lands would forthwith become productive"
and valuable. Instead of the dense and unbroken
forests which w«re now beheld in all the new
States, these vast rich regions would soon become
dotted all over with productive fields; and this
change would be wrought as well by the facilities
which these roads would give to commerce as by
their power to carry military defences upon the
shortest notice to all points assailable by an enemy.
With such improvements, there would be seen in
every direction a widely-diffused and well-rewarded
industry. Such a growth in national wealth might
be attained almost at once by these means, if
these—he did not call them donations—if these
grants of justice were not withheld.
The gentleman from Ohio had further objected
to the bill, because it would afford to incorporated
companies the means of getting such a fast grip
<}pon the public- lands, as to enable them to snatch
every acre from sale by the General Government;
and that having once got their grip upon them,
demagogues would spring up and come into Con-
gvesslrom the new States, or the question might
be made to turn upon a Presidential election,-so as
to make fast and eternal that grip. In this the
gentleman had made the charge®pf fraud against
the new States, with a design to grasp and clutch
unfairly the whole body of the public domain.
The fact was, that the bill did not propose to allow
much more land to the new States, by their pay-
ing the regular price for it, than the gentleman's
own State had received from the General Govern-
ment grafts. It was not an uncommon thing for
the older son in a family to be found grasping at
thclargest portion of the estate, to the fexclusion of
the younger children.
He declared himself ready and willing, wherever
any great national workjjias needed, in New York
"or Pennsylvania, or another State, which would
either afford facilities to commerce, or insure a
more efficient public defence in time of war, to
vote liberal appropriations of the public domain
for carrying on such works.
Mr. LINCOLN said he had not risen for the
purpose of making a speech, but only for the pur-
pose of meeting some of the objections to the bill. |
If he understood those objections, the first was, i
that if the bill were to become a law, it would be !
used to lock large portions of the public lands from j
sale, without at last effecting the ostensible object ;
of the bill—the construction of railroads in the ■
new States; and secondly, that Congress wo.uld be i
forced to the abandonment of large portions of the
public lands to the States for which they might be |;
reserved, without their paying for them. This he j|
understood to be the substance of the objections of i |
the gentleman from Ohio to the passage of the bill, j;
If he could get the attention of the House for a ij
few minutes, he would ask gentlemen to tell us j)
what motive could induce any State Legislature, or ;;
individual, or company of individuals, of the new
States to expend money in surveying roads which
they might know they could not make?
{A Voice: They are not required to make the
road.]
Mr. LINCOLN, (continuing.) That was not
the case he was making. What motive would j
tempt any set of men to go into an expensive sur- .
vey of a railroad, which they did not intend to j
make? What good would it do? Did men act [
without motive? Did business men commonly go
into an expenditure of money, which could be of
no account to them ? He generally found that ;
men who have money were disposed to hold on to ;
it, unless they could see something to be made by ;
its investment. He could not see what motive of
advantage to the new States could be subserved
by merely keeping the public lands out of market,
and preventing their settlement. As far as he
could see, the new States were wholly without
any motive to do such a thing. This, then, he
took to be a good answer to the first objection.
In relation to the fact assumed, that, after a whiie,
the new States having got hold.of the public lands
to a certain extent, they would turn round and
compel Congress to relinquish all claim to them,
he had a word to say, by way of recurring to the
history of the past. When was the time to come
(he asked) when the States in which the public
lands were situated would compose a majority of
the representation m Congress, or anything like it?
A majority of Representatives would very soon
reside west of the mountains, he admitted; but
would they all come from States in which the pub-
lic lands were situated? They certainly would not;
for, as these western States grew strong in Con-
gress, the public lands passed away from them,,
and they got on the other side of the question:
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] was
an example attesting that fact.
Mr. VINTON interrupted here to say, that he
had stood upon this question just where he was
now, for five-and-twenty years.
Mr. LINCOLN was not making an argument
for the purpose of convicting the gentleman of any
impropriety at all. He was speaking of a fact in
history, of which his State was an example. He
was referring to a plain principle in the nature of
things. The State of Ohio had now grown to be
a giant. She had a large delegation on that floor;
but was she now in favor of granting' lands to the
new States, as she used to be ? The New England
States, New York, and the Old Thirteen, were all
rather quiet upon the subject; and it was seen just
now that a member from one of the new States :!
was the first man to rise up in opposition. And so . |
it would be with the history of this question for j
the future. There never would come a time when ji
the people residing in the States embracing the
public lands would have the entire control of this ||
subject; and so it was a matter of certainty that ;i
Congress would never do more in this respect than j!
what would be dictated by a just liberality. The j
apprehension, therefore, that the public lands were ■!
in danger of being wrested from the General Gov- j
ernment by the strength of the delegation in Con-
gress from the new States, was utterly futile. ;|
There never could he such a thing. If we take ^
these lands (said he) it will not be without your |i
consent. We can never outnumber you. There-',;
suit is, that all fear of the new States turning against j
the right of Congress to the public domain must j
be effectually quelled, as those who are opposed to
that interest must always hold a vast majority here,
and they will never surrender the whole or any
part of the public lands unless they themselves
choose so to do. This was all he desired to say.
Mr. BRODHEAD then obtained the floor; but
gave way for
Mr. SCH-ENCK'S motion to adjourn; whjch
was agreed to.
And then the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under the
rule, and referred:
By Mr. LEFFLER: The petition of sundry citizens of
the county of Muscatine, m tile State of Iowa, prajing the
passage of a law for the reduction and uniformity of post-
age. AKo, the petition of sundry citizens of Johnson
county, Iowa, on the same subject. Also, a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of tin. State 01 Iowa, in relation to
a mail route from Beileview, in .lacksoif county, joiva, to In-
dependence, in Buchanan county. Also, a joint resolution
of the General Assembly of Iowa, relative to an increase of-
mail service on route 4,o5t. Al&o, a joint resolution of the.
General Assembly of Iowa, asking an appropriation in land
to improve the navigation of the Matjuoketa liver.
By Mr. SILVESTER: The petition of inhabitants of
Green eournj', New York, for the reduction of poslage.
By Mr. GIDDINGS: The petition of the Uuarterly Meet-
ing of'.f riends in the city of Philadelphia; the petition of
813 citizens of Winnebago county, Illinois; and the petition
of Isaac Richardson and 114 other citizens of Ohio; sever-
ally praying for the abolition ot slavery in the District of
Columbia. Ai.-o, tile petition of H. A. Pease and 23 others,
'1'. !!, Hiid-'oji and 45 others, John E. BurKe and 37 others,
Charie-> Hill and 76 others, and W. li. I'luinb and 57 others,
all citizens of Eoram county, Ohio, piiuuig tor the reduition
of postage. Also, the petition of T. li. Hudson and 6" others,
CharlesHill and76 otheis, and IV. H. Plumb and h" others,
ail citizens of Loiam county, Ohio, ptaying for the estab-
lishment of courts of arbitration for the seulenient of na-
tional difficulties.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday} February 14, 3849.
The Journal having been read—
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk, as
follows;
Mr. President: I am directed to inform the
Senate that the House of Representatives is now
ready to' receive the Senate, to count the votes for
President and Vice President.
Mr. BADGER, at the request of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] moved the reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the Senate bill, grant-
ing a right of way across the public lands, and to
dispose of said land in aid of the several States,
for the construction of railroads and canals, was
yesterday passed.
The bill having been sent to the House of Rep-
sentatives-—
Mr. BADGER moved that the Secretary be
directed to request the return of the bill from the
House.
The motion, after some remarks from Mr. BAD-
GER, Mr. ALLEN, Mr. KING, M£. BREESE,
and Mr. BERRIEN, was agreed to.
COUNTING THE VOTES.
In compliance with the invitation from the House,
the Senate then proceeded to the House of Repre-
sentatives.
On the return of the Senate—
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the committee
appointed on the part of the Senate, jointly with-
the committee appointed on the part of die House
of Representatives, to ascertain and report a mode
of examining the votes for President and Vice
President of the United States, and of notifying
the persons elected of their election, reported that
the committee had performed that duty, and had
instructed him to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of one member of the Senate
be appomifd by that to join a committee ot two moni-
beis> of the Hmi^e of Reprcseutatu u> bo appointed bj* that
body, to wait 011 General Zaciiarv Ta\ lor, of Louisiana, and
inform him that he has been duly elected Pie.-ident of the
United States for foui years:, commencing with the fourth
day of M.nch, 1849 ; and also fj wait on Millard Fillmore,
of "New Y01 k, and mfoim him that he has been duly elected
Vice President ot the United for tour years, com-
mencing with the fourth day of March, IS49.
The resolution having been concurred in—
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
, Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the following bills
from theHouseof Representatives, withoutamend-
ment:
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Williamson;'
An act for the relief of John Campbell;
An act for the relief of Henry Miller;
An act for the relief of Edward Taylor;
An act for the relief of John Wilson;
An act for the relief of Amos Armsuong;
An act for the relief of Edward Cole;
An act for the relief of Elizabeth Ktnney;
