634
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 14,
An act for the relief of Polly Dameron, widow of
Charles Damercm, deceased;
An aet for the relief of David Towle;
An acj for the relief of George S. Clafiin.
Mr. JOEfNSON, of Louisiana, from the same
committee, reported House bill for the relief of
Joseph D. Ward, with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana,
the Committee on Pensions were discharged from
the further consideration of House billfor the relief
of Martha Dameron, wife of Christopher Tomp-
kins* and it was referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President- of the United States,
in reply to a resolution of the Senate of the 12th
instant, transmitting the proceedings which had
taken place under the act of Congress in relation
to the claims of Colonel Richard M. Johnson.
The Senate then adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 14, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COUNTING THE VOTES OF ELECTORS FOR
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. BARROW rose and said, that he had a
motion which he had reduced to writing:, and
which he desired to offer. It was read for inform-
ation, as follows.' |
Resolved, That the Clerk inform the Senate that the [
Hons? is now ready to receive that body, tor the purpose of 1
proceeding to open and count the votes of the electoisfor I
« President and Vice President ot the United State.-. !
The resolution was adopted. j
DONATIONS OF LAND. 1
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose-and said, that |
his colleague, [Mr. Johnson,] who had been de- i
tained from his seat in the House seveial days in
consequence of indisposition, had some timesmce i!
given notice of his intention to ask leave to intro- !i
duee a bill, which he had requested him (Mr. J.) !;
this morning to ask leave to introducein his behalf.
He (Mr. J.) desired that the bill should be received, j
referred, and printed. j:
The SPEAKER said, if there was no objection ;
the bill would be received.
The title thereof having been read for informa-
tion—
Objection to the introduction of the bill was made
by Mr. COLLAMER.
Mr. JONES hoped it might be received and
-referred.
The objection having been persisted in, the bill
was not introduced.
OFFICERS OP THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. MEADE asked leave to olfer a resolution;
which was read for information.
[It requested that the President of the United
States cause to be prepared and transmitted to the
next Congress an alphabetical list of all the officers
of the Federal Government—the places of birth of
each officer—the State and county of which a res-
ident at the time of appointment to office—and the
salary or pay allowed to each.]
Objection was made, but withdrawn.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for theorders of the
day.
fhe SPEAKER madeareply, of which nothing
was heard at the reporter's desk.
The SPEAKER said, if there was no objection
to the introduction of the resolution of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] the question
would be taken upon it.
The objection having been renewed, the resolu-
tion was not entertained.
Mr. LEVIN, by leasee, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of Prisciila Decatur Twiggs, a niece and one of the
adopted daughteis of the late Commodore Stephen
Decatur, made a report thereon in writing, recom-
mending the passage of the bill from the Senate
entitled "An act for the relief of the captors of the
frigate Philadelphia;" which report was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREELEY asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution, which was read for information;
Resolved,, That fhe Committee on the Judtciaiv be in-
structed to inquire whethpr theie he anything m our laws
or authoritative judicial decisions which eiMiilt'iunet-s the
- Britibh doctrine of u once a subject, always a bubjoet/' and
to report what action of Congress, if any, be neee sary to
conform the laws and decisions aforesaid consistently and
thoroughly to the American doctrine affirming the right of
every man to migrate from hi« native land to some other,
and, in becoming a citizen of the latter, to renounce al> alle-
giance and responsibility to the fotmer.
Objection was made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked leave to move
to discharge the committee to whom it had been
referred from a certain petition, and that it be laid
on the table.
Objection was made.
TROPHIES OF THE LATE WAR. j
Mr. SAWYER asked leave at this time to in- I
troduce a joint resolution requesting the President j
of the United States to deposite in the National j
Institute, within the city of Washington, the flags >
| and other trophies taken by the American armies |
i in the late war with Mexico, there to remain for |
j the inspection of all, to commemorate the gallant j
; deeds of our army and navy, to which he supposed j
; there would be no objection. I
. Objection was made. - j
Mr. JBOWLIN asked leave to present the memo- '
rial of the Legislatuie of Missouri, in relation to >
the public lands, and asked that it might be laid on
the table and printed. j
Objection was made. i
Mr. BOWLIN rose to a'question of order. He j
insisted that any gentleman who objected should :
.rise m his place and do so. ' ]
The SPEAKER saidif there was no objection, >,
the memorial would be laid on the table and printed. :
Mr. PRESTON rose and objected. j
So the memorial was not received. j
Mr. CL1NGMAN asked the general consent of :
the House^to present ccitain lesolutions of the |
Legi3laEurc*of North Caiolma. jj
Objection was made.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT.
A pause (one of several which had taken place
since the reading of the Journal) followed, which
was at length broken by—
Mr. SAWYER, who rose and said, that as it
appeared there was no business on nana, he would
suggest that the House should dispense some way
or othgr with the resolution which had been passed
and sent to the Senate.
Now, (continued Mr. S.,) on this side of the
House we give up this matter. [Laughter.] We
do not want to contest it further. [Renewed
laughter.] We believe we are beaten, [roars of
laughter,] and we are perfectly satisfied that the
thing should stand as it now is without a formal
count. 1 would, if in order, move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote.
Several voices. Do you mean a reconsidera-
tion of the Presidential election?
Mr. SAWYER. No: a reconsideration of the
vote on this lesolution. We decline this business;
and I believe the result will be about the same
without a count as with it.
Mr. S. spoke without interruption by the Chair,
but his motion was not entertained.
Mr. MORSE asked leave to offer a resolution
affecting, he said, the members of this body partic-
ularly and intimately. He asked that it might be
read. It was read.
[it directed that the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds inquire into the expediency of;
providing a new Hall for the Representatives in
Congress, properly adapted to the transaction of !
business.] |
Objection was made. j
ADMISSION OF LADIES. \
Mr. COCKE asked leave to offer the following •
resolution, which was read for information:
Resolved, That the ladies in the gallery be admitted on the
floor of the House.
Mr. ATKINSON" rose and objected. If (said
he) it is necessary to state why I object, I should
say, that I do not think this House is the place for
ladies. They would be in very bad company.
The resolution was not received.
The Clerk having delivered the message to the
Senate, informing them that the House was in
waiting for the purpose of counting the votes for
President and Vice President—
The Senate attended in the Hall of the House.
The Senate, preceded by the Hon. George M.
Dallas, Vice President of the United. States, and
its officers, entered the Hall.
The Senators took the seats prepared for them
in the circle in front of the Speaker's chair.
" TheJVice President took the seat of. Presiding J
Officer, the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives being seated at his left hand.
The Sergeants-at-Arms of the two Houses were
on the lower platform, at the right and left.
The Hon. Jefferson Davis, the Teller on the
part of the Senate, took a seat at the Clerk's desk,
supported by the Hon. Washington Barrow and
Robert McClelland, Tellers on the part of the
House of Representatives, who were assisted by
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House.
When thus organized, the two branches of Con-
gress in joint assembly, and the aisles and galleries
densely crowded with ladies and citizens, the Hal!
presented an imposing appearance.
The VICE PRESIDENT then rose and said;
In obedience to law, the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives have assembled, on the present occa-
sion, so that I may fulfill the duty enjoined upon
jne by the Constitution, by opening, in their pres-
ence, the sealed certificates of the lists of persons
voted for, by the Electors in the respective States,
as President and Vice President, cause the votes
to be counted, and have the persons to fill those
offices ascertained and declared, agTeeably to the
Constitution. /
The VICE PRESIDENT then opened the cer-
tificate of the electors of the State of Maine, and
said: I now-open and present to the Tellers chosen
by the two Houses the certificate transmitted by
the Electors of the State of Maine, that the votes
therein recorded may be counted.
Mr. JEFFERSON DAVIS proceeded to read
the certificate, and the vote reported v/as registered
by the tellers in duplicate lists.
The same form was observed with the certifi-
cates from the States of New Hampshire, Massa-
chusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Vermont,
New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Del-
aware.
The certificates fiom the States of Maryland,
Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,Georgia,
Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio, Louisiana, and Mis-
sissippi, were severally presented in succession in
like manner, and read by Mr. Barrow.
Those from Indiana, Illinois, Alabama, Mis-
souri, Arkansas, Michigan, Florida,Texas, Iowa,
and Wisconsin, were read by Mr. McClelland.
The Tellers having read, counted, and registered
the votes of the Electors of the thirty States, and
compared their duplicate lists, delivered the same
to the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT then rose and fead the
report of the Tellers. The result was as follows:
List of Votes for President and T-'iee President of the United
States for four years, commencing March 4, 1S49.
| jor president.
L
vice prlsidetzt.
Taylor. Cass. Fillmore. Butler
Maine* 
j\ew Hampshire., .,
Massachusetts ...
Rhode island !
Connecticut j
Vermont i
New York j
New Jersey :
Pennsj Ivania .... j
Delawaie....... J
Maryland I
Virginia  1..
North Caiolma...j
South Carolina...;..
Georgia j
Kentucky I
Tennessee j
Ohio 
Louisiana *
Mississippi j..
Indiana  
Illinois :.
Alabarrfft J..
Missouri 
Aikansas, 
Michigan 
Florida j
Texas 
fovva I..
Wisconsin '..,
12
4
6-
6
36
7
26
a
8
163
17
6
12
9
9
7
3
5
12
4
6
6
36
7
26
3
8
10
12
13
127
17
9
6
12
9
9
7
3
5
4
4
4
163
* After the returns from the 0A> of Maine had been read,
Mr. Stephens rose and suggested that the reading at length
ol the returns from each Slate in detail be dispensed with.
The Vice President stated that no motion was in order,
and no other mode of proceedin!! coiild be adopted but that
pointed out by the Constitution of the United grates, but that
the tellers might abudge the repoits so far as to give merely
tiie results of tha electoral ballotings of each State.
