1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
The VICE PRESIDENT? of the United States
then, in pursuance of the resolution adopted by
the Senate and House of Representatives on the
7th instant, announced the state of the votes to the-
Houses of Congress in joint meeting, as follows:
. That the whole nOmber of electors appointed to
vote for President and Vice President of tlie Uni-
ted State3 is 290; of which number 146 make a
majority.
The State of the vote for President of the United
States, as delivered by the tellers, is—
For Zachary Taylor, of Louisiana    .,163
For Lewis Cass, of Michigan   127
And the state of the vote for Vice President of
the United States, as delivered by the tellers, is-—
For Millard Fillmore, of New York...... .163
For William O. Butler, of Kentucky.. v . .127
That Zachary Taylor, of Louisiana, had re-
ceived a majority of the whole number of votes of
the electors chosen in the several States to vote for
President of the United States; and that Millard
Fillmore, of New York, had received a majority
of the whole/iumber of the votes of the electors
chosen in the several States to vote for Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
And thereupon,
The VICE PRESIDENT of the United States
declared that 'Zaciiary Taylor, of the State of
Louisiana, is duly elected President of the United
States for the term of four years, to commence on
(he fourth day of March, 1849; and that Millaud
Fillmore, of the State of New York, is duly
elected Vice President of the United States for the
.term of four years, to commence on the fourth day
$>f March, 1849.
The joint meeting of the two Houses of Con-
gress was then dSsolved, and the Senate returned
to its Chamber.
Mr. BARROW", from the Joint Committee ap-
pointed on the part of the House of Representa-
tives to ascertain and report a mode of examining
the votes for President and Vice President of the
United States, and of notifying the persons elected
of their-election, reported the following resolution;
which was read, and unanimously agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of two members be appointed
on the part of the House of Kepresentatives, to join a com-
mittee of one member on the part of the Senate, to wait
upon Zvch**y Taylor, of Louisiana, and inform hun
that he has been duly elected President of the United States
for four 3'ears, to commence on the 4tli day of Match, 1849;
and aUo to wait on Millard Fillmore, of New York, and
inform him that he has been duly elected Vice President of
the United States for four years, to commence on the 4th
day of March, 1S49.
And then the House adjourned.
By Mr. CONGEE: The petition of 54 citizens of Preble,
Cortland oountv, New York, for cheap postage.
By Mr. WENTWORTII: Apetiiiori for a mail route from
BelvuWe, via lie Ka)b Center, to Ottawa. Also, a petition
from citizens of Chicago, for a donation of land foraraii-
road from the Mississippi to ihe lakes.
By Mr. R1CHEY: The petition of Henry Greer and 70
other citizens of Morgan and Perry counties, Ohio, praying
for a mail route from Malta, m Morgan county, via Chapel
Hill, Sunday Creek Cross Roads, and Straitsviiie, in Perry
county, Ohio, to Logan, Hockitu* county, Ohio. AIsq, the
petition of Henry Greer and 71 others, citizens of the fcame
counties, praying for a mail route from Deaver, Morgan
county, Ohio, via Chapel Hill, Perry county, and Oxford,
Athens county, to Athens, Athens county.
' PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. SMART: The petition of T. Hill and 96 others,
citizens of Maine, asking for cheap postage. Also, the pe-
tition of C. C. Cone and others, of Skowhegan, Maine,
asking for the same.
By Mr. EMBREE: The following resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Indiana—A joint resolution in relation to the sol-
diers of the war with Great Britain ; a joint resolution rela-
tive to the harbor at Michigan City; a joint resolution in
relation to the improvement ot the navigation of the Kan-
kakee and Iroquois rivers, m the States or Indiana and
Illinois; a joint resolution in relation to certain official doc-
uments coiinecied wirh ihe conduct of the second Indiana
regiment; a-joint resolution in relation to a grant of lands
for ihe use of the Indiana University,
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: The petition of sundry
citizens of Iowa, prating for the establishment of a mail
route from Agency City, VVapelio county, via Sand Pranie
Floris, to intersect a mail route from iowaville to Bloom-
field. W
By Mr. ECKERT : Four petitions, signed by Henry Myer
and 84 other citizens of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the enactment of a tat iff of specific duties to
save the specie of the country from being exported, and to
prevent the piostration of the farming, manufaetunng, la-
boring, and commetcial interests. Also, one of Tike import,
signed by J- W. Coban and 3*2 other citizens of Lebanon
county, Pennsylvania. Also, another of like import, signed
by Thomas Baird and 16 other cttizens of Berks county,
Pennsylvania.
By Mr PALFREY: The petition of Charles YV. Packard
and 41 others of Lancaster, Massachusetts, praying for uni-
form and reduced rates of postage.
By Mr. WENT WORTH : The petition of citizens of Som-
onauk, De Kalb county, £)r a mail route from Chicago to
Caho. *
By Mr. SMITH, of Illinois: The memorial of Leonard
Loveland and 117 other ciuaens of Macoupin, Jersey, and
Madison counties, piaymg a donation oi land to aid said
State in constructing a lailroad, connecting the upper and
lower Mississippi with the noithem lakes at Chicago. Also,
the memorial of II. G. Shannon and 75 others, citizens of
Raudolph county, Illinois, upon the same subject.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 15, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in relation to the amount expended for pay
and rations of oificers and men of the naval estab-
lishment detailed for coast survey services; whieh
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the annual report of the Commissioner of Patents;
which, on motion of Mr. DAYTON, was referred
to the Committee on Patents. #
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DIX presented a petition from a large num-
ber of persons ofOntario county, New York, pray-
ing for a reduction of postage and the abolition of
the franking privilege; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from citizens
of New York, praying for a modification of the
patent laws; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition from Martin
Dubois, a revolutionary pensioner, asking an in-
crecise of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, pointing out defects in the
existing patent laws, and praying for a remedy;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. WALKER presented two memorials from
citizens of the United States, asking that the pub-
lic domain may he granted in suitable lots to actual
settlers not possessed of other land; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. FELCH, the papeis in rela-
tion to the memorial of the American Board for
Foreign Missions were taken from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, .from the Committee on
Public Lands, made an adverse report on House
bill for the relief 6f William Kingsbury; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported House bill for the relief of William
Mitford, without amendment.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made an adverse report on the petition of
John Milliken and others; which was laid upon
the table.
On motion of Mr. FELCH, the Committee on
Public Lands were discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Samuel Simonton,
and it was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the securities of J.
S. Devlin, administrator of E. J. Weed; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on Claims,
made an adverse report on the petition of "William
Caton, of Anne ArundeV county, Maryland; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported the joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of War to furnish arms
and ammunition to persons emigrating to the Ter-
ritories of Oregon, California, and New Mexico.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported, without amendment, the following
resolution introduced last session:
Resolved, That the Secietary be directed to furnish each
member ot the present Senate, who hos not already received
them, the same number of copies of the Constitution, and
other books ordered to be furnished to the Senators by the
resolution of Febiuaty 8., 1847.
Mr. MASON. It is proper, perhaps, Mr. Pres-
ident, that Senators should have their attention
called to the subject of this resolution. It proposes
to purchase for such Senators as have not here-
tofore had them, as well those books which are
ordtnariijrfurnished to members, as copies of the
Constitution and other books of like character. I
understand it has been the practice, both of the
Senate and of the House of Representatives,
whether right or wrong, to purchase for the indi-
vidual use of Senators books of great general pub-
lic interest, compilations of statistics, State papers,
and other papers in the archives of the Govern-
ment. At the last session, an order was made
directing (he Secretary to purchase certain books,
not for the use of Senators particularly, but for
distribution among our constituents, and a certain
number of copies were purchased. This resolu-
tion embraces both those designed for the use
of Senators and those designed for distribution
amongst our constituents. That is the character
of this resolution, and I state-these facts because I
think it due to the Senate that they should be made
known. I shall feel constrained, as I have done
heretofore, to vote against this resolution.
Mr. BENTON. I object to it. Let it take its
place on the calendar.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The^ question is,
Will the Senate proceed to its consideration?
The motion was put and lost.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a recommendation that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill to authenticate testimony; and
the question being taken, the report was agreed to,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed For
a third reading.
GRANT OF PUBLIC LANDS..
A message was received from, the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk, re-
turning' the bill granting a right of way across the
public lands, and to dispose of said land in aid of
the several States for the construction of railroads
and canals.
Mr. BABGER moved to reconsider the vote by
which that bill had passed the Senate.
The motion lies over.
THE PRESIDENT ELECT.
The VICE PRESIDENT informed the Senate
that no order had beerf made yesterday as to the
appointment of a committee on the part of the Sen-
ate to wait on the President elect, and notify him
of his election.
It was then ordered that the appointment be
made by the Vice President.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. WALKER asked and obtained leave to.
introduce a bill concerning lands lying between the
meander line a^ the middle of the meandered
streams; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, asked and obtained leave
to introduce a bill for the relief of Moses Meeker
and David G-. Bates; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to:
Resolve!, That the Committee 011 Military Affahs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing a grant
of land to the surviving oftu-ers of the army who served to
the termination oi the w*r with Great Britain, commenced
m 1812; ami vyere then discharged trom the service under
the pioviMOns of an act of Congtess for reducing the army;
and ;u-o to the widows and children of tltote who have died
since the close of that v.ar.
PROTOCOL.
Mr. FOOTE moved to take up the subject pend-
ing at the adjournment of the Senate on Saturday,
being the question of printing- the message of the
President of the United States, on the subject of
the protocol, it being his' object to withdraw his
amendment to print 20,000.
The motion was withdrawn by the mover, in
consequence of the absence of the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Manccm,] wtib made ths
•motion to print the documerrt.
DELEGATION OF CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
certain Chippewa Indians, reported a joint reuolu-
