536
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
tion to defray the expenses of them and their inter-
.preter.
In explanation of its object—
Mr. A. said: Mr. President, I am instructed to
report this joint resolution, and 1 ask its imme-
diate consideration. It is a resolution to pay the
sum of §3,000 to a party of Chippewa Indians now
in this city, for the purpose of defraying their ex-
penses, and the expenses of their interpreter in
coming to Washington, for purposes of busi-
ness connected with their tribe, and that an agent
be appsitited to conduct them back as far as De-
troit, and that the agent have his compensation for
such service from this appropriation.
* Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise to inquire
whether the agent who accompanies these Indians
is not an agent of the United States?
Mr. ATCHISON. He is not. As to the pro-
priety of making this appropriation, I presume,
when the facts are made known, there will be no
diilerence of opinion. The Committee on Indian
Aifairs were unanimous as to the propriety of the
appropriation in this particular case; but there was
some difference of opinion as to the amount to be
appropriated. All concurred in the opinion that
$3,00u was little enough. My own opinion was
that the full amount which they asked for should
be allowed; that is, the sum of ^6,000. The opin-
ion of the majority of the committee was based on
the estimates of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, as to what would cover their reasonable ex-
penses. I was of the opinion that the sum of §3,000
would cover all expenses if they were made with
strict economy. But they ask for something further
to enable them to pay some debts which they con-
tracted, in order to enable them to leave their homes
and to get here, and they ask the Government to J
pay the neccssary expense of their families while j
they are on this expedition to Washington. This I
was the only question before the committee—as to :
the higher or lower sum. The sum of $3,000 was l
based on the estimates of the Commissioner of In- !
dian Affairs; and I will move an amendment for the 1
purpose of testing this question, and showing the i
liberality of the Senate, fortius islhefirstdelegation !
of Chippewa Indians that has visited Washington j
for many years, and the reason they allege for j
doing so is satisfactory, they coming on business ot
great importance to their tribes, or at least it was j
deemed so by them. They alleged, in conversa- !
tion with the committee, that the representation of |
the grievances of which tliey complain had been
made to their agents year after year, anifhey say I
that their words were wasted on the wind and had !
never reached the President nor the Congress of ;
the United States. And of this opinion were the !
committee, that their complaints and grievances j
had never yet reached the department of Congiess. j
Hence, thuy concluded to come in person and make
their case known. Now, the only question to be j
determined isr whether, on any pr^jiple of justice,
a small boon from this Government; to ask of this
and the other branch of Congress that the resting-
places where the"bones of their ancestors repose
may be continued to them; that the Government
of the United States would grant them a small
portion of its vast domain among the fastnesses
and marshes of Lake Superior, where their vil-
lages are situated, and where they have been
enabled to obtain a precarious subsistence by gath-
ering the wild rice, cianberries, and other produc-
tions of that distant country. It is true, sir, that
they have come on this mission to make their
wants known to their Great Father without an
invitation from the Secretary of War. But, sir,
these men were entirely ignorant of the regulation
of the department, of which the honorable Senator
from Florida speaks. They had, to them, most
important business to transact, and they did not
doubt their right, as an independent people, to
come here.to make their grievances known. They
selected a gentleman related to them by the'ties of
consanguinity, an intelligent, and, as I under-
stand, a respectable man, to act as their guide and
interpreter. Amidst difficulties of every sort, and
without means, they have worked their way here.
They have visited«the President, Secretary 'of
Wai, and Commissioner of Indian Affairs; have
made known their wants to them, and also to the
Committees of Indian Affairs in both Houses of
Congress. They are now, sir, overwhelmed with
debt, and I know, from their piteous appeals to
my colleague and self, in the utmost distress. If
this appropriation is not made for their relief, I
do not myself see what is to become of them.
Everywhere their mission was approved by all
who became acquainted with them, and e\ery-
where they excited the best sympathies of the
human heart. They are a portion of the fast
fading aborigines of the West; they belong to
that widely-extended and still numerous tiibc of
Indians—the Chippewas. The occasion is one.
as it seems to me, in which every one who has a
particle of feeling should consent to grant to these
children of the foiest this smail pittance, and send
them home satisfied. Their petition for land and
to become citizens has been presented by my friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Felch,] but at too late a
day to be acted on at the present session. I hope
it will be favorably considered at the next.
Air. HANNEGAN. 1 would ask the Senator
from Iowa if these Indians have'not complained
that they were deceived by the Commissioner who
treated with them last, and if they understood that
they should be compelled to move from their pres-
ent places of abode?
Mr. BODGE, of Iowa. I cannot answer that
question, as they have never done so to me; but
they do complain that some eight hundred half-
breeds are allowed to participate in their small
yearly annuity. But that and other like matters,
1 have no doubt, will be promptly and properly
without saying anything ot liberality, we will i collected by the present able and'trustworthy Corn-
allow the full amount winch they ask? And, for
the purpose of testing that question, I move to j
strike out the sum of <,3.000 and insert the sum of '
$6,000, the sum which some of the committee were
■willing to allow. ;
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I desire to inquire 1
> whether this delegation of Indians had authority 1
from the department to come here before they j
started ? j
Mr. ATCHISON. They had not. j
Mr. .YULEE. Kad they the assent of the body i
of their tribes? If this is sanctioned, 1 do not see',!
what is to prevent this delegation coining again to
Washington and giving some plausible excuse as j
a reason why they should come, if it is to be done ,
at our expense. This 1 think will be calculated to !
contuse our leiations with the Indians; and I think jj
it better mat tney should be required to make their I
communications through some proper channel to 'I
the department. If you encourage appeals in per- !|
son to the department ficm Indians against agents, I;
the piobabiiity is, that it will be encouraging con- I
fusion between the Indiana and their agents, and ;[
increase their discoiu-jiits. if you always pay "
their expenses when they come, you, of course, ;l
encourage them to come. I mink the precedent a ji
bud one. I shall oe opposed to it because I think 1
it not neccssary. ;'
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, these !;
Indians come not here to make any complaint, as !j
1 understand. They live some two thousand miie3 ji
beyond where I live. They come here, sir, to ask jj
missioner of Indian Affairs. But, sir, if you were
to go into a calculation as to the millions of acres
of land, the valuable lead and copper mines that
you have acquired fiom these very tribes, soeci-
mens of winch aie to be seen at the War Depart-
ment, and calculate the cost of these, as compared
with their value, there would be a fearful balance
against us. These Indians are now many thou-
sand miles from their homes. Philanthropic gen-
tlemen in Pittsburg, Philadelphia, and elsewhere,
have loaned them sums of money to enable them
to reach here. These debts they wish to pay, and
to have money enough to pay their way home.
Senators can form some idea of the difficulties and
hardships of the homeward journey of these In-
dians, when they are informed, as I learn is the
fact, that it will take thirty days' tiavel from Green
Bay in Wisconsin, on snow shoes, for them to
reach their villages.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I know nothing
of the merits of this case; but, as I understand it,
a delegation of Indian tribes is not permitted to
come here for a purpose of this kind without an
express permission from the War Department,
and I understand they have come in violation of
that rule.
Mr. DODGE, (in his seat.) They wore ignorant
of it.
Mr. YULEE. That may be an excuse for them.
I would ask if the department has recommended
this appropriation?
Mr. ATCHISON. The department has recom-
mended it; and the Commissioner of Indian Aifairs
has made the estimate of expense.
Mr. DAYTON. I wish to inquire whether the
estimate made by the Commissioner will cover the
expenses? It is proposed to increase the sum to
$G_,000, and I desire to be informed on what ground
this addition is recommended. Upon what is it
predicated?
Mr. ATCHISON. It is on the representation
made by the head chiefs themsejves, with whom i-
had a conversation this morning. I have a paper
from them on this point, which I will ask the Sec-
retary to read.
The Secretary read the communication, as fol-
lows:
Ji last appeal to ovr Fathers in Committee Council.
Fathers: We have already said to you that we came here
on behalf of our hand?, to obtain a grant ot land as a perirfe-
nent home for them at their present village*. Tins was our
first great object, and we iiope it will some day be done.
We have also told you that we have been and are now at
great expense, and have incurred heavy debts. We have
estimated these debus, and'the sum necess-ary to take us
home decently and pay the debts of our families, at §6,000*
We now hear that oui father, the Commissioner, lias not
estimated so much as the above sum as beiqg necessary to
our wants. We tear he has not calculated lor tlie travel
from Green Bay, and the additional expenses at this season
of the jear. We reside, many of us, thnty days' march
from Green Bay, beyond that point, in an mtenor now cov-
ered with snow, and which will remain thus frozen and
covered for two or three months yet? We shall need many
things, costing much money, to take us home comfortably
fiom that place. The closest estimate which we can make
brings the whole amount of debts and expenses for going
homo at $6,000. Tins will allow us about $50 each for
clothing, and £>100 each to pay the debts of our families at
home, alter paying what we already owe, and the expenses
of the trip. Thi->  s certainly a small allowance; and we
therefore pray our fathers to give us $6.COO, *-o that we may .
have enough, and we assure them this'would allow us but
little to spaie.
Of the amount which may be lipproprigfted, a certain por-
tion should be paid immediately to our friend, relative, and
interpreter, Major Martell, to whom we owe $500 for money
advanced and goods mrnished, and who is aUo responsible,
iu his individual capacity, for the debts contracted by us along
the route. His property in our countiy, worth $4,0C0, all'
that he has in the world, is or may be made responnble on
our account, and we wish to prevent such a lo*s to him.
fJe^ came with us at our own solicitation. He has acted
faithtully toward us, and proved that the confidence we have
for years placed in him has been well deserved. We hope
that lie may be feent home with us. The appointment of any
other agent would be a disgrace to our relative, and we should
deserve death at the hands of our people if we did not at least
speak a word in his defence. We have already said that we
hold him by the right hand, and do not mean to let him go.
We do not ask, and he does not desire, that the money be
placed in his hands. We all ask, however, that he may not
be utterly discredited, and a shame brought upon him and all
of us through a belief in evil report? against h m, which we
know are not true. He freely trusted us the £500; he freely
assumed our debts—can wedc-serthim.? Wehopeour fathers
will listen to us.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I know nothing
of Major Martell, and I would ask if there is any
guarantee that the Indians will receive the money?
I do not know the man; and with many of the
agents who come on friendly missions for the In-
dians I apprehend it may be said of them, as of
another class of persons, they are "like unto the
thorn-bush, whereunto, when the sheep flee for
shelter, they leave not the same without leaving a
part of the fleece." I should hke to have some
guarantee that these Indians will receive the amount
appropriated to them.
Mr. ATCHISON. If I understand the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, he is opposed
to placing this money in the hands of the agent
now accompanying these chiefs. According to the
provisions of the resolution, the Secretary of War
can place the money in the hands of an agent,
to take charge of it for them on their way to De-
troit. ^
Mr. JONES. MW*3President, my colleague and
myself have received letters recommendatory of
Major Martell from gentlemen known to be of
the highest respectability, and upon whose decla-
rations the most implicit reliance can be placed.
Among those who have introduced him to us by
letter I refer with pleasure to Captain James May,
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, well known also to
yourself, sir, as a gentleman of veracity and of ex-
alted character. Major Martell was recofnmehded
to Captain May by the Rt. Rev. Bishop of Cin-
cinnati, to whom he was avouched for by his
parish priest at the SauItSt. Utarie, Michigan, and
by others in whom he could and did place entire
confidence. But, sir, whether this important charge
against Major Martell be true or not, and whether
coming highly recommended or not, he is the man
in whom these Chippewas repose confidence; and,
as they desire that he should be continued to act
