1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
with and for them as their special agent or con-
ductor, I think that he should not be superseded,
but that he should be permitted to return with them
in the same capacity; that the money should be
placed in his or tKeir own hands, that they may
use it, .as they have occasion, to pay off debts
already contracted by them in coming here, and to
defray their expenses on their return homewards.
I hope the resolution will pass.
Mr. ATCHISON. As to the money being
placed in the hands of thg proper person, the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs can appoint a safe agent
to go part of the way home with them.
A Chippewa Indian,.of the name of Chumway,
belonging to a Canada band, was m the city, and
wrote a letter to the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, which produced some doubt as to the pro-
priety of.giving this money to Major Martell. So
fer as the testimony of that Chippewa chief goes,
it amounts to this. This is the tale they tell:
Whilst in Baltimore, Martell was treated by some
gentlemen there with champagne and other rich
wine, and as he was not used to any drink stronger
than whiskey, [laughter,] the consequence was,
that the next day he had the headache, and was
indisposed to receive visits. But, in addition to
that, they say that they have learned that your
great chiefs and councillors take this beverage
freely, and nothing is said about it. [Laughter.]
At any rate, they have great confidence in Major
Martell. They say that he is no drunkard; that
this thing happened for the first and only time at
Baltimore. But, lest there may be some cause of
complaint, we propose that some discreet person
shall see to the disbursement of this sum.
Mr. KING. Is there an Indian agent residing
at this station? a
Mr. ATCHISON. There is a sub-agent..
Mr. KING. It is proper to say, that Congress
has acted "on the principle of discountenancing the
practice of Indians coming to Washington for pur-
poses of this kind, except through the agents;
otherwise, we would be liable to have Indians
coming here and asking for what they are not en-
titled to. In this case they may be entitled to what
they ask from Government; but, sir, if you give
this money, it is all important that you give it to
the people themselves. 1 know nothing about this
man, but I know how these things are sometimes
brought about; how the Indians are deceived; and
that in many instances these white men who come
here, and make such a show of friendship for the
Indians, pocket two-thirds of the money, and the
-Indians get none. All I ask is, that these Indians
be provided for, and that all over and above what
is necessary to defray their expenses be distributed
to the Indians by the agent residing there, and
that you will not allow this man to have it, to put
it in his own pqpket, provided he comes here, as
many do, for this purpose. I trust the joint reso-
lution may be so amended as to guard against the
possibility of this individual's pocketing the money.
Mr. ATCHISON. I agree to the propriety of
guarding this money, and hope it will be so ar-
ranged that, if there is anything over and above
what is necessary to pay expenses, the agent
should pay the rest to the chiefs themselves.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, I desire to say a
word in reference to the agent spoken of by the
honorable Senator from Alabama. The Chip-
pewa tribes once owned most of the territory em-
braced in Michigan, and a large portion of Wis-
consin. There is no agent residing with the bands
who are now represented here. The Chippewas
are lesiding in several different Imnds, some in the
country oil the borders of Lake Superior, and
some on the banks of the Mississippi, and in the
intermediate region, the northwest, in a country
extending over a vast territory. There is a sub-
agent residing at La Point, on Lake Superior.
These tribes whom these chiefs represent are
scattered over a wide region, and have little com-
"mumcation with the agent at Detroit or the sub-
agent at the Point. As regards these Indians,
they have complained many years of a want of
attention to some matters of importance to tliepn,
that they desired to have represented to the Gov-
ernment. One was, for*instance, that in the dis-
tribution of the amount of their annuities, the
half-breeds were allowed to participate, to the
injury of the Indians themselves. That is one;
and then they have "asked that they may have
lands and own them for cultivation, and become
citizens. Another complaint \vas, a bad selection
of goods, with which they were furnished under
the treaty. Several of these matters have been sub-
jects of complaint for years,and not understanding
well the usages of the Government, they thought
it best to come to make their appeal in person.
Now, as to the agent who comes with them, whom
they call a brothei, I know little of him personally.
I have heard of him, and know something ofj-um
by reputation. 1 know enough of his reputation
at home to satisfy me that he. is not in the habit of
intoxication, and moreover, that he has not got up
this expedition for the sake of the money, and that
the chief Indians have cairie, not-at their solicitation
or his," but by the desire of their tribes assembled
in council. They first requested this man, who is
connected with the tribe, to come alone, and pre-
pared for him credentials as their agent.' He re-
fused to come, and finally they concluded to come
themselves, and sohcitedhim to accompany them.
That is the position in which he stands here, and
in reference to these chiefs. The resolution under
discussion fully guards against a wrong use of the
money by him or others. It leaves it to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to decide whether it
shall be put into his hands or^nto the hands of
another agent. This gives a full guarantee that
whatever money shall be given, it will be used for
thepurpose for which it was appropriated. I hope
the amendment will be adopted. If I uudeistand
it, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, ill making
his estimate of $3,000, has allowed only sufficient
to pay their necessary expenses already incurred,
and for their return towards home as far as De-
troit, where they will be left thirty days'journey
from their residences. Now, the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Missouri,
making up the sum to $6,000, I think will cover
only what will be necessary to pay all the expenses
of the journey.
The head chiefs are now come here in the season
of hunting, relinquishing, at the request of their
bands, the pursuit of game necessary for the sup-
port of their families, whom they have left without
support, and under xhe necessity of obtaining ci edit
for their necessary subsistance from the Indian
traders. It seems to me that it is no more than
right that this compensation should be made now.
They were under the necessity to obtain an outfit
to come here. I am for checking all these Indian
appropriations, so far as can be done with propriety.
I look with suspicion on many proposals which are
made here for appropnations-of money to Indian
tribes, and to individuals claiming rights growing
out of their transactions with them. But, in this
instance, it seems to me, that having come here in
perfect good faith, and only asking what is neces-
sary to meet their expenses, it is but due to them
and this Government to carry out the same liberal
and just policy which has hitherto marked the
course of this Government. Why, sir, to send
these Indians home without giantmg this sum,
although they may have been mistaken as to their
interest in coming, to send them home in bad hu-
mor, and disaffected with our Government, and
feeling that there was a want of liberality towards
them, would be bad policy on our part, and a wrong
and injustice to them.
The question being put upon the amendment,
upon a division it was agieed to: Ayes 26, noes
not counted.
The joint resolution was then reported to the
Senate.
Mr. KING. I was under the impression that
the resolution was to be further amended. As it
now stands, the six thousand dollars will go into
the hands of the individual who accompanied the
Indians to this place.
Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, it will go into the hands
of this agent to the extent that may be necessary
to defray their expenses; and if theie should be
any suiplus^I suppose it will go to the Indians
themselves. But I am quite willing that the reso-
lution should be further amended, as the Senator
from Alabama proposes, so that tiie money shall
be paid over to the Indians themselves by the Su-
perintendent of Indian Affaus.
Mr. BUTLER, i would suggest that there
ought to be some mode of compelling this agent
to account for the money.
Mr. ATCHISON. That I suppose may readily
be done.
The question was then taken upon the engross-
ment; and the joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was then, by unanimous consent,.read
a third time and passed.
PRIVATE BILLS MRS. BIX.-
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, moved to take
up for eonsideradbn the bill granting a pension to
Mrs. Dix, widow of the late Colonel Dix of the
United States army.
Mr. MASON. I understand that this day is
set apart by a resolution for the consideration of
bills on the private calendar. I hope that order
will be adhered to.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is a private bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
| of the Chair, this is such a bill as comes within
the meaning of the resolution, and it is competent
for the Senator from Louisiana to move to take it
up.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will not be taken up.
There are other cases as meritoiious, and there is
no reason why this should be taken up out of its
j-'order. If the honorable chairman does not make
the motion, I shall myself, that in proceeding with
the bills on the private calendar, we consider those
only which will give rise to no debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Most of the bills on the pri-
vate calendar are House bills, and they can be
acted upon at any time. The one I refer to is a
Senate bill, and, unless we act upon it soon, there
may not be time for its passage through the House.
1 presume that it will give rise to no dfcbate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 hope the motion
of the Senator from Louisiana will be agreed to,
and that we will pass the bill without another
word of debate.
The motion was, on a division)agreed to—ayes
30, noes not counted.
And the Senate proceeded to the consideration
of the bill as in Committee pf the Whole.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish the chairman of the
Committee on Pensions to inform me, the Senate,
and the country, whether this is not the entering
wedge for a new system of pensions. I wish to
know, sir, whether widows of all the officers in the
army who may die, notm the service, or rather not'
of wounds received in the service, or of disease
contracted m the service, but who die from disease
11 contracted like the ordinary citizens of the country,
I are to be pensioned or not r 1 see no reason, sir, why
Mrs. Harney, Mrs. Jesup, and all the other widows
I of officers of the army should not receivc pensions
! as well as Mrs. Dix, when their husbands died under
! similar circumstances. There are cases in which
J officers have died heretofore in the same way—•
. that is, when not in service, and from disease not
contracted during service—and, if this bill passes,
I should be disposed to give pensions in those
cases also, if they are equally meritorious in other
respects. This mode of selecting special cases,
instead of passing^a general law, is a course of
legislation that I am opposed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I had hoped
that this bill would pass without the slightest ob-
jection. Colonel Dix was one of those gallant
officers who were educated at West Point, and
who contributed so much to the success of our arms
in Mexico. The whole of those gallant officers
who were educated at that institution, and who
served in Mexico, were highly distinguished for
their skill and bravery. In the battle at Buena
!' Vista, two of them, Colonels McKee and Clay,
|i fell gloriously in the discharge of their duty, cov-
! ered with imperishable renown. Another, after a
jj high display of military skill and bravery, fell dan-
jj gerously wounded, but still lives, and is now an
,! ornament to this Senate. Colonel Dix, then a ma-
il jor, was in the thickest of the fight, and displayed
| great bravery. He was greatly exposed, and
!' almost miraculously escaped uninjured. In the
II reports of the Commanding Generals, Major Dix
; is noticed in terms of high commendation, and is
j represented as having rendered very valuable aid
11 by his gallantry in rallying the troops which had
;; been thrown into confusion, and were retieatmg,
!] fn consequence of a violent charge by a large force
il of the enemy. He received a brevet for his gallant
i conduct on that occasion. In fact, no officer was
I more distinguished for his bravery.
; Colonel Dix died hot on the field of battle, but
' he died on his return home from Mexico, in the
public service, in the line of his duty, by a disease
contracted by exposure while in the seruce: and
his wife and children, who are in indigentcircum-
il stances, are justly entitled to a pension, and I feel
