540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
great question may be whether we should not pass
a general law embracing every case like this, it
seems to me that this partial method of legislation
is exceedingly exceptionable, and ought to be so,
to tKe people of this'country. What is the differ-
ence, I ask, between the widow of this distin-
guished, and no doubt excellent and gallant officer,
and the "widow of Colonel Croghan? If I rightly
understand, he recently died of the cholera at New
Orleans, where he was in the service of his coun-
try. And how many, can we tell how many rep-
resentatives of individual soldiers, who have died
in like manner, will press forward and insist upon
it that a- law embracing their cases shall be passed?
If, then, it shall be the opinion of this Senate, or
of the Congress, that we cannot with propriety
pass a general law embracing all similar cases,
■why should we attempt to pass a law embracing
an individual case, that of the widow of a distin-
guished and gallant officer, to be sure, who died
almost within sight of this Capitol, as 1 may say,
and with whose family every heart must sympa-
thize. For my own part, 1 do not know, how-
ever, whether this pension ought to be given en-
tirely and exclusively to the widow, or in part to
the children.
Mr. President, I have conducted my mind to the
conclusion that the greatest danger of this Repub-
lic is to result from its extravagance in expend-
itures. Year after year we advance a little and
a little further in our extravagances, forgetful that
every appropriation we make, no matter for what
purpose, is t  increase the taxes upon the people
in some form or other. I do think that we are
moving on in this way, taking up here an indi-
vidual case because it excites our sympathies with-
out much regard to principle, until at last we shall
overstride all the powers that were originally in-
tended to be conferred upon us by the Constitution
of our country. Who is it that we shall not sad-
dle as pensioners upon our country, in some shape
or form, if we go on in this way ? If we continue
in this course, it will soon be here as in Europe—
one-half of our countrymen will be reduced to a
state of absolute starvation in order to support the
residue.
To what else it is owing now that in Europe we
see such a state of things at present? It results
from the corruptions of-the past, from the manner
in wfiich favoritism has been extended to particu-
lar families, and from the advantages which have
been given to capital over labor in a thousand
instances ill those countries.
But I do not wish to detain the Senate- upon
such a sublet. I know it is a question in which
a man must be considered exceedingly hardened
if he does not, at once, consent to allow money to
be taken out of the public treasury for the purpose
of relieving the necessities of the applicant. But
the Senate should seriously reflect upon the steps
we are so rapidly taking. I do believe, in the sin-
cerity of my heart, that if this Republic is des-
tined to go to ruin—and I hope it will be long be-
fore that event shall take place—if ever so great a
misfortune is to be experienced by the woild, it is
to be more in consequence of the manner in which
the public funds are used than any other cause. 1
believe, in the sincerity of my heart, that all the
agitation now alive in this country upon the^sub-
ject of slavery, all the divisions and excitements
that have been created between the northern and
southern sections of the country, will never be
half as dangerous to the perpetuity of this Repub-
lic as this practice that we are getting into. In-
deed, this seems to be the practice of all Govern-
ments; as they grow older they grow more loose
in icgard to these matters. 1 repeat that 1 cannot
see any difference between the case of the distin-
guished Colonel Croghan and that of Colonel Dix,
and 1 would ask the Senate if there may not be
hundreds, perhaps thousands of cases of equal
merit with this? If not, then I am greatly mis-
taken; and, if I am right in this opinion, let us
pass a general law that will embrace all similar
cases, or else pass no law at all.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I am so much
in the practice of following the judgment of the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] that it is
with great reluctance I differ with him on the pres-
ent occasion. But, sir, his whole argument, to
my mind, seemed to be, thatbecause we did wrong
in the beginning, and were still doing wrong to
naval officers, we should extend that wrong to the
army. It seems, that in the early history of our
country, a naval pension fund was established by
our navy, from a portion of the pay of the officers
and men, which was yearly set aside for the pur-
pose, and from which fund the officers and sailors
received their pensions. By some means or other,
that fund was lost, and the Government corn-
menced paying these naval pensions out of the
treasury ; and because that has be^B, the Senator
from Missouri would pension the whole army, or
the family of every officer who happens to die.
Now, sir, in this case, it seems to me there is
not a shadow of a claim. This gentleman, dis-
tinguished as he was—and%ie was very distin-
guished for his private virtues, and for his gal-
lantry in the hour of danger—who had been in the
country, passing from one place to another, for
months, perhaps for a year, in the ordinary dis-
charge of his duty, died, like any other citizen
might have died, by the way-side, by a disease
contracted on his journey. For that reason, the
Senator from Missouri would give to his family a
pension. Sirk I would have no objection to pen-
sion everybody, or the descendants of everybody
who have fought and bled for their country, if we
had money enough to do so. But, sir, all the
money in our treasury—all the sweat and toil of
our laboring men, tax them as you might—could
not get money enough to give pensions to every-
body that would ask for them. By pursuing this
system, we shall, by-and-by, have everybody
knocking at our doors for pensions. This brings
to my mind a case much stronger than that of
Colonel Dix.,
A poor man in my neighborhood, John Bowyer
by name, entered the army as a private soldier, a
volunteer. He fought in every battle from Vera
Cruz to the city of Mexico. He was discharged
at the close of the war, but on his way home he
became sick from a disease which he had contracted
during the war, and lingered in the hospital at New
Orleans, and every other place in which he could
obtain shelter; and in wandering here to obtain his
bounty land, he fell down exhausted from disease
and fatigue upon the track of a railway, and was
killed by a locomotive. He lefya widow and chil-
dren to mourn his untimely fate, but no man would
think of giving a pension to John Bowyer's widow,
lie had no rich and powerful connections, and he
was a poor private soldier.
The case before us addresses itself to our feelings
because this distinguished officer was a relative of
a distinguished statesman, for whom no man in
the world can have higher regard than I have; but
if it did not come so near to us, no one here would
think of granting a pension to the widow and chil-
dren of Col_onel Dix.
The law' would have given a pension to his
widow if he had died in battle, or if he had died
on his way home, from disease contiacted in the
service, but there is no substantial claim of this
kind here. If you grant this pension, you will
soon be called upon to pension the family of every
officer who may die in the army, for all time to
come. And why shall they be pensioned rather
than the families of men in other branches of the
Government m time of peace? Much better would
it be to pension the widows of the private soldiers
who have died in battle, or the mothers of the gal-
lant young volunteeis, the only support of their
aged mothers, who fell gallantly fighting the battles
of their country. The private soldier's scanty pay
was often divided with the wile or mother at
home, and at his death, for want of it, the meal-
tub was empty, and the pot ceased to boil; but no
one here would tlunk of pensioning any of these
humble individuals, for the law prohibits it; and
if we are to be governed by the law, let }t be a
strict and impartial law, that will reach the high
and the low, the weak and the strong.
But 1 am sorry to occupy so much time on this
subject, and paruculaily sorry, because there are
many other cases of great importance to those In-
tel ested m them, but which as they grow older are
prevented from being forwarded. I therefore move
to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Senator withdraw
his motion for a moment? 1 wish to say a few
words upon this matter.
Mr. CAMERON. If the gentleman will renew
the motion to lay on the table, I will withdraw
it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I dislike to
occupy any portion of the lime of this body, but
it seems to me that I would be doing injustice, not
to my feelings, but to my sense of honesty and
propriety, if I were to pass" by the present bill
without saying a few words. I do not impugn
the motives of gentlemen who are opposed to it,
because there is no middle ground between oppo-
sition and support. I have no position to take but
one in support: of the bill, and 1 take that position
from a sense of justice to the descendants or to
the representatives of Colonel Dix. I need say
nothing m commendation of that gallant officer.
Sir, his services were his highest eulogium. He
was a soldier, an officer, and a gentleman. His
death arose from the circumstance of his rendering
service to his country, and that service connected
immediately with the Mexican war. I think no
question as to the justice of the claim of his widow
to a pension should have arisen. He had not
returned to his home. He was detained upon
duty. In the discharge of that duty, connected
with and inseparable Trom the Mexican war, he
deceased. If he had fallen in battle, or on his
way to the United States, no one, I presume,
would dispute the just and equitable claim of his
representatives to a pension. The compact made
by the United States with its soldiers did not cease
till they had returned to their homes. If a soldier
deceased on the way to the United States, or to
his home, the Government had not dissolved the
connection, because they were to be marched to
their homes and discharged.
Now, Colonel Dix had not been discharged pre-
vious to his death; he was in the service of the
country at the time of his decease; he had not
reached home, because he had been detained by
his duties, growing out of and connected with the
I 'Mexican war; he was engaged in the discharge of
those duties when he was, unfortunately for his
family and his country, struck down by the shaft
of death. Consequently, the compact between him
and his Government was not dissolved; and, there-
fore, it is clear that his representatives are entitled,
according to a just interpretation of the law, leav-
ing all idea of liberality and generosity out of the
question, to a pension. It seems to me that there
cannot be any -difference of opinion in relation
to this point, when gentlemen come calmly to
consider and weigh all the circumstances of the
case.
Sir, it is not because of his rank, or the circum-
stance that he has left an illustrious name behind
him, that I would support the claim of hisjieirs
in preference to the heirs of the humblest soldier
that had a place in the ranks of our gallant army.
The honorable gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Walker] said that he could not consent to the
extension of our pensiqn laws; that he thought it
would be deleterious in influence and w'rSng in
principle to extend their benefits to the exalted
unless the humble should also be permitted to share
in their blessings. Sir, if every one of #ie forty
thousand men who served so faithfully and fought
so gallantly in Mexico had perished on their wpy
home, I would have voted a pension to every wid-
ow or every orphan left as a representative of any
of those soldiers, even though it should have in-
volved this nation for ten years, and been a draught
upon our revenue for many years to come. It is
not the condition or station of the individual that
will regulate my action, but simply the question
as to the justice or injustice of granting this pen-
sion. I would grant it; and why? Because the
person in whose behalf this claim was made, or
upon whose merits the claim is based, died in ser-
vice immediately connected with the war, and no
question as to the justness of the claim could have
arisen had he fallen in the field of battle.
It is impossible to separate these two phases of
the question. Colonel Dix died in the service of
his country, in the war with Mexico, just as clearly
as if he had been struck down by disease contracted
within the boundaries of that country, or slain
upon the battle-field. This is not a special case.
But if it were to extend a general principle to anal-
ogous cases, I would at once support it, and I
wouid not hesitate. If we are to look for prece-
dents, we shall find some of days gone by that
would not be very worthy of imitation; but if it be
necessary to create a precedent, I would do it when
justice and right demand it, withput reference to
any precedents before it. This being guided by
precedents will do very well in courts of judica-
ture. It is very well that judges should be regu-
lated in their decisions in relation to matters that
have been ascertained and fixed by precedents.
