1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
But I understand that the object of legislation is to
remedy evils to which the law does not extend,
and where equity and justice appeal to the judg-
ment of legislators.
Under these circumstances, I shall support this
bill, and I shall do so from a sense of justice to the
representatives of this individual, because it was
in" the discharge of his duties connected with the,
Mexican war that' he deceased; and I cannot for
one moment believe that it will work injustice to.
the nation to do justice to the representatives of
this individual, who perished in the service of his
country.
Mr. President, I would go further. If now, in
time of peace, an officer were ordered upon ex-
traordinary service, and in the performance of that
service were to die, I would vote to pension his
family, equally as if he had fallen upon the field
of battle. I would mete out justice according to
right. There is no danger of bankruptcy to the
treasury from the granting of this pension; for
perhaps a case similar to this does not exist in the
history of the army of the present day. For these
reasons I shall vote for this bill, and I shall vote
forevery similar claim that can ever be presented
to this body; and then I shall have only acquitted
myself of a conviction of duty that rests upon my
mind, that we should do justice under all circum- i
stances, both to the exalted and the humble. I
will now renew the motion to lay the bill upon the
table, which the Senator from Pennsylvania so
courteously withdrew at my request.
The motion to lay on the table was then agreed
to by the following vote:
YEAS—-Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Berrien, Bradbury,
Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Corwin, Davis of Massa-
chusetts, Dayton, Fitzpatrick, Hale, Hunter, King, Mason,
. Metcalfe, Pearee, Spiuanee, Turney, Underwood, Upham,
Walker, and Yulee—24.
NAYS —Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Benton, Borland,
Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dodge of Iowa, Downs,
Feleh, Foote, Greene, Hannegan, Houston, Johnson of Lou-
isiana, Jones, Miller, Phelps, Stuigeon, Webster, and West-
cott—32.
WILLIAM A. SLACUM.
The Senate took up the bill for the relief of \he
personal representatives of William A. Slacum,
deceased.
The House having nonconcured in the amend-
ment jof the Senate to this bill—
Mr. HANNEGAN moved that the Senate insist
on their amendment, and the motion having been
agreed to, it was
Ordered, That a Committee of Conference be appointed,
the appointment to be made by the Chair.
A. C. BRYAN AND OTHERS.
Mr. METCALFE moved to postpone the prior
orders, and to take up the bill for the relief of A. C.
Bryan and others; which was decided in the neg-
ative.
JOHN P. BALDWIN.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill for the
relief of J. P. Baldwin.
On motion of Mr. BRADBURY, the !jpl was
laid on the table.
COLONEL WILLIAM GRAYSON.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Colonel Wil-
liam Grayson.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the bill was laid
on the table.
HOUSE BILLS.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing bills and resolutions; which were read a
third time and passed; ■
A bill for the relief of George Newton;
A bill for the relief of Jesse Young;
A bill for the relief of Nancy Tompkins, mother
of John Chase;
A bill for the relief of James Glynn and others;
A joint resolution concerning the settlement of
the accounts of William Speiden, purser in the
navy of the United States;
A joint resolution for the relief of H. M. Barney.
TIMOTHY P. ANDERSON.
The Senate then proceeded to consider a bill
authorizing the renewal of a patent for the benefit
of the widow and heirs-at-iaw of Timothy P. An-
derson, deceased.
The bill being under consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole—
Mr. BALDWIN moved to amend the bill by
inserting the words " or assigns."
A discussion took place, in which Mr. WEST-
COTT, Mr. UNDERWOOD, Mr. DAVIS of
Mass., Mr. DICKINSON, Mr. PHELPS, and
Mr. BALDWIN participated.
Mr. BADGER moved to lay the bill on the
table, which was agreed to—ayes 20, noes 18.
JOHN A. BRYAN.
The joint resolution for the relief of John A.
Bryah was considered and laid on the table—ayes
23, noes 18.
Mr. ATCHISON subsequently moved to take
up this bill, in order to make it the order of the
day for Thursday next; but the motion was de-
cided in the negative.
J. M. GILLIS. •
The Senate then proceeded to consider the joint
resolution for the relief of J. M. Gillis and others.
Mr. NILES moved to lay the joint resolution
on the table; which was decided in the negative—
ayes 11, noes 25.
j The question being on ordering the resolution to
; be read a third time—
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. As the gentleman from
I Connecticut has moved to lay this resolution upon
] the table, I would be very glad if he would favor
! us with his reasons for making that motion.
] A Senator. That motion has been decided.
I Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 understand that motion
I has been decided, but it was decided without our
I being furnished with the information which I de-
sire. My object is to obtain that information now.
The Senator from Connecticut has doubtless rea-
sons that are satisfactory to his own mmd why
this joint resolution should not pass. When I have
heard those reasons, if I approve of them, I shall
vote with the Senator; consequently, I desire to
hear them.
Mr. NILES. I can give my reasons in few
words. I am opposed to the passing of any law
that 1 cannot understand. Another reason is, that
we are carrying out, step by step, a policy which
has drawn a very large sum of money from the
treasury, in the shape of extra allowances, on ac-
count of this Exploring Expedition. Now, this
was nevera part of the expedition, but it is dragged
in because it is presumed that it may seem to have
some'connection with it. It was m reality no part
of the expedition. This officer performed his ser-
vice voluntarily, I suppose. It was a service which
he could not have been obliged to perform against
his will, but he voluntarily performed it. It was
an honorary service, and probably sought for; and
now, ten years afterwards, because we have been
liberal beyond all measure to others in any way
connected with the expedition, or who have at-
tempted to connect themselves with it, he comes
in and expects to be paid according ■ to the same
liberal rule.
Mr. MILLER. With regard to the extra al-
lowance, I believe it is two dollars a day. The
report states that he acted under orders of the Navy
Department, in a service that was considered as
having connection with the Exploring Expedition,
-and it is highly proper, I think, that an officer on
service ashore, under the direction of the Navy
Department, should be paid as well as those who
performed services at sea. It appears that he per-
formed extra services, and for those services he is
clearly entitled to compensation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, was ordered to a third reading, and
read a third time.
The question being upon its passage, the yeas
and nays were asked and refused, and then the
joint resolution was passed without a division.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 15, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr. FRENCH, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the petition and papers ot John Young.
Mr. DARLING asked leave to introduce a bill
of which previous notice had been given, entitled
" An act supplementary to an act fdr the relief of
J. P. B. Gratiot, and the legal representatives of
Henry Gratiot: objected to.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, of Penn., it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdiaw tiom the files
of the House the petition and papeis of Catharine Abel.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Georgia, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to uithdrawfrom the files
of the House the petiuon and papers of Wesley Leaku.
I call for the regular'order of
A message was received from the Senate, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had passed „the fol-
lowing^ resolution, in which the Senate requested
the concurrence of the House, viz:
Resolved, That a committee of one member be appointed
on the part of the Senate to join a committee of two mem-
bers on the part of the House of Representatives-, to wait"
upon Zaehary Taylor, of Louisiana, and inform him that lie
has been-duly elected President of the United Slates'for .
tour years, to commence on the fourth day of March, 1849';
and also, to wait upon Millaid Fillmore, of New York, and
inform him that he has been duly elected Vice President of
the United States for four years, to commence on the fourth
day of March, 1849.
And also, requesting of the House of Represent-
atives the return of the bill from the Senate "to
grant the right of way across the public lands, and
to dispose of said land inlaid of the several States
in the construction of railroads and canals.'"
^ Mr. ASHMUN inquired what was the regular,
order of business?
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSO.LL rose (he said) to a
privileged question. *
The SPEAKER, (in reply to Mr. Ashmun.)
The call of committees for reports until the House
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. This day being Thursday, is set apart by
the rule for calling over the calendar of the Com-
mittee of the Wholeon the state of the Union—that
bills to which no objection is made may be acted
upon,
Mr.-ASHMUN.
business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. J. R. Ingersoll] rises to a privileged
question.
Mr. INGERSOLL offered the following resolu-
tion; which was consideied and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk, under the supervision of tbe
Committee on Accounts, pay to the witnesses who appeared
before the Committee on the Judiciary, in the matter con-
cerning Judge Uonkling, ot New York, out ot the contingent
fund of this House, such per diem and mileage compensation
as they may be legally and justly entitled to; and tbrat he
also pay to the clerktosaid committee the per diem compen-
sation usually allowed for similar services.
Mr. WHITE asked leave to move thatthe Com-
mittee of the Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill to release George
R. Ward, of thecity of New York, from his respon-
sibility as surety to the Government. It was an
exceedingly hard case, (he said,) and one which
the House would not probably be able to reach
upon the private calendar. He therefore asked
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, that it might now be put
upon its passage.
Mr? ASHMUN said lie called for the regular
order of business, because he knew that if one
proposition of this kind were entertained, there
would be applications for a dozen others. The
gentleman could not, in this way, accomplish any
purpose he desired. The House "would not select
one bill from the private calendar in preference to
all the others. He would yield anything to the
gentleman from New York that he would to any-
body else. He therefore insisted upon his motion,
but would modity it, so as to provide that the
Speaker should pioceed to call the committees for
reports for one hour.
The SPEAKER. The House may insist on
the regular order of busmees, which will be the
reception of reports. The first business in order
is the report made from the Committee on Rules
and Orders by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Cobb.]
Mr. COBB. I hope the House will dispose of
it now.
Mr. GOGGIN rose (he said) to a privileged
question; and on his motion, by general consent,
the letter of the Postmaster General, transmitting
copies of abstracts of otfers for carrying the mails,
of contracts made for the transportation of the
mails, of statements of such land and water mails
established or;ordered, a report of additional allow-
ances made to the contractors, and a report of cur-
tailments of mail service, and report of fines im-
posed and deductions made from the pay of the
contractors, within the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1848, was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
, CONTINGENT APPROPRIATIONS.
The proposed new rule reported by Mr. Cobb
was then read, as follows:
"It shall not be in older to consider or act upon any or-
der, resotuUon,or motion, wlieit by it is pioposetl tocruate a
charge upon the contingent fund of the House, or dispose of
