THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
any portion of the same, except in cases of printing, until the
same tms been considered and reported on by the Commit-
tee on Accounts,; and all such propositions shall, on their
introduction, be referred, by virtue of this rule, to said com-
mittee.; nor shall a motion to suspend this rule be entertained
except by unanimous consent."
Mr. KAUFMAN, observing that this rule had
been discussed atsome length at a previous stage
of the session, that he believed it to be a very im-
portant one, and that it had been unanimously
fepOited by the Committee on Ruies, moved the
previous question.
Mr. F1CKLIN asked for the reading of the
rale, which was again .read, no objection being
made.
Mr. KAUFMAN 'called far tellers on seconding
the previous question, who were ordered, viz; Mr.
Kaufman and Mr. Evans, of Maryland, who (the
question having been taken) reported ayes 73, noes
53—a second.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. HUDSON and Mr. ASHMUN rose simul-
taneously, and moved that the resolution be laid
on the table, the latter gentleman remarking, that
the rule, if adopted, jvould put the House under
the control of any one member.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered;
and being taken, were—yeas 88,-nays 79.
So the proposed rule was laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, inquired of the
Chair whether it would now be in order to move
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ? •
The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. VINTON rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He moved that the House proceed to
the consideration of the motion heietofore made
by him to reconsider the vote by which the bill
providing for the organization ofa new department
of the Government, to be called the Department of
the Interior, had been ordered to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER said that motion would take
precedence over the motion to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said he believed that
the motion which he was about to make would
have precedence over either of the other motions.
A message had been received from the Senate re-
questing the House to return to that body the bill
heretofore sent to this House, granting the right
of way across the public lands, &c. It was usual
to respond promptly to a message of that kind.
He trusted that it would be acted upon at once,
and that the House, in conformity to'the universal
practice of both bodies, would return the bill. He
understood that a message, such as he spoke of,
had been received from the Senate this morning.
Mr. VINTON said he would give notice, that
when the motion to reconsider had been disposed
of, he should move that the House proceed to the
consideration of business on the Speaker's table,
which would bring up the message referred to by
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.] It could
then be acted upon. •
Mr. COBB. It would not be reached in time.
There ccrtainly could be no objection to comply
with the request made by the Senate.' It would be
a violation of the universal practice on the part of
both,.Houses to do so. And he believed, that ac-
cording to parliamentary usage, this question had
precedence.
The SPEAKER said that the motion to recon-
sider would take precedence over all other motions,
except a motion to adjourn. According to.par-
liamentary courtesy,lio'wever, this message should
be acted upon first. If no objection was made,
the House would therefore proceed to the consid-
eration of that message.
No objection having-been made—
The message from the Senate requesting that the
said bill might be returned to that body, was read.
Mr. COBB„moved that the bill be returned to the
Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD rose to a question of order.
Courtesy, he said, required that this bill should be
returned; but the particular time when that cour-
tesy should be exercised, was another question.
When this bill was under consideration the other
day, he had obtained the floor, and the hour beingi
late, he had yielded to a motion to adjourn. He
took it, therefore, that the bill was now before the
House.
The SPEAKER. Nqj sir; the bill is not before
 • House,
Mr. BRODHEAD. I. should like to give it a
black eye before it goes.
The SPEAKER. The question is on returning
the bill to the Senate.
And the House having ordered that the bill
should be returned, it was ordered accordingly.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Vinton, to reconsider the vote by which the
bill to provide for the organization of an Interior
Department had been ordered to be engi'ossed.
Mr. HUNT urged Mr. Vinton to waive his
motion for half an hour, so that the committees
might be called for reports.
Mr. VINTON said he had not made the motion
because he was himself desirous to reconsider the
vote, but for the purpose of giving to gentleifien
who had doubts about the bill time to examine it,
I and see if there were any defects in the details,
j He did not propose to go into debate. And he
. hoped, notv that gentlemen had had an opportu-
nity to examine the bill, that they were satisfied
that it was as perfect as it could be.
Mr. STEPHENS, remarking (as the reporter
understood) that he supposed every gentleman
had made up his mind, moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered; and
being taken, were—yeas 103, nays 79.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Johnson, of Arkansas. Pending which,
At the suggestion of Mr. FARRELLY, by gen-
eral consent,
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communications;
I. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the resolution of the House
of the 20th December last, "An estimate of the
value of the public property, including the soil on
Governor's island, in the harbor of New York;"
and also reports from the headquarters of the
army, the Engineer's office, and Ordnance bureau,
on the subject of " ceding the said island, and so
much "of the public property as cannot be moved,
lo the city of New York;" which letters and re-
ports were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
II. A letter from the Commissioner of patents,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of Con-
gress of March 3, 1837, his annual report; which
letter and report were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER again announced the motion of
Mr. Johnson.
Mr. VINTON inquired if it would be in order
to move to proceed to business on the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER, replied that it could only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. WENT WORTH called for the orders of
| the day, and objected to all other business. !
J Tho SPEAKER stated that the question was !
now on going into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of calling the
genera! calendar. If that motion did not prevail,
after thirty-five minutes more it would be in order
to proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
The question was then taken, and the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union was rejected.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, it
was
Ordered., That the Committee on Rules he di&charged from
the further consirteiatton ot the proposition to amend the
doth rule ot the House, introduced on the 15th January last,
and relened to that committee by Mr. IVlfrey ; and that
said proposed amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Rules, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That t.o much of the .'34th rule as provides that
"when debate is closed by order of the House, any member
shall be allowed in committee five minutes to explain any
amendment he may otter," be, from and after the y,>th day*
of Febiuury instant, suspended during the residue ot the
session. /
Mr. SMITH said it would be recollected hy the
House that, at the last session, a resolution of this
character was passed, suspending the " five min-
utes rule," as it was called, during the few last j
days of the session. He thought there were re- 1
mainmg eight days of the session at the time the I
order was passed suspending the rule. This reso- '
lution proposed to suspend the rule during the last j
week of th# session; it would remain in force du- I
ring the residue of the present week and the whole
of the next week, and would be suspended only
during the last week of the session. In his judo-- |
merit, the suspension of this rule was absolutely |
necessary in order to enable the House to consum-
mate in any degree the business before it. He did *
not suppose that any discussion of the question
was necessary upon this-occasion; he therefore
demanded the previous question. . "
Mr. McCLELLAND said he hoped the gentle-
man from Connecticut would extend the time. He
thought the resolution cut off the opportunity for
five minutes' discussion too soon.
Mr. SMITH. It only cuts it off for the last
week of the session.
Mr. McCLELLAND. All the general appro-
priation bills have to come jn from the Senate yet.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed to Mr. Smith to with-
draw the demand for the previous question, re-
marking that he wished to say ten words, after
which he would renew it.
Mr. SMITH accordingly withdrew the motion
for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK said he regretted to be obliged
to differ from the gentleman from Connecticut,
who reported this resolution; he desired, therefore,
to say that he was opposed to this five minutes
rule altogether when it was first proposed. Since
that time, watching its operation, he had come to
the conclusion that it was the only sensible rule
which they had. It was the only rule which thus
far had secured any debate upon subjects legiti-
mately before the House. They took up, for in-
stance, the general appropriation bill; they had
two or three speeches about slavery or something
else, and then a resolution was passed to terminate
the debate which of necessity cut off all debate
upon the bill, (because there had been no debate
upon the bill,) and then, under the live minutes
rule, they got a little debate upon the subject before
■ the committee. This had been the regular, con-
i tinnal operation of the rule, which, although there
might have been some abuses of it, he nevertheless
thought was the only rule that had secured legiti-
mate debate in this House.
At the close of the last session, this rule had
been suspended—and why? Because a state of
facts existed then which did not now exist. The
appropriation bills had not then been passed, and
it was thought necessary, in order to secure their
passage, that the rule should be suspended. He
doubted the propriety of suspending it then, even
on that account; but now he saw no necessity
whatever for it, inasmuch as no' such exigency
existed, and because it wasthe only rule which
helped the good and prevented mischief by en-
abling the House to understand what it had before
it. Now, just at the close of the session, as no
man better knew than the gentleman from Con-
necticut, all the deviltry that was done wasaccom-
plished, and they wanted thts five minutes rale
more during the last week of the session than at
any o*er time. This was just the time when gen-
tlemen should be on the watch to expose the various
propositions which came in at the last hour, and
were-forced through because no one was permitted
to rise in his place and direct the attention of the
House to their character, unless this five minutes
rule was in operation. He did not know any par-
ticular bill which required this rule to be suspended
now. He knew there were a great many import-
ant subjects still to be acted upon, and unless there
was opportunity given not only for amendments,
but for explanation of the amendments—unless
gentlemen were permitted to direct the attention of
the House to what was sought to be done under
the cover of these important measures, a great deal
of mischief would be done, and a great deal of
good would be omitted. He would, therefore,
rather suspend this five minutes rule during the
previous part, than during the last week of the
session.
In accordance with his pledge, he renewed the
motion for the previous question.
Mr. JENKINS moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and having
been taken, were—yeas 105, nays 76.
So the\esolution was laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, said he wished
to call the attention of the House to the fact that
this was the day set apart for calling the calendar
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for such bills as were not objected to. If
