546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. -16,
dition to be dependent for support upon this small
salary—a salary which, in Washington at least,
may be considered but a mere pittance. They
have thought it a hardship that they have not been
embraced within the provisions of the act of 1837.
The whole amount of extra compensation I now
propose to give to this worthy but neglected class
of men, is only one hundred and fifty dollars each.
This is in accordance with the third section of the
act of 1837, which provides for an increase of
twenty per cent, upon the salaries of such clerks, !1
messengers, &c., whose salaries did not exceed ji
one thousand dollars, for a certain time. This j:
compensation of one hundred and fifty dollars is ;l
only twenty per cent, increase upon the salaries of '-j
these persons for the tune comprehended in that
act. And I submit it to the Senate whether it is jj
not proper, just, and equitable, that these men i.
should receive this deserved compensation. t,
Mr.ATHERTON. The introduction of a claim ],
of this kind, originating as long ago as the j'ear i1
1837, in an appropriation bill, cannot fail to delay 1
action upon the passage of the bill, and prevent
the proper consideration of the just and correct i
items contained in it. Aside from the question j
whether this additional payment was originally
right to certain clerks and messengers*of the de-
partments, there is no just reason why this amend- jj
ment, proposing additional compensation to these
watchmen, should be introduced m this appropri- ,j
ation bill. If they have not any just'claim for j
this compensation, its proposed allowance here is ;j
a gratuity, if they have any just claim, it should ;
be presented to, and go through and be examined >
by, the Committee of Claims, as all other claims
are examined. :
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] has ■
said that Congress thought proper, in the year |
1837, to make a certain allowance to certain clerks ,!
in the executive departments of twenty per cent., ,
and that this proposition was originated by a gen- ;
tieman distinguished for his economy in the affairs
of the public treasury. Sir, it will be recollected
that this proposition did not include as recipients
of its proposed benefits the watchmen-, and also
that the measure originated at a time of a general
inflation of the currency of the country, bank paper.
The question at that time was, not how shall we
raise revenue, but what shall we do with it? Con-
sidering, then, the circumstances attending the
passage of this measure allowing additional com-
pensation to certain clerks, and that the watchmen !!
were not then included as co-recipients of the com-
pensation, I do not see any reason why we should ;
now go back this long period of time and make the
allowance here asked for. I think, sir, that the !i
whole allowance was wrong and should not have
been made, and 1 believe that the very genUeman (
who originated the measure regrets his ever under- j
taking it. The watchmen, sir, are not included '
within the terms of the law; and why should we
go back and endeavor to divert to them the bene- \
fits of the provisions of a law originating in 1837? ,
It appears co me, sir, that there is no satisfactory
reason for such action on our part, if there is '■
any rea&on justifying the payment of twenty per
cent, extra allowance to these watchmen, why
may not other otficers come forward and claim an '
equal share in the benefits of the law, and even ,i
ask for an allowance down to the present moment? !|
If this claim is allowed, there will be no end to the i1
presentation of similar ones.
Mr. BELL. I am not satisfied that the Senator ,i
from New Hampshire has demonstrated that there ,,
is no teason in this claim. It is not a preposition -
to increase the salaries of these officers. Not at !
all. This act of 1837 expired at the time which !
it provided—" at the end of the next session of :'
Congress" following the one in 1837. It "is an
application, sir, in behalf of certain watchmen who '
were at that time employed by the several depart- j,
ments, to have their salaries increased, not for any ''
extended length of time, but in proportion to the j.
pdduional allowance made to the oificers in the
s.vme department, and which additional allowance >
was made in conformity with the provisions of tins 11
law of 1837. The gentleman from iVew Hamp- ■'
shire asks why the other officers in the depart-
ments do not come forward and a&k for additional i
pay> I answer, because they have had this addi- '
tional compensation already made to them. Those
whose salaries exceeded one thousand dollars re-
ceived ten per cent, extra allowance, and those ;;
whose salaries were lees than on® thousand dollars 1!
received twenty per cent. These watchmen em-
ployed around the building were not included
within the list; and they only receive a salary of
three hundred and fifty dollars per annum.
The Senator from "New Hampshire says that it
is not proper to insert propositions of this charac-
ter, making increase of salaries in this bill. Sir,
we had the subject discussed the other day, and
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. King,] who is
careful to notice any improprieties in our legisla-
tion , stated there could be no longer any objection
made to such a course of procedure. This, sir, is
not a proposition to change the law to increase or
to regulate salaries, but to place those watchmen
on an equal footing with the clerks and messengers
as to the benefits accruing from the passage of the
law of 1837.
The bill originally was passed as a sort of equiv-
alent—certain reductions being made in the num-
ber of officers employed by the Government in the
departments—to those clerks who remained whose
duties were thus increased. This, then, is not a
permanent arrangement. We are not about to
enact a law providing increased compensation for
any class of officers, but simply to do justice to a
class of officers obliged to be faithful and vigilant,
and who receive the very lowest grade of salaries
given in Washington. I question whether the
day-laborers on the public grounds do not get bet'
ter paid than those faithftil watchmen. If you will
look back into the records of the last session, it will
be found, I think, that the compensation allowed
the day-laborers exceeded the stipulated salary
allowed these watchmen. 1 consider, of course,
that the laborer is as worthy of his [lire as the
watchman; but these watchmen perform a peculiar
sen ice, requiring the utmost fidelity and vigilance
—a service that is performed at r.ight—and they
were excluded without any good reason whatever
from the benefits arising under the law of 1837.
Sir, I cannot but think that their claim is well
founded. I find that there were memorials pre-
sented as far back as 1841 and 1842, representing
the injustice that had been done them, inasmuch
as their services had not been allowed for in the
same manner as the services of other persons em-
ployed in the departments. They certainly do not
rank inferior to the messengers employed about
the buildings. There is no view of the subject,
then, in my opinion, that justifies the exclusion of
these watchmen from a participation in the benefits
of the law of 1837. This is simply the introduc-
tion of a-provjsion—not a permanent law by any
means—giving these watchmen the benefit of the
third section of the act of 1837.
Mr. KING. For what length of time was this
extra compensation given ?
Mr. BELL. Only one Congress. I will read
the provision:
<c That 'iio clerk5! in the Depai tments of State. Treasury,
Navy, .mil W-u, find of the l wo Uom^s of Congress and the
L'fjranatib of Congi cs>s, wlw-e safaris arp less tnan two
thousand dollars, muiII, m addition theieto, he pMowed the
following coffipf ii" iiiioil, fiora too l*t day of Janunsy his-t to
the "nd <u the lieu session of Congr^, viz : Such of said
clerks who^e annual compensation doc? not exceed one thou-
sand dollars, an addition of twenty percent, thereto, such
of y-aid clerks wholes annual compensation e.\ceens one
thousand dollars, an fnUhlion of ten per cent, theieto; and
twenty per cent, in addition to the siilaupsof me^encers
ant] a«simnt messeriyeri employed m the respective oifict-s
and the Libraries of Congress.*5
Mr. ATHERTON. To strip this proposition
of all disguise, it is neither more nor less than to
pay these watchmen who are employed in the
Executive Departments, from the 1st of January,
1837, to fhe end of the next session, three thou-
sand dollars more than they were entitled to by
Jaw. That is the proposition. , ;
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was, upon a division, negati\ed: Ayes 13, noes
not counted.
Mr. HIjJN'TER offered the following amend- '
ment:
For the purchase of a «-ite for a new custom-house at
No.foik,Virginia, twelve thousand dollars, pi ovided the Pies- ,
nieni of the United States shall deem it pioper to make the
puiCicve.
Mr. HUNTER asked for the reading of a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, and also a!
letcr from the officer of customs.
They were read accordingly by the Secretary.
Mr. HUNTER. It will be perceived that th>
the 1
recommendation of the Secretary is conditional.
He says if the President deem it advisable. 1 must I
say, however, that I cannot see why the recom- 1
mendation should have been conditional, because I
it Rppoars, from the report of the collector, and
from the report of those who were authorized to
make an examination, that the situation of the old
custom-house is inconvenient; so much so, that
boats cannot get up to it. The appropriation here-
tofore asked for, and which, it seems to me, ought
to have been granted, was much larger than the
one now proposed. I can see no reason for dimin-
ishing it, but I have accepted it rather than not to
have the appropriation made at all. The trade of
the town is very materially increased. I hope that,
while the Senate have granted every other applica-
tion that, has been made for appropriations of this
description, they will not refuse this. They have
appropriated a sum of money for the purchase of a
large building in Portland, in the State of Maine,
and they have appropriated money for the erection
of a magnificent structure for a custom-house in
New Orleans. I hope they will not refuse the
twelve thousand dollars that is now asked for.
The question having been taken on the amend-
ment, it was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved the follow-
ing amendment:
for clearing out and deepening that portion of the Wash-
ington City canal whicn parses through and along the public
giounds, twenty thousand dollar*', to"6e expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, provided the Cor-
poration of Washington shall expend a like >hiii m clearing
out arid deepening the other portions of <aidcana); and pro«-
vided also, that all transpoitauon on said canal for the use
of the Governmemof the United States shall be free of toll.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not detain the Senate
with any remarks, but simply ask for the reading
of the memorial tff the Corporation which relates
to the subject, and also the report of the engineer
in reference to that portion of the canal which
passes in front of the public grounds.
They were read by the Secretary.
Mr. ALLEN. I would inquire what remarkable
commerce there is along this canal which renders
it necessary to incur this expenditure?
Mr. BRIGHT. There is not enough to pay for
keeping it in repair.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I do not suppose
there is any commerce at present, in consequence
of the bad condition of the canal, which renders it
unnavi gable.
Mr. ALLEN. I would inquire whether there
has ever been any commerce upon it so as to pro- /
duce any revenue whatever ?
Mr. PEARCE. I am informed by the Mayor
of the city that the revenue has amounted to about,
four thousand dollars a year.
Mr. ALLEN. Will the Senator inform me from
what that revenue arose ?
Mr. PEARCE. Chiefly from the tolls collected
upon coal conveyed to the Navy Yard.
Mr. WESTCOTT. If the Senator will permit
me, I will state a fact. I am informed by a gentle-
man who is well acquainted with the subject, thht
the canal will be eminently useful to the Govern-
ment in the course of the ensuing summer for con-
veying coal to the Navy Yard, the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal being now about to be completed; and*
it will be impossible to reach the Navy Yard other- .
wise than by this canal.
Mr. ALLEN. If the profits arising from this
canal are not sufficient to put it in repair, it would-
be as well that the repairs never should be made;
if they are sufficient, they ought to be applied to
that object. I think, sir, that we have already
spent, in the form of an absolute donation to that
work, nearly a million of dollars. Indeed, I believe
it was something over a million, though perhaps I ■
may be mistaken as to that. I had thought that
this would have been considered sufficient. It is
certainly an ungracious thing to oppose appropria-
tions for this District, and 1 know likewise that it
is almost useless to oppose them, because the Dis-
trict, having nobodv to represent it on this floor,
has everybody. Every Senator feels that he is
in Home degree bound to vote for whatever the
Corporation ask for, because the Corporation have
nobody here to do their voting for them; but I
really think we ought to have some limit. ^ Year
in and year out, pretexts are invented for bringing ,
forward propositions for the appropriation of large
sums of money out of the public taxes of this
country for the benefit of this one District. We,
know "perfectly well how it is. If we could get
this money from any other source than from the
working people of this country, I should not regret
the extension of the liberality of the Government
to this District, or to any other "body of people.
