1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
would be to throw upon this, the defunct Congress,
the responsibility of the rules of the next Con-
gress-^for every one knows, that one of the first
motions at a new Congress is to adopt the rules of
the preceding one. Now, -do the members not
returned wish to force on the returned members
obnoxious rules? Or do they wish to assume re-
sponsibility not legitimately belonging to them?
Besides, is it fair to force upon members coming
here anew rules which they themselves ought to
have the privilege of weighing for themselves,'and
which, if once adopted, they will with difficulty
"get rid of?
I am a member of the next Congress, and am
willing to meet all its responsibilities; and charity
compels me to express the belief, that its members
are not only willing, but able to make rules for
themselves. A majority of the next Congress
belongs to a party that had for its leader, in the
late campaign, one of the bravest men living; one
•who conquered the enemies of this country upon
every battle-field where he met them; one whose
friends boast for him that he never surrenders,
and never shuns responsibilities: does that ma-
jority wish to throw back upon this, a dead Con-
gress, a Congress of a defeated dynasty, the re-
sponsibility of adopting rules for it? Is there
anything, Mr. Speaker, like Buena Vista in all
this? God knows this Congress has responsibility
enough of its own. Let it not assume to take any
legitimately belonging to its successor.
Now, a word as to the merits of the immediate
proposition before the House. It is very seldom
that Stales are called upon for resolutions; and,
when they are, if they give rise to debate, they
pass through a process which is called " going
Over under the rules," and are never heard of more.
Now, unless there be the privilege of moving the
previous question, there is no way to pass a reso-
lution which any majority less than two-thirds
may favor. The proposition before the House is,
to do away with the right to call the previous
question. And what is the reason therefor? Clearly
lbecause the party pledged, both to the North and
o the South, fears that it may be compelled, by
some resolution, to show its hand; because the
party boasting of the hero of Buena Vista for its
leader, and that it never surrenders, never shuns
responsibilities, &c., &c., wishes to avoid some
very delicate questions that may divide its ranks.
Iji the next Congress there are to be men of a
great diversity of pledges, who will act with the
„ party in power. They may wish secretly to vio-
late those-pledges, when they would not dare do it
■openly. Under this change of the rules, their ob-
ject can be attained. You can get no test vote
upon the Free-soil question, nor upon any other
upon which the supporters of the Administration
may divide. But there is no need of the amend-
ment proposed, in order to enable men to dodge,
but will, to be sure, furnish greater facilities, and
the dodging will not be so flagrant. Under the
present system, the yeas and nays are not called
upon seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion. Members who are afraid to vote on one
side or the other of a resolution, can vote against
rescinding the previous question. This is often
done. Failing in this, they can si£ in their seats
and not vote. If they are afraid to* do this, they
can run out under pretenee of being sick; or they
can get the proposition in such a position upon
the Speaker's table, or in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, as that it never
will be reached in the order of business, and can
never be taken up out of order, save on Mon-
days, and then only by a vote of two-thirds. In
this latter condition are Mr. Gott's resolutions,
which this House cannot reject, and dare not pass.
They sleep the sleep of death upon your table, with
a majority of this House professing to be in their
favor. Alongside of them sleeps the bill for the
prohibition of the slave trade in this District, with
a majority professing to be for it. In the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Uni'on also
sleeps our Territorial bill, so much talked of; but
it is all talk. It will not be touched unless an in-
dignant and betrayed people awake us to our duty.
But what are the people compared with a President
who has the disposal of the patronage of this Gov-
ernment? With some politicians, the people lose
all their importance after election.
Under the rules of the House, as they now are,
free labor has but little to expect. The Wilmot
proviso, the grant of a farm to every poor man, the
election of all officers directly by the people, and .
other Democratic measures, stand no chance under
the existing order of things. And if they are to
be changed, let it be for the better, and not for the
worse, as the proposition is. Entertaining these
views, (Mr. W. said,) he felt constrained to make
any motion that would finally-dispose of the mat-
ter for this session.
Mr. W. then moved that the whole subject be
laid upon the table.
The question was then taken, and,by ayes 110,
noes not counted, the whole subject was laid on
the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved a reconsideration
of the vote, and moved that that motion be laid on
the table; which latter motion prevailed.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. GOGGIN rose, and was understood to call
the attention of the House to the fact, that some
days since, when a motion was made by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Vinton] to refer the bill making appropriations
for the support of the Post Office Department to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
he (Mr.G.) had moved certain instructions, which
were now pending, and by which the bill was at
present kept among the business on the Speaker's
table. He (Mr. G.) was understood now to inti-
mate his willingness to withdraw his instructions,
so that the bill might be committed.
TheSPEAKER said there was so mucfc con-
versation in the Hall, that n was not possible to
hear the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Goggin.]
Mr. GOGGIN again explained his purpose, and
said that he withdrew his instructions, because he
thought that his object might be better attained in
anotlier way.
Mr. VINTON now asked that the bill might
be committed ^o the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER said it would be remembered
by the House that the Committee of Ways and
Means had reported the annual appropriation bill
for the support of the Post Office Department. A
motion had been made by that gentleman to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Goggin] had moved to amend by addmg certain
instructions. It was now proposed that the bill
should be committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union by general consent,
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia having
been withdrawn.
No objection having been made, the bill was re-
ferred accordingly, and was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUTLER moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the Post Office bill.
The SPEAKER said it was in order to move
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; but that the com-
mittee must decide what business it would take up.
Mr. HUNT asked the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Butler] to waive his motion, until
the committees had been called, for reports.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, gave notice that if the
House went into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, he should move to take up the
bill to establish a territorial government in Cal-
ifornia. He would be glad if the House would go
into committee for that purpose.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved that
the House go into Committee of the Whole on the
[ private calendar. i
Mr. VINTON inquired of the Speaker, whether '
it would be in order, it' the motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole should not prevail, to move j
that the House resolve Useif into Committee of the |
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpose
of taking up the Mexican treaty bill, or the bill
making appropriations for the support of the Post
Office Department.
The SPEAKER said it would be in order to !
move that the House go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of "the Union. But the com- -
mittee must decide what business should be taken J
up. !
Mr. GOGGIN suggested that the bill to reduce
the rates of postage had been made the special order j
of the day, without excepting Fridays or Satur- j
days. j
The SPEAKER, The first question is on going j
into Committee of the Whole on the private cal-
endar. If that motion should fail, the nexE.motion
would be on going into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. If the latter motion
should prevail, the committee would of course
give preference to any-special orders.
Mr. HUNT inquired of the Speaker whether-U
was m order to.move that one hour be given to the
reception o£ reports from committees?
The SPEAKER said, No. That was the regular
order of business. The other motions had the
priority And the Speaker stated the question.
A brief conversation followed between the
SPEAKER and Mr. TOOMBS.
The question on the motion of Mr. Rockwell.
was then taken, and decided in the negative.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the private calendar.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr,
Butler, that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and, being taken, the vote stood—ayes 95, noes
not counted,«
THE MEXICAN TREATY.
So the House resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cabell,
of Florida, in the chair.)
Mr. VINTON moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of the bill to provide for carry-
ing into execution, in part, the twelfth article of
the treaty with Mexico, concludcd at Gaudalupe
Hidalgo.-
! Mr. GOGGIN said that the bill to reduce the
rptes of postage had been made the fcpecial order
of the day- for the first Wednesday in January,
and for every succeeding day until disposed of,
without excepting Fridays and Saturdays. It
stood upon the calendar as a special order, next
to the bill reported by the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Rockwell] to provide for the estab-
lishment of a board of claims. The latter bill had
been disposed of. He (Mr. G.) therefore moved
that the House take up the postage bill.
Mr. TOOMBS rose to a question of order. He
submitted that the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] was not in order, because it
was not in the power of the committee to take up
that bill. There were two or three special orders,
and the committee was bound to take np the busi-
;i ness in the order in which it had been referred to
:i it. This Mexican treaty bill was r.ot a general
I appropriation bill; it was a bill to carry into effect
' the provisions of the treaty, and the rule related
1 exclusively to general appropriation bills. It was
.] not competent for the committee to take up any
j bill, except in the order in which it was referred
to it. The first bill was the postage bill; the next
the bill reported by the gentleman from Louisiana;
and the next the territorial bills. The committee
could not change this order of business, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. VINTON said he had no doubt about this
bill being a general appropriation bill. The rule of
House which required the Committee of Ways the
and Means to draw up appropriation bills, and to
report separate bills foi treaties, showed that the
j bill was of that character, it might be hi the
I power of the Committee of Ways and Means to
| report the whole appropriations ail in one bill. ln-
; stead of that, the attention of the House was drawn
\ to particular branches, the appropriation hills being
! divided. For instance: the committee reported a
| bill making appropriations for the suppoti of the
! Military Academy at West Point; but that was
[ just as much a general appropriation bill as though
; it were reported for objects of a dozen,different
j descriptions.
■ Mr. WENTWORTH rose to a question of or-
; dor. He submitted that the question before the
I committee, being one of priority of business, was
i not debatable. The Chair must make a decision,
1 and, if an appeal was taken, the House must de-
cide. He had never heard of a question of priority
| of business being debatable.
| The CHAIRMAN said the question was not
| debatable.
| And he decided that the motion of the gentleman
i from Ohio [Mr. Yin'ton] was in order; and that
j the bill proposed to be taken up whs ct general <*p-
i proprifttion, relating to one particular brain h of
! the public service. It was contained m the gen-
i eral estimates, and was as much a general anpro-
j priation bilbas any other appropriation bill.
