1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
report, with this appendix, be printed for the use of the
Senate—500 copies' thereof for the u^e of the General Land
Office.
ACTION ON PRIVATE BILLS. *
Mr. HALE moved that the following resolution,
submitted by him yesterday, be taken up for con-
sideration, and the motion was agreed to—ayes 20,
noes 14:
Resolved, That on Thursday next, when the Senate take
up the calendar of piivate bills, those bills to the passage of
which no objection shall then be made, sbail be first con-
sidered and disposed of.
The question being taken on postponing the prior
orders to proceed to the consideration of the reso-
lution, it was agreed to.
Mr. UPHAM moved to amend, by striking out
the words " give rise to no debate," and insert
"bills of the other House." He thought it the
duty of the Senate to act upon bills which had
already passed the House, instead of spending the
time of the Senate in acting upon bills which could
not, in consequence of the short remaining time of
the session, get through the other House, even if
passed here.
Mr. HALE hoped that the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont would not prevail; for if it
did, it would in a great measure defeat the object
of the resolution. A debate would be as likely to
spring up on a House bill as on a Senate bill. If
the amendment should pass, it would nullify the
whole effect of the resolution, which was, to pre-
vent debate. There was another thing he would
mention in relation to this resolution; and that was,
that it was a copy, word: for word, from a resolu-
tion of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, said there were
a number of private bills, to some of which there
could be no objection whatever, and the new bills
it would be too late to take up at all. He hoped,
therefore, that the amendment would be adopted.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the amendment will not
prevail. There are many bills relating to the pay-
ment of claims which are acknowledged to be due,
and to which nobody can object; and then there
are many House bills that will still be passed of a
similar character, as well as many granting pen-
sions, growing out of disabilities incurred in the
late war with Mexico. It is extremely important
that these bills should be passed, and I hope the
honorable Senator from Vermont [Mr. Upham]
"will withdraw his amendment in order that I may
move an amendment to the resolution, by striking
out all after the word " Resolved," and inserting
a provision that the Senate shall consider private
bills on Thursday and Friday. And 1 hope, also,
that we may have night sessions. There is a diffi-
culty in the way of the pending resolution, since
any gentleman who desires to defeat a bill may
object to it, simply on the ground that it will cause
-debate, and thus have it passed over. If any bill
shall come up that'is likely to cause debate, I think
that difficulty can be removed, for it may be passed
over by general consent of the Senate, as is often
done. Some very just bill may come up that will
require a slight explanation, or a few amendments;
and if that resolution should pass, it will be im-
proper to take it up, because it will produce dis-
cussion. I hope, therefore, that both Thursday
and Friday may be devoted to bills of this charac-
ter. I am satisfied that there are many just and
equitable bills in favor of individuals, and' it is due
to them that they should be no longer deprived of
their just rights. Some of these bills have been
long on the calendar; and if we go on in the man-
ner that we have, since we commenced the consider-
ation of these private hills, we shall not reach these
cases during the present session of Congress; and,
besides, many of those men who have been disabled
■ in-the late war, who are actually in a starving con-
dition, will have no relief.
Mr. UPHAM. I moved this amendment be-
cause I did not suppose that any new bill from the
Senate would receive the action of the House; they
will stand so low on the calendar that they will not
be reached during the present session. But if the
Senator prefers it, I am willing to adopt the other
course, and accept of his amendment to set apart
Thursday and Friday of next week for the consid-
eration of private bills. I will, theiefore, withdraw
my^aniendment.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to remind the Senate
that we have a joint rule, the object of which is to
prevent the sending of any new bill to either House
during the last three days of the session. The ob-
ject of that rule was to procure the proper consid-
eration of all bills passed by each House, and if
the small bills of the character that has been named
were called up on those days they could not be
passed then. And here I would say, that in the
thirty years that I have been a member of the Sen-
ate, I have never knowif private bills get on so
badly as they have this session, while we are try-
ing; to pass rules to regulate our action in relation
; to them.
; Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I move to amend
! the resolution by inserting Thursday and Friday.
I 1 agree that we have not made much progress with
| private bills, and that there are very many bills
! relating to those engaged 'in the late war that we
j ought to attend to, and which I hope will receive
, early consideration, ia regard to the joint rule
! which has been alluded to, it should be borne in
j mind that we have a week after Thursday and
' Friday next; and I think we"shall but conform to
| the usual practice by suspending that rule.
J Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I hope the
, amendment will not prevail. Theie are not only
| several individuals, but a, whole community suffer-
; ing foi want of relief, i trust, sir, that the con-
• aideration of the Senate is not to be given to a few
I individual^, while we do nothing for the relief of
! large communities.
i In the new Territory of California, there are
: thousands, perhaps a hundred thousand, now suf-
1 fering for the want of our action here. They are
! without a government, and the conscquence is,
i that we find murder, arson, and every species of
crimc that can be indicted upon a community,
I committed with impunity, and we are making no
attempt to afford them relief. And now we find the
, propqsition to give away two days of the coming
I week, when the effect may be to deny any action
! for the good of the people of the Territories. I
, hope we shall first get through \$ith public busi-
i ness, and especially that which appeals not only
■ to justice, but to humanity;- for our brethren are
; being murdered, and that, too, for the want of law.
The inhabitants of California are given up to every
; sort of crime and outrage, in consequence of the
neglect of our duty. I hope we shall postpone the
, prior orders of the day, to attend to providing a
: government for California. I submit that motion,
and ask.upon it the ye^ and nays.
I Mr. ATCHISON. I do not understand that
' there is a bill of that kind before the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If my motion prevails, thq
. bill can be taken up, and we can move any amend-
! merit that is desired. 1 care not m what shape the
bill comes up, whether on the question of Terri-
torial or State government; all I ask is, that we
; give the people there some safe government; all I
, ask is action, and I will cheerfully vote for any bill
i approved by a majority of the Senate.
, Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, I entirely
; concur, so far as my experience goes, in the re-
! marks of the honorable Senator from Missouri,
j [Mr. Benton,] that never has so little been done
j m the way of disposing of private bills as since we
j set apart a day expressly for their consideration;
i and I think the worst thing we could do would be
; to fix two days for this purpose.
I think we should take up the bill which we have
commenced^ the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, and that the best thing we can do is to proceed
sedulously to its conclusion; and I believe that after :
the consideration of that bill, every other appro-
priation bill could be taken up and finished in one
single day. Now, if we cannot finish the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill to-day, let us deter- ;
mine to finish it on Monday, or,, if necessary,
continue the consideration of it till it is finished,
and then take up private bills. We shall then :
have some time which we can devote to bills both
of a public and private nature.
We are taking up measures too far in advance,
and wasting time upon them. Why should we
pass this resolution now? The state, of things may
be such next week that we shall not deem it expe-
dient to adopt it. If we go on with private bills
before we shall finish the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, what will be the result? The
bills pas'sed in the last days of the session by the
House must be excluded by the appropriation
bills; and we shall leave those private bills that
come from the House untouched, becausc the
appropriation bill must receive the attention of the
Senate. I hope the lesolution will not be adopted:
and that we may proceed to business, I move that
i it lie on the table.
The question being taken upon the motion to lay
tl^p resolution upon the table, it was agreed to.
BILLS ON LEAVE.
Mr. KING,' pursuant to notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to extend the pro- -
;i, visions of the act approved the 3d of March, 1847,
't carrying into effect the existing compacts with
j j the States of Alabama and M iesissippi with regard
i; to the five per cent, fund and school reservations;
j! which was read a first and second time.
! Mr. K. asked the unanimous consent of the
jj Senate to the consideration of the bill at this time:
|! Objection being made, the bill was referred to
j; the Committee on Public lands.
Mr. BORLAND, pursuant to notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the further
, relief of the widows and orphans of the officers
!; and soldiers engaged in the late war with Mexico;
which was read a first and second tinfb, and re-
;; ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
| Mr. HOUSTON, pursuant to notice, asked and
: obtained leave to introduce a bill authorizing the
j Galveston and Red River Railroad Company to
■ construct and extend a railway to the coast of the
i PacificOcean, in California; which was reada first
! and second time, and referred to the Committee on
' Territories.
; BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS PROM THE HOUSE.
A joint resolution from the House, authorizing
a settlement of the accounts of Thomas M. Howe,
late pension agent at Pittsburg, upon equitable
principles, was read a first and second time.
11 Mr. STURGEOIS" moved the consideration of
.! the joint resolution at this time: and the motion
,j being agreed to—
The bill was considered, read a third time, and
A joint resolution for the purchase of copies of
' the General Navy Register; which was read a first
' and second time, and referred to the Committee
' on Naval AlFairs.
* A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Colonel Francis Vigo; which was read a first
, and second time, and referred to the Committee on
5 Claims.
A bill to establish a Home Department, and to
; provide for the Treasury Department an Assistant
' Secretary of the Treasury and a Commissioner of
; Customs, was read a first and second time, and
i' referred to the Committee on Finance.
| EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE.
( Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, asked to be ex-
: cused from serving on the select committee ap-
• pointed yesterday, on his motion, on the subject
'I of the petition of J. N. Rogers.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Johnson
|j was excused, and Mr. Fitzpatrick was appointed
j1 to fill the vacancy. ' ' .
;j BURIAL GROUND IN MEXICO.
!' Mr. UNDERWOOD moved the consideration
l' of the following joint resolution introduced by him
:H yesterday:
j! Resolced, $c.f That the President be requested, by nego-
_; nation with the Goverinnenlof Mexico, to secure a suitable
bmying-cround in the vicinitj of the eity ol Mexico, m
■ which those citizens of the United States who have hereto-
; foie died, or may hereafter die in Mexico, may be perrna-
! nently interred.
:: Resolve.i,' That the President be. and he i? hereby, autho-
[ lized to u«e, out of any money m tbe tr"a uiy not otherwise
appropriated, the sum of ten thousand dollars in purchasing
■ and improving any ground which may be ceded or conveyed
■: to the Government of the United States for the purpose men-
} Uoned in the preceding resolution,
] Mr. ATHE&TON said that the chairman tff the
Military Committee was not,in his place, and he
1 hoped that the resolution would not be then taken
up. He would have no objection to taking it up
, for the purpose of refetring it to the Military Com-
mittee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (coming in at this
, point,) said he would object to its reference to the
Military Committee. He cou]d see no connection
i between the subject and the Military Committee
It seemed to him rather to have reference to the
;; Committee on Foreign Afjairs. There were others
! of their dead lying unouried on Mexican ground
, j besides at the city of Mexico, and he did not see
: why they should designate one battle-field to the
|! exclusion of others. He thought that the refer-
ence ot the subject should be made to the Commit-
!; tee on Foreign Relations. The subject had been
i| brought to his notice some tune ago, and lie had
j! opposed its reference to the Military Committee.
