§54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
humbug the anti-slavery people of the North. He
understood, from what the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had said, that it was
impossible to act upon these territorial bills at this
session. He thought there was a disposition on
the part of the House to create an impossibility to.
act on them. He would stay here nights to act
on them. He was notafraid of the slave question.
Gentlemen might consider it necessary, in order
to satisfy the people at home, to vote- upon this
resolution. But he informedthe people now, that
the territorial bills were not likely to be atted upon
at this session, because there was a balance of
power party among northern men on this floor,
who were playing one game here, and another at
home. To take up the bills, would be to expose
their own course.
Mr. BURT inquired whether the resolution was
debatable ? c.
The SPEAKER. It is debatable within certain
limits—upon the mere question of time.
The Chair (the Speaker further stated'/ will
call the attention of the House to the rule which
was adopted at the commencement of the present
session:
"And 110 order of the House making a bill, report, or
joint lesolution, a special order of the day for any given
day, shall entitle it to a prflerence over general appropria-
tion bills; but. notwithstanding such special older, the
House, or the Committee of the Whole, may proceed to the
consideration of such appropriation bills.'?
The Chair is of opinion that, under this rule,
the resolution, as it now stands, will require a
vote of two-thirds in order to give this bill prefer-
ence over the general appropriation bills, whether
in the House or returned with amendments from
the Senate.
Mr. STANTON inquired whether this resolu-
tion could postpone the special order for to-mor-
row ?
The SPEAKER replied that it could, if it was
adopted by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. VINTON moved furiher to amend the res-
olution by excepting all the general appropriation
bills.
Mr. ROOT said he supposed that they must pass
the general appropriation bills as a matter of course.
~He believed they would be passed, though the res-
olution of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Smith]
should prevail. He did not think the adoption of
this resolution would prevent the passage of any
of them. But it was due to the country that they
should know whether this House was really going
to act upon the Territorial bills or not; and if they
were to take any vote, if they were to pretend to
do anything, let them do it effectually. Let them
not pass such a resolution as would seem to make
these bills the special order of the day, but with
such an exception as would defeat or prevent any
action upon them.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentwortii]
had said, from what he had seen, he did not be-
lieve that the Tetritorial bills would be passed 
* Mr. WENTWORTH, (in his seat.) I do not
believe it.
Mr. ROOT, (continuing.) That he [Mr. Went-
worth] had not seen, on the part of the House, a
disposition to act upon this bill. How that might
be, he (Mr. R.) did not undertake to say. He did
say, however, that if they passed this lesolution,
with the exception which his colleague [Mr. Vin-
ton] proposed, it was in fact saying, not that
they would act upon the territorial bills, but that j
they would not act upon.them. j
Mr. STANTON. Will it be in order to move '
that the bill which has been made the order of the |
day to-morrow be excluded from the operation of!
this resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order after the
exception of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vin-
tojc] is disposed of. I understand the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means has moved
an exception in favor of ail the general appropria-
tion bills. jk
Mr. BROlJHEAD moved the previous ques-
tion.
After some conversation between Mr. STAN-
TON, Mr. SMITH of Indiana, and the SPEAK-
ER, the question was announced, first upon the
amendment of Mr. Stanton to the amendment
which proposed to except from the operation of the
resolution the following bill, which had been made
the special order for to-morrow, viz: i{ An act to
carry into effect certain stipulations of the treaty
between the United States and the Republic of
Mexico of the 2d of February, 1848."
'Mr. HENLEY called for'the readingof the reso-
lution.
Mr. STARKWEATHER inquired of the gen-
tlemen from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] how many appro-
priation bills there were yet unacted upon, and
what were their names?
Mr. VINTON replied that the Indian appropri-
ation bill had come back from the Senate, and was
now before the House; the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill would come back, with large
amendments; the army appropriation bill and the
navy appropriation bill were not yet acted upon
by the Senate; the bill providing for the Post Office
Department had not yet been acted upon by this
House.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I undertake to say
that all these bills can be disposed of 
[Cries of"Order, order."]
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman that
debate was not in order, the previous question
having been moved.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main quesiion was ordered, (being first on the
amendment of Mr. Stanton to the amendment.)
The amendment to the amendment and the
amendment were respectively rejected.
The question was taken on the original resolu-
tion,' and the vote stood—yeas 139, naye 39.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ROOT moved aiecousideration of the vote,
and that that motion be laid on the table. |
By general consent, it was ordered accordingly. !
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION. j
Mr. H1LLIARD, by unanimous consent, pre- i
sented a repoit of the Board of Regents of the ,
Smithsonian Institution, showing the operations, j
expenditures, and condition of that institution to ;
the piesent time; which report was laid on the table, j
and ordered to be printed. j
GALLERIES OF THE HOUSE. I
Mr. TURNER asked leave to offer the follow- ;
ing resolution: i
Resolved, That the Scrgcant-at-arms be authorized and j
empowered to employ an expenenced police officer to attend !
the galleries of this House duting the remainder of the ses- |
sion. ' '
Mr. BRODHEAD objected to the resolution.
There was, he said, no use in it.,
Mr. TURNER moved a suspension of the rules
to enable him to offer the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS inquired if a motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the CJnion
would take precedence ?
The SPEAKER said that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Turner,j being a mo-
tion to suspend the tules, would be hrst put.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to suspend the rules. '
So the resolution was not introduced.
ANCIENT MONUMENTS OF UNITED STATES.
Mr. TAYLOR moved that the rules be sus-
pended, for the purpose of enabling him to offer
the following resolution, viz:
Re$olred} That the Clcik ot the House of Representatives
be, and lie n hereby, authoiized to contract with Me&srs.
Buitlett and Weltoid, ot New York, publishers on behalfof
the authors of the work on the Ancient Monuments of the
United States, lecently issued by tile Smithsonian ln->titu-
j lion, for a sufficient number of the copies ot the same, ac-
| comp.uned l y the supplementary memoir now in course of
; preparation, on the ancient remains m the State of New
! YoiK, a% maj be necessary to supply two copies to each
j member, one ol which shall be deposited in &orne public
| library in each Congressional distnct, to be designated by
j the member repiesenumj the same; and that the cost of the
{ above books, not to exceed eight dollars ptr volume, be paid
I out of the contingent fund ot tins Hou-se.
| The question being put on the suspension of the
i rules, it was decided in the negative—two-thirds
! not voting in favor thereof,
I HOUR OF MEETING,
j Mr. MURPHY asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
! Jieiolvedy That from ant' after this (lay the XIousc will meet
at eleven o'clock 111 the forenoon.
I Objection having been made, Mr. MURPHY
I moved a suspension of the rules.
And two-thirds having voted therefor, the rules
were suspended.
And the resolution being before the House—
Mr. TURNER moved to amend it by striking
out "eleven" and inserting "ten."
The amendment was rejected.
And the original resolution was adopted.
CHIPPEWA INDIANS.
Mr. McILVAINE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported back to
till House, without amendment, the joint resolu-
tion of the Senate entitled "Resolution to defray
the expenses of certain Chippewa Indians and
their interpreter."
The bill having been read by its title—
Mr. McILVAINE said, that as it was necessary
that the bill, if passed at all, should be passed im-
mediately, he would move a suspension of the
rules, so as to dispense with its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion.
The SPEAKER safid, if there was no objection,
the bill would be considered in the House, with-
out going to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
No objection was made.
Mr. McILVAINE moved the previous question.
Mr. BE.ODHEAD said he hoped the demand
would not be sustained. The House ought to know
whether this was ordered by the department.
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded. The main question was ordered, and (un-
der the operation of the previous question) the bill
was read a third time and passed.
Mr. McILVAINE moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
* WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Mr. KAUFMAN, in pursuance of previous no_
| tiee, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bii^
of the following title:
! A bill to require the heads of bureaus and other
I officers at the seat of Government, ill examining
; and deciding upon claims arising out of the late
| war with Mexico, to give preference and priority
in such examination to those belonging to and pre-
fened by widows and orphans, or their agents.
The bill having been read twice by us title—
Mr. KAUFMAN said he should ask the imme-
diate passage of the bill. . We had just passed a
bill in favor of the Chippewa Indians, and he
hoped that the widows and orphans of those who
fell in the service of their country would not be
forgotten by the Representatives of the American "
people. They had lost their all—their protectors
and their friends. Many of them were poor, and
suffering the inflictions of poverty and want. Will
you deny them speedy and ample justice? They
have no influential friends to press tlieir claims,
and they may be crowded out of a consideration
of their claims, even in their regular order,.by the
importunities of agents and others, pressing the
demands of more fortunate and influential claim-
ants against the Government. He demanded the
previous question.
The bill was read through; and, on motion of
Mr. KAUFMAN, under the operation of lh"e pre-
vious question, was read a third time and passed.
Mr. KAUFMAN moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, but waived the motion (on pledge of
renewal) at the request of
Mr. MEADE, on whose motion leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the House
the petition and papers of J. C. Eccleston.
Mr. M. then renewed the motion of Mr. Vw-
To\r, which was decided in the affirmative.
THE MEXICAN TREATY. *
The House again resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Cab-
ell, of Florida, in the chair) on the bill to pro-
vide for carrying into execution in part the twelfth
article of the Treaty with Mexico, concluded at
Guadalupe Hidalgo.
The debate was continued by Mr. DONNELL.
Mr. D. having concluded—
Mr. CP^OWELL gave notice that he should
avail himself of the first opportunity he could ob-
tain when the territorial bills were under consid-
|j eration, to pay his respects to the gentleman who
II had just taken his seat, [Mr. Donnell.]
