1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
then in session, incorporated in the civil list bill of
that year the following item:
«Foi the expenses of running and marking the boundary
line between tiic United states and Mexico, and paying the
salaries of the officeis of the commission, a sum not exceed-
ing fifty thousand dollars."
But Congress neglected to establish the office of
commissioner or surveyor. In the Constitution of
the United States he found this general principle
familiar to every one, but which, he thought, it
.would be well enough to refer to, as- gentlemen
seemed to have lost sight of late of this instrument:
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the
Senators present concur; and he shall nominate, and by and
■with the advice and consent of the Senate, fhall appoint
ambassadors, other public ministers and confute, judges of
th^ Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
State*, whose appointments are not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and which shall be established by law; but the
Congress may by law vest the appointment ot such mfeiior
officeis as they ihink proper m the President alone, or in
the heads of derailments"
The President (Mr. S. continued) seemed to
have had this clause of the Constitution in his
mind when he called.upon Congress to make pro-
vision for the establishment of these offices, so as
to enable him to have the tieaty carried into effect.
He seemed to have lost sight of it when, aa had
been said, the President, together with the Senate,
had appointed and confirmed a commissioner to
run a boundary line of this sort, when the office
had not been provided for by law. Not only had a
commissioner been thus appointed, but his salary
had been fixed by the President. The President
did not at that time (as he had often done before,
and had done since) seem to consider that he was
the Government of the United States. His func-
tions ceased when he had made the treaty. So the
President believed; for, in specific terms, not now
to be explained away, he asked Congress to pass
a law establishing this office of commissioner,
Had new lights dawned upon him? There was no
escaping from his construction of these poweis as* i
then entertained by him.
Mr. VINTON rose to a question of order. This
(he said) was a bill to pay Mexican instalments
due under the treaty—the 12th article. It was a
bill for the payment of that money, and nothing
else—a bill in relation to our engagements with j
Mexico. His colleague [Mr. Schenck] had moved
an amendment making it a condition of the pay-
ment of the money that we should pass a law con- '
cerning our own* domestic affairs, and that the
money should not be paid until then. This was
a business of our own, with which Mexico, on
this article of the treaty, had nothing to do.
Mr. SCHENCK. The title of the bill declares
it to t be a bill to carry into execution the treaty
with Mexico.
Mr. ASHMUN said he had understood the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] to make a
point of order. He (Mr. A.) thought that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] might mod-
ify his motion so as to avoid all objections on the
point of order, by saying that no part of the ap-
propriation heretofore made for the purpose of
running the boundary line should be expended,
&e. The gentleman would thus avoid the point
of order.
Mr. STRONG inquired whether this was de-
batable?
The CHAIRMAN said debate was not in order.
Mr. ASHMUN made a lemark not heard by
the reporter.
The CI-IAIRMAN, in reply to the point of
order of Mr. Vinton, decided that the amendment
of Mr.'Schenck was not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision.
The question on the appeal was then taken, and
the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
So the amendment of Mr. Schenck was not
received.
Mr. MOREHEAD offered the following amend-
ment, to come in as an additional section to the
bill. He thought it, he said, a matter of some
consequence. The amendment was read:
Be it further enacted, That until provision for the tempo-
ral y government of the Tenitories of California and New
Mexico be made by CongMss, all the military, civil, and
judicial powers exercised by the olfieeis ot the existing gov-
ernments of the same .shall be vested in such peison and
persons, and thai! be exercised in such manner a*-the Pres-
ident ot the United States shall direct, lor mainuuning and
protecting the inhabitants of said temtories hi the free en-
joyment of then liberty, piopcrty, and religion. And to
cany into effect the piovisions of this section, the sum of
one hundred thousand dollars be, and the same is heieby,
appropriated out of any money in the treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
• Mr. VINTON said he raised the same question
of order and for the same reason as in the former
case. The amendment had no relation tp the 12th
article of the treaty.
Mr. MOREHEAD, I understood this wa^ a
general appropriation bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was so the other day. _
Mr. NICOLL inquired of the Chair if the amend-
ment was in order?
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was not.
Mr. MOREHEAD appealed from the decision.
This (he said) was, in his opinion, the only occa-
sion that would be presented to do anything what-
ever in relation to the establishment of a govern-
ment in California.
Mr. ROOT, i hope we shall not do it under
the five minutes rule.
The question, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee? was then
taken and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed.
The amendment, therefore, was not entertained.
Mr. ASHMUN said that tins was a bili making
an appropriation to carry into execution the 12th
article of the treaty with Mexico. He would now
offer an amendment to carry out another article of
the same treaty, it was as follows:
Sec. 2. Be it jnrther enacted, That the commi?sioner and
surveyor to be appointed on the partot the United States,
for the purpose or designating the boundary line and estab-
lishing on the ground landmarks to >hovv the hmit> ot the
; United States and the Mexican Republic, accoidmg to the
fifth article of the tieaty between them, concluded on the
second day of February, one thousand eight hundred and
forty-eight, shall be selected and appointed by the President
of the United States from the corp-. ot 'Topographical Engi-
neers. Audit shall be lawful Jorthe President to eau?e other
officers ot said corps, at Ins discretion, to be employed to aid
and assist in designating said line and establishing said land-
marks. And the said commissioner may employ a secretary,
who shall he allowed and paid a salary at the rate of two
thousand dollais per annum: Provided, "That eaid appoint-
ment shall terminate at the expiration of three vears irom
the time said commissioner shd.ll enter upon the perfoim-
ance of his duties.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States is hereby authouzed to make, oat ot any
appropiiation lor&aid service, such per diem allowance to
officers engaged on tins duty as s-haH,asiu his judgment, be
necessary to cover extra expenses.
Sec. 4. And belt fvrther enacted, That in order to expe-
dite the survey ol said boundary, it •shall he lawlul for the
President to employ parties on different parts ot the bound-
ary at the same time, the surveys ot which pames, being
approved by the commissioners under the treaty, shad be
received and treated as surveys of said boundary.
Mr. VINTON raised the point of order on that
amendment also.
The CHAIRMAN decided the amendment to
be out of order.
Mr. ASHMUN appealed from the decision.
Mr. ROOT asked for the reading of the amend-
ment, and it was again read.
The question on the appeal was then taken*, and
decided in the aiSrmative.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed, and
the amendment was not received.
Mr. SCHENCK rose, he said, to propose a sub-
stitute for the whole bill. It was read as follows:
That the President of the United Stated be, and he is
hereby, authorized and instructed to enter forthwith into
negotiations with the Government ot the Republic ol Mex-
ico foi the surrender to said Republic of all the temtones
known as New Mexico and Upper California, or so much
theieofas lies west of the Rio Giande, of am utle thereto
which was acquned by the United Slates under the filth
aiticle ol the treaty between the United States and Mexico,
made and concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the 2d day
of February, A. D. 1^48, the President to leqmre, as a con-
sideiation for such sui render on the part of the United Stales,
a release by Mexico of all her claim or demand lor the sev- |
eral instalments amounting lo twelve millions of dollars, ,
with the interest theieon, yet remaining to.be paid lo her, i
according to the agtecment in the twelfth article in the said i
treaty, [nnd upon the further consideration that for the three I
millions of dollars aheady paid to Mexico, she shall r< lease j
to the United Slates ail claim to so much of the territory of j
Upper California as will embrace the bay of San t'lanci&eo t
and the branches and navigable waters theieot. to be of such I
extent as shall secuie to the United States and hei citizens j
the lull owners-hip and use of said bay and its shor«'s and i
waters.] I
The CHAIRMAN ruled the amendment out of j
order.
Mr. SCHENCK appealed from the decision.
Mr. STARKWEATHER hoped, he said, that
the committee would not sustain the decision. He
hoped that the amendment might be brought into
the House, so that the yeas and nays might be
taken upon it.
After a briefconversation between Mr. TOOMBS !
and the CHAIRMAN, the question "Shall the I
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?" was taken, and decided in the
negative—ayes 59, noes 79.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
And the amendment being before the commit'
tee—
Mr. SCHENCK asked that it might be again
read, so that it might be fully understood; and
having been read—
Mr. S. said, that before the vote was taken on
the substitute he had proposed, he wished to sub-
mit a few remarks. They must be necessarily
very few, in the five minutes only that the rule
allowed him for being heard. Gentlemen were
very much mistaken if they supposed that what
he had proposed was merely offered as clap-trap,
or for effect, and not in perfect good faiih. The
proposal for a surrender of the countries wrested
from Mexico might not meet with much favor
now, but he presented it in all seriousness. lie
might stand alone; but he was willing to make his
mark. His proposition involved a question of
consistency, a vindication of principle, which he
felt rose above any mere^consideration of present
policy or expediency.
He was sorry that he could not be permitted to
develop his views upon this subject more at length.
That he had desired and intended to do, and would
have attempted it, if the debate under the hour
rule in committee had been continued until next
Wednesday, as he had supposed.it was to be. He
had been called out of the city when the bijl came
up last Friday, and did not know until this morn-
ing that there had been an order of the House to
stop the debate to-day.
He had, from the beginning, been opposed to all
schemes for the annexation of additional territory
to these United States, He had resisted hereto-
fore all attempts at aggrandizement by the exten-
sion of our boundaries. He did not mean to aban-
don that ground while there was a possibility of
resistance; and if there could no longei be success-
ful resistance, he would at least maintain his own
consistency, by continuing to assert the pnncipie
of true national policy for which he had always
con tended.
The acquisition of these distant territories had
brought with them, and were likely to entail upon
our country, nothing but trouble. Without them
'we should have been saved from questions of
difficulty, the end of which no man can see,
the agitation and adjustment of which are even
now threatening to destroy the harmony, or e\en
the very existence of our Union. It is true that
as a part of this acquisition there has come a legion
rich in mineral wealth—abounding m gold, which
seems to have almost stolen away the senses of
our people. But'was the country any more a
blessing to us on that account? He feared not.
We had lessons of warning enough in- the influ-
ences of mines of the precious metals upon the
chaiacter arid prosperity of other nations. He
would repeat what he had said here on a former
occasion. If it were not irreverent so to speak,
he would say that, in the Providence of God, it
seemed as if this abundance of gold in California
had been permuted to be discovered, (hat it might
work retributive justice upon us for having stolen
the country, or wrested and forced it as conquest,
under the forms of a treaty, from Mexico. He
alluded to the effect this " gold fever'' was having
upon our people, exciting them to despise the slow
and regular acquisitions of Sionest industry, and
maddening them with a morbid desire for a sud-
den and irregular attainment of wealth. It threat-
ened to convert us all into a nation of gamblers. No
man now could tell how, in the present_disturbed
and unsettled condition of things, an eiiioiem and
proper government for that distant province was to
be devised. No man could estimate the crimes
and disorders likely to be committed there beyond
the control of law, where cupidity and reckless pas-
sions must have sway, freed from any sufficient
restraints of either civil or military rule.
He agreed in much lhat had been said by his
colleague, [Mr. Vinton.] If we were forced to
keep this country, we must at least pay for it. He
wanted no breach of faith towards Mexico. We
had enough to answer for without adding that.
The only way now, perhaps, for getting rid of
these territories was through further negotiation,
and another treaty. It was therefoie he had pro-
posed his amendment. He wanted to invite Mex-
ico to negotiations looking to that object.
