1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
that no modification by the gentleman was in j
order. ,. j
The CHAIRMAN said he had been of the
opinion that no vote had been taken.
Mr. SCHENCK said there had been no vote
taken upon his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be on
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia to
the amendment.
Some conversation arose (amid considerable con-
fusion) between Mr. SCH EJN'CK and the CHAIR-
MAN, the former gentleman contending for the
right to modify his.amendment.
The CHAIRMAN decided that it was not com-
petent for the gentleman from Ohio, after a vote
had'been taken, to accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia as a modification of his
amendment.
Mr. STUART renewed his point of order, and
called the attention of the Chairman to the fact
that the gentleman from Ohio offered his amend-
ment as a substitute to the whole bill, and the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia to the
substitute proposed to reincorporate the old bill.
This, he held, was not in order.
Whigs ha.d charged the Democratic party with I
having stolen these territories of New Mexico and
California. There was a rule of common law that
the receivers of stolen goods were quite as guilty
as the thieves; and he hoped henceforward that
the Whigs, as they had refused to give back or
even negotiate for the return of that which they
had declared to be stolen property, wonl(| for the
future time consider themselves estopped—that
their mouths would be closed.
He moved to lay on the table the motion to re-
consider.
And it was ordered accordingly.
The question then recurred on the third reading
of the bill.
And the bill having been read a third time, and
the question being on its passage—
Mr. VINTON moved the previous question,
which was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
" By Mr. GREELEY: The petition of John E. Mills and
other citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania, lor ibe free-
dom of the public lands. Also, the petition of Joll.v Long-
sieve and 88 other citizen's of Rucks county, Pennsylvania,
for all constitutional action by Congress looking to the ulti-
mate abolition of slavery. Also, the petition of Lorenzo
Wylie and other citizens of Covington, Wyoming county,
New York, for free grants of public lauds to actual settlers.
Also, the remonstrance of Richard Harbaek and other citi-
zens of New York eity, against the employment oi steam*
power and machinery in the. bonded warehouses of the Uni-
ted States. Also, the" petition of Seth Cole and other citizens
of Alton, Wayne eomuy, New York, foi the sale of public
lands in limited quantities only to actual settleis for the bare
cost of survey and location.
By Mr. PALFHEY: The petition of Orrel W. Owen, and
forty-one others, praiing Congress to prevent the extension
of slavery, to withdraw the protection of Government from
the American slave trade, and to suppress slavery wherever
Congress has competent jurisdiction.
By Mr. MANN, of Pennsylvania: The petition of Joseph
Cri«man, David Fluek, and thirty-one others, citizens of
Bedlord and Huntingdon counties, Pennsylvania, praying
. The CHAIRMAN oveiruled the point of order, ,  
deciding that it now came too .ate, as it had already  gy. ft
been overruled by the Chair, and the decision : gri(]lfes> Brodheari, William G. Brown, Chalice Brown,
acquiesced in by the committee. ;; Albert G. Brown, Burt, Cabell, Cath^art,Chapman, Cha«p,
The question was then taken on the amendment ; Clapp. F.ankhn Clark, Beveriy L. Clarkp,
of Mr. Botts to the amendment, and it was re-I;
jected. . . , 1 hno, b'ick y, Dixon, Duer. Garnett Duncan, Eckert, Ed-
m ■ i 1 ,1. ... ...  ! .. —. A v. +U rt /Nttlfvmnl ! n • —
Mr THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the ! rortheestaiilisrnentotapostroutefi-oin Hopewell post office,
' ,i |U main nnootinn- \i/hich were ! Bedlord county, via liroadtop, Trough Creek Valley, and
yeas and na^ys on the mam question, which \ e , c m t0 Mlll Crcek post office,in Huntingdon county,
ordered, and being taken, resulted—yeas 187,, a (i,stariCe of thirty-three miles.
as follows:
Adams, Atkinson, Barrmg^r, Barrow,
nays <
YEAS—Messrs.
Birds\li., and upon the second count, (a disagree- j n.irmanson, Hams, I-Ia-kdl, Henley, Hill, Milliard, Elias
ment having ariL upon the first,) reported ayes |
85, noes 81. :: johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, John VV.
So the substitute of Mr. SciIENCR was adopted. 1 J,)neii Kaufman, Kello<rg, Kennon, Thomas Butler King,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said, that as no further j Daniel P. King, Lahm, La Sfere, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler,
"dor the. rule, be m or^ I Ligon, Lincoln, Lord Lumpkin, Mac lay, McCe ta,! ■
Do well riWellvaiiie, McKav, McLan^, McQueen, Jon Mann,
Marrli, Marvin. Meade, Miller, Morehead, Morris, Morse,
Mullin. Murphy, Nelson, Nes, Newel), Nieoll, Outlaw, Pal-
frey, Peaslee, Peck, Pendleton, Peine, Peuit, Pevton
amendment would now, under the rule, be in or
der, he would move that the committee rise and
report the bill as amended to the House.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit-
tee rose and reported the bill as amended to the
House.
Mr. VINTON demanded the previous question.
There was a second, and tire main question (be-
ing first on the substitute amendment reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, asked the
yeas and nays thereon; which were ordered.
The amendment having, on the call of many
members, been again read—
* The question was taken and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 11, nays 194, as follows:
' YEAS—AIe«-sr«. Aslimun, Cranston, Crowell, Fisher,Gid-
dm<5<, Henry, Horace Mann, Palfrey, Sciienck, Stephens,v
and Toombs—11. „ . „
iVAYS Messrs. Adams, Atkinson, Barunger, Harrow,
Bavlv, Beale, Bedinser, Bingham, Birdsall, Blackmar, Blan-
chaid, Bocock, Botts,Bowdon, Bowhn, Bojd, Boyden,Bra-
dv Bndecs Brodhead,.Burt, W.0. Brown, Charles Brown, •
Alberto: Brown, Cabell. Canhy,Cathcart, Chapman, Chase,
Clapp, Fianklin Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, Clingman, How-
ell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb. Cocke, Collamer, Col-
lins Conner, Cnsfield, Crozier, Cummins Daniel, Darlinc,
Diekev, Dixon, Duer, Gainett Duncan, Dunn, Eckert, Ed-
Kall Edwatd*, Emhree, Alexander Evans., Nathan Evan?,
Fanui Fancllv, Feather«ton, Piekhn, Floumoy. 1*lec-dley,
French Fries", Fulton, Gaines, Gavle,Gentry,Goggin, Gott,
Gieel^v, Greeorv, Giinnell, Hale, Willaid P. Hall, ftathan
K. Hall, Hanimons, James G. Hauipton, Mo&os Hampton,
HaiaUon, Harmanson, Harris, Henlev, Hill, Hilhaid.EhuS
B. Holmes, Georae S.-Houston, John W. Houston, Hubbard,
Intrp Joseph R. Ingersoll, Iveison, Jenkins, James H. John-
son. Robert W. Johnson, Georue W Jones, John Y\ . Jone-.
Kaufman. Kelloga, Kennon, Thomas B. King. Daniel P.
Km* Lahm. La Sidney Lawrence, Leifier, Lijjon,
LinSoInf Sd, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland MoCler-
nand McDowJl, Mcllv.tmc, McKav, irfcLane, McQueen,
Job Marm Marr-h, Maivm, Meade, Miller, Moreht ad._Mo>--
r'< 5lor«e' Mullin, Murphv, Nel?on, Nos, Neweli, Nicol!,
Outlaw, Pe^lec, Peck, Pcrdletou, Petrie, PettU Pejton
piielp-' Pil^uity, Pollock, Pie^ton, Putnam,Rnett, R.ehard
Phelps Pilsbiiry. Pollock, Preston, Reynolds, Rhett. Rich-
ardson, Richey, Rohin.-on,
A. Rockwell, Roman, Root.
Sheppeid, Silvester, Simpson/ 4. .
Smith, Robt. Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton,Starkweather,
i Andrew Stewart, Chailes E. Stuart. Stiohni, fefrong, laM-
i madffe, Tavlor, Thihodeaux, Thomas, James Thompson,
I Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, Robert A.Thompson,
' William Thompson, Thurston, Tompkins, Turner, van
i Dvke, Venable. Vinton, Wallace, Warren, Wentworth,
Wick, Wiiev, Williams, and Wilmot—187.
NAYS Mes5is. Ashmun, Ctan?ton, Crowell, Giddjngs
Heniy, Schenck, Stephens, and Toombs—8.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. TURNER moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
And it was ordered accordingly.
By Mr. MURPHY: The memorial of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Brooklyn Institute, praying that a sufficient
number of the scientific leports of the late United States
Exploung Expedition be published to supply one copy to each
of our public collegiate, -ciemitie, and literary associations
and libraries, ffnd to meet the wants of men of science.
By Mi. STARKWEATHER: The petition ot Elizabeth
Henrietta Fenno.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The'petiiion of citizens of
Thornton, Cook county, Illinois for a donation of land for
a railroad to connect the Mississippi river with the take*.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition ot P. P. Atwell and
160 others, citizens of Washington county, New York, pray-
ing for a reduction of postage, and for the entire abolition of
the franking privilege, &c. " *
By Mr. BARRINGER: The petition of the chiefs and war-
riors of the Seneca tribe of Indians re.-iding in western New
York, praying an examination and allowance of their claim
against the General Government, contained and discussed in
the report of the Secretary of War to the Senate, dated Jan-
uary 18,1848,30th Congress, 1st session, Senate document
No. 31.
Bv Mi. THOMPSON, of Iowa: The joint resolution or
the "General Assembly of the State of Iowa, for a mail route
fiom Keokuk, in Lee county, via Sampson's and Croton, to
Farmirigton, in Van Buren county.
By Mr. MILLER: The pennon of sundry citizens of
\
Roekhill, Julnn Rockwell, John Richland county, Ohio, piaying Congress to pass a aw pre-
oot Rumsev, St. John, Savvver, ■; venting the transportation o( the mail and the delivery of
*n)i] Shnwrlaml, Smait, Caleb B. letter, &c., on the fir.,t day of the week. *
*■ l     .... ; Cy Mr. HALL, of New York: The petition of several
1 hundied masters and owners of neamboats and vessels nav-
.. igdtms; the ^ieat lake«, and others, praying for the passage
I <M'a Ui\v iegnlntins[ the canymgof freights m the steamboats
i and vessels encaged in such navigation. Also, two petitions
of masters and owneis of steamboat* and terete, and others,
■ praying for an appropnation tor the erection of a marine
;i ho«pita! at Buffalo, New York. '
By Mr. BOUOCK: The petition of citizens of Fluvanna
' countv, Ynginici, in favor ol cheap postage.
I By' Mr. RICHARDSON: The petition of citizens of
'j Chambersburg, Pike county, Illinois, pra>ingCongress to
!' pass a law to afford a military escort for armament from
II Fort Leaven worih, Mo., near to some point in California, and
from California to Fort Leavenwoith. Also, a petition of the
citizcns of Schuvler cQuntv, upon the same subject. Also,
the petition of sundry citizens of Fulton county, Illinois,
praying for a donation of land by Congress to aid in the con-
stiuction of a railroad from the Mississippi river to Chicago.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Schuyler county,
Illinois, prajing the establishment of a post route hom
Fredericksville, in Schujler county, to Astoria, in Fulton
county.
ILLINOIS RESOLUTIONS*
Mr. LINCOLN, on leave given, presented cer-
tain joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Illinois, asking a grant of lands to aid in
the construction of certain railroads;
Also, in favor of a uniform rate of letter post-
age of five cents; . „ u
Also, in relation to the erection of a marine nos- ;
nital at Rock Island, Illinois, ■
Also, in relation to improvements of western |[ Tuesday, February -0, 1849.
rivers and lakes; Mr. BENTON presented the memorial of Chas.
Also, in relation to the preemption on lands r. q._ Page, representing that he has discovered a
granted' for internal improvement purposes: !| mode of .applying rlectro-magnetic power to the
Which several resolutions were laid upon the,1 purposes of navigation and locomotion, as a sub-
table and ordered to be printed. stitute for steam, and asking that an examination
FEES OF LETTER CARRIERS. !' may be made inio the merits of his discovery by a
, , l. c «5necial committcc of the henate.
Mr. GOGGIN asked the unanimous consent of ; ^ ^ (he memorlal was brief and import-
the House to o(Ter a resolution calling on tne Post- 1  
son. Ricliev, Rohm<mi, Rocklull, Julius Rockwell, John A. ' „ etpr (jen(.rai !,e reqiiesttd
B. "• to ihia House the rcwowfor ,ed«c.n(rth<-f«
Smith', Roheit Smith,Tinman S.nitll, Stanton, Staikweatij-
er, Andrew Stewart, Cha*. £• Stuart, Stiohni,&tion^. ta.i
\\\ Thomson, John B. Thompson, Robeit A.
"illiani Thompson, Thurston, 'J'ompkms, Tur-
0. Vennhle, Vinton, Wallace, Wan en, U ent-
madge, Taj lor, Thomas, Jain^s Jacob_ihosnp
son, Richaul V
Thompson, Will
nor. Van D\ke, \ ?    ,IT: t , u,, ,
woiUi, White, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilm t, and \\ ood-
ward—194.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TURNER moved a reconsideraion of the
vote by which the amendment had been rejected.
He merely desired, he said, to remark that the w journed.
master General for certain information, to which
he hoped there would he no objection. The teso-
lution was read, as follows:
to
communicate to tin* House the reasonsTor ledueiri? the fees
■ of Jetier earners m the citics of the Lmi.-d state?, a the
' same lias, been nonp ; wheic fuoU leduetmn made , the
oideis i<i«upd iherenpon ; how long the fonner rates liad
i been paid, and the rates now paid.
I Mr. KAUFMAN inquired of ^he Speaker,
j whether, by the rule, the resolution must not lie
over one day?
The SPEAKER said the resolution could not
be received, if objected to.
i On motion of Mr. KAUFMAN, the House ad-
ant. and therefore he would ask that it be read.
The Secretary read it accoidingly, as follows;
To the hmoiable the ScnnJr in Congress auemlled.-
Tin-? memorial hunibiv repiesents that \ourpelitionernas
dwnvvred a mode of appljmg elecuo-niagnHie power tor
the Din poses of navigation and loeomotnm, and an gtneral
subttitme for the dangerous ngencj ot steam. \o r peti-
tioner has been enL'Bired in the investigation of the* subject
for more than twelve years, at a gieate.\p<;nse and >aenftce,
and is now able to demonstrate the availability ol the eh c-
tro-ma^netie power a« a meehanieal agent, upon a scale of
magnitude commensurate with \n> limited m.-an^. In view
of the immense saving oi human hie and p'opoit\ to W- ay-
rived from the apnhcation ot this ^ wei to the ^.xc.u-ion of
bteauu vour petitioner is deeply impre^ed with she import-
ance of its immediate introduction. Mid r< -prrttshh u.xiks
the attention of \our lionoiable body to tins In- invi r.r.on,
friu"htwnh so much in^re^t to the Go\enunent and tne
people at large. A few since, upon the uittwicv ot *
