560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20.,
limited experimental trial of telegraphing by electro-magnet-
ism, made within the walls of the Capitol, provision was
made by authority of'Congre&a to test the merits of that in-
vention upon an extensive scale. The stupendous achieve-
ments of the telegraph at the present day are but the first
fruits of thai provision.
Your petitioner respectfully asks of ybur honorable body
the appointment of a special committee to examine his in-
vention, and inquire into the expediency of legislation upon
this subject. Your petitioner will, at his own expense,
exhibit to said committee, and such scientific advisers as
they may elect, the operation and capabilities of his electro-
magnetic engines, abiding in their wisdom and judgment as
to the propriety of further action for the development of
this important invention.
Respectfully submitted. CHARLES G. PAGE.
Mr. BENTON. To save time, sir, because the
experiments are in course of exhibition in this city
by Dr. Page, the appointment of a select commit-
tee for the purpose of examining them is desirable,
that we may have their opinion; I will therefore
now ask for the appointment of such committee.
And I would state, at the same time, that for three
years, or nearly three years, I have myself had
some knowledge of Dr. Page's experiments m the
application of this great power to the useful pur-
poses of manufacturing, and am seriously inclined
to consider them ofimportance. I have seen others,
too, who have science, which I have not, who are
much impressed with them; and this morning I
read a paragraph, taken from a London paper,
from which it appears that sundry-experiments
are now going ori to show that the inventor is able
to apply a five-horse power to purposes of navi-
gation or other useful purposes. I therefore ask,
that as our time is running short, and as these
experiments are now in the course of exhibition
here, we dispense with further forms, and that we
appoint a select committee of seven persons for
their examination. I send my resolution to the
Chair.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That a select committee of seven be appointed
to examine the invention ofProfes«sor Page, of Wa>hinston,
in relanon to a mode of applying electro-magnetic power to
the pmposea of navigation and locomotion.
, Mr. PHELPS. Mr. President, I do not know
"what object that resolution contemplates, nor do I
know what action of the Senate is contemplated or
desired. I should be Very glad to be informed as
to the object of this resolution; and the reason of
my making the suggestion is, that, unless I am
greatly mistaken, this memorialist is not entitled
to the credit of having originated this invention.
Some years since a very humble individual of the
State which I have the honor to represent made
this discovery, and various experiments were tried
in the application of this power to the movements
of machinery. If any action of the Senate is con-
templated, it might be important to know what
pretensions others have to the originality of this
discovery. J have some doubts, and should be very
glad to be informed on the subject. I desire an
explanation.
Mr. BENTON, I expect that it is the same
with this invention as with all others—new claim-
ants to its discovery will arise and affirm that they
are its original authors. I believe, sir, that the
application of steam to the propulsion of boats
and vessels has been thought practicable ever since
water was boiled; but it was not until after an im-
mense number of experiments had been made for
the purpose of thus applying it, that the project
succeeded. Attempts have been made to apply
this magnetic power in the same way by various
individuals in the United States, and perhaps they
have been made successful to the propulsion of a
few ounces of matter; but I apprehend that Pro-
fessor Page is far in advance in his experiments of
any others of a similar character that have been
attempted. Gentlemen who may have an oppor-
tunity of attending on the lectures he is now en-
gaged in delivering, cannot but see that he is far
in advance of anything that has yet been done
upon the subject. All I ask is, that gentlemen
will go and see for themselves. I hope that such
will be the course of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. PHELPS. My purpose, when I before
addressed the Senate, was not to throw any obsta-
cle in the way of this resolution, but simply to
suggest that we had better not have any action
upon the subject until we had found out who was
the original discoverer of this power. The idea
of applying this agent to the movement of machin-
ery is not original. How far Dr. Page may have
transcended others in his experiments! am unable
° saY- 1 have no objection to the resolution of
the honorable Senator from Missouri, and only
made the remarks I did with the view of intima-
ting to the Senate that there might be other claim-
ants to the originality of this invention.
Mr. BENTON, i will barely state, for the
honor of Dr. Page, from a statement made to me.
by a friend, that in his- last lecture on this subject
—at whiah I was unable to be present—he advert-
ed to the experiments made upon the subject by
the gentleman alluded to by the Senator from Ver-
mont, and gave him full credit for all the informa-
tion he had elucidated with regard to it.
The resolution was then considered, by unani-
mous consent, and adopted.
Mr. BENTON moved that the committee be
appointed by the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT named the committee,
as follows: Messrs. Benton, Phelps, Westcott,
Berrien, Dix, Underwood, and King.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. HALE presented a petition from a number
of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that slavery
may not be extended to the 'new territories acquired
by the United States, and for the abolition of sla-
very in the District of Columbia.
Also, a petition from Nathan Evans and two
hundred and forty-one citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying that measures may be taken to effect a
change in the Constitution m relation to slavery.
Also, a petition from the Pennsylvania Society
for promoting the Abolition of Slavery and the
Slave Trade in the District of Columbia, praying
that slavery may be excluded from the territories
of the United States.
Also, a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
asking the abolition of slavery throughout the
United States.
Also, the proceedings of the Kennett Monthly
Meeting of the Society ofFriends of Chester coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, praying that slavery may be
abolished wherever Congress has power to do so;
but, at all events, to prevent its extension.
Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia, and all" other places where Congress
has exclusive jurisdiction, and that no State may
hereafter be admitted into the Union whose con-
stitution tolerates slavery.
The question of reception of these several peti-
tions was raised, and then laid on the table.
Also, the petition of E. J. Lewis, and fifteen citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying that a quarter sec-
tion of the public lands may be given to every
actual settler, free of charge; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition from citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying for the reduction of postage and the aboli-
tion of the franking privilege; was referred to the
Committee on the Post Oilice and Post Roads.
Also, several other petitions, praying for the
abolition ofslavery; on which the question of recep-
tion was raised, and laid on the table.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial from a
number of merchants of the city of Philadelphia,'
praying for an appropriation for the construction
of an ice harbor at the city of Delaware; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. C. also presented several petitions from the
counties of Lehigh, Luzerne, Lancaster, and Phil-
adelphia city and county, asking for a modification
of the revenue laws; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING presented a memorial from Dennis
Keenan, Jr., praying for a grant of land for the
construction of a railroad and magnetic telegraph
from Point Isabel to the Pacific Ocean; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BALDWIN presented a petition from Oli-
ver Tucker, a revolutionary soldier, asking to be
allowed a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BREESE presented two petitions from citi-
zens of Illinois, asking a grant of land to that
State to aid in the construction of a railroad from
the upper and lower Mississippi to Chicago; wfiich
were laid on the table.
Mr. FELGH presented a petition from citizens
of Detroit, praying for a reduction of the rates of
postage, the abolition of the franking privilege,
&c.; which was laid on the table.
MEXICAN TREATY.
A bill from the House to provide for carrying
into execution a part of the twelfth article ol the
treaty with Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo, was read a first and second time.
Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, I hope that
hill will be now acted upon with the general con-
sent of the Senate. It merely provides for carry-
ing into effect the provisions of the treaty with
Mexico. Xt provides for the payment of the in-
stalments due to Mexico for two years, there
having been no such provision made in the appro-
priation bill of the last session. It is important
that this bill should be now passed, it is not a
bill of details, and I hope the Senate will act upon
it at once.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
A bill to require the heads of bureaus and other
officers at the seat of Government, in examining
and deciding upon claims arising out of the late
war with Mexico, to give preference and priority
in such examination to those belonging to and pre-
ferred by widows and orphans, or their agents,
was read a first and second time.
Mr. RUSK moved that the bill be now consid-
ered; and the motion being agreed to—
The bill was considered; and on the question of
its third reading, objections being made, it lies
over.
GOLD COINS.
A bill from the House to authorize the coining
o£ twenty-dollar and one-dollar gold pieces at the
Mint of the United States and its branches, was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Firance.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Andrew Y*. P. Gar-
nett; which was read, and ordered to a second,
reading.
•iVlr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the joint resolution
from the House in relation to evidence in applica-
tions for pensions by widows of deceased soldiers,
under the act of February 9, 1848, with amend-
ments.
Mr. J OHNSON moved that the Senate now con-
sider this bill; but objection was made,
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, a bifl to ex-
tend the provisions of an act, approved 3d March,
1847, for carrying into effect the existing compacts
with the States of Alabama and Mississippi with
regard to the five per cent, fund and school reser-
vations.
Mr. KING moved that this bill be now consid-
ered; which was agreed to.
The bill was then read a third time and passed:
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported, without amendment—
House bill for the relief of Lot Davis; and
House bill for the relief of William Gore.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported the bill making appropriations for
certain fortifications of the United States, for the
year ending June 30, 1850, without amendment.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, reported
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice of the United States for the year ending June
30, 1850, with amendments.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a joint resolution from the House
for the relief of pursers in the navy, as to expendi-
tures made in pursuance of orders during the war
with Mexico, without amendment.
Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, reported
the bill from the House for the relief of William
Butler, without amendment, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass.
Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, reported
House bill for the relief of Samuel Graves, without
amendment.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Committee on
Naval Affairs were discharged from the further
consideration of the bill for the relief of the legal
owners of the ship James Mitchell*, and it was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the Committee on
Naval Affairs w.ere discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of J. B. More & Co.,
and from the petition of George G. West, and
from the petition of Charles S. Ritchie.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Claims, reported the bill for the relief of James
Morehead, without amendment.
