THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES.
30th Congress, 2o Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1849.
New Series No. 36.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill granting a*^>ension to Sarah Cran-
dall; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported, without amendment, House bill
for the relief of John J. Young.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief
of Alexander Montgomery, Assistant duarter-
master General of the United States; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
BILL ON LEAVE.
Mr. DIX, pursuant to notice, asked and ob-.
tained leave to introduce a bill to continue the light
on Sands Point, Long Island; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Wl. GREER, JR.
On motion of Mr. DAYTON, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider a bill authorizing a patent to be issued to
William Greer, Jr.; which was considered, and
passed.
Mr. HALE then moved to reconsider this vote;
which motion lies over.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. MASON presented the annual report of the
Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; and moved
that one thousand copies be printed for the use of
the Senate; which was agreed to.
"WASHINGTON AND ALEXANDRIA STEAM-
BOAT COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill, and the amendment
was concurred in.
MOTION TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. ALLEN rose to move the Senate to take
up the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill, which on his motion was returned from the
House of Representatives to grant a right of way
across the public lands, and to dispose of said lands
in and for the several States, in the construction of
railroads and canals, had passed the Senate.
The motion not bejng in order, was not received.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. ATHERTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which lies over for consideration:
Retained, That "the resolution setting apart Thursday of
each week for the consideration of private bills be, and it is
hereby, rescinded.
THE NEW TERRITORIES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30, 1850;
the question pending being upon the amendment
submitted yesterday by Mr. Walker, in the fol-
lowing words;
gEC. jlatl be it further enacted, That all anii singular
the several acts of Congress respecting tlie registering, le-
cordine, eniulhng, or licensing ships or vessels, and the
"entry and clearance thereof, and the foreign and coasting
trade and fisheries, and all the acts respecting the imposing
and collecting of dulies on imports, and nil acts respccimg
trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and all aet<
respecting the public lands, of a public and general charac-
ter, and the provisions whereof can be made to apply to the
. territory west of the Rio del Norte, acquired from Mexico
by the treaty of the second day of February, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, be, and the same are hereby, extended
over and to, and made in full torce and efficacy ill all said
territory; and the President of the United States may pre-
scribe and ailopt such rules, regulations, and measures, con-
sistent with and in conformity to those laws, for the enforce-
ment of the same, as may be necessary in said tcinlory;
and may prescribe and establish, temporarily,such divisions,
districts, ports, offices, and all arrangements proper to en-
able said laws to be executed; and appoint and commission
&ueh office;s as may be lECcesiaiy to administer such laws
in said territories ; said officers tofcceive such compensa-
tion as the President may presenile, not exceeding double
the compensation heretofore paid to similar officers of the
United States, or its Territories, for like services : and to
enable the same to be done, the sum of one hundred thou-
sand dollars be appropriated, out of any money in the treas-
; ury not otherwise appiopriated.
1VEr, WALKER, being entitled to the floor, said:
; To the amendment which 1 offered yesterday, I
shall now propose some modifications by the con-
86
sent of the Senate. Before doina; so, I wish to
remark, that after consultation with many friends,
and particularly with the Senator from Mississip-
pi, [Mr. Footf.,] who had giyen notice of his in-
tention to offer a somewhat similar amendment, I
have co-me to the conclusion, so far as the amend-
ment is concerned, to extend its provisions, and
to extend them in such a manner a.s I think will
be beneficial to the objects which are sought to be
obtained. The amendment, sir, as I first intro-
duced it, it will be perceived, proposed merely to
extend certain laws, which related directly or in-
directlytrrthc revenue system of the United States,
to the territories acquired by treaty with Mexico.
Prom the accounts, sir, which we have from that
interesting section of our country, there is a great
degree of disorder and distraction prevailing among
the people. If, then, the members of the Congress
of the United States can, upon any subject, look
with an eye to their duties as statesmen,' it occurs
to me that they will seriously consider the propri-
ety of endeavoring, as far as ui their power lies, to
amend that condition of things.
Mr. ATHERTON. If the Senator from Wis-
consin will pardon me one moment—I undeistand
the Senator to modify the amendment which he
submitted. Has that modification been presented?
Mr. WALKER. I am about to present it.
Mr. ATHERTON. If the modification is sim-
ilar to it, I would raise the question of order,
whether the amendment be in order? '
Mr. FOOTE said, if the Senator from New
Hampshire' would allow him, he trusted that he
would not at present offer any obstacle to the
amendment. The amendment was, in substance,
similar to the one he had proposed to present.
Mr. ATHERTON felt it to be his duty to take
the opinion of the Presiding Officer as to whether
the modification was in order; it was well to have
it decided before they went into the discussion of
the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from New Hampshire state the grounds of his ob-
jection?
Mr. ATHERTON said his objection was, that
the amendment v/as not germane to the purposes
of the appropriation bill. It was carrying into
effect the laws of the United States in a territory
where these laws at present had no existence. The
object of it was, so far as he understood it, to ex-
tend the laws of the United States over the Terri-
tories of the United States, or the creating of a
government for the Territories of -the United
States. They might just as well, it seemed to
him, introduce a clause into the appropriation bill
creating a State government as one creating a terri-
torial government; and he felt it to be his duty to
take exception to that course.
The VICE PRESIDENT decided that the ob-
jection was not a sufficient ground for rejecting the
amendment.
Mr. WALKER (resuming the floor) said: I was
remarking, sir, that from the exciting condition of
things in California and New Mexico, the duty
devolved upon Congress of remedying this state of
things, a? far as it is in their power. To that end,
sir, the extension or modification of the amend-
ment which I offered, when the bill was last up,
is extended. And I will here read it, that what
few remarks I propose to make may be under-
stood. Some of the alterations are merely verbal;
others are substantial.
Mr. W. read his amendment as modified, as
follows:
Skc. —. -find he if further enacted, That the [Constitution
of the United States and] all and «mguiar the *pverai acts of
Congress respecting the re-ii.nenng and recoiduig, enrolling
or heensmsr s-lup* or ve^pi'?, and the entry ;md clearance
there-'f. and the luremn and coasting Hade and fi3herif^5 and
all the acts respecting the imposing and collecting of duties
on wnports, and all acts respecting trade and intercourse
with the Indian tribes, and all acts respecting the public
lands of a public ami general charoeter, and the piovi-nons
whereof [are suitable and proper to be applied] to the terri-
tory west of the Rio del NY>rte>, acquired fiom Mexico by the
treaty of the 2d of Febiuaiy, IS-ii, be, and the same are
hereby, extended over and [given] full force and efficacy in
all *aid territory; and the President of the United States [he,
and he is hereby, authorized to prescribe and establish all
proper and useful rttles and regulations (in conformity with
the Constitution of the United States) for the enforce-
ment of paid laws, in said Territory, and for the preser-
vation of order and tranquillity, and for the establishment
of justice therein, and from time to time to modify or change
the said rules and regulations in such manner as may seem,
to him discreet and proper] and may prescribe and establish
temporally such divisions, districts, ports, offices, and ar-
rangements [for the execution ofj said laws, and appoint and
commission such officers as may be necessary to administer
such iavvs in said Territory [fur such term or terms as he
may prescribe, who^c authority shall continue until o'ber-
wiso provided b$r Congress:] said officers to receive euch
compensation as the President may prei-eribe, notexceed-
i ing double the compensation heretofore paid to similar offi-
cers of the United States, or its Territories, for iike services;
and tocnable the same to be done, the sum of "two^hundred
thousand dollars be appropriated, out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
11 The words changed or introduced in the modio-
li cation are within brackets.
'| Mr. W. then continued: It will be seen, sir, that
i| the provisions of this amendment do not relate
\[ merely to the extension of the revenue laws over
the Territories of New Mexico and California, but,
i | in fact, to the placing; of the power somewhere by
ii which the order and stability of these Territories
'■: may be regulated, and that the evils that now exist
11 may be to some extent mitigated. This power,
;I under the exigency of the case, the amendment
!i proposes to give to the President of the United
>\ States, under the restrictions and limitations 'pro-
jj vided in the amendment. I have looked, sir, with
ji much interest, to the result of the action of Con-
j! gress with regard to our newly acquired territories.
;t Still, I could not deem it my duty to take any
I; prominent ^tfend with reference to the bill already
i! reported by the Senafor from Jlfinois, to provide
!j for the organization of governments for those terri-
tories. That Senator has done, it seems to me, all
that could have been done. He has inn-educed bills
for tiie establishment of a srovernrnent there; he has
urged them with great zed, eloquence, and forcc.
, He has presented them toCongressand tothecouis-
!i try. The present Congress is drawing to a close,
|| and the probability is,that this bill for the establish-
: j ment of a government in California and New Mex-
.! ico cannot be reached, or if reached, it cannot be
passed, in this state of the case, sir, this civil and
i; diplomatic bill being before us, I have felt that it
;i would not be immodest on my part, or trespassing
I' upon the time of the Senate, to propose this amend-
ment. Should it be adopted, the interestsof the
\] United States would be, to a considerable extent,
;I protected in her relations with that territory. To
j: a great extent the power can be exercised by the
!! properly-constituted authorities of the land to pre-
'■ serve the peace, £ood order, and interests of those
j. territories, ft will be seen—and it is but candid to
j; admit the fact—that this amendment, going to the
;i extent it does, will leave the people of these terri-
| tones yet to take the initiative steps m such muni-
. cipal government and municipal regulations as
; they may deem proper for their welfare and secu-
• rity. The amendment does not provide anything
I upon the subject. It is silent concerning all muni-
cipal regulations, and leaves the people of that
territory to adopt such as they may deem necessary
I for themselves.
; From the State which I have the honor to rep-
■ resent many intelligent and enterprising men have
j gone to these Territories. Many more are going,
j From the State whence you come, Mr. President,
■ there are many others who are moving westward
: to those newly-acquired Territories. There is,
I perhaps, not a Senator upon this floor who does
not know of many friends and neighbors who
4iave gone, or who are about to go to settle there.
We must, then, ail feel interested in establishing a
i, government of some kind; we must all leel tnat a
; government is necessary—that it is our duty, if
!, not on their account, upon account of old associa-
tions, old friendships, and old ties, to extent! some
:{ protection and some government to these people.
II ' Taking these views, sir, I again repeat that I
have looked with much solicitude to what should
i: be the action of Congress upon this subject. There
|f are questions whichlhave heretofore been agitated,
I1 and there may be others which may ari^e in this
discussion. But, sir, if my voice can have any
weght—if my opinions are worthy to be heard, I
would speak in terms of admonition to those who
