564
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLjQBE.
Feb. 20,
of his intention to introduce his bill, and that he
introduced it in accordance with the form of pro-
ceedings of this body. The bill was referred to a
committee, and a report was made upon it; and
subsequently the Senator from Illinois thought
proper materially to modify the bill. He offered a
substitute for the original bill, and it was thought
necessary, as being in accordance with the usual
course of proceeding in this body, that it should
be referred to .a committee.
$Tow these bills are essentially different,. The
first bill proposed to organize the territory lying
beyond the Sierra Nevada, and establish agovern-
ment there; the other bill applied to New Mexico
also. The bill introduced under the sanction,of
the select committee proposed to organize two
other governments, with very different boundaries.
'Now, the Senator from Tennessee comes in with
an amendment, which has not the advantage of
having received the examination of any committee,
to have the whole of this territory at once admitted
into the Union as a State, and this he proposes shall
he ingrafted upon an appropriation bill. Now, is
thiscongruousorincongruous? Iam farfrom impu-
ting "to that Senator improper motives; it would be
highly improper for me to do so; 1 do not even
accuse him of exercising what may be called par-
liamentary address, much less do I accuse him of
artifice. I have no tioubt but the Senator is actu-
ated by proper motives, and that he acts under a
due sense of his responsibility as a Sena.tor, and if
he is sustained by the Senate in amendmg'an ap-
propriation bill by a proposition of this kind, of
course I will submit and acknowledge that he is
in tne right, I understand the Chair to determine
that the amendment is proper, and if it is not ruled
otherwise by the Senate, 1 must of course yield to
a determination of a majority; but I take it upon
myself to say that the amendment is improper and
incongruous, and in some aspects of it a most dan-
gerous form of proceeding. I say dangerous, be-
cause it is.without precedent in the proceedings of
this body. It has none of the qualifications which
would render it proper to be attached to this bill;
it has not had the examination of a committee. I
shall vote to sustain the appeal taken by the Sena-
tor from New .Hampshire.
Mr. KING. 1 cannot agree with the Senators
in the ground they take with regard to this prop-
osition being out of order. That it is incongruous,
we nil must admit. The sense of propriety which
every gentleman must feci, ought to prevent him
from bringing forward propositions foreign to the
subject-matter under consultation. It is true,
when propositions are evidently and notoriously
incongruous, they rarely lend to any discussion,
but are refected at once. L ut the Chair has decided,
and I maintain decided correctly, that, according
to parliamentary law, the proposition submitted by
the Senator from Tennessee is in order. The Sen-
ator fro n Tennessee, however, it appears to me,
has taken a very erroneous view of the duty which
he owes to himself and to the country. Under the
existing state of circumstances, we all feel anxious
—as anxious, perhaps, as the Senator from Ten-
nessee can feel—that something should be done in
order to give a' government to those sections of
coLuitry which wc have acquired from «Mexico.
B4|phc Senator took some pains to show to the
Senate that this is the only chance of effecting that
object, and that, if this opportunity be allowed to
pass by, no other will be afforded. But Senators
will remember that we have a bill now before us,
reported by a select committee, embracing this
very object, that of establishing a government over
the Territories. When that bill comes up—and it
u in the power of the Senate to call it up when
they choose—the Senator can offer his amend-
ment, and] propose such modifications as he may
think proper to submit. All that I have to say in
regard to it is, that the incongruity of the amend-
ment does not, according to parliamentary law,
prevent the Senator from submitting the proposi-
tion. I regret that he has done so, however. I
think he has not consulted either the convenience
of the Senate, the dispatch of its business, or the
probability of settling this question by submitting
the proposition at this time, x trust he will recon-
it, and will content himself with amending
the bit reported by the Senator fr.om Illinois when
that bill comes up. I shall hbten to the Senator then
with great pleasuie; and if any other mode can be
devised by which a government can be extended
to the people oi* those Territories, I, for one, will
be prepared to go to the utmost limit'which is
practicable to accomplish that object.* And I hope
that my honorable friend from.Tenriessee will re-
lieve us-from the difficulty of acting upon the prop-
osition in connection with this appropriation bill.
Let this bill be first disposed of, confining the ap-
propriations as much as possible to those objects
for which appropriations are now authorized by
law-, and than take up this exciting subject, and
endeavor, if possible, to bring about such an ar-
rangement as may be most conducive to^the inter-
est of the country. 1 appeal, therefore, to the
Senator from Tennessee to withdraw the proposi-
tion , and save us from the necessity of voting upon
it in this connection, bccause some Senators will
doubtless give their votes upon the ground of its
incongruity; or if, after a protracted discussion, it
.should be decided to be admissible, you will there-
by establish a rule of practice which may embarrass
the Senate hei^after.
Mr. WALKER. Mr.-President, I wish to make
a few observations in reply to some of the remarks
of the Senator from Tennessee. The Senator con-
founds the amendment to the amendment with the
amendment itself, and says, if the one be out of
order, the other must, of course, also be out of
order. I take it that there is a wide distinction
between the amendment to the amendment and the
amendment which I had the honor to offer. My
amendment relates to the subjects of revenue—
subj(3cts which, it occurs to me, might be very
properly considered by the Committee on Finance
■—and it is also in regard to those laws which
create sources of revenue, which regulate the modes
of raising revenue; and the provisions which go
to protect the order, peace, and quiet of those ter-
utories are absolutely necessary to the execution
of these revenue laws which it is proposed to ex-
tend thither. In vain may you extend the land
laws, in vain may you extend the laws in relation
to the collection of imposts upon foreign importa-
tions, if you leave your revenue officers to be
robbed with impunity. If you suffer disorganiza-
tion, tumult, and crime to stalk abroad over the
land, you caynot enforce these laws which my
amendment proposes to extend there.
I therefore simply wish to call the attention of
the Senate to this distinction: The amendment to
the amendment proposes to create a government
in those Territories, while my amendment pro-
poses simply to extend to those Territories those
laws whicn relate to our relations with them, and
which, in a financial point of view, it is necessary
to extend to them. I must, therefore, protest
against the idea that, if'the Senate decide that
the amendment to the amendment be out of order,
that decision shall carry my amendment with it,
and declare it also out of order. As I look upon
the matter, there is a very wide distinction. It
would be very proper if the subject-matter of the
amendment had been considered by the Commit-
tee on Fjn&nce, and been suffered to be incorpo-
rated into the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government,
but it would not be proper for them to consider
matters establishing a government in detail in either
of those Territories; and I hope this distinction
will be borne in mind.
,Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I would like
to know the precise question of order.
PRESIDING OFFICER. There are two ap-
peals now before the Senate. The first is an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, that the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] has the right
to withdraw a point of order pending an appeal.
The other is an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, declaring the amendment offei ed by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] in order.
Mr. BADGER. 1 move to lay the last appeal
upon the tabic.
Mr. TURNEY. Mr. President, I desire to
. know what will be the effect of laying the appeal
; upon the table?
! PRESIDING OFFICER. The effect will be
' that the decision of the Chair stands as the judg-
; ment of the Senate.
| Mr. TURNEY. Then I shall vote against it.
The question being taken on the motion to lay
' the appeal on the table, on division, the vote stood
1 ayes 22, noes 14. So the motion was agreed to.
i Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I now move to
lay the first appeal on the table.
The motion was figreed to.
Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, I believe that
the matter before us is now on the original prop-
osition of the Senator from Tennessee. We now
understand that the Senator from Tennessee has
the legitimate parliamentary right to be heard upon-
this question on this bill. The question with the
Senate will be, therefore, whether, it be better to
hear him upon this bill, or first to'dispose of it,.,
and then, with the unanimous consent of the body*
agree to take up the proposition which he has
offered, or take up the California bill—or 1 care not
what. We can then, after hearing the Senator
from Tennessee, dispose of the question, or go on
and debate it. If the Senator from Tennessee be
in favor of manufacturing a State or any number
of States out of our newly-acquired territory,. I
shall be very happy to hear him express his views,
and give his reasons for their manufacture. But I
mm opposed to such a measure in toto, and, if it.
should become a matter of general debate, it will
give me great pleasure to state the why and the
wherefore.
I must say, Mr. President, that it seems to me
that a proper regard for the conduct of business,
and the necessity of getting thVough with this civil
and diplomatic bill, would dictate that it would be
better, with the general assent of the Senate, to go
on and dispose of that bill, with the general under-
standing that when it shall be disposed of we will
take up the subject-matter upon which the Senator
from Tennessee wishes to be heard. I think this
suggestion must meet with the approbation of the
Senate.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I am willing to
meet the wishes of the Senate in almost any form
except that of depriving myself and other honor-
able Senators of the privilege of expressing our
views, or at least of voting, on some of these prop-
ositions. Sir, I consider that I would be doing
the greatest injustice to myself to take any course,
on any occasion,in opposition to the general wishes
of the Senate.
One word by way of explanation. If the same
courtesy had been yielded to me on this occasion
which is usually yielded to every gentleman who
thinks proper to express his views at large, even
sometimes upon propositions not yet before the
Senate, I could have made my speech, or submitted
the few remarks which I intended to make, upon
the proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin.-
And what was my policy in bringing forward my
amendment? It was brought forward merely as
a declaration, in the simplest form, of the views
which, as an individual, I entertain upon this ques-
tion—and as an intimation that, in order that I
might deal candidly with the Senate, I would con-
fine myself to the specific proposition before it 
and ground my remarks upon that proposition.
I know «that, under the circumstances, I am
liable to have imputed to me a course designed to
I obstruct the business of the Senate; but were half
j the courtesy and latitude allowed to me which are
• allowed to every honorable gentleman, I could say
.every word I desire to say without offering my
amendment. Every gentleman must see that that
is the case.
The honorable Senator from Alabama [Mr.
King] is a gentleman of great experience and great
accu'racy upon these questions of parliamentary
law and parliamentary rule. He says that I have
mistaken the course which should be pursued; that
| I have not consulted the convenience of the Sen-
I ate, or the dispatch of business, or the prospect
| of succeeding in my proposition. Now, sir, with
regard to the convenience of the Senate. What is
it? Do they mean to have a discussion upon this
subject at all during this session ? if they do, it
matters not as to the time when that discussion
shall take place. It can be just as well'discu3sed
in connection with one bill as another. This is a
proposition to amend the amendment of the-Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker;] and I want
my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Foote] to listen
to my reasons and arguments, and not condemn
me unheard.
Mr. ICING. If the Senator will allow me, I did
not say that he was influenced by improper mo-
tives in bringing forward his amendment at this
time.
Mr. BELL. Not at all. The honorable Senator
only said that I had mistaken the true course.
And now with regard to the dispatch of public
business. I-have thought that honorable Senators
—I may have done them injustice—would not
care if this civil and diplomatic bill were to overlie
