m
fill CONGRESSIONAL globe.
Feb. 20,
rassing situation in which I am placed. I there-
fore await the decision of the Senate, as to whether
I shall proceed at the present time or not.
Mr. DOWNS. There are some other small
amendments _to this bill which wouW probably just
about consume the remaining portion of the time
©f the Senate to-day, and it is also very desirable
that the amendment proposed by the Senatorfrom
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker,] as modified by the
Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bkll,} should be
printed for the  se of the Senate; I inquire then if
*t would not be an accommodation to all parties
that the consideration of this*particular amend-
ment be postponed, and that we proceed with the
consideration of the other amendments proposed,
as we doubtless can get through with them to-
day ?
Several Senators, (addressing Mr. Bell from
their seals.) Go on, go on.
Mr. BELL then resumed his remarks, and con-
tinued until near five o'clock; when—
Mr. YULEE interposed, and said, as in is now
getting very late, I would ask the Senator to give
way to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. BELL Certainly, sir, if the Senate desires
an adjournment.*
Mr. YULEE then moved an adjournment; but
withdrew it at the request of Mr. 0AViS7 of Mis-
sissippi, who wished to make a personal explana-
tion.
, Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi. Mr. President,, I
have a small debt which I wish to pay before the
sun goes down, affecting the reputation of that
distinguished scholar and gentleman, the Superin-
tendent of the National Observatory. 1 am made
to say, in the report of the "Intelligencer" of this
day, that "the appropriation for the suppoit of
the Observatory last year was $138,000." This
is a mistake of §100,000. I said §38,000, and 1 j
find myself so reported in the Union. Thirty-five j
thousand dollars were for the Observatory, and ;
three thousand dollars for the superintendent.
I am also made to say that "the astronomical j
discoveries it (the Observatory) has made, I refrain j
from alluding to, for fear of having to bring for- |
ward anew to the country the ridiculous mistake
made by it." What I did say in relation to that
point was, "that I knew of no astronomical dis-
covery which had been made by it;" and then
added, " I forbear from alluding to a ludicrous
•mistake," &e. That mistake arose from the cir-
cumstance, that owing to refraction in the glass
producing the prismatic division .of color, they
supposed that the star under observation was
tripled. The refraction was mistaken for the tri-
plicity of the star. This mistake was made by
the superintendent shortly after he entered upon
the duties of his office, and while he was young
in the service. It was a mistake into which an
old and competent observer fell also, and there-
fore no reflection should attach to the superin- j
tendent. And I will here state explicitly, that j
'it is not my purpose to injure the scientific repu- !
tation of this distinguished officer. I would much j
rather add to than detract from the reputation of i
any man of science, and especially of one so justly j
distinguished as the Superintendent of the National ;
Observatory.
I have been informed of, and will take this oppor- j
tunity to mention two importantobservation3 which i
have been made at the National Observatory. One |
of these I had heard of before, but had forgotten. \
The other I shall never forget. It was an observ-
ation upon a point of the orbit of the planet Nep-
tune. By connecting that observation with the
previous observation of Lelande,in 1791, the whole
orbit of the planet has been determined. I am also
informed that at our National Observatory was
first discovered the fact that the comet Beilas had,
by a sort of volcanic eruption, separated into two
parts, and constituted, subsequently, two new
comets.
But my whole purpose in addressing the Senate
was to correct the first great error in the report,and
the reflection, which was made more pointed than I
intended it should be. With the explanation which
1 have given, I will, at the same time, say that
the present Superintendent of the Observatory was
not the point of my attack—the point of attack be-
ing the Observatory as arrayed against the coast
survey. I take great pleasure m seeing the prog-
*The Speech of Mr. Bell will be published In the Ap-
pendix.
ress of science in any and all branches of the
Government, and in the National Observatory as
well as everywhere else, and I am always ready
not only to bear testimony to the high merits of
its distinguished superintendent, but to give him
dufc credit for whatever discoveries he may bring
in the boundless fields of science, and for all the
additions he may*make to the common stock of
knowledge.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, February 20, 1849.
Pursuant to the order of the House yesterday
adopted, the House met this morning at eleven
o'clock.
The Journal of yesterday having been read—
Mr. MANN rose, he said, to a correction. His
name was omitted in the list of yeas and nays on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.] He (Mr. M.) voted in the affirmative
on that amendment.
The Journal was ordered to be corrected ac-
cordingly.
Mr. GOGGIN also moved so to correct the Jour-
nal as to conform to the fact, that a resolution he
had yesterday offered was laid over for debate—
not that it had not been received.
The Journal was ordered to be corrected ac-
cordingly.
And then the Journal was approved.
Mr. BOWDEN, on leave given, presented peti-
tions from citizens of Cherokee county, Alabama;
which were referred to a selcct committee com-
posed of the delegation in the House of Represent-
atives from Alabama.
Mr. WENTWORTH called for the regular
orders of the day. it had been some time, he said,
since the committees had been called for reports.
CONSULS AND VICE-CONSULS.
Mr. H1LLIARD asked and obtained leave to
offer the following resolution, which was adopted:
Resolced, That the Piesident of the United States be re-
quested to cauj?e to be communicated to tins House—
ls.t. 4Jl list of all confute, vice-consuls, and commercial
agent?, now m the service of the United States, together
with the country and particular port or place at winch they
reside, distinguishing such as are citizens of the United
States and such as are not.
2d. Whether all the consuls, vice-con?n!s, and commer-
cial agents aforesaid have made regular returns of the fees
and perquisites which they have teeeived, and of the ton-
nage and commerce ofthc United States within iheir respect-
ive consulates or agencies, according to the instructions of
the Secretary of State
3d. The amountof fees and perquisites which each consul,
vice-consul, and commercial agent has received during the
years 1S-H, 1845, 1846,1847, and 1848, as far as returns have
been received.
4th. The number of vessels and the amount of tonnage of
the United States winch entered and cleared within each
 of (he coriMilntes and agencies aforesaid,during the years
1844, 1845,1£4(5,1847, anil 1848, as soon as returns have been
received, and aKo the number of seamen belonging to the
United tSiates that iiave been provided loi and sent home
from each of the said consulates during the time aforesaid.
Mr. WENTWORTH insisted on the orders of
the day.
The SPEAKER thereupon proceeded to call the
committees for reports.
CONNECTION OFTHE ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC
r OCEANS.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
select committee to whom was referred the joint
resolution to authorize the survey of certain routes
for a canal or railroad between the Atlantic and
Pacific Oceans; also, the memorial of the General
Assembly of the State of Arkansas for the estab-
lishment of a national road from the western fron-
tier of Arkansas to California; also, the petition of
George Wilkes, in relation to the construction of a
railroad to the Pacific Ocean, reported the said joint
resolution back to the House with an amendment,
'together with the memorial and petition, accompa-
nied by a report in writing.
Ordered, That the said joint resolution and amendment
be committed to a Committee of the Whole House on the
state ot the Union, and piinted.
On motion of Mr. ROCKWELL,
Ordered, That the Committee on Printing inquire into the
expediency of printing an extra number of copies of said
report; and that the Committee on Engraung inquire into
the expediency of engraving the maps attached to the repoit.
GOLD COINS. i
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to whom was referred the bill to au-
thorize the coinage of one-dollar gold pieces at
the mint of the United States and its branches,
J reported the same back to the House, with the
j "following amendment, viz:
j Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill, and
insert: That it shall lie lawful henceforward to make at the
mint and its branches iwmj-doHar gold coins ot the weight
of five hundred and sixteen grams, and goid dollar coins of
the weight of twenty-five plains and eight-tenths, which
coins shall he legal tenders ot payment according to their
nominal values.
Sec. 2. And be it further emitted, That the above men-
tioned coins shall be made, in all respects, in conformity
with the existing laws regulating ti>e coinage at the mints,
except that on the reverse of the gold dollar the figure of
the eagle shall he omitted.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That in adja&ttng the
weights t>f gold coins henceforward, the following devia-
tions from the standard weight shall he not exceeded jn any
of the single pieces, nawfely, in the doable eagle, the eagle,
and half eagle, one-half of a gram, and in the quarter eagle
and gold dollar one quarter ot a grain ; and that in weighing:
a large number of pieces* together, when delivered fiom tho
chicf coiner to the*trea« rcr, and from the treasurer to the
depositors, the deviations from the standard weight shall
not exceed three pennyweights in one thousand double
eagles, and one. and a half pennyweights in one thousand
half eagles, one ptnnywsight in one thousand qyarte?
cables, and one-half of a pennyweight in one thousand gold
dollars.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That so much of this
act as regards the coinage ot twenty-dollar and one-dollar
gold pieces, shall continue in force nntrt the foaith day of
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, and no longer.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. ASHMUN asked for the reading of the
bill; which having been read—
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL objected to its beipg
put on its passage at this time.
The SPEAKER said the bill was regularly In
order at this time. The question was fiist on the
amendment, and then on the engrossment of the
bill.
Mr. McKAY said, that as the bill did not re-
quire commitment, he hoped it would be the pleas-
ure of the House to order it now to be engrossed
and pift on its passage.
In reply to an inquiry of Mr. EYANS, of Ma-
ryland—
Mr. McKAY said that the weight of the coin
had been made to correspond with the- weights
fixed by the act of 1837.
Mr. McK. then proceeded to remark, that the
bill, as originally introduced, simply authorized
the coinage of one-dollar gold pieces. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of this House, to whom
the bill had been committed, having determined
also to authorize the coinage of double eagles, or
twenty-dollar pieces, it became necessary to change
the form of the bill. Hence the substitute was
reported. The provisions of the bill were all sim-
ple. It simply authorized the coinage of these
two pieces. It fixed the weights so as to corre-
spond with the weights of the present coin, aijd
required that the pieces should be made in con-
formity to the lav/ applicable to existing coin.
The third section had been introduced at the
suggestion of the Director of the Mint, it re-
ferred to what were called " remedies" in the act
of 1837. He (Mr. McK.) would read an extract
from a letter of the Director on this subject.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL inquired of the Speaker
if the bill was now before the House for debate?
The SPEAKER said, Yes; and the question
was on its engrossment.
Mr. McKAY then read the following extract
from the letter referred to;
" In the proposed bill which I send to you, I have intro-
duced a provision tor what are technically called the reme-
dies m the standard weights of the gold coins. It differs
fiom the piovi^on m the 25th section of the mint act of
1837, by being extended to the proposed new com4-, and
by increasing the vaiiation allowed for the eagle and half
eagle, trom a quarter ot a gram to half a giain. Our expe-
rience has shown that the former hmit is too small for prac-
tical adiusting. As the limit now proposed is itself very
small, I hope that no objection will he made to its adoption.
Fou will see ihat the na/row allowance of variation trom
standard weight in the delivery of targe numbeis of coins,
puts it out of the power ot the officers to take advantage of
the allowance on single pieces." .
These (Mr. McK. proceeded to remark) were
all the provisions of the bill. He would say nothing
of the advantages to the country which would re-
sult from the adoption of this measure, nor would
he anticipate .any ob^tion to its passage. He
was aware that objec^ns had been urged against
it. It had been said that one-dollar pieces were too
small; that they would be paid away in the^dark
for five-cent pieces. He had some of the samples
in his possession. Any gentleman upon seeing
them would be satisfied that there was not much
weight in that objection.
Another objection which had been urged against*
the one-dollar piece was, that it would be easily
