1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOlfi.
counterfeited; and another, that being on a large
surface, larger than other coin, it would be subject
to greater waste.
But there were two considerations which would
have weight with the House in deciding upon the
passage of the bill. By the act of 1837, the officers
of the mint were required to deliver to depositors
such coin as they might require; and if this one-
dollar gold piece was not acceptable to the country,
inasmuch as a large portion of the bullion coined
at the mint was deposited there by individuals,
they never would ask for that kind of coin.
Another consideration was, that by the last sec-
tion of the bill the duration of the act was limited
to the 4th of March, 1852—a period of two years.
If the experiment was not successful, the act would
expire by its own limitation. But if the country !|
should be satisfied with the way in which it j|
worked, it would then, of course, be the pleasure
ofCongress to continue if in force for a longer time. ;j
He would, if it met the pleasure of the House, call ;i
"the previous question. ;|
Mr J. R. INGERSOLL hoped not, he said.
Mr.'HUDSON appealed to Mr. McKay to with- ; j
draw his motion.
Mr. McKAY did so. . .
* Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said, the project of com-
in<* gold dollars was suggested several years ago. :
it met with little favor then. It has been cherished 1
and nursed long enough to acquire a growth, one j
would suppose, much greater than its present glit- ,
terin" appearance would demonstrate. It owes its
present magnitude and favor to the efforts of the |
gentleman from North Carolina who has brooded j
over it so long. The opinion of the very intelligent ;
director of the mint is probably extorted by some I
new-born belief engendered by the fear that m
some Shape or other the thing; will be produced, |
however abortive may be its birth. Certain it is, .
that he was heretofore warmly opposed to the j
whole scheme. This fact is as well known to the |
advocate of it as to myself. We were joint recip-
ients of his objections when I had the pleasure to
serve on the same committee with the gentleman.
To what have his objections given way? The
measure is placed before us with little explanation
and no argument, and the House is to guess, as
well as it can, at reasons in its behalf.
Public sentiment is often properly a guide to
legislative action. It forms a powerful ingredient
in the estimate of motives for sustaining or oppo-
sing public measures. None has been referred to
" or is supposed to be in existence on the present
subject. It has been left essentially to its work-
ings in the dark, and as gold is the universal mas-
ter and now occupies universal attention, it seems
to be potential even in its utmost diminutiveness.
Does any precedent or example justify the in-
troduction of it? Look over the civilized world,
and while you find nothing of the sort among those
nations which have preserved their influence and
continued most to advance in civilization and intel-
ligence, Spain, in her disturbed and agitated con-
dition which has seldom experienced during the
course of centuries a tranquil interval, has pos-
sessed and to a certain extent employed this toy
for a coin. Even there it is believed to be to era-
ted rather than approved: maintained in actual ex-
istence, but only nominal use by Castihan pride,
which delights in the customs of a renowned an-
cestrv and with them sometimes in the mistaken j
practices of a less heroic age. Perhaps -that an- ;
cient monarchy owes its present difficulties to the .
multiplication and diffusion of its gold. It has |
been a tempter to the humble and the great. It
has dazzled and blinded the eyes of the nation and
the subject, the sovereign and the people. Clearer
and more authentic proof is requireu of the benefit
of multiplied denominations of com than this sin-
gle and unsatisfactory example affords. _
If neither piecedent nor public sentiment justi-
fies the innovation; if experience be against it, and
argument wanting in its favor why shall we run
wildly into what is admitted to be an experiment,
now, for the first time, hurried into the halls of re-
publican legislation? Since the formation of the
"Government, no want has been-experienced of this
newly-ima?ined coin. A system of coinage was
adopted long ago without it, and it has continued
to work well. All the purposes of business, of
travel, of everything substantially useful in them-
tereourse of society, have been attained by things
as they are. Let us not, from mere caprice, adopt
'a change.
The denomination of a dollar is not very useful
in practice at the best. Between the half dollar
and the quarter eagle, the interval is not so great
as to require to be stopped and filled. A. little
piece of precious metal, scarcely perceptible to the
eye or touch, may be a plaything for the idle, a
counter for the card table—perhaps a light addi-
tion. to a lady's purse in her morning's shopping,
or a medium of fraud upon the post office'laws, by
lurking concealed under the seal of a letter. Be-
yontkthese fanciful purposes, it has none. Grave
legislation will be strangely employed m an effort
to encourage and promote them.
It is not to be learned, at this time of day, that
efforts have been tnade, in high places, to multiply
American coins, although the recommendation,
thus far, has been confined to existing kinds of
currency. The proposition comes with all the in-
fluence and weight of the Treasury Department,
backed by the sovereign sway of the Executive
himself. Let that influence prevail, if it be wise.
I Even in that shape, it is pernicious; and doubly
'< so in the proposal to multiply, without end, de-
nominations, as well as pieces of gold and silver.
! The precious metals find their level, wherever they
: are wanted, as readily as water; both are influenced
; by irresistible impulses, and both-are governed by
; irrefragable rules. This year large importations
, may be made of specie; next year the exportations
^ become correspondingly large. You cannot pro-
i mote or prevent them by throwing streams of
: particular coinage into the market, any more than
1 you can arrest water in its obedience to the laws
! of nature by tincturing it with saffron. Both will
'■ flow on as they ought, and as necessity requires.
'' Bullionists prefer to keep ingots of gold ready
for coinage duly assayed. These can be conve-
niently transported to regions where the state of
exchanges requires specie in bars or masses of gold
and silver. They arc there coined, without any
expense to the owner, at the proper mint, and come
into use without loss to any one. If, on the other
hand, an excess of coinage be resorted to at a par-
ticular moment, and the laws of trade call for its
exportation, as in due season they inevitaoly must,
the owner loses exactly the difference between the
intrinsic value and the imaginary difference arising ,
from supposed superiority of credit which one ,
government possesses over another, besides, by j
law foreign coins are receivable as a legal tender
anion" ourselves. Silver and gold are the currency
of the'Constitution, however stamped and wherever
coined. Foreign money is in great variety, and
i it is now introduced by numerous emigrants con-
' stantly arriving on our hospitaole shores. With-
i out any formal effort of importation, you may make
i your contemplated experiment by the coins spon-
! taneously poured into your lap. If, among the
i numerous arrivals of heads of existing or departed
i sovereigns in the pockets of their fleeing suojects,
| seeding a refuge in this refuge land, a little piece of
precious metal can, with the utmost scrutiny, be
found rivaling in weight and size the gold dollar
of this bill, let the experiment be made on foreign
materials, and not on our own. ^
Have the friends of this little com ascertained
the expense that would attend the preparation for
a brief experiment ? It is said that the Philakelpma
mint can make the machinery that may be re-
quired. It is the happy organization of that estab-
lishment, that it makes within its own walls the
machinery which it employs. Its work is noise-
lessly and successfully performed. It does its quiet
'duty well, and it is able to do much more than the
calls of the country require. But dies must be made, I
and new machines to some extent must be pre- j
pared. These expenses, thougn not large, will
render a measure which at best is perfectly use- ;
less, pernicious too. 1
It seems great coins are to be issued as well as ;
small ones/If eagles' wings are to be clipped dowif",
to a standard so small that they will tail to perform ,
their office from their insignificence, they are, as I
! the bill proposes, to be doubled into a ponderous >
! and unparalleled size. Bad as the increase of
, metal is, it is not half so bad as its wasteful dimi- ,
i nution. We have dollars of silver. It is idle to
| have dollars of gold. Is it intended to carry the
i experiment still further, and duplica e iill the <e-
1 nominations of .coin? Make gold halfJollais,
gold quarter dollars, gold dimes, and gold half
dimes, and you have enough; but may it 'ead
to making silver quarter eagles, stlvei half eagles,
and silver eagles ? Ponderous coinage once exist-
ed among "a simple'"and a w'arfike people.^ -If
to be introduced again, iron or tobacco will aS
11 well as gold. -
11 An experiment so unnecessary surely should not
I, be made at a moment like this. Gold is iiireatened
1 with such plethora as to lose its comparative value,
i Should the little dollar become less valuable than
j the silver dollar, or even should it approach, rie&refr
1 than the present state of the precious metal^ per-
mits, the experiment will become doubly vain-.
The whole plan is bad, though it may succeed
here, if it should, I venture to prophesy that a
business community through the country will not
applaud the-precipitancy of the passage of the bill,
or the imperfect principles upon which it must be
sustained.
Mr. HUDSON said he was not disposed to de-
tain the House any length of time on this subject;
i but being one of the committee who had reported
this bill, and one of the minority of the committee
■ on the question, he wished to state to the House,
in a very few words, his objections to its passage.
! His first objection, then, was, that there was. nb
demand that he was aware of for any such coins
■ as were here proposed. On the contrary, the Di-
; rector of the Mint himself declared, in a letter—a
-Dart of which only had been read—that there was
' no utility in the §20 gold coins; that they were
not desired; that they would contribute to no in-
terest whatever. These were the objections to the
pi) coin.
What were the advantages of the dollar com?
He (Mr. H.) admitted that in the abstract there
1 might be some advantage in the dollar coin. But
' there were very serious objections to such a coin.
In the first place, the coin would be so small that
it might very naturally and very easily be passed
off in the evening for a half dime. The dollar
coin, which was submitted to the committee from
the mint, was just about the size of the half dime.
The Director of the Mint had also furmshe'd them
with a genuine dollar coin and with a counterfeit
dollar coin; and the committee were not able,
themselves, to detect the difference—they were
not able to distinguish the one from the other.
Mr. NICOLI. 'inquired, whether, when the com-
mittee examined the spurious and the real coin, a
majority of them did not succeed in detecting the
difference?
Mr. HUDSON replied, that he was about to
state the result of that experiment by the com-
■ mittee. These pieces were put into the hands of
the members of the committee, and they were told
that the one was spurious coin and the other gen-
uine. They were thus put upon their guard in
advance; they weighed and measured, and exam-
' ined as well as they could; and, he believed, a
' majority of the committee, being apprised m ad-
1 vance that one was spurious and the other gen-
: uine, did with some hesitancy detect the spurious.
I But he believed his friend from New York, how-
, ever and himself, were of the minority of the
committee. [A laugh.] He believed that they
i were unable—that their sense of feeling was not
1 sufficiently acute to detect by the weight (the orily
: test to which they could subject them) the differ-
1 ence between the genuine and the spurious coins.
Mr. VINTON slated,,in explanation, that he
i believed he was of the majority of the committee;
' but he was peifectly satisfied that if the spurious
piece had been given him by itself, he could never
1 have detected it.
i Mr. HUDSON said he believed, too, that it was
: admitted by gentlemen who were able to detect the
: spurious coin, that if only one of these pieces had
been put into their hands, and they had been asked
whether it was spurious or genuine, they would
have been unable to determine.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (the floor having
been yielded for explanation,) said he wished to
inquire of the gentleman from Massachusetts if he,
or anybody else, could tell the difference in the
dark bv feeling, between a hundred dollar bill and
a shi'nploster of one dollar; either by size, touch
or in any other way except by sight? And he
asked the gentleman further, if there were not as
many persons in this House, and throughout the
country, who could distinguish between the genu-
i ine gold coin and a counterfeit, as there were who
1 could deteimine between a genuine bank note ana
a counteifeit ? Every argument, it seemed to him,
which had been urged to these gold toms, applied
! with ten-fold force to bank bills.
Mr. HUDSON interposed, a,id said he had
