588
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
yielded the iloor/or explanation, but not for an
argument.
The gentleman's whole argument (he s&id) went
on the ground that the only test to which the com-
mittee had put these pieces was that of feeling.
They had not shut their eyes, but they all.adihitted
that there was nothing in the external appearance
of the genuine and the spurious coins which would
enable them to distinguish between them. It was
only "by the relative weight.
Mr. JONES inquired if the same objection did
not apply with equal force to the eagle, the half-
eagle, and the quarter-eagle ?
Mr. HUDSON replied, if the gold dollar did
not so dazzle the gentleman's eyes that he could
not remain quietly in his seat without interrupting
him, (Mr. H.) he should before tigs have.come
to that point. The difference in one respect be-
tween the genuine and the spurious eagle, half
eagle, and quarter eagle, was little; but the differ-
ence in another respect (in the weight) was very
considerable. There might be many grains differ-
ence between the weight of a spurious and a gen-
uine coin of a large size, as a ten-dollar coin, but
when they took a small coin about the size of a
five-cent piece, he ventured to say that his friend
would find himself in a very serious dilemma when
he was asked to detect by weight the difference
between the two pieces.
The dollar coins, he repeated, would be about
the size of a five-cent piece; in the night this would
be very likely to be passed off for a five-cent piece;
they would be so small that they might be lost in
the pocket much more readily than large coins;
and he believed these pieces might be counterfeited
much more easily than the shinplasters to which
the gentleman from Tennessee alluded, and which
might be common in the gentleman's section of
country, but of which they had none in his (Mr.
H. 's) section.
. He believed that of the people of the community
—those among whom the paper and the silvei dol-
lar circulated—there were ten persons who would
detect a counterfeitone-dollar bill, to one who would
detect the counterfeit of a gold dollar. There were
more who were expert in judging of hand-writing,
of signatures, than there were who were sufficiently
acquainted with the properties of different metals to
detect the gold from the spurious coin.
He believed that in no respect was there an ad-
vantage to be derived from this new dollar coin.
On the contrary, there were many objections to it.
He believed it would open the door to counterfeit-
ing and to imposition, and that, instead of con-
ferring any benefit upon the community, it would
be an absolute injury.
Mr. NICOLL'said he did not intend to take up
the time of the House in discussing this question,
but only to say, in reply to the argument of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, as far as he heard
it, that eveiy objection which the gentleman had
raised to ihe propriety of the coin which they now
proposed would apply with equal force to paper
money. No doubt that everything of this kind
could be abused; no doubt that human skill would
be unable to prevent the fraudulent persons of this
world from counterfeiting paper money or gold
coin. He believed this argument was greatly ex-
aggerated. He believed the wants of the country
required that we should have a coin like that
which was now proposed.
He referred to a position taken by Mr. Inger-
soll, as maintaining the superiority of bullion,
and the inutility of having coin, and said the argu-
ment would apply with equal force against all coin,
and would, when carried out, go to the exclusion of
coin and to the use of a paper currency based upon
bullion.
Mr. .T. R. INGERSOLL explained that he had
not taken this position.
Mr. NICOLL accepted the correction, and (con-
tinuing) said he went for multiplying this coin.
In the progress of years great changes had come
over the minds of the people in regard to the cur-
rency of the country. Small notes were gradually
-disappearing, and in many of our States paper
currency was uone away with entirely. It was
for these communities that this bill would operate
' beneficially. He was willing to suppose that there
was sufficient discrimination among them.to dis-
tinguish between gold and spurious coin, and that
with equal or greater readiness than they could I
detect counterfeits of notes issued by distant cor- j
porations. I
They were bound by every consideration, in his
judgment, to pass this bill; and believing that the
time of the House was too precious to be wasted
in discussion, he moved the previous question.
[Cries of " That's right;" " hold on."]
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, appealed to the
gentleman to withdraw the previous question for a
few moments.
Mr. NICOLL (under a general manifestation of
a contrary desire on the part of the House) ad-
hered to his demand for the previous question.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, moved to
lay the bill on the table.
Mr. PETTiT and several other gentlemen asked
the yeas and nays on this motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted, yeas 37, nays 127—as follows:
YEA*—Messrs. Belcher, Cabell, Coilamer, Cianston,
Eckcrt, Edwards, Nathan Evans, Gavle, Gnmiell, Hale,
Nathan K. Hall, Henry, Hilliard. Elias 13. Holmes, Hubbard,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, Daniel P. King, William T. Lawrence,
Levin, Horace Alarm, Marsh, Nelson, Outlaw, Putnam,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Rumsev, Schenck,
Silvester, Caleb B. Smith, Tinman Smith, Stephens, Tay-
lor, K. VV. Thompson, Van Dyke, Vinton, and White—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Abliott, Ashmun, Atkinson, Barringer,
Beale, Bingham, Birdsall, Blackmar,Bocock, Kotts, Bovvdon,
Bowhn, Bridges, Brodhead, Charles Brown, Albert G.
Brown, Buckner, Burt. Canby, Cathcart, Chapman, Chase,
Clapp, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. Clarke,Chngman, How-
ell Cobb, Williamson R. VV. Cobb, Cocke, Collins, Conger,
Crozier, Darling, Dickey, Dixon, Garnett Duncan, Edsall,
Alexander Evans, Faran, Farrclly, Featherston, Ficklin,
Flournoy, French, Fries, Fulton, Gaines, Gentry, Giddings,
Goggin,Gott, Greene, Greeley, Willard P. Hall, Hammohs,
Moses Hampton, Haralson, Harmanson, Harris, Henley,
Hill, George S. Houston, Hudson, Tnge, Trvin, George W.
Jones, Kaufman, Kellogg,Kennon, Lahm, La S6re, Sidney
Lawrence, Leffler, Ligon, Lincoln, Lord, Lumpkin, Lynde,
McDowcll, Mcllvaine, McKay, McQueen, Job Mann, Mil-
ler, Morcbead, Morris, Morse, Ne=, Newell, Nicoll, PaltVey,
Peasiee, Peck, PeEiie, Petlit, Phelps, 1'il-lmry, Pollock,
Preston, Reynolds, Robinson, Rockhill, Root, St. John,
Sawyer, Sheppeid, Slmgcrland, Smart, Btanton, Stark-
weather, Strohm, Stiong, Thibodeaux, Thomas, James
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, John B. Thompson, William
Thompson, Tompkins. Turner, Venablo, Wallace, Warren,
Wentwortli, Wick, Wiley, and Williams—137.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK asked the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Nicoll] to withdraw the demand
to enable him (Mr. S.) to offer an amendment.
Mr. NICOLL persisted in his motion.
The question was then taken thereon, and the
vote stood-: Ayes 110, noes not counted.
So there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken; which main question was first on the
amendment, and then on ordering the bill to be
engrossed for a third reading.
S'Ir. SCHENCK called for the reading of the
amendment; which was read.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, called for the read-
ing of the bill; which also was read.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote, and moved that that motion be laid on the
table.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL objected to the third
reading until the bill had been engrossed.
The SPEAKER said the bill, as amended, had
already been engrossed, it was, therefore, in the
power of the House to put it on its third reading.
The bill was then read a third time; and the
question being on its passage—
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question;
which was seconded.
The main question was ordered, and being
taken, the bill was 'passed.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote, and that that motion be laid on
"the table.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, the title of the bill
was so amended as to include twenty-dollar pieces,
&c.
RESOLUTIONS OF NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the "Whole on the state of
the Union, but waived the motion at the request
of—
Mr. CLINGMAN, and on his pledge of re-
newal
Mr. C., on leave given, presented certain joint
resolutions of the Legislature of North Carolina
on the subject of slavery; which, on his motion,
were laid oil the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. then renewed the motion of Mr. Vin-
ton.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired of
the Chair whether, if that motion should not pre-
vail, it would be in order to move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER was understood to reply in the
affirmative.
Mr. ROCKWELL gave notice, that if the mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union should not prevail, he would
submit the motion he had indicated.
Mr. SCHENCK requested Mr. Cjlingman to
waive the motion, to allow him (Mr. S.) to re-
port a bill in which four ladies, and nobody else,
were concerned. He had desired to make the
report for several days; and appealed to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Chngman,]
whose gallantry no one would question, to allow
him to do so.
Mr. CLINGMAN said he could not withdraw
the motion, except with the consent of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Vinton.] He (Mr. C.) did
not understand that gentleman as acquiescing.
The question was then taken, and by ayes 54,
noes 64, was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, to whom was referred the bill to reg-
ulate the mileage of members and delegates to
Congress, and for other purposes, reported the
same tftck to the House with an amendment.
The amendment having been read—
Mr. McKAY said the bill did not require com-
mitment. He would ask that it might be read.
The bill having been read—
Mr. McKAY said that this subject of the mileage
of members had already taken up a good deal of the
time of the House during the present session. He
was not disposed to waste airy more time in rela-
tion to it. For the last sixteen or seventeen years
it had been brought, at every Congress, to the
consideration of the House, and had always pro-
duced much excitement. This matter of "mileage
was, however, of more importance than some gen-
tlemen on this floor seemed to consider. There
was every year paid out of the treasury, for trav-
eling expenses of the officers of various branches
of the public service, between four and five hun-
dred thousand dollars. 'At this session there had
been appropriated §175,000 for the mileage of mem-
bers and delegates; §75,000 for the mileage of
military officers; $50,000 or $60,000 was annually
expended out of the contingent appropriations of
the navy; and for all officers of the civil service,
something like $75,000 or $100,000 more was ap-
propriated; making, together, the aggregate he had
named.
There was a difference of practice in relation to
the mileage allowed to these different officers.
The officers of the War Department were allowed
mileage according to the shortest mail route. The
mileage of officers of the navy was computed by
a different rule; they had the benefit of the Con-
gressional rule—that was to say, the usually trav-
eled route.
Mr. ASHMUN interposed. He rose, he said,
to a privileged question. He moved that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER said, that one hour having
been given to reports, the motion was in order.
And the question was taken, and by ayes 80,
noes 53, was decided in the affirmative.
So the House proceeded to the consideration of
the business on the Speaker's table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAlCER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communications:
I. A letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the resolutions of the
House of February 16, 1843, and June 14, 1848,
a transcript of the army list, showing the amounts
received by each officer during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1847; which letter and accompanying
