170
THte GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
He begged pardon, but would now give notice
that on Thursday, by the new rule, the calendar
would come up, and that he would then move to
go into committee upon it, and that he now pro-
tested against the system pursued by gentlemen
who objected, whilst they were wholly uninformed
upon the subject-matter.
After some conversation—
Mr. GR1NNELL moved the previous question;
.which wasseconded. And themainquestion—being
first on referring the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—was ordered to
be now taken.
The House refused to commit the bill.
The amendment was adopted, and the bill was
then ordered *to be engrossed for aj^hird reading.
Mr. JOHNSON objected to the third reading,
but withdrew his objection, and the bill was then
read a third time and passed.
CHANGE OF COLLECTION DISTRICT.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill to transfer the towns of Vmal Haven,
North Haven, and Islesboro' from the collection
district of Penobscot to that of Belfast, in the State
of Maine, reported back from the Committee on
Commerce by Mr. Grinnell, on the 23d of June,
1848.
The question pending being on committing the
said bill to the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union—
Mr. WENTWORTH moved the previousques-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
ordered, viz: Shall the bill be committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union ? and being put, it was not agreed to.
The question recurred, Shall the bill be engrossed
and read the third time? and being put, it was
decided m the affirmative.
The third reading of the bill at this time was
objected to.
Mr. SMART moved that the vote be recon-
sidered by which the said bill was ordered to be
engrossed, and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table; which latter motion
wus agreed to.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill to grant preemption rights for certain islands
in the Great Miami river, reported back by Mr.
Collamer, from the Committee on Public Lands,
on the 23d June, 1848.
The pending question being upon the engross-
ment and third reading of the bill, and after debate
by Messrs. JOHNSON, FICKLIN, and COL-
LAMER—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that it be
laid upon the table;- which motion was not agreed
to.
Mr. JOHNSON then moved that the said bill
be committed to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER moved that the vote be re-
considered by which the said bill was committed
to the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union.
Mr. COLLAMER moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded, and the main question
ordered, viz: " Will the House reconsider the vote
by which the said bill was committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union ?"
And being put, it was decided in the affirmative.
The question recurred, "Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time?"
And being put, it was decided in the affirmative.
The third reading of the bill at this time was
objected to.
Mr. HILLTARD moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole House on tlie
state of the Union; which motion was not agreed
to.
SCHOOL LANDS IN MISSISSIPPI.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
bill granting a half section of land for the use of
schools within the fractional township 19 south, of
range 18 west, county of Lowndes, inj.be State of
Mississippi, reported by Mr. Evans, of Maryland,
from the Committee on Public Lands, on the 23d
of June, 1848'-
The question pending being upon the engross-
ment and third reading of the bill-
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved the previous
question, which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered, viz: Shall this bill be engrossed, and
read a third time ? And being put, it was decided
■in the affirmative.
And being engrossed, the said bill was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed, and sent to
the Senate for concurrence.
TREATIES OF EXTRADITION.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill giving full effect to treaties of extradition,
reported by Mr. Joseph R. Ingersoll, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, on the 23d of June,
1848.
The question pending being on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time—
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL moved that the said
bill be laid upon the table; which motion was
agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickens, the Secretary, stating the Senate
had passed sundry bills.
Mr HILL1ARD moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion, by ayes 68, noes 82, was rejected.
RETIRING LIST OF THE ARMY.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the bill of the House entitled "An act to increase
the efficiency of the regiments and corps of the
army, and to provide for disabled and infirm offi-
cers," which, on the 2d of July, 1848, had been
referred to the Committee of the whole House on
the state of the Union.
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the bill on the
table; but withdrew at the request of
Mr. BURT, who said he was very desirous that
the bill should be passed. It would be remembered
1 that^dunng the last session, when there was a very
great pressure of business upon the House, the
House had done him the kindness, and perhaps
the bill the justice, to take the bill from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it was not likely to be passed. He had
then said, that as the House had been so civil, he
would not press the passage of the bill, but would
content himself with having it take its place where
it now stood.
He begged to say to the House that the officers
of the army, with the Secretaries of War, for the
last twelve years, had deemed this a bill of very
great importance to the efficiency of the army of
the United States. It_sought, as the House would
perceive by its terms, to create a retired list of the
officers of the army. He had in his hand a report
of the Adjutant General of the Army, which showed
that a very large proportion of the colonels, lieu-
tenant colonels, and the majors of the army of the
United States, were, some by reason of their age,
and others by reason of disability aiising from
wounds received from the service, incapable of
commanding their regiments and battalion^. The
bill proposed that they should be placed upon a
retired list, with the pay proper belonging to
their rank, and that the next officers in command
should succeed to their rank, without the emolu-
ments belonging to the rank to which they suc-
ceeded. It wouid be seen that the compensation
thus provided for those officers who were proposed
to be retired from the service of the army would
afford them but a bare subsistence. He assured the
House, upon a full arid minute examination of this
whole subject, that the charge upon the treasury
of the United States would not be increased by this
arrangement. The bill so arranged the allowances
to these officers as to take from those who should
be retired upon the list all but their pay proper.
They would be cut off from very large allowances,
in the form of longevity rations.
It was known that there was a very large num-
ber of these officers. He begged to refer upon this
subject to information which had been communi-
cated to the House by the Adjutant General in
1846, when the House were called upon to pass a
law authonzing an additional major for each regi-
ment of the army of the United States, which was
allowed by Congress, and one additional major
was added to each.regiment.
He read from the report of the Adjutant Gen-
eral, showing that eight out of twelve of the field
officers of artillery, and one-third of the field officers
of infantry were in this condition, disabled from
taking their commands by age, or wounds received
in'the service, or otherwise.
He wished this Honseat this moment would pass
this bill. He wished at least that its me) its would
be considered by the House, and if it should be
found not to create an unnecessary charge upon
the treasury, if it should be found to contribute to
the efficiency of the army of the United States, he
trusted that every man who was in favor of econ^
omy and retrenchment, would come up and give
his support to the bill.
He had nothing to say to this House of the gal-
lant old officer who had been severely disabled,
who had lost his limbs or the energies of his life in
the service of the country. He had nothing to say
to the House, that such an officer as that should
not be be turned loose upon the world, unprovided
for and penniless. If there was any man here who
would turn him loose upon the world, let him
avow it. He (Mr. B.) was not one who would
do it. But, if there was such a member of this
House, he would say to him that he should not
oppose this bill. He trusted there was no man
here who was not disposed to increase theefficiency
of the army of the United States—of the regiments,
by taking from those regiments those who now
stood in the way of the promotion of junior officers
of merit, and placing at the heads of regiments or
battalions, men who were capable of performing
the duties of those commands. He wished this
House would pass the bill which had been reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs.
He begged to repeat that the bill, since the time
Mr. Poinsett was Secretary of War, had received
the favorable consideration of every Secretary of
War. It was most earnestly urged by General
Scott, than whom no man was more fitted to judge
what was necessary for the efficiency of the army,
as he solemnly believed na man was more fitted to
lead a gallant army than that distinguished officer.
The officers of the army had all borne their testi-
mony to the indispensableness to the service of
the army of such a bill as this. It was a bill pre-
pared by the officers of the army, under the appro-
bation of the Secretary of War, and he trusted
this House would not consider it a novel measure
of the committee; it had been matured by the
heads of the army themselves; it had been sanc-
tioned by them all; it had repeatedly been urged
upon the consideration of Congress; and he wished
at this moment—a moment when it might be done
so conveniently and so usefully to the country—it
would be taken up-and passed.
Mr. TQOMBS asked for the reading of the bill;
which was read.
Mr. TOOMBS was opposed to the bill, and de-
sired briefly to state the reasons which brought
his mind to that conclusion. The effect of the bill
would be to increase the expenses of the army
unnecessarily. This the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Burt] had admitted.
Mr. BURT interrupted, and desired to ask the
gentleman whether he had seen the report of Gen-
eral Scott which bears directly upon this point?
He knew that his fuend would not be willing to
shut out ..valuable information when he could get
it. The whole amount of additional expenses au-
thorized by the bill, according to his understand-
ing and recollection, amounted only to the small
sum of one hundred and eighty dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS proceeded. He-understood that
this was a bill authorizing a list of retiring officers,
to be made up of those who have become incapa-
ble of the duties of the service, and these officers
were to retire upon pay, but without rations. The
places of these retiied officers were to be filled by
those who were to receive pay and rations. Those
next in rank were to fill the places of the retired
officers.* He would state the objections which he
had to the bill. Under our military system, ever
since the adoption of the present peace establish-
ment, there was a law by the operation of which
all the officers were retained in the service, so that
the army should at all times be completely offi-
cered, while the army itself was to be only a mere
skeleton. The proportion of officers to the men ,
was now much greater than the service required.
The gentleman had said that he wanted to add
greater efficiency to the field officers. But the ser;-
_vice did not need more efficiency in the field for
our small army of six thousand men. There was
scarcely a single regiment of the army kept to-
gether. They were all distributed in small detach-
ments, having charge of the various military posts
