572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
THE BLUE BOOK.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
joint resolution " for the distribution of the Official
Register or Blue Book among the several States,"
which had been introduced by Mr. Charles
Brown, on the 18th of December, 1848.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Haralson, to wit: Strikeout " State libraries" in
the fourth line, and insert " Secretary of State in
the several States."
Mr. BROWN offered the following as an amend-
ment to the resolution, in lieu of the amendment
which had been offered by Mr. Haralson: After
" State libraries" insert: " and where there are no
State libraries, to be deposited in the office of the
Secretary of State," and thereupon moved the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WHITE moved to lay the said joint reso-
lution on the table; which was not agreed to.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered, viz: Shall the said
amendment to the amendment be agreed to? And
being put, it was decided in the affirmative.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, was
accordingly read a third time and passed, and sent
to the Senate for concurrence.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, moved that the
vote by which the said resolution was passed be
reconsidered, and that that motion be laid on the
table.
COMMITTEE REPORT.
Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, made a report.
Mr. STEX^HENS moved, at a quarter past three
o'clock, p. m., that the House adjourn; which
motion was decided in the affirmative—yeas 92,
nays 84.
And the House accordingly adjourned until to-
morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred:
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Iowa: The memorial of sundry
citizens of Jefferson county, Iowa, asking a donation of the
^•unsold lands in that county, to aid them in the erection of
buildings for the use of the branch of the State University at
Fairfield.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of Jacob Lybarger and
25 others, citizens of Richland county, Ohio, praying Con-
giess to pass a law preventing the transportation 01 the mail,
ihe delivery of letters, &c., on the first day of the week.
By Mr. MULLIN : The petition of Edwurd A. Sacketand
others., citizens of the county of Jefferson, New York, pray-
ing the reduction of postage on letters to a uniform rate of
two cents.
By Mr. BOVD: The petition ofMaivil! Hill.
By Mr. RICHARDSON: The petition fiom a portion of
the citizens of Brown county, Illinois, for a military escort
to and fu>m California. Also, the petition from a portion of
the people of jfiko county, upon the same subject.
By Mr. CROWELL: The peiitton of Abell B. Berry,
Clement VVnght, and others, citizens of Summit eounry,
Ohio, lor teducing letter postage to two cents, and news-
paper po&tage to' one-half and one cent, and for abolishing
the franking privilege.
By Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts: The petition of Horace
James and 233 others, iuhdhitanfc of Wrcntham, in the State
of Massachusetts, m behalf of cheap postage. Also, the
petition of John Storrs and 24 others, inhabitants of Holhs-
ton, m the same Slate, for the same object. Also, the peti-
tion of O. H. A. Dall and 23 others, inhabitants of the same
State, for the same object. Alsb, the petition of E. H. Stafter
and 14 others, of the same State, for the same object. Also,
the petition of Edward C. Rogers and 43 others, of the same
Stntf*, for the same object. Also, the petition of B. B. Mus-
sev and 65 others, of the same State, for the same object.
By Mr, PALFREY": The petition of Eunice R. Davis and
53o others, women of Massachusetts, praying Congiess to
withdraw the protection of Government from the American
slave tiade, to prevent the extension of slavery, and abolish
it, wherever Congress has competent jurisdiction.
By Mr. PHELPS : The petition of citizens of Lafayette
' county, Missouri, praying for the establishment of a regular
commcicial communication between the valley of the Mis-
sissippi and California, and that the emigrants by the over-
land route be furnished with a military escort.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 21, 1849.
_ Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, presented a memo-
rial from John Whitesides, asking the payment of
a certain post officc draft; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memorial from a
number of citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the
construction of piers and harbors on the Delaware
river and bay; which was laid on the table.
Mr. DA x TON presented a petition from citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, asking for amendments in
the Patent Office laws; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. HALE presented the proceedings of the New
Garden Monthly Religious Meeting of Friends, in
Chester county, Pennsylvania; and also the memo-
rial of the Sadsbury Meeting of Friends of Chester
county, Pennsylvania; praying for the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the District of Co-
lombia, and against the extension of slavery to the
newly-acquired territories; the question of the re-
ception of which was raised and laid on the table.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of a number
of citizens of Massachusetts, praying that portions
of the public lands may be given to actual settlers,
free of charge; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. YULEE presented a petition from 476 citi-
zens of Manatee, in the State of Florida, asking
for the establishment of a post office, and of a post-
route from Manatee to Tampa; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to wnom was referred the resolution of the
Senate, passed on the 13th instant, authorizing the
Commissioner of the Land Office to purchase five
hundred copies of " White's new Recopilacion,"
reported a joint resolution respecting the procure-
ment and publication of authentic information as
to the laws of the territories recently acquired from
Mexico; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. DOWNS moved that the Senate now con-
sider this joint resolution.
Mr. YULEE objected. The motion, therefore,
could not be entertained under the rule.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the joint resolution
from the House of Representatives authorizing
the Secretary of State to increase the number of
copies of the Laws of Congress annually distrib-
uted to the several States and Territones, reported
back the same without amendment, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
following House bills:
An act for the relief of Sylvanus Blodget;
* An act for the relief of Susannah Pienuss;
An act for the relief of Hannah Kenney, widow
of Amos Kenney, late of the State of New York;
An act Tor the relief of David Murphy;
An act for the relief of Philip Miller;
An act for the relief of Warren Raymond;
An act for the relief of Eve Boggs;
An act for the relief of James France;
An act for the relief of Levi M. Roberts;
An act for the relief of Camfield Avenll;
An act for the relief of Elizabeth S. Cobbs;
An act for the relief of Peter Myers;
An act for the relief of Hector Perkins;
An act for the relief of Aaron Stafford;
Reported back the same without amendment, and
recommended their passage.
Also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the following House bills:
An act for the relief of Gardner Herring;
An act for the relief of William Blake;
Reported back the same without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they do not pass.
Mr. J., from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Robert M. Martin, made a
written report, accompanied by a bill for his relief;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Alexander McKee and Johnson Price, made a
written report, accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
Also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Nathaniel Lewis, asking
payment of a claim due him for supplies furnished
a company of Texas rangers, made an adverse
report in writing on the same; which was ordered
to be pirnted.
Mr. DIX, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill to continue the light
at Sands' Point, Long Island Sound, reported the
same without amendment.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the same, as in Committee
of the Whole; and no amendment having been
offered, the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was subsequently read a third
time, by unanimous consent, and passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. WESTCOTT submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed to report
to the Senate the circumstances within his knowledge at-
tending the appointment of Leonard I). Gale as Examiner
in the Patent Office, with copies of all papers m his office
relating theieto.
In submitting the foregoing resolution, Mr.
WESTCOTT said: 1 present this resolution in
order that the gentleman named in it (Professor
Gale) may be done justice. The public newspa-
pers had contained charges and imputations against
the Commissioner of Patents as to that selection.
They had been referred to in a memorial or in doc-
uments laid before Congress at this session, and
used on the authority of a respectable name. These
papers had done Mr. Gale and the Commissioner
of Patents injustice; they had occasioned prejudice
and created distrust with some. It is important
that full confidence should be entertained in the
Patent Office and its officers. I am satisfied, from
my examination of the matter, that the answer to
this resolution will show that the imputations are
totally unfounded, and the object is to afford such
opportunity and to have the evidence on record.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MASON submitted the- following resolu-
tion; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish to the Senate a copy of the official lournal of the march
of Lieutenant Colonel I'inlip Si. Geoige Cooke fiom Santa
F^, in New Mexico, to San Lhfigo, in Upper California,
which was communicated to that department by Brigadier
General Stephen VV. Kearny, deceased.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A joigt resolution from the House, authorizing
the distribution of the American Archives, under
the direction of the Joint Committee on the Libra-
ry,^ literary institutions in the several States and
Territories, was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Library.
A joint resolution from the House, for the dis-
tribution of the Official Register, or Biue Book,
among the several States, was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Library.
An act to establish an additional land office in
the State of Missouri was read a first and second
time.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the Senate consid-
ered this bill; which was read a third time and
An act to repeal the fifth, sixth, and seventh
clauses of the first section of the "Act in addition
to the several acts regulating the shipment and dis-
charge of seamen, and the duty of consuls," ap-
proved July 20,1840; and also to amend the "Act
supplementary to the 'Act concerning consuls and
vice consuls, and for the further protection of
American seamen,," approved February 28,1803,
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
An act granting a half section of land for the use
of schools, within fractional township nineteen
south, of range eighteen west, county of Lowndes,
State of Mississippi, was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on PubliG
Lands.
An act for the relief of Jacob Zimmerman; and
An act for the relief of Major Charles Larrabee;
were read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
MINESOTA LAND OFFICE.
Mr. BREESE moved, at the request of the Del-
egate fr&n Mmesota, to take up the bill to change
| the location of the land office in the Chippewa land
district.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WALKER moved to amend the bill by
i adding the following as additional sections:
j Sec.2. Jind be itfurther enacted, That, for the sale of the
! puijliclandsinthei^rritory ot Wisconsin,an additional land
I ofiice and land district is hereby created, comprising all the
! lands not included within the districts ot laud subject to sale
| at Green Bay, Miiwaukie, or Mineral Point, which shall be
.called Uie western land district.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Piesident be
and is hereby authorized to appoint, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a register and a receiver of the
public moneys for the said district, who shall respectively be
required to reside at the site of said office, and who shall have
