1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5#
the s ame powers, perform the same duties, and be entitled
to the same compensation as are or may he prescribed by
law in relation to other land officers of the United States.
Sec. 4- <And be it further enacted, That the President is
authonzed to cause the public lands in the said district, with
the exception of sections numbered sixteen in each town-
ship. reserved {or the use of schools, or such other lands as
may'be selected by law in lieu thereof, and of such other
tracts as he may select for military or other purposes, to be
exposed to sale in the same manner and upon the same teims
and conditions as the other public lands of the United States,
Sec. 5. Jind be U further enacted, That the President is
hereby authorized to designate the site at which the said
office shall be established, and to remove the same to any
other place within said district whenever in his opinion it
may be deemed expedient.
Mr. WALKER, in support of his amendment,
stated the necessity of a land office and land district
in Wisconsin for the sale of the public lands, for
the mutual benefit of the General and the State
Governments. To the removal of the land office
to Minesota, which was proposed by this bill, he
was irreconcilably opposed, unless a new land dis-
trictand land office should be created in Wisconsin;
and this his amendment would accomplish.
Mr. BREESE did not doubt that a favorable
report could be obtained from the appropriate com-
mittee,jlunn°; the residue of the present session, on
the proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin,
and he entreated him to make iran independent!
measure, and not thereby embarrass the bill before
the Senate.
Mr. WALKER persisted in his amendment;
which was then agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER said the amendment was of a
very important character, and yet the Senate had
adopted it without the examination of a committee.
Of this he could not approve.
Mr. DODGE of Iowa, Mr. JONES, and Mr.
DOUGLAS each made a few remarks, urging the
passage of the bill, which, in their opinion, was
required by the new Territory of Minesota.
' Mr. YULEE said he had yet to learn that we
had such a territory as that of Minesota; nor had
he any assurance that there would be such a terri-
tory established there during the present session.
After a few words of explanation, in which
Messrs. DOUGLAS and WALKER took part,
the bill was reported to the Senate, the amendment
was concurred in, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read a third
time and passed.
TRIALS OF ISSUES.
Mr. DOWNS moved to postpone the prior or-
ders, and that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill to regulate appeals from the trial
of issues in the District of Goiuiiibia.
Mr. BADGER called the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance to this motion,
with the intimation that it was a bill which would
occupy some time, and therefore would obstruct
the passage of the general appropriation bill. He
certainly could not let it pass without the expres-
sion of his views upon its merits.
Mr. ATHERTON called for the orders of the
^Mr. HALE thought the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Louisiana was of so much importance
as to be entitled to immediate consideration. It
came to them with the recommendation of the Ju-
diciary Committee, and for several months during
the last session attempts were made to get it up,
which were fruitless even to the end of the session.
with other business of more immediate importance,
and hence he moved to lay the pending motion on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OF CALIFORNIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
service oi the United States for the year ending
30th June, 1850.
Mr. WALKER having moved to amend the
bill by adding the following:
Sec Jkui he it further enacted, That the Constitution
of the United States and all and singular the several acts of
Congress respecting the registering, recording, enrolling, or
licensing ships or vessels, and the entry and clearance there-
of, and the foreign and coasting trade and fisheries, and all
the acts respecting the imposing and collecting ol duties on
imports, and all acts respecting ttade and intercourse with
the Indian tribes, and all acts respecting the public lands,
of a public and genera! character, and the provisions wheieot
are suitable and proper to be applied to the territory west oi
the Rio del Norte, acquired from AJcxico by the treaty of the
second day of February, Eighteen hundred and loity-eight,
be, and the same are hereby, extended ovei and given lull
lorce and efficacy to in all said Teimory; and the President
of the United States be, and he is hereby, authonzed to pre-
scribe and establish all proper and needful rules and regu-
lations (in conformity with the Constitution of the United
States) lor the tmlurceinent of said laws m satd Teiritory,
and for the preservation of older and tranquillity, and the
establishment of justice therein, and from time to time to j
modify or change the said rules and regulations in such j
manner as may seem to him discreet and proper, and may
prescnbeande^tablish, temporarily,such divisions, districts, !
port^, offices, and airangement-s proper loi the execution ot i
said laws, and appoint and cummisMon such officers as may i
be necessary to administer ^uch laws in said Teintory, tor 1
such teim or terms as he may piescribe, whose authority
shall continue until otherwise provided by Congress; said
ofiieeis to receive such compensation as trie Pi evident may
prescribe, not exceeding double the compensation hereto-
lore paid to similar officers of the United States, or its Ter-
ritories, for like services; and, to enable the same to be
done, the sum'of two hundred thousand unllars he appro-
priated, out of any money in the tieasury not otherwise ap-
propriated—
Mr. BELL moved to amend this amendment by
striking out of it all those parts of the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin which are incon-
sistent with the provisions of that which he was
about to submit, and adding the following:
Sec. — Aid be it further maclcd, Tliat Congress doth con-
sent that all tliat portion of the territory of the United States
acquired by the treaty of peace, fuendsiitp, and limits, and
settlement with the Republic of Mexico, concluded the 3d
i of February, 1«48, which lies west of the Itio del Noite, and
! a line running due nortn tiom the heau-n ater& ot the said
1 river until it strikes the forty-second paiallel of north iali-
I tude, shall form one State, to be known arid designated by
I the name and style of " the Stale of California," anrl the
! same, on the first dav of October next, shall be received and
' admitted into this Union as a new and enure member oi the
i United States ol America.
Sec. —. •dnd be it further enat.tei, That the I lilted States
! reserve to themselves all light ol property in the unappro
I pnated lands and other property in tuc territory admitted
i into the Union as a State by the preceding section of ihis
hill, free from all taxes and assessments of every kind by
said State, and also the power of disposing of the same, and
of adjusting all claims and title to lands derived under any
foreign Government m such manner as Congress shall pie-
scribe, and nothing contained in said section shall be so con-
strued as to hunt and impair the rights and powers hereby
reserved to the United States in any manner whatsoever.
Sec.— -And be itjmtker enacted, That there shall be
appointed a marshal and district attorney for each of said
i districts ; the marshals shall perform the same duties, be
I subject to the same regulations and penalties, and be enti-
i tied to the same tees as are provided and prescribed by the i
maishals of other districts, and shall 111 addition lie entitled
| to the sum ot £201), as aconipent-ation for .ill extra services;
; and the district attorneys, in addition to their stated fees as
i now pi escribed by law to other district attorneys, shall be
paid $2i0.
He deemed it time that it should^ be taken up, for , J c.^;nU"; ^"fi'ne nelf census'aiid^amuiafomnent, shall
the people of this District were uepriveu or lights |)(J (0 tWo Representatives m the Congress ot the
in the trial of issues by jury which were enjoyed j) united States. ^
pkpwhere Suitors were now dependent on the || Sec.— *dnd be if further cnartea, that the acting Gov
elsewhere, ©u nnwpr ' ernor of California, &o soon as lie ^haii be piovided with a
arbitrary exercise ol judicial power. ,, v0{ llus act t0 the eild tlial the people may have an
Mr. f URNEY interposed. This was a mere |j opp;,ltul,uyof establishing tor themselves a constitution and - ,Vp„TrnTT ' , , nerfectlv satisfied
motion to nostpone the prior orders for the purpose i; republican form of !>overnnieiit for said state prior to the [ Mr. WLbi GOi 1 said he was pei teeuysati^nea
motion op [ ( ,i„unla ,tc 1 nr fiprnh^r next, shall immediately proceed to lay oft ^ the amendment was pressed to a vote now,
and nays on the amendment to the amendment,
and they were ordered. . • - *
The question was then taken, and decided as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Dodge of [owa, Douglas, and Downs
—1.
NA5TS—Messrs. Atchison, Atberton, Baldwin, Benton,
Berrien, Bradbury, Breese, Butler, Calhoun, Clarke. Corwin,
Davis.of Mississippi, Dayton, Dickinson, Dix, Pelch, Fitz-
gerald, Fitzpatrick, Fooie, Greene, Hamlin, Houston, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Georgia, King, Mangum, Mason, Miller,
Niles, Pearce, Phelps, Spruance, Sturgeon, Turney, Under-
wood, Upham, Walker, Westcott, and Yulee—39.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. FOOTE moved to amend the amendment
of Mr. Walker by substituting the words " or
the survey or sale thereof, and all and singular the
other acts of Congress of a public and general
character, and the provisions whereof are suitable ,
and proper to be applied to," for the words " of a
public and general character, and the provisions
whereof are suitable and proper to be applied."
Mr. WALKER accepted the modification, so
that his amendment now reads as follows:
Sec. — Jind be it Jwlher enacted, That the Constitution
of the United States and all and singular the several acts of
Congress respecting the registering, recording, emolling, or
licensing ships or vessels, and the entry and eleaiance
thereof,"and the foreign and coasting trade and fisheries,
and all the acts respecting the imposing and collecting of
duties on imports, and nlf acts respecting tiade and inter-
coms with the Indian Uibcs, and all acts respecting the
1 public land*, or the survey or sale thereof. and all and sin-
! guiar the other acts ot Congress of a public and gene al
I character, and the provisions whereof aie suitable and proper
j to be applied to ihe territory west of the Kio del Norte, ae-
! quired from Mexico by the tieaty of the second day of Feb-
! roary, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, be, and the same
are hereby, extended ovfr and given full force and efficacy
in all said territory; and the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to prescribe and establish
ail proper and needlul rules and regulations (in conformity
i with the Constitution oi the United States) for the enforce-
| mentofsaid laws m said Terruoiv, and fot the preservation
t of order and tranquillity, and the establishment of justice
; therein, and from time to time to modify or change tiie said
! rules and regulations in such manner as may s?em to bim
; discreet and proper, and may prescribe and establish, lem-
I poranly,such divisions, districts, ports, offices, and arrange-
| ments proper lor the execution oi said laws, and appoint
! and commission such officers as may be necessary to admu.~
j ister such laws in said Tenitory, for such term or terms
! as he may prescribe, whose authority shall continue untii
: otherwise provided by Congress; said officers to rtceive
1 such compensation as the President may prescribe not ex-
! ceedinsr double the compensation lieieioiore paid to sinii-
, lar officers of the United States or its Teiritones, tor like
I services; and, to enable the same to be done, the sum of
: two hundred thousand dollars be appropriated out ol any
!> money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
|! Mr. YCJLEE moved an adjournment; but at the
i; solicitation of Senators he withdrew his motion.
II Mr. FOOTE thought the Senate had better come
H to a vote upon the amendment immediately.
'' Mr. WESTCOTT said that there were many
Senators who did not like the phraseology of the
amendment as it now stood, ana who desired that
it might be changed so as to relieve the amend-
ment from all objections and enable them to vote
for it. For himself, he would say that he enter-
tained no objection to the amendment in its present
form, but was prepared to vote for it. But, in
order to give Senators an opportunity to change
the phraseology of the amendment, and, as he be-
lieved to secure its passage, he would move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. FOOTE hoped that the Senator from Flor-
ida would withdraw his motion. To-morrow was
private bid day, and if the question was not now
; taken, the bill would have to lie over until Friday.
! All the Senators had considered the matter; every
1 child of the age of twelve years had considered it;
it was a plain proposition, and required 110 further
consideration. He trusted, therefore, that the Sen-
! ator would not insist upon his motion.
the country embraced wnliiii tiie limits oi t e proposed
, State into convenient dietuct-s, lor the election ot delegates
! to a convention lor the purpose oi forming a Slate constitu-
tion, and shall designate the tune and place lor holding the
election in each district, appoint tiie officerb to conduct the
same, and prescribe the mode ol niakin? the returns there-
of. and shall apportion tiie delegates, in ail, among the
seveia! districts as near as may be, according to '4i"
of legal voters m each ; and he shall also design.
of takin" up a bill, and therefore debate upon Its . first of October next, shall immediately proceed
or iaKiii0 up > r ( the country embraced witlun the hunts of the
merits was not in order. ■■
Mr. HALE disclaimed any intention to discuss f
its merits; his sole design being to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that the suitors m this Dis-
trict had not the right of trial by jury in certain
cases which were tried by juries elsewhere, and
to express the hope that the bill would be passed}
that that rs^ht might be given to them.
Mr. BUTLER was understood to say that the
bill was eminently proper, and that it had been
called for by the bar of the District.
Mr. DICKINSON deprecated a discussion off a
motion wliich related merely to the priority of
business. Though favorably disposed towards
this bill, he thought their time could be occupied
it would be rejected. He would adhere, therefore,
to his motion to adjourn.
Mr. ATHERTON appealed to the Senator from
Florida to withdraw his motion. To-morrow was
private bill day, and if the civil and diplomatic
^ac3mg wiTiXibe. appropriation bill was not disposed of to-night, it
he shall alsode ignate the time : would be thrown over till iriday.
(ir legal \ octrs in , anu ire u - ~
and place tor tiie assembling ol said convention, x.very ;i
white male inhabitant of said Territory, being an actual p
resident of the proposed State, and having attained the age j,
of twenu-one yeais, shall be entitled to vote in said eieo
Uori. u
Mr. BELL resumed his remarks, and continued
to occupy the floor until half-past three o'clock.
Mr. BERRIEN replied; when
Mr. JOHJNSON, of Georgia, asked for th« yeas
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was not agreed to.
, The question recurring on the amendment, the
; yeas and nays were called for and ordered.
> Mr. DAYTON. Mr. President, it the yeas and
' nays are to be taken on this amendment, it is cer-
! tainly proper that we should give it a more careful
| consideration than Senators have yet had an oppor-
