•574
IPE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
tunity of bestowing upon it. It embraces, to a
certain extent, my ideas of what we ought to do
for Califormaat this session of Congress. I concur
in the general Idea presented in this amendment,
but whether it wili carry out in detail the purpose
for which it was designed, I may have some doubt.
There was a section upon the statute book giving
to the President the power to govern Florida for
a limited time, and Florida was governed under a
provision providing for a temporary government
in this way.
Mr. WESTCOTT, (interposing.) And Louisi-
ana, too.
Mr. DAYTON. Yes, Louisiana also. And I
doubt very much, as that precedent has been set,
whether it would not be better to take that, in so
many words, from the statute book, and adopt it
as-a means for governing this territory. At all
events, if we are to attach anything of this kind
to this bill, I would prefer something for which
we have precedent. I dislike this leap in the dark.
I move, therefore, that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was- agreed to—22 voting in the
affirmative, and 19 in the negative.
The Senate thereupon adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Februat-y 21, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion of Mr McCLELLAND, by unan-
imous consent:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of continuing the geneial
index to the documents of the House, lro:n the end of the
25th Congre>s to th« end of the piesent session.
Mr, TALLMADGE, by unanimous consent,
offeied the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That thfe Secretary of'the Navy report to this
House the amount of money now duo or retained hy the
Government, aiding from unclaimed wages from seamen
tlicil li.tve d^erted Irom the navy, arid al.so Irom seamen
that have died, leaving balance* of wages, money or ufiecfc-,
that are unclaimed, and the names, tormor residences, and
times ol death or desertion of such seamen.
Mr. COLLINS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented concurrent resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of New York, relating to the erection of
a monument to the memory of General Nicholas
Heckimer; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TURNER, Mr. EVANS of Maryland, and
other gentlemen, called for the orders of the day.
MILEAGE.
The SPEAKER announced the bill reported
yesteiday by Mr. McKay, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, to be the first business in
order; being a bill to regulate the mileage of mem-
bers and delegates to Congress, and for other pur-
poses. The bill is as follows:
Jie it enwteJ by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stolen oj *dwcricu in C)n«res$ assembled, That
the Secretary ot the 'Senate and Cleik of the House shall,
at the commencement of each session of Congies*, obtain
from each nieinhtr and delegate the name of the post office
nearest Ins residence, and shall then, with the aid of the pre-
siding oflicer, ascertain and nx the distance of the said post
office from the seat of the GwneiaJ Government, computed
according to the shortest mail loute; adding to. or subtract-
ing from that distance, as the ea>e may be, the distance fiom
the said post office to the lesidence of the member or dele-
gate; upon winch statement the mileage of each member
and delegate shall be computed and settled* Prpvided, That
they shall not alter the maximum of mileage now allowed
to the delc .«re hom the Territory of Oregon.
Ssc. 2. Be li.furfher enacted. That hereafter no member
or delegate >hall he allowed mileage for attending any extra
session of Confess, or of miier House thereof, unless he
shall have actually traveled the distance charged; it being
the purpose ot this section to prohibit compensation lor con-
structive jouine\s.
Slc. 3 Be iljwrther cnactcd, That on the final settlement
of th ' account ot each meinboi or delegate, he shall Mihjoiu,
at tne close of his account, a certificate that he has deducted
-Mwlewftol tlie emu e days on winch lie niuj have i; ivoi'th, White, VVi'cisnd wiiiuuis—ii'
been absent from his .-eat, in the flou.-e ot winch lie is a' 1
member, and when it was in session, excepting, however,
those day?, when his absencc may have been occasioned by
sickness, or by the oider of the House on public bu.«ines ,
or may have been with the leave of thp Hou-e; m which
latter case he shall be allowed only foui dollars per day
during such absence.
Src, 4. Be it fayiher enactcd, That hereafter it shall not be
lawful tor any oiheer ot eithei Hou^e of Congress, or other
person, by virtue o{ any order, resolution, or other proceed-
ing o! eitlier of ><iiil Houses, to purchase or contractor agree
for the puiehasc of, any books for distribution among3the
■members thereof, until an appiopnatmn "shall have been
reguhnly made for that specific put pose.
the ordinary expenditures of the Senate and House respect-
ively ; iror shall it be lawf<H to expend any pait of said ap-
propriation, by virtue of any order, resolution, or other pio-
ceeding of either House, in extracoinpensation or allowance
to any secretary, clerk, messenger, or attendant of tlie said
two Houses, or either ot them.
Sec. 6. Beit further enacted, That hereafter the mileage
which may be allowed to officers or other persons in the
military, naval, or civil service, shall be computed and set-
tled according to the shortest mail route.
To this Mr.-McKay had reported, fr.om the
Committee of Ways and Means, the following
amendment:
In the fiist section and sixth line, between the words
'•'shortest" and "mail," insert the woid "continuous"—so
that it would read " shortest continuous mail route."
Mr. McKAY was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, he would move the
previous question, if the gentleman from North
Carolina would give way.
Mr. McKAY said, he was yesterday, when he
was interrupted by the gentleman fiorn Massachu-
setts [Mr. Asiimun] wieh a motion to proceed to
business on the Speaker's table, endeavoring to
explain the provisions of the bill; but as it was all
simple and easily understood by the reading, he
would waive his right to the floor, and ask the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, inquired if
it was in order to move that the bill be postponed
for a few days, in order that it might-be printed
for the examination of members, and lie on the
Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. Not while the previous ques-
tion is pending.
Mr. ROCKWELL. I move, then, to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. McKAY asked the yeas and nays; which
i having been ordered—
j Mr. ROCKWELL withdrew his motion, in
I order (he said) to save the time of the House.
| The previous question was seconded, and the
! main question was ordered.
! Mr. KAUFMAN asked for the reading of the
I bill and amendments; which were lead.
! Mr. McKAY stated (before the vote was taken)
; that he was instructed by the Committee of Ways
: and Means to report a separate bill for the third
i section.
The question was then put on agreeing to the
said first amendment, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
'The second amendment was read, viz: " Strike
out the third section of the bill."
And the question being put on agreeing thereto,
it was decided m the negative—yeas 51, nays 112—
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Barrow, Beale, Bcdinger, Boy-
den, Biddy, Jitodhcad, Canby, Chapman, Howell Cobb,
Cranston, Dt.vou, Oucr, Eckeit, Aaihun Evans, Faian,
Fisher, Fiouruoj, Fieedley, Ga>le, Hale, George S. Hous-
ton, Hubbard, Hud-ou, (Jh:ule& J. ingeisull, Juan,H. John-
son, George VV. Jones, Ligon, MdeJay, Alcilvamo, IVle-
Xva>, McQueen, Horace Aiuuii, Pendleton, Pollock, Rhett,
JuhUs Rockwell, Shnge land, toturkweather,Struiiin, Stiong,
Tailmaage, Ta>loi, Tlnbudcau\, Richard VV Tiiomp oa,
liohew A. Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Van Dyke, Ven-
able, and Vinton—31.
NAY'S—Me?std. Abbott, Adams, A?hmun, Biidsall,
Blaekmur, bowdon, Bovd, Bridget, Charles Biown, i>uck-
nei, Burt, Caiheari, Franklin Clark, Beverly L. C.aike,
Chnginan, Williamson U. VV. Cobb, oocfce, Collamer, Col-
lins, Conger, Crozicr, Cummins, Dickey, Garnett Dun< an,
Dunn, Edwards, Einbree, Fanelly, Fcathcrston, Fickhn,
Fiench, Fulton, Giddmgs, Goggin, Gott, Greeley, Gregory,
Gmuitil, Willard P. Hall, Nathan iv. Hall, James G. Hamp-
ton, iVlOMJS Hampton, Haralson, Hainianson, Hams, Hen-
ley, Hemy, Hill, Inge, Jenkins, Robett W. Johnson, Kauf-
man, Kellogg, Kennon, Daniel P. King, Lahm, Wnham T.
L iwrence, Lelfier, L«vm, Lincoln, Lyndc, McClcliund,
McLane, Job Mann, Mar-h, Marvin, Mnlcr, Moiris, Morse,
: Muiiin, Muiphy, Nes, Aevveil, Nicoli, Outlaw, Pallrey, !
I Pea^let, Peck, Peine, Pc\ ton, Pieston, Putnam, Rt>nolds,
[ Richardson, Richey, John A. Rockwall, Roman, Root, Ruui-
j sey, St. John,SdWver,Schtnck, Shi pp^rd, Silvester,Smart,
, Caleb fi. Smith, Kob^it Smith, Tiumau Smith, Stanton,
• Andrew Stovv.ut, Cliuile^s E. Stu.ur, Thomas, J<is. Tliomp-
son. Jacob Tnotup-on, Turner, Wallacn, Warren, Went-
son R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Collamer, Collins, Conger, Crozier,
The said bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read the third time; and, being
engrossed, was accordingly read the third time.
The question then recurred on tiie passage of
the bill.
Mr. McKAY moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed—yeas 158, nays 16—
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Bai ringer, Bairow,
,1 -r------ rv-r--- Beale, Bedmger, Belcher, Birdcall, Blackmar, Bowdon,
^ ihatno part of the appro- h Bojd, Borden, Bridges, Biodhcad, Cha.ks Brown, Albcr
SSSS. 5 be mi4e the f!0nt,I1=ent expenses of ! G. Brown, Buckner, Burt, Uanby, Cathcart, Chase, Franklin
®^!r °{ *kaU be applied to any other than Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, CUngman, Howell Cobb, Willtam-
Freedley, Frcnch, Fulton, Giddings, Goggin, Gott, Green,
Greeley, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale, Willaid P. Hall. Nathan
K. Hall, Jaines G, Hampton, Moses Hampton, Haralson,
Haimanson, Harris, H-miey, Henry, Hill, Hiihard, Elias
Holmes, George S. Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, In«e, Imn,
Jenkins, James H. -Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman,
Kellogg, Kennon, Darnel P. Kins, Lahm, William T. Law-
rence, Sidney Lawrence, Leffler, Levin, Ligon, Lincoln,
McClelland, McDowell, Mcllvaine, McKay, McLane, Me-
Clueen, Job Mann, Horace Mann, Marvin, Miller, Moms,
Morse, Mnllin, Murphy, Nes, Newell, Nicoll, Outlaw, Pal-
frey, Peaslee, Peck, Pendleton, Petrie, Peyton, Pollock,
Preston, Putnam, Reynolds, Richardson, Richey, Roclvhill,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Root, Rumsey,
St. John, Sawyer, Schenck, Shepperd, Silvester, Smait,
Caleb B. Smith, Robert Smith, Truman Smith, Stanton,
Starkweather, Andrew Stewart, Charles E. Stuart, Stiohm,
Strong, Tailmadge, Thomas, Richard W. Thompson, John
B. Thompson, Robert A. Thompson, Thurston, Toomfc*,
Turner, Van Dyke, Veuable, Wallace, Warren, Went-
worth, White, Wick, Wiley, and Williams—158.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashinun, Brady, Chapman, Cranston,
Gayle, Charles J. Ingersoll, Robert W. John-on, Lynde,
Maclay, Pettit, Rhett, Shngeiland, Taylor, Thibodtaux,
Tompkins, and Vinton-—16.
Mr. McKAY moved that the vote by which said
bill was passed be reconsidered, and also that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table;'which
latter motion was agreed to.
Ordered, That the Clerk request the concurrence of the
Senate in said bill.
COMMITTEE REPORTS.
The mileage bill having been disposed of, the
call of the committees for reports was continued;
when—
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, from the
I Committee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill from the Senate entitled " An act for the relief
! of the owners of the schooner Ticome," reported
the same back to the House without amendment.
Committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ROCKWELL, from thp same committee,
' to whom was referred the petition of George
! Mowry, of Pennsylvania, reported a bill for his
1 relief, accompanied by a report in writing; which
was read twice, committed to the Committee of
the Whole, and the bill and report ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, from the same committee,
to whom was leferred the petition of Charles
Stuart, reported a bill for his relief, accompanied
by a report in writing; which bill was read twice,
committed to the Committee of the Whole, and the
bill and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROCKWELL, from the same committee,
made adverse reports upon the petitions of Joseph
D. Ward, John B. Cooper, Jacob Moore, Jeremiah
Carpenter, and of Captain Thomas Duer; which
reports were laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired if it was now in order
to move to proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER replied it would be in ten
minutes.
COLLECTION DISTRICT m TEXAS.
Mr. THIBODEAUX, from the Committee on
Commerce, jeported a bill to establish the collec-
tion district of Brazos Santiago, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice.
Mr. T. said he would not detain the Ho,use by
any explanation of the bill. He hoped it would
be put upon its engrossment.
Mr. ROOT inquired whether the bill had been
pnn ted.''
The SPEAKER replied that it had just been
reported.
Mr. ROOT objected to its engrossment until the
House had opportunity to know what the bill
was.
The SPEAKER suggested to Mr. Thibodeaux
that there was a bill of the same title upon the
Speaker's table, which had come from the Senate.
Mr. THIBODEAUX replied, that that bill
mi^ht not be reached in some time; and it was
absolutely necessary that a bill should be passed
immediately. He therefore hoped that it would
now be engrossed.
Mr. ROOT said he did not wish to throw any
obstacles in the way of the passage of this bill.
But they had got into a good deal of difficulty at a
previous session by passing a bill (without know-
ing what it was) establishing certain post routes
in Texas. He would do nothing which should
go to recognize the Rio Grande as the western
