THE eONGRESSIONAl; GLOBE.
*- ! 4 ^ , -
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR & RIVES,
cents would yield sufficient revenue to support the
departments and if Congress would authorize the
coining of a silver piece of two and a half cents, he
would support the reduction. But he never would
support a reduction of postage which should result
in bringing into circulation throughout the country
the cent-pieces, the coppcrs. He knew that g.en-
tlemen coming from our large cities might think it
strange that he should oppose the circulation of
coppers. He knew gentlemen residing in cities,
large towns, and their vicinities, had been in-the
habit, perhaps from their earliest recollections, of
seeing coppers in use. He did not now recollect
• ever to have seen one in circulation in the district
which he represented, and he hoped he never
should. The fact was the same with reference to
the whole State of Georgia: there were no coppers
in circulation throughout the whole length and
breadth of that State, with the exception of one
or two points. Very similar was the fact also
with reference to other sections of the country re-
mote from large cities. Would this House, by
any measure they might adopt, encourage and
almost force upon the people of those sections the
circulation of coppers? He should vote against
all such measures.
Without entering at length into his objections to
the copper circulation, he would content himself
with saying that he honestly believed it had a de-
moralizing tendency upon the community among
whom it existed. Go even to your lowest classes,
to your very beggars, and you would find that the
beggar of coppers was one of the lowest class—
was one the most wanting in self-respect. He did
not believe that a man could have much respect for
himself who had his pocket full of coppers. [A
laugh.] He was utterly and entirely opposed to
this circulation. Fie believed it had a demoralizing
effect. He did not want to see it introduced into
- those sections where they breathed the pure air of
the country; it might do for our large ciues, but he
hoped to see it nowhere else.
If they adopted anything below the five-cent
rate, the effect was, that his people and the people
of those other sections of the country would be
compelled to pay a larger amount of postage than
those paid who lived in the large towns and cities,
or they would be compelled to adopt this copper
circulation. They would not do this, thoughthey
had to pay double rates.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Goggin]
suggested to him that the difficulty could be ob-
viated by the use of stamps. But he would ask
the gentleman, if he believed that the farmers of
the country, who received, perhaps, a dozen or
a half dozen letters only during the year, would
purchase and keep on hand a stock of post office
- stamps ?-
Mr. GOGGIN explained that the difficulty to
which the gentleman alluded would not arise under
the system which he (Mr. G.) proposed, as he
advocated the rate of five cents, except when letteis
were prepaid for, for which the rate was three cents,
and the stamps were always kept at the offices
where the letters were deposited.
Mr. COBB^replied that he was not discussing
this particular provision of the bill, but the gen-
eral question of the reduction of postage. The
contest was between the five-ccnts rate and the
two or three cents rate. This question of prepay-
ment might be advocated by some gentlemen as
it had been by his friend from Virginia, who had
advocated it with ingenuity and ability; but it was
not destined, in his "(Mr. C.'s) opinion, to receive
much favor.
Mr. GOGGIN-stated that this very system of
the prepayment of postage was recommended by
the Postmaster General.
Mr. COBB said he wished now to relieve his
friend from another error into which he .had fallen,
and it was a very appropriate time, as the gentle-
-man's party was coming into power, and we were,
to have new heads of departments. He cautioned
the gentleman not to fall into the idea that he was
compelled to do everything which they might rec-
ommend. [A laugh.]
Mr. GOGGIN said he was very aorry his friend
37
had no't before found out that it was not always safe
to follow the recommendations of the President
and heads of departments. Mr. G. particularly
regretted this, as the gentleman's friends happened
to be going out just as he had made this discovery!
[A laugh.]
Mr. COBB said it might be that their heads of
departments had always been right up to this time,
but as he had no hope that that would be the case
with the heads of the new Administration, he had
thought proper to put the gentleman cfo his guard
at this"early period.
It was of no use to tell him what the department
had recommended. He was governed by certain
fixed principles. He believed there was but one
feeling in his State, and that was a feeling of op-
position, undying opposition, to the circulation of
coppers. The people there would not submit to it.
Mr. STANTON (interposing) said he thought
the difficulty to which the gentleman from Georgia
referred, in reference to the cireuUuion of coppers,
| might be obviated by the. adoption of a plan which
he had recently seen suggested in the newspapers—
that was, of coining a seven-cents silver piece,
which, with the different sized coins already in j
circulation, would enable us to make change, so as I
to pay one, two, three, or four cents, without the j
use of coppers.
Mr. COBB replied, fix the denominations of our
circulating medium, and then he would support a
law establishing rates of postage to suit it, pro-
vided it could be done within the principle to
which he had before adverted—of the revenues of
the department being equal to its expenditures; !
but he could not favor the reduction of postage j
below the lowest silver coin at present in circula- ]
tion, until a still smaller coin was authorized. j
He remarked, in conclusion, that he had other j
views which he would like to present m reference ;
to postage, and to the abolition of the flanking j
privilege; but as he had already extended his re- I
marks further than he intended when he had I
arisen, he would yield the floor. " i
Mr. PALFREY moved to amend the instruc- !
tions so as to instruct the Committee of the Whole 1
House on the state of the 'ffnion to report the fol- j
lowing bill: I
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives |
of the United States of Jitnei ica in &.?? ? ess assembled. That j
from and iifter the fir-t da\ of April next, on all tetteis tit-
posited in any post office, to he carried in the United States
mail, not exceeding half an ounce in weight, there shall he
charged and prepaid the uniform postage of two cents for
all distances within the United State? and the Termoiies
thereof, and for any additional weight there shall he charged
and prepaid an additional postage of two cents for each half
ounce, or foi any fraction less than half an ounce.
Skc. 2 Jlnd be it further ennded, That from and after the
first day of April next, ihe fiankm? privilege shall be, and
the same is hereby, abolished.
Skc. 3. J1ndbe it further enacted, That alt acts and pans
Of a«ns inconsistent with th^ provisions of tins act he, and
the &ame are hereby, repealed. .;
Mr. DIXON raised the question of order on this jj
amendment. {j
The SPEAKER said it seamed to the Chair I:
that the amendment was in oider. |
Mr. DIXON suggested that an amendment in j;
the third degree was not in order.
The SPEAKER said it w<xs an amendment to ij
instructions. _ _ 'i
Mr. KAUFMAN (Mr. Palfrey yielding: the ;j
floor) gave notice of his intention, if the amend-
ment failed, to offer the following: j
Be it enacted.That from and after the fit «tdtiy of July, ,j
the rate of letter postage shall he uniform thinughout the i;
United States, irrespective of distance, ami all ieurrs pass-
inp through the po t office shall be charged by wwight as ,i
follow: , ,'j
Each letter not weighing more than half an ounce, rive ij
cents.
Each letter weighing more than half an ounce, and not n
more than one ounce, ten cents. 1
Each letter weighing more than one ouuee and not more ji
than two ounces, fifteen cent*. j;
And five cents additional for every ounce or fraction of an :;
ounce additional weight.
'Mr. PALFREY then proceeded to address the jj
House in fa,vorof his amendment. He had no ]j
expectation, he said, when he came to the House j
this morning, that he should address it on this or \\
any other subject; and he should be obliged to do w
so in a manner extremely unsatisfactory to'him-
self, in consequence of the suddenness with which
he approached it. He had views upon it which
he had long entertained and sufficiently considered,
but he had not enjoyed the opportunity he desired
to arrange his argument in suppon of them, and
particularly to arrange, in the manner he desired^
the facts with which to sustain them.
He felt more interest in preserving his views,
in consequence of the expression of the opinion of
the Legislature of the State of Massachusetts, at
a late period in the last se^£>n of Congress. Mr.
P. read the resolution.
Mr. P. then proceeded to sustain, by a genend
argument of facts and figures, the policy of adopt-
ing the measure which he had proposed.
Mr. VEN ABLE next obtained the floor, and
said:
Mr. Speaker: I would not at this time trespass
upon the patience of the House, but for the grave
importance of some of the provisions of this bill,
Which have passed unnoticed in the previous dis-
cussion. It is of great consequencc that this meas-
ure be perfected, and made acceptable to the coun- '
try, who can have, no deeper interest in any other.
It addresses itself to every individual in all our ex-
tended country, and will be intensely felt in the -
most remote and rural, as well as the most popu-
lous regions. The conveniences of the post office
establishment have become so completely identified
with all the comforts of life, that the people will
feel with instantaneous impulse any arrangement
which will either enlarge or curtail the privileges
heretofore enjoyed. With this view, I regard the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
as exceedingly objectionable in several particulars.
The first I would suggest, is the discontinuance of
the privilege now accoided to newspnpers, to issue
their publications to subscribers within thirty miles
free of postage.
My friend at the head of the* Post Office Com- .
rnitee [Mr. Goggin*] says that he sees no reason
for such an exemption-, that there is inequality, and
of course injustice, in such a provision. "Su\ I
differ with him altogether. It is by tms provision
that the editors of country newspapers are enabled
to maintain a competition with those edited and
printed in the cities. Do gentlemen forgetthat the ^
true conservatism of our country is to bp found in
rural life? that great cities are great and corroding
ulcers on the body politic?—great generators of
moral nuisance to pollute and corrupt with their
foul contagion all t]ie avenues of moral and politi-
cal communication? Do they forget thai newspa-
pers are cheap in proportion to the employment of
capital, the power of machinery, and the conse-
quent numbers which can be issued in a given
time? Every country press must fall before such
an enactment. The city press will absorb and
destrov every country newspaper, and leave the
whole population to derive their current news from
the cities, where dense population and corrupting
influences uncinate all the destructive heiesies in.
the moral and religious, as veil as the political
world.
Sir, I protest pgainst a measure which is to ab-
stract the healthful influence, of a counhy popula-
tion from the formation of public opinion. And I
would here remark, that there can no evil befell
us more to be deplored, than that which many "
gentlemen seem to desire—a dense population, and
with it, the accumulation of human warns and
human miseries, together with the. long array of
detestable vices which uniformly attend it. The
agonizing cries of starving Ireland, the convulsive
tlnoes which disturb all Europe, the ominous pr*>
sages of the eruption of voicanic fires over the far*
of all the Old World, grow from the destitution,
the suffering, and the wants of a crowded popula-
tion—a plethora which must either find its cure in
atrophy or revolution. No, sir; I desire not to
be compelled to hear the barking of the dogs or
the crowing of the cocks of my neighbors. There,
is a sweetness and a freshness in the air which
blows from the fields anc^ forests nf a country
whose population is just devise enough for social
intercourse, and sparse, enough to prevent the
