578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
accumulation of human suffering, which is delight-
ful and refreshing.
And when gentlemen mourn over the emigration
from the plantation States," I would remind them
that it ia wealth which causes emigration from
them, whilst it is poverty and distress which causes
the population of manufacturing and commercial
districts to leave the sccnes of their early associa-
tions, and peek homes not invested with the hor-
rors of want and privation. I desire to see no
proud cities rear their steeples or display their pal-
aces in the rural State which 1 in part represent.
I desire not to see her stricken down by a heart
disease—to see her pure, moral, and excellent
country population subsidized and controlled by
the force of concentrated wealth and population
in a few overgrown cities.
There are those who emigrate from my own dis-
trict either in pursuit a more extended field for
the employment of thWvcalth accumulated there,
or others whose increasing families invite them to
the enterprise and advantages of a new country.
"Whilst I part with many of them with regret, I
bid them God speed in their journey. I see no
sources of that accumulation pass unobserved.
The letters and mailable matter which leave the
agricultural States pay nothing where they start,
but are paid at the north and the sotrth, charged
to the writer, and return, with a profit charged
upon them, in the shape of advance in price for
the goods which were ordered.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] has
most fully exposed the fallacy of.this doctrine, by
the simple interrogatory—Does New York pay
the money into the custom-house which is collect-
ed in the-shape of duties? But, sir, this is but one
of manjrof the evidences that we have*fallen upon
evil times. The old plantation States have parted
with their broad domain—new States have come
into the family; and, with anything but delicacy,
they taunt and reproach the brothers from whom
they have sprung. Shall the claims of those States
who do not pay into the post office an amount
sufficient to defray ail the expenses of the trans-
portation of the mail within and through them be
disregarded, and the actual facilities be limited to
the actual receipts? Should this be the oase, you
would see immediately an awful falling off where
evidence of decline, but a demonstration of energy ii now the most is received. The business and the
and enterprise, in such a sp'rit. I am far from
admitting that a dense population is the favorite
scene for the showing ou t the high points of hu-
man character. There is a freshness and a vigor
in the purity of rural life, which gives to society
perpetual youth, the highest moral and social de-
velopment, unsurpassed by the worthless accom-
paniments which grow up in artificial society.
The country newspaper press, with its limited
number of subscribers, cannot stand before the
cheapness of those city publications, and they
must of necessity disappear under the additional
advantage which the latter would acquire under
this amendment. lean never consent to see the
primitive and healthful purity of our rural people
assailed and destroyed by the pestilential influence
of a city press—:a press which caters to the worst
of passions, perverting a good taste, and introdu- !
cinga low standard of morals and of thought. No,
sir; we need our country newspapers for local
news, advertisements, and, above all, for the dis-
cussion of matters relating; to our State policy and
our State institutions. They should be fostered
' and i^ot destroyed. To the population of the coun-
try we must look for that healthy restorative which
•will sustain our institutions, and preserve our
purity. This may be a matter of taste, but I
prefer for a nosegay the bright and fragrant wild
flower—the ornament of the forest or the field,
which has only been shone upon by the sun, and j
* kissed but by the dew drop—to the gaudiest bow- !
quet which was ever gathered from a city garden, I
Gentlemen tell os—and f regret to say it, a gen- ;
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Goggix]—that Vir- I
ginia and North Carolina and the old plantation <
States are the beneficiaries of the Government— \
literally on the parish for post-o/Hce privileges; '
that they receive greatly more from the treasury '
for this accommodation than they pay. He sneaks
of New York, and of New Orleans, and other ,
great commercial depots, as the points which sus- :
tain the expenditures of the departments, and the i
intermediate States as the paupers who feed on the .
public bounty. How exceedingly unfair! Vir-
ginia,North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia '
are the great thoroughfares over which the northern
and southern mails pass daily to their destination,
bearing the material out of which these contribu-
tions are made. The contractors' salaries and
other expenses over these States are charged to
them, and the northern and southern cities are
credited with the proceeds." As well might he
charge the occan with the expenses of navigation, i
and credit the cities on each side with the freights !'
and the profits. Did you, s:r, ever see the toils
paid on the middle of the bridge? The toii-gates i
are on either side of the stream. I know, sir, !i
that the mail routes from the most remote parts of \\
these'States bring in their scattered commumca- \\
lions to the great line of communication, and that, h
in going and returning, the postage and the profits j
are concentrated at either end of the line. A preat :
commerce would cease with the means of commu-
nication, and the first agonizing cry would be from
those who now boast that they pay all the postage.
No, sir; I trust that no gentleman is willing to
cm tail the luxury as well as the conveniences of
the most extended mail facilities to our whole peo-
ple. None, I hope, will deny to the most retired
of our people the pleasure of communication with
their fellow-men, that intercourse of heart and
feeling which makes us one family and one people.
I desire to see every hamlet and cottage in our
country-within a few miles of a post office, where
letters and papers and periodicals may prevent,
by their kindly influence, a fcciing of isolation and
individuality; and whilst the power of steam is
speeding theprogiess of communication, that all,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific shores, may enjoy
the benefits on equal terms; that the city and the
the magnetic wires to every obscure post'route and
every portion of our country. From San Fran-
cisco to New York—from the Rio Grande to the
St. Lawrence, the pulsations of commercial cities
shall be sensibly and almost instantaneously felt in
every portion of the Confederacy. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts was himself compelled
to recommend an expedient for the franking privi-
lege—the furnishing of stamps by the Government,
This, sir, is not as economical, and is more com-
plicated than the present mode of franking, and
could in no wise add to the actual revenue of the
department. I prefer the present mode. I agree
with the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb], in
reprobating the doctrine that the leceipt of revenue
from the post office at certain points indicates any
| right to claim that the amount ought to be credited
• as evidence of a right to increase such facilities to
! those -in that region, or that the smallness of
! amount collected in other States is any evidence
; that they do not contribute their full share to the
/money raised. The plantation States are the plum*
t dered producers, and the commercial correspond^
1 ence is towaids the points of commercial destina-
i tion. It comes out of them, though nominally
, paid by the merchant or factor.
! Sir, the Post Office Department 'is for the use of
all the people of all the States—for their conve-
nience, and not as a tax-gatherer. I will not en-
large on its benefits omts indispensable necessity,
as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Pal-
frhy] has, with peculiar felicity, illustrated both
of those propositions. From it the people receive
more of immediate profit and advantage than from
any other disbursement of the public moneys. It
does not indeed run in such a stream of public
bounty as that which is poured out upon officials
and favorites, but falling'everywherehke the dew,
it is, like the dew, always welcome and refreshing.
I have submitted these remarks, in order that
my position may be understood. I am for the
reduction of letter postage, and the continuation
of the franking privilege. I am for the relin-
country press,.affording a choice according to the 1 quishment of the postage on all newspapers for
line of their ;■ the space of thirty miles around their office of
fancy of their readers, may each, in the
respective enterprises, have a free and open field for
competition
publication; and I am in favor of this regulation,
   because I desire that the country should be kept
TKe;e is another portion of the amendment j; from being subsidized by the cities. I am for
which I cannot approve. 1 allude to the abolition .! going into it by degress, and submitting the mat-
of the franking privilege. This, sir, is not a privi- j: tcr to the results of experience, from year to year,
lege, but a burden, to the membeis of Congress. I till we shall have reached that point which will
speak for my constituents and not for myself. The be found to be in all respects the most practicable
duties imposed on a^fepresentative by this right !| and equa;
; are extremely onerous ^md inconvenient, but, sir,
, equally important to our .constituents. The means
of communication between us and them should not
! be taxed with postage. All of them, from the most
; enlightened to the humblest, have a right to know
what we are doing. The political history of the
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, demanded
the previous question.
There was a second. And the main question
was ordered to be now taken.
The SPEAKER said the first question would
be on the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
Mr. ASHMUN asked the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Goggin] to withdraw his motion to
commit.
Mr. GOGGIN, in reply, proceeded to remark
that he did not see how he could attain his ob-
ject-
convex mirror condenses the rays of light "to a !• the treasury come to the aid of a system, which,
country is learned in a great measure from the doc- ;! chusetts, [Mr. Palfuey,] to amend the instruc-
uments and speeches seijt them by the members |i tions
of Congress; and if we find the duty too severe,
there is usually no difficulty in finding some com-
petent person in each district who will undertake
the task. I could not, for their sake**, consent
to this provision. They are t'-ie tax-payers, and
are entitled to receive back a portion of what they
pay. Their letters on business must be directed
to their representatives, and the tax of postage for
the letter or the reply is manifestly wrong.
There can be no greater mistake than that it
ought to be a fundamental principle in our man-
agement of this department, that it should at all
events support itself—be a self-supporting institu-
tion. As well might we require the navy to sup-
port itself by piracy, or the army by plunder, or
our courts by taxation, or the claimants and par-
ties to the suits. Neither arm of our Government h
is of more importance than the Post Offrce—the jj
absence of neither would be more painfully felt, j!
As well might it be demanded of us to serve without j.
compensation. No, sir, I am not an advocate of',
such a proposition. 1 am for cheap postage—not
such a rapid or radical reduction as would endanger '
the success of the experiment, but a prudent and
gradual reduction, which would by its" resources :■
id much in the support of the department, and let
burning focus; and the superficial observer does
not remember that tnose rays, whose heat was |
scarcely felt, by this process produce the fire which
glows before him: so the attraction at either end
of the great mail rout! concentrates all the ecat-
terfd elements of revenue and profit, and the
like the lipht of the sun, should shine equally on
all. " .
The time is rapidly coming, sir, when the lowest
rate of postage will be more than sufficient to de-
fray all the expenses; when the news from markets
and tidings from absent friends shall radiate from
The SPEAKER interposed, and said that de-
bate was not m order.
Mr. GOGGIN withdrew his motion to commit
with instructions.
Mr. CLINGMAN inquired of the Speaker
whether it was in order for the gentleman to with-
draw the motion to~ commit after the previous
question had been ordered ?
The SPEAKER said it was in order to with-
i draw, but not to modify.
Mr. SAWYER moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was rejected.
The SPEAKER, stated the question to be on
the amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Ashmun.]
Mr. GOGGIN mquired if it was in order to
move an amendment?
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. STEPHENS moved that the House ad-
journ; which motion, by ayes 5], noes 67, was
re'octed.
Mr. GOGGIN having withdrawn his motion to^
commit with instructions, Mr. Pai,frf.?'s amend-"
raent fell.
Mr. SAWYER inquired whether it would be
in order for him -to move that there be a call of the
House ?
