184m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER said it would not, the previous
cjuestion having been ordered. The amendment
of the gentleman front Massachusetts [Mr, Ash-
mrn] te the amendment of the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] was first in order.
Both amendments were again read.
Mr. COLLA.MER suggested a modification-
Mr. TOOMBS objected.
The yeas and nays were asked on the amend-
ment of Mr. Ashmen, but were refused.
Tellers {Messrs. Rockwell, of Connecticut,
and Wentworth) were appointed.
And the question being taken, the vote stood—
ayes 61, noes 62. " |i
' So the amendment was rejected. jl
The question then recurred on the amendment :
of Mr. Dixon. j
On the call of Mr. COBB, of Georgia; it was j
again read.
Mr. GREELEY asked the yeas and nays
thereon.
Mr. COLLAMER moved that the bill be laid .
«pon the table.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered on
that motion.
And pending the question—
On motion of Mr. BURT, the House adjourned.
1 relation to the claim of Mary D. Wade were or-
i 4ered to be withdrawn from the files of the Senate.
| REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
I Mr. BORLAND, from the_Oomraittee o$ Public
1 Lands, reported a bill for ihe relief of the widow
i and heirs of Dr. H. Perrine.
j On motion of Mr. D1X, the Senate proceeded
i to consider the bill.
! After some discussion, in which Mr. BOR-
LAND, Mr. YULEE, and Mr. WESTCOTT
took part—
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the further considet-
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and reierred:
By Mr. TURNER . Petitions of a great number of citizens
of tlie State of Illinois, praying a donation of public lands to
aid said Statft in Ihe construction of railroads. Also, tite
petition 01 John Bolandes and others, praying for a mail
route
ation of the bill was postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. BREESE, from the_Committee on Public
Lands, reported the bill to amend an act entitled
I "An act to provide for the punishment of offences
! committed in cutting, destroying, or removing
' live oak, and other timber ot*> trees, reserved for
, naval purposes," approved 2d March, 1831rwith-
! out amendment, with a recommendation that it do
i not pass.
j Also, from the same committee, reported the
i bill to cede to the State of Alabama the lands un-
! so'id in that State belonging to the United States,
; and remaining unsold after the 1st day of May,
i 1848, and for other purposes, without amendment,
I and with a recommendation that it do not pass.
| Also, from the same committee, reported the bill
for the relief of Samuel J. Bayard, late receiver of
j public moneys at Fairfield, Iowa., without amend-
: ment, and with a recommendation that it do nnt
pass.
i Also, from the same committee, made an adverse
report on the petition of S. Woods, of Missouri,
flflvfotn m intno1 K  *I l* 11 PCPfl 111 i 1 fft-m S 3 find
By Mr. St. JOHN: The petition of William H.Hart, and i| asking certain mining privileges ill California and
other citizens of VValden, Orange county, New York, pray- |; J^ew Mexico.
ing Cora reduction of postage, and the abolition of thelr«wfc- j from tj,e game committee, reported House
bill granting a half section of land for the use of
         ^ schools, within fractional township nineteen south,
saffc ot a law 10 picvent the tian>p6rt<itjnn of the mail, tne 0f rano-e eighteen west, county of Lowndes, Mis-
j.l    C- „ A*,,'*? «hA AL,i ^ i , J 1 I• 
sibsippi, without amendment, and recommending
its passage.
Also, from the same committee, reported House
bill for the relief of Elisha Hampton and others,
without amendment.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported House bill to authorize the coin-
age of twenty-dollar and one-doilar gold pieces at
the Mint of the United States, with an amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported House bill for the
relief of Captain Alexander McEwen, without
amendment, and recommended its passage,
Mr. BALDWIN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported House bill for the relief of Mary
Buck, without amendment.
Mr. YULRE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Mary Wilkinson and of the heirs of William Flan-
igan and William Parsons; and also an^ adverse
report on House bill for the relief of William Tee;
of Portsmouth, Virginia.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committ"? on .Military .\fiairs he in-
stinoted to inquire into the rxji^dit'iicy^of granting to each
non-comim^pioncd oiiicer. musirMii, and private, or the
heirs of tho-e who have die'S, who were in acmul sen ice
six months 01 nior« s'i the army of 'he United Strifes, or
vo!u it<jfM-*, or mounted ransi-rs (iur.i.j!, the war of 1812 with
Gieat Britain, a Quantiiv 01 land u-c faounty, not exceeding
ISO acres.
Mr. BREESE also submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the (Joinu.'U^e «n Naval Affaiis he in-
«tMteted to uujuire into ihe e.xpodiency of granting three
months' extra pay to all the officers, warrant and petty
officer*, ordmaiv seamen, landsmen, and maime?, engaged
in actual -ei\ ice, in the war with Mexico, m the Gull of
Mexico and Pacific Ocean, and adjacent coast.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
was considered and
ing for a reduction of postage,
cngpuvilege.
By Mr. MILLER: The petitfon of William Steel, and 81
othersj-ciu^ens of Richland county, Ohio, praying the pas-
sage ot a law 10 pievent the tiai^portation of the mail, tne
delivry of letter*, &.C., on the fiist day of the week* AKo,
the petition of'Robert Wilson and 40 others, citizens of said
comity, for the s-arne object Also, the petition of James Coe
"and 23 other?, t ui^cns of said county, for the same object.
Also, the petmon of Sarah J. White, and 36 other ladies of
ihe said county, for the same object.
By Mr. SVliTH, of Illinois.: Th« memorial of Thomas
Philp and a iarg.-: number of other citizens of said iSratc,
piavinjz a donation of land to aid in the construction of a
railroad connecting the uppei and lower Mississippi river
with Uve n«ith< rn lakes at Chicago,
iiy Mr JENKINS: The petitton of the inhabitant* of
Tienton, One;d \ county, New York, foi cheap postage, and
to abolish the Wanking privilege.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Joseph Gaulding
and bixty others, citizens of Essex acd Clinton counties,
New York, praying tor a revwon of the laws rela'mg to
the encouragement of ihe tttelul art", and for a modification
of the law-*, to secuie to inventors the benefits of their
discovei ie«, &c.
Br Mr. NIOOLL: The m&moual of James Harper, Win.
B. Ciosb), and othei.-*, of the city of New York, for the im-
mediate removal of the very dangerous otatructions to the
mvigation <tf fjurl Gate channel, m the haibor ot New York.
By Mr. PALFREY: The petition of Chaiies Davenpoit
and tbiity-seveu others, mostly of Cambridge, Massachu-
setts, praying for a revisal and amendment of the patent
*aws* . . . -
By Mr. LEFFLER: The petition of sundry citizens of
^Muscatine, county, Iowa, praying ihe passage of a ia\v for
the reduction and uniformity of postage.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 22, 1848^ 
Mr. WEBSTER presented a petition from citi-
zens of Springfield, Massachusetts, asking for an
amendment of the patent laws; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Oliice.
Mr. DAViS, of Mississippi, presented a peti-
tion from the commissioned oinccrs of the third
re^iijient of artillery, asking that the non-commis-
sioned officers and privates of that regiment may be
placed on tire same footing as to certificates of merit
with the enlisted men of the army-, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. F1TZPATR1CK presented a petition from
Perry E. Brochus m behalf of certain^ officers, j! following resolution; which
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates
of the marine corps, who served in the late war
with Mexico, asking that they may be allowed
extra pay and bounty land; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented joint resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of the State of New
York, in favor of the adoption of measures for car-
rying out a resolution of Congress authorizing the
erection of a monument to General Nicholas Her-
kimer, an officer m the revolutionary army; whi.cn
were ordeied to be printed.
On motion of Mr, STURGEON, the papers m
«jTeed tot
Bciolvvl, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed to
communicate to the Senate a copy of the official icpoit ot
Caotiun Mervine, of the Tinted States navy, ulanve to the
haUie of Santa Ciaia.and the subsequent surrender of the in-
surgents to i!«e force* under the command oi Captain \S ard
Mats-ton, oi the United States manne eoips, winch resulted
in the quelling of the insurrection in North California. And
al-o a copv oi the coiie<«vmdenee between the>aid CapUin
Me. vine and Captain Ward MnMon, Kgetimr with a copy
of t!jr -reneral order iby Captain M^rvme on the letum
of tilt oxped'tion of Yeiba Buena, Cali'mma.
Mr. CLARKE submitteil the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office amt Post
Utoad* be instructed to inqnire whether the contract mads
with Ed. Mills by the Postmaster -General, for the iransport--
ation ot the mail between the United States and firemen*
under the authority of the "Act to provide for the transport- -
ation of the mail between the United States and foreiga
■countries,'' approved 3d March, 3£45, has been executed
according to us terms by said Mills; and whether it is expe-
dient to continue said contract beyond the period of five
yews, to which it i  now limited by its terms.
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following iesohi 
tion, which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate whether additional rooms
are needed for the u.se of the Government, for She safe cus-
tody of its archives, and tor the transaction of business con-
nected with the several departments; and whether, m Ins
opinion, the building on the corner of F and I7th streets,
belonging to William H. Winder, id suitable for such pur-
poses; and whether it is expedient f<u>urchase said building^
if the same can be had for a rcasonaWe price.
Mr. ATHERTON submitted the following-:
Resoled, That the Seiiat^.will to-day take a recess from
4 p. m, until *i, p. iti.
Mr. DOUGLAS submitted the following reso-
lution, which lies over:
Resolved, That hereafter the hour of meeting of the Sen-
ate shall be eleven o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid befprethe Senate
a report from the Secretary of the Treasury in re-
lation to the warehousing system.
On motion of Mr. DIXS
Ordered, That it be punted, and that 30,000 additional
copyjs be furnished tor th« use of the Senate.
| NEW TERRITORIES.
1 Mr. WEBSTER. -I beg to call the attention of
the Senate for five minutes to a paper which I wish
to lay on the tnble of the'Senate. The Senate has
been engaged now for some -days in discussing the
very important question of the present state and
condition of the newly-acquired territories of the
United States, and of the necessity of some provis-
ion immediately being made for the government
of these territories; and we llaxe given some con-
sideration to the kind of government it is expedient,
bearing in mind the urgency of the cass, and the
approachingend of this session of Congress, to form
| for them.
I I have heard, sir, with respect and attention, the
j sneechesof honorable Senators who have ad dressed
'■ the Senate on this important question; and I have
J read carefully the propositions which have been
! made m the form of proposed amendments to the
■ bill now before the Senate. To these amendments
I; there seems to be objections, arising os well from
]' the manner in which the subject has been intro-
d-uced, in the way of amendments to this bill, as
from the character of the propositions themselves.
I wish, sir, at as early a moment as may be con-
venient, to suggest m a precise form what appears
to me to be the most expedient course to pursue at
the present moment in regard to the Territories of
California and New Mexico. • If it be the opinion
of tfie Senate that, considering the circumstances
of the case, some provision for the government of
these territories may with propriety, or from ne-
cessity, be adopted in the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, I shall offer the paper I hold in
my hand as an amendment to that bill; but if the
sentiment of the Senate shall be that any hill rela-
| ting to Calforma shall be considered as a separate
| measure, then this paper will sv.^gest wiiat, in my
; judgment, is the most pi'dcucd'oie and reasonable
course now to be adopted. I do not propose to
I prolong any discussion on this bill. My puipose
; is to have" the paper which I hold in my hand
| printed. I ask that it may be read and prin'ted.by
j way of amendment to the bill now before tlieSen-
, ate, or as a substitute for it.
I The Secretary read the paper as follows, and it
i was ordered to be punted:
:i That the President of the United States he, and he hereby
1 i<i authorized to hold pns-ses-sion oi and oecup> the iernto-
! vies o! California and Sew Mexico, eedi tl t.y Me.xico to the
i; Un ited State* tiy the treaty of the 2d of I'ebaiary. eiohtef n
1 handled and foity-esghti andtl.athe he authors, d for tnat
; purpose and m ordei to maintain the aiithoriroi Ihe tinned
j1 ai.ll preserve peaeu and oruer m said i erritorie^, to
I] smell pirtsof the aimv andnavj ol the CniUd Slate3
a,- be may deem necessary.
S"C ■>;*iniheiljurlherenacted, Thai until the esp.ralion
oftiie tie-it session oi Ooinsress, unless Congress shall sooner
niovirfe lor the government ot s-aict Te: inones, the e\i-tirig
l.uvs theieof «hall he maintained and < bieivecl: and thattlie
e'ni'l mid judicial autiiontirs, lieretott.i- es.icis.it in taid
1 Tt-rnforn-s. shall he vested m, and < xerei-ed by, such person
! o" person-, as the President ol the United State.-si,al! appoint
j and diieet, to the end tnat the lnliat'itantsot said Terntoues
\ may he protected m the full and siee eajoj.nent ol their
i liberty, pioperty, and religion: i'roadcJ, i:ei,-eit/e;e>s, That
