580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
martial law shall not be proclaimed or declared in said Ter-
ritniietf, or either of them, nor any military court established
or instituted, except ordinary eouits-martia! for the trial of
persons belonging to the army and navy of the United States.
Szc. 3 JlnA be U further enacted. That the sftmof 
thousand dollars be, and the same hereby is, appropriated for
the purpose of carrying these provisions into effect, to be paid
out of any moneys in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DAYTON. As the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has offered a bill connecting itself with the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and in view
of the exigencies of California at the present time,
and the want of a proper government for that coun-
try, I would present an amendment in like manner,
•with a view simply of having it printed, merely
observing that it is a copy substantially of the acts
which gaveauthoritv to the President of the United
States to govern^ne Territories of Florida and
Louisiana, and is in accordance with those prece-
dents heretofore established.
The Secretary read the^amendment as follows,
and it was oidered to be printed:
That, until the end ofthe first session of the next Congress-,
unles-- other p^ovit-io/} for ihe go\ernme,nt of the teiritorie*.
recent!}' acquired fmm Mexico, under the late trealy with
th&t Government, fdatfd ?eeond February, eighteen hundred
and Icrty-ei^iU.) '-e sooner made by (Jongie?-s, all the nwJi-
fcuy, < i v.l, and judicial powers exercised by the 0fnc<'rh0f the
"exiting covermnent of the same territories mijiII be vested
in f-'ich peison or persons,and "hail he exercised in such
marmpr n* the President of the United States shall direct for
the maintaining the inhabitant# of •'aid territories in the free
enjoyment of tiioir liberty, property, and reliyion; and the
la\v>of the United States, relating to the revenue and its
collation, shall Ho extended to said territories. And the
Pse-^detif of the T'mted States shall he, and he is hereby, au-
thorized, within the term aforesaid, to establish such distncts
for the collection of the revenue, and dunnptho recess of
Congress appoint such officers who^-e commitions shall
expii" at th'' end of the next he^sion of Congiess, to enforce
the «a;d laws, as to him shall seem expedient: said officers
to receive' rich compen^.itioa a-s th." President may pu-scnbe,
nor exceeding doable the compensafion hereto'ore paid to
similar officers of the ^f;>ie«, or it< territories, for
like service; and to enr<b'e the same to he done, the sum of
two hundred thou-ann dollars be appropriated, out of any
money in the treasury f-ot otherwise appropnatcd.
ARMS FOR EMIGRANTS TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. MASON moved to postpone the prior
orders with a view to take up-the joint resolution
reported some days since from the Military Com-
mittee, to authorize the Secretary of War to fur-
nish arms and ammunition to persons emigrating
to the Territories of Oregon, California, and New
Mexico, on certain conditions.
in answer to a question from a Senator, Mr.
MASON said, that by this joint resolution, it was
proposed to authorize the Secretary of War to
furnish arms to those who emigrate to California,
they paying for them.
Mr. DENTON hoped the motion would not be
agreed to. He should be sorry to say over again
in the Senate what he had already said in commit-
tee on the resolution. This Government ought
not to be ptddjmg arms to anybody; it should
either give them or not part with them at all.
Mr. RUSK said the individuals for whose use
these arms would he granted, if this resolution
should pass, were going to California by the invi-
tation of the Government to settle there, and arms
were necessary for their defence. They were to
travel over land to that country; and, as it was
important that we should have an overland route,
it was* important to afford facilities and means of
defence to emigrants-, for, as they traveled through
the unsettled parts of the country, they-would
doubtless make valuable discoveries respecting the
way thither. There was a propriety in obtaining
arms from the Government of the United States, ;
because there was a large amount "on hand at the
various arsenals absolutely wasting away, and por-
tions of which, every year or two, were sold by
the Government. For these and some other rea-
sons which he gave, he hoped the resolution would
bej'gieed to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone the prior orders, that the resolution
might be taken up, and it was agreed to. The
resolution was accordingly taken up for consider- |
' ation. :
- At the request of Mr. MASON, the report of j
the committee on this subject was read. |
_Mr. WESTCOTT moved to strike out the pro- j
viso, which provided that the emigrants should '
pay for the arms they should receive. He wished ;
them to be given absolutely, if furnished at all. j
# After a few words from Mr. DAYIS, of Missis- !
sWb the amendment was rejected. |
The' resolution was then reported to the Senate, |
was ordered to be engrossed for a thiril reading,
and was read a third time and passed.
NOTICE OF A JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice that he would
to-morrow, or on some subsequent dary, ask leave
to introduce a joint resolution to amend theCon-
stitution of the United States.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. ATHERTON moved to postpone the prior
orders, and to take up the followingresolutionjsub-
mitted by him on the 20th instant:
Resolved, That the resolution setting apart Thursday of
each week for the consideration^!'private bills be, and it is
hereby, rescinded.
The question being put, it was decided in the
negative—ayes 17, noes 25.
JAMES Y. SMITH.
On motion of Mr.'BALD WIN, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider a bill for the relief of James Y. Smith.
The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whole, and was ordered to a third reading, and
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
merchant's caravan in an enemy's
country.
The Senate considered, as in Committee of the
Whole, the hill for the relief of Manuel X. Har-
mony, which had been reported from the Com-
mittee of Claims with an amendment, proposing
to insert, after the word " wagons," the words
" and other property."
Mr. BRADBURY desired some information
respecting this claim, and suggested that the report
of the committee should be read.
Mr. YULEE thought the chairman of the com-
mittee could give a succinct narrative that would
be more intelligible than ihe voluminous report.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the petitioner
was engaged m a trading expedition to Santa Fe
and the northern provinces of Mexico, having a
number of wagons, mules, and a quantity of mer-
chandise. He was a citizen of the State of New
York, and had never been engaged in an expedi-
tion of this kind befoie, and of course was unac-
quainted with the difficulties attending it. He left
Missouri for Santa F6 before intelligence of the
war reached there, and thus had no knowledge of
the declaration of war till some time afterwards.
After traveling some three hundred miles, he was
overtaken by a detachment of United States troops.
They ordered him to march in the rear of that de-
tachment to Santa Fe. «^fter being detained at
Santa Fe for some time, he and others were per-
mitted to depart for the northern provinces of New
Mexico with their merchandise. They had pro-
ceeded to a point near the Rio Grande, where the
i whole company halted for a time, in order to learn
I the condition of the country, and whether it would
I be safe to enter Mexico, and whether they could
| find a market for their goods. A gentleman who
came from Mexico told him that he would be
allowed to enter Mexico and sell his merchandise.
The traders were about to avail themselves of this
news, when they were overtaken by Colonel Don-
iphan and his command, and the petitioner was
ordered to go with him to Chihuahua. The letter
which he presents shows that Coionel Doniphan
wanted to avail himself of the services of these
i traders, in case he should meet a superior force.
He wished also to have the advantage of their
wagons, which would be used as fortifications on
the plain, if they were attacked. He wanted also
to prevent the Mexicans from having the benefit
of the merchandise. The petitioner formally pro-
j tested against being thus impressed and forced to
i accompany the troops.
| It appears, however, that under this protest he
I was compelled to join the command of Colonel
j Doniphan, and that the Colonel proceeded to or-
I ganize the teamsters and others under appropriate
• commanders, and to make them a part of his armed
| force. And, further, that in the action which Col-
! onel Doniphan had, these teamsters not only fought,
| but that the wagons were made to furnish a mask,
' as it is called in military phrase, to his command,
j It appears, also, that a number of his mules were
j taken and used for purposes of the transportation
of the artillery and wagons of Colonel Doniphan, '
and that many forced marches were made, so that |
when the mules arrived at Chihuahua they v/ere i
; broken down. On his arrival at Chihuahua the
! petitioner applied to Colonel Doniphan, and in-
I sisted that, as his mercantile expedition had been
broken up, he should take the property, and that
the Government of the United Statps should be
held responsible for the value of it. The Mexican
Government treated the property as goods brought
in under the protection of an enemy, end declared
that those who purchased them should suffer the
penalty of the law. The letter shows also that
the petitioner applied to Colonel Doniphan for a
certificate, which he might employ in his appli-
cation to the Government of the United States
for redress. When Colonel Doniphan left Chi-
huahua for Saltillo, by order of General Taylor,
he offered to take the petitioner and his train with
him; but his mules were broken down, and so worn
out by forced marches that it was impossible for
him to reorganize them for a further march. He
had no alternative, then, but to abandon his prop-
erty altogether, or to make the best arrangement
he could for its safety. He accordingly placed
it in the charge of*the Spanish consul, subject to
the order of Colonel Doniphan. On that condi-
tion the goods were left when Colonel Doniphan's
command departed for Saltillo, considered by the
petitioner as public property, the value of which
was to be accounted for to him. The Govern-
ment of Chihuahua claimed that the properly had
been left there subject to the order of the United
States. It was to be held as property of the ene-
my, and subject to compensation accordingly; and
it was Eventually taken by the Government of Chi-
huahua, and converted to its use. The committee
are of opinion that the petitioner is entitled to re>
dress for the merchandise and mules, because it
was proved that not oniy was the property seized
by the officers of the Government, but against the
remonstrance of the petitioner. The amendment
is one which authorizes the Secretary to ascertain
the facts in the case, and the value of the mules
and goods, as well as the wagons. The petitioner
further claims for detention, at various times, by
orders of the officets of the United States. But
the committee were of the opinion that he could
not claim on this ground, because it was incident
to his expedition and his route. Now, the prin-
ciple involved is this: It is truly and properly said
that none have a ri«ht to trade with an anemy
in time of war. But it is shown that in this
case the petitioner had set out before he was aware
that war was declared, and thus had no knowl-
edge that hostilities had arisen. (lt was shown
further, that after he was on his* route and had
advanced two or three hundred miles, and when
overtaken by the troops of the United States, he
was permitted to proceed to his original destina-
tion and his original purpose without any pro-
hibition by those in command. When he arrived
at Santa Fe he \vas treated as others who are en-
gaged in lawful trade. The duties assessed on
others were assessed on him*, and the amount
received was paid into the public treasury; and
after that, by permission of the commanding gen-
eral, who was also civil governor, he was allowed
to depart without a question made to the contrary
for the purpose of going into the northern province
that he might there find a market. Thus permitted,
he was again overtaken by a new command, then
under Colonel Doniphan. His train, and all with
it, were forcibly taken possession of, and used for
military purposes on the march. Now, I appre-
hend it is clear thatwhere private property is seized
m time of war by a military officer for public pur-
poses, the owner has a ri^ht to claim its value from'
the Government; and by this bill the claim has
been cut down to the actu-al loss sustained.
After some remarks in opposition by Mr. BRAD-
BURY, the amendment was agreed to—ayes 19,
noes 13.
The bill was then reported as amended, the
amendment was concurred in,-and the bill was or-
dered to a third reading. The bill was then read
a third time, and the question being on its pas-
sage—
Mr. BRADBURY asked for the yeas and nays,
but the call was not sustained.
There was some further debate on the bill, in
which Mr. BRADBURY, Mr. CALHOUN, Mr.
DICKINSON, Mr. MASON, Mr. UNDER-
WOOD, Mr. NILES, Mr. WESTCOTT, Mr.
WALKKR, Mr. HALE, Mr. DOWNS, and Mr.
UPHAM took part. ^
Mr. NILES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the engrossment of the bill was agreed to;
which was negatived by ayes 17, noes 22.
The question on the passage of the bill was then
