584
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
gentleman if we had not, at this very time, an
army and a navy protecting that territory ?
Mr. McCLERNAND (the floor having been
further yielded) said he wished to submit this
question to his colleague, Whether, upon the prin-
ciple which he had predicated, that we had no
right to collect revenue in the ports of California,
for the reason that that people was not represented
in Congress, Congress would not be prohibited
in every case of a territory, even where we had
extended a government over that territory, from
collecting revenue in its ports r
Mr. TURNER replied, that he thought not.
He believed we had never had a territory in this
Government that was not entitled to representation
on this floor. He knew it might be said that the
representative was not entitled to a vote; but the
representative, or the 'delegate of the territory
here had'the right to bring the wants and the in-
terests of his territory before the Congress of the
United States, to present the claims of the teni-
tory, and, by his speeches and resolutions, to
urge the importance of granting the territory the
privileges and rights which they claimed. He
maintained, therefore, that all our territories had
heretofore had a representation on this floor.
In regard to the interrogatory of the gentleman
from Massachusetts: the gentleman inquired if
we had not an army and a navy hovering about
the frontier of that territory and protecting it? It
was true that we had an army and a navy that had
been employed but a short time since in conquer-
ing that territory, by which conquest that territory
had become annexed by treaty stipulations to the
United States. The condition of war had ceased;
a treaty of peace had been made; and in that treaty
of peace we had stipulated to protect the people,
and to allow them to come into the Union on an
equal footing with the other States. These were
the stipulations of the treaty: he asked, had we
carried out those stipulations? Had we afforded
that people any protection? %Vere we now afford-
ing them any protection? Did we allow them to
be heard on this floor? No. We placed ourselves
in precisely the attitude in which Great Britain
placed herself when she undeitook to tax these
colonies, and did not give them the right of repre-
sentation.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, (the floor hav-
ing been yielded) said, if he understood the gen-
tleman, he was doubly in error. The people of
the new territory were now taxed more than they
■would be under this bill. If he understood the
facts, no foreign government could send any of its
merchandise or produce into,the ports of Califor-
nia. The people of California could only receive
all they got of foreign merchandise through other
ports of the United States—could only receive such
foreign imports as weie first brought into New
York, New Orleans, and other ports of the United
States, thus paying the duty here, and the reship-
ment there. If this bill passed, they could icteive
foreign goods directiy, and instead of being doubly
taxed, as they now were, they would have to pay
but one rate of duty.
Mr. TURNER (icsuming) said he was very
much mistaken if the gentleman himself had not
fallen into a very great error. He had seen no-
tices in.the papers of shipments of goods from
England and from the South American States to
that country, and he had never heard that they
were denied entrance into those ports. He pre-
sumed that our army and navy would not under-
take to prevent foreign merchandise shipped from
foreign ports from entering the ports of California
until they had nome law or authority to do it.
Mr. BAYLY (Mr. T. having yielded at his re-
quest) desired the gentleman, in the remarks he
was making, to be good enougli to answer the
question, whether this bill was not nfilo de se? It
was not to go into effect until the 10th of March.
Under the Constitution, the President could make
no appointments during ^he recess except to fill
vacancies originating in the recess; but theie would
not be vacancies originating during the recess of
Congress. He asked the gentleman to inform
the House whether -the bill, then, was not a felo
de se?
Mr. TURNER replied, it appeared to him that
itwould.be nfilo de ae; for, as the gentleman from
Virginia had remarked, if the oiiice was created
not to commence until the 10th of March, and if
the Senate were not in session, appointments could
not be confirmed. He was opposed to the bill in
consequence of its having this feature. That, how-
ever, had relation to a different part 6f the subject
from that which he was now considering.
But he was more opposed to lecognizing the
principle by the action of this Congress, that we
had the right to tax a people before extending to
them a government—before allowing them to tie
represented.. It was in violation of the great prin-
ciple upon which all our institutions were based.
If we overthrew this-platform, we overthrew the
great principle upon which our Government rested;
we went back even beyond the feudal laws to ab-
solute tyranny, to absolute monarchy, and de-
nied to the people the light to participate "in the
benefits of the Government, while we taxed them
to support the Government in which they had no
interest.
This was the main ground of his opposition. He
placed it on the broad principle of right. We had
refused to grant to that people a territorial govern-
ment. Congress had had before it last year a bill
to afford them the protection which we had usually
extended to our territories; it was defeated. But
it would appear from the vote just taken , that while
we denied'the right of representation m Congress to
that people, we were going to tax them. He^vas
opposed to the measure from the beginning to the
end.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider; and it was ordered accord-
ingly.
The SPEAKER. The bill is already engrossed.
When shall it have its final reading?
Mr. WHITE moved now.
Mr. MEADE inquired of the Speaker ifit would
be in order to propose an amendment'1
The SPEAKER said, not after the bill had been
ordered to be engrossed.
The bill was then read a third time by its title;
and the question being "Shall this bill pass?"—
Mr. WHITE demanded the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for the reading
of the billjn full.
Mr. MEADE inquired of the Speaker whether
it was in order to move to recommit the bill?
The SPEAKER. Not until the previous ques-
tion has been refused.
Mr. HARALSON inquired whether a vote had
been taken dnectly on the question of epgrossment?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. HARALSON inquired if it was in order to
move a reconsideiation of that vote?
The SPEAKER explained that the motion had
already been made and disposed of.
Some conversation between the SPEAKER and
Mr. HARALSON followed
Mr. MEADE gi^ve notice of his intention to
move the recommitment of the bill, with instruc-
tion to add two sections; which he asked might
be lead for information.
Mr. YVENTWOIWH inquired if this was in
order ?
The SPEAIiEPw said not, if objection was made.
The sections could only be read by consent. The
Speaker also stated that it was not in order, after
the engrossment of a bill, to move to recommit,
with instructions. The gentleman could only
make a motion to recommit.
Some further conversation followed between Mr.
MEADE and the SPEAKER.
The bill was then read through.
The question recurred and was taken on the de-
mand for the previous question; and, by ayes 80,
noes 40, it was decided in the affirmative.
So there was a second.
And the main question (being on the passage of
the bill) was ordered to be now taken.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, asked the yeas and
nays on the mam question; which were refused.
Mr. GIDDINGS desired to inquire whether, by
the extension of the revenue laws, Congress did
not expressly extend the coastwise slave trade, as
authorized by the act of 1807?
The SPEAKER. That I cannot say.
The question "Shall this bill pass?" was then
taken. The affirmative vote was not heard; the
negative vote was 37.
And the bill was passed.
Mr. WHITE moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
And the motion was laid on the table.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved that the House
I proceed to the consideration of business on the
I Speaker's table.
The title of the bill having been read and agreed
to—
Mr. WHITE moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
It was ordered accordingly.
Mr. STANTON moved that the House adjourn.
The motion, by ayes 74, noes 77, was rejected.
The question recurring on Mr^ Wentworth's
motion—
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the general calendar.
And on that motion he asked the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
The question again recurred on Mr. Went-
worth's motion.
Mr. HARALSON moved that the House ad-
journ.
The affirmative vote was taken, and decided to
be 82.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked the yeas and nays;
which were ordered—and being taken, were, yeas
107, nays 80.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions and memorials were presented un
der the rule and referred:
 By Mr. DAN J EL : The memorial of Ehas Barnes, John
Batiain, Eiislia Pitman, Stephen Watson,and ]7n other per-
son*, piaying Congress to abolish ail Jaws and regulations
now in ovulation, whereby chaplains to the two Houses of
Congiess, for th« army and navy, arid other public station?,
are employed by the Government, and paid out of tbe public
tteasury, and whereby religioua school* are established,and
religious teaching einplojed therein at the public expense,
and that no mote laws be passed by Congress relative to
iciigion.
B3 Mr. DUER: The petition of Isaac I'aik? and others,
citizens of Madison county, New Yoik, praying for a reduc-
tion of the rated of postage. Also, the petition of G. W.
Henkle and others, praying for a modification of the patent
laws.
By Mr. McILVATNE: The petition nf V. D. Bernard, and
twenty-seven other inhabitants ot Chester county, Pennsyl- -
vania, piriymg that slavery may he prohibited in the terri-
tories acquired from Mexico; that it be abolished in the
District of Columbia, and all other places over which Con-
gress has exclusive jurisdiction ; and that no State shall
hereafter be admitted into tbe Union unless slavery be ex-
cluded therefrom.
IN SENATE.
Feiday, February 23, 1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States
transmitting a report from the Secretary of Slate,
in reply to a resolution of the Senate, containing
copies of the correspondence between the Depart-
ment and the Spanish authorities m the case of
William Henry Bush, a citizen oftheUnited States,,
imprisoned m Cuba; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIAL S.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition from citi-
zens of Ceresco, 111 theState of Wisconsin, asking
that the rates of postage may be reduced and the
franking privilege abolished; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. KING presented a memorial from William
A. Campbell, surviving partner of James C. Wat-
son, deceasecffasking indemnity for loss sustained
by the refusal of the officers of Government to
surrender certain slaves purchased by them from
theCieek Indians; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DICKINSON presented a petition from
James Hamilton and Rufus Schuyler, asking an
uppiopnation for the purpose of testing the merits
of a machine for sawing timber into curves and
levels, suitable for ship-building; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affaus.
Mr. FOOTfi presenteiamemorial from citizens
of Mississippi, asking a grant of land to aid in the
construction of the Mobile and Ohio railroad;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
the Board of Trade of Philadelphia, asking that
the coast-survey may be continued; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from citi-
zens of the United States residing in the valley of
the Mississippi, asking that military escorts may
be placed on the route between the valley and
California, and a permanent military post estab-
lished in some convenient part of the gold region;
