588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
=e, and leave to the testof time to decide whether
the°'views that I present are right or wrong.
I have stated a portion of the reasons why I
think these territories should not be erected into
States. I say further that I am not aware that
any large or respectable portion of the citizens of
California or New Mexico have come in here and
petitioned-Congress to be admitted as States. I am
not aware of the fact. But I conceive that the
people in 'any territory have a right, when a suffi-
cient number shall be there to organize a State gov-
ernment, to apply for admission into the Union.
And I ask my colleague [Mr. McClernand] and
those gentlemen who are in favor of the State
government, whether the people of New Mexico
or California have met in convention and resolved
to apply to Congress for admission? 1 know that
they have not. And until they do apply, it would
be an act of tyranny in us to force such a condi-
tion upon them.
The policy of our Government from its earliest
history to this time, has been to afford to our col-
onies or territories the protection of territorial
governments. We have not thrown upon them,
in their infant state, the burdens and expenses of
government, but we have taken them upon our-
selves. We first organized the Northwestern Ter-
ritory. From that territory sprung a great number
of territories which have since had the benefits
of territorial governments. Each new.settlement,
as it spread itself out into the wilderness, was
protected by a territorial government. So with
our acquisitions from France and Spain. Our
purchases from those Governments were also al-
lowed the protection of territorial governments. Is
there anything which should make California and
New Mexico an exception to the general rule?
Have they committed any crime that they, are not
to be entitled to the same rights, privileges, and
immunities which were extended to other infant
settlements? The people of that country are bone
of'our J>one, and flesh of our.fiesh ! They are our
fathers, brothers, and uncles ! Who is there on
this floor who has not friends or neighbors in that
country ? I appeal to this committee and to Con-
. gress to say, if they are willing to let the people
remain theie unprotected by a government.
Tiiis leads me to another branch of the subject
which I regard as of rather more importance than
anything 1 haveyetspoken of. I referto the subject
of slavery as connected with the great subject of
tlie Territories of California and New Mexico. I
speak from the book—I speak from positive knowl-
edge, when 1 say that a very large portion of the
members of this House, who are in favor of or-
ganizing these Territories into States at the present
time, are in favor of doing' so for the purpose of
avoiding this vexed question of slavery. When I
make this declaration, 1 speak what 1 know to be
the fact. Is it ri£;ht that we, under existing cir-
cumstances, should evade this question of slavery?
Is it right that we should skulk from it? Is it right
that we should dodge it in any way? I hold that
it is not. That great question is now before us.
It has been brought befoie us in the most imposing
form; and it is part of the duty of members of
Congress to meet it boldly and fearlessly; to settle
it, and, let the settlement cost what it may, I am
in favor of settling it. And my reasons lor this
opinion are various.
One of them is, that so long as the subject of sla-
very agnates the minds of members of Congress,
it will produce ill-feeling throughout the country.
It tends to array the North against the South, and
the South against the North, and therefore the
.counsels of wisdom are, that in some way or other
it should be settled. j
But there is another reason why I deem it of j
more importance that the question should he set- j
tied at this session of Congress. I allude to the-i
fact that the ill-fechng in relation to it has already
grown so high as seriously to threaten the perma-
nence of the Union. I know that this is rather a
cant phrase; and I know that it frequently creates
a ^friile when it is used. I know the answer to it.
The answer generally is: "Oh! such a thing can-
not be done; the Union cannot be dissolved." I
was, until a few months past, among the number
of those who believed so. I believed that no agi-
tation could endanger the stability and permanency
of the Government and of the Union. But recent
events hn>e convinced my mind that there is dan-
ger that this agitation may be carried so far as even
to sever the bonds of the Union. It is but a few
years since- that any individual who talked of a
dissolution of the Union, was thought little better
than a traitor. A man who would gravely stand
up on this floor, or anywhere else, and seriously
Speak of a dissolution of the Union as a thing that
could happen, would be regarded almost as an
enemy to the country. But now such an event
has become the subject of daily remark here.
Since I have had the honor of a seat on this floor,
there have been many members who have come
out boldly and fearlessly, and declared m then-
places that if such and such a thi g should come
to pass, they were ready and prepared to dissolve
the Union.
But this spirit has not stopped here. It has
gone further. One of the most imposing meet-
ings ever held in the United States—a meeting
.composed of the venerable, the aged, the middle-
aged, and young members of Congress, from a
large portion of the country, embracing half of the
States of the (Jnion, recently assembled within
the halls of this Capitol for Uie purpose of testing
the value of this Union. They met, I say, within
the halls of this Capitol for the purpose of pre-
scribing a limit beyond which they would not
suffer the Congress of the United States to pass.
I ask, then, is*it not time that the patriot and the
philanthropist should awake to the importance of
this subject?. Is it not time that they should
weigh it m all its length and breadth, that we may
see and know precisely how deeply this feeling of
hatred has taken root in the breasts of members of
Congiess and of the people of the nation ? We can
judge something of the magnitude of the event
to which i refer by the imposing address which
has been issued by that meeting—an address pre-
pared by no less enlightened a man than John C.
Calhoun—a man as illustrious in the annals of the
country as any other—a man whose intellectual
acquirements are not surpassed, if equalled, by
those of any other man in the country. The zeal,
the talent, and the energies of such a man, were
brought to bear in the formation of this address—
or perhaps, more properly speaking, it should be
called this declaration of independence. In it, the
grievances of the South for years are portrayed in
vivid colors, without any circumstance of pallia-
tion. In it are laid down all the aggressions which
could be charged against the North. And it winds
up by declaring that if such and such measures
should be enacted by Congress—if such and such
things should not be put a stop to in the United
States, they must resist. The address urges re-
sistance. Therefore, I say that it is time to take
this matter seriously in hand.
What are the main features of that address?
What position does the South take on the subject?
And what is the relation between the people of the
South and the people of the North in lelation to it?
How are we to act? Can we lotigeo act in unison?
Can the South act with the North, or the North
with the South, upon this great question of sla-
very? The fiist charge brought against the North,
in the line of aggression, is, the passage of the bill
commonly called the Missouri compromise. That
is marked as a starting point of aggression by the
North. But a very simple answer divests it of
very much of its force: the fact that a southern
man—a man who had been the leader of a great
party m the United States—was the author of that
compromise bill. It would appear to be a sufficient
answer to say, that Henry Clay, a southern man,
a man owning slaves himself,"was the author of
the bill. But if that were not so, the answer would
be found in the fact that the South itself had since,
by its votes m the Senate and in the House of
Representatives, adopted that line as the measure
by which they were willing to abide.
-Mr. KAUFMAN interiupted Mr. Turner. He
stated that if the gentleman had examined the
Journals of Congress in regard to the admission of
Missouri, he would have found that the,Missouri
compromise line, piohibiting slavery north of 36j°
of north latitude, did not originate unth Mr. Clay,
but that it was first introduced into the United
States Senate by Mr. Thomas, of Illinois, and
afterwards into the House of Representatives by
Mr. Storrs, of New York. There were two Mis-
souri compromises—one in regard to slaves, and
the other in regard to free negroes. After the Mis-
souri compromise' line had been established by
Congress, Missouri presented her constitution to
Congress, by one provision of whicli free negroes
were prevented from removing to that State. This
provision created tremendous excitement and op-
position. Mr. Clay (who was Speaker at the time '
of the establishment of the Missouri compromise
line, but on account of his absence at the -com-
mencement of the next session of Congress—his
place as Speaker being supplied by John W. Tay-
lor, of New York—resumed his place on the floor)
put himself at the head of a joint committee of
both Houses, and compromised the difficulty in re-
gard to this J)-ee negro provision, by inserting a
provision in the bill finally admitting Missouri,
that her admission should not be complete unless
she would previously insert in her State constitu-
tion the following piovision of the Constitution of
the United States, viz: " The citizens of each State
shall beehtitled to all privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several States." Missouri com-
plied, and her admission was consummated. Of
this compromise, Mr. Clay was* the author; but a?
far as the Journals show, he had nothing to do
with the Missouri compromise line in regard to
slavery.
Mr. TURNER resumed. I am aware that Mr.
Thomas, of Illinois, offered that proposition. I am
aware that paeans of glory have been sung to the
name of the illustrious Clay in the South and in
the North, as the author of that glorious compro-
mise. Why, the name of Clay is not unknown to
this Republic 1 The great glory of his life—that
upon which his friends have placed the greatest
stress—has been that he saved the Union at a crit-
ical moment. And I am told by a venerable mem-
ber near me, that the bill can now be found in the
handwriting of Mr. Clay, amongthe records of the
Senate. Democrat as I am, I am unwilling to shear
that illustrious man of one plume that he wears by
that deed. I am unwilling to rob him of his just
fame. Iam unwilling now, in the decline of his
life, after he has been laid on the shelf by his own
party, to pluck one plume from the cap of hia
fame.
I was remarking, Mr. Chairman, that the €>outh
itself had endorsed the Missouri compromise no
longer ago than last session. They were satisfied
with it then. They were satisfied with it until the
present winter, when it was put forth as a charge
of aggression upon the South by the people of the
North. I think this is a sufficient reply to the
grave charge brought against the people of the
North.
The next charge, and that one which has already
produced probably more ill-feeling than all the
others combined, one which addresses itself to the
interests and the pockets of the people of the South,
is brought forth" and expatiated upon. The North
is charged with a violation of the Constitution of
the United States, because they have ceased to aid
masters in recapturing their fugitive slaves. The
charge is gravely put forth that the North is in the
habit of pirating upon the South, and that the Con-
stitution was violated in that particular. Let me
state what I consider the constitutional provision
to be in respect to fugitive slaves. I had some
notes prepared, and some authorities also, which
it was my intention to have read. But I shall be
compelled to be absent from this House for a few
days; and I came to the House this morning un-
prepared with my papers. I must, therefore, speak
from memory. If I understand the clause of the
Constitution in respect to fugitive slaves, it is that
no person held to labor in one portion of the Union,
escaping into another," shall be discharged from
that labor, but shall be given up to the persons en-
titled to it. I quote the clause substantially, not in
its terms.
No w, under this clause, what is the manifest duty
of the North ? When a slave comes among'us, is
it our duty to take him up and advertise him as
we would a stray horse? Does the Constitution
require us to take a slave, or arjegro man, coming
into our territory, and take him back to the South
—to inquire who is his master, and to give him up
to him ? No such thing will be contended for by
thS most ultra pro-slavery party.
What is the ground of complaint? It is, that
we have not passed efficient laws in our States to
enable the owners of slaves to recapture them.
Does the Constitution require us to pass such
laws? Clearly not. I understand the provision
to be, simply, that we are to let the slaves alone;
that we are to have no part nor lot in slavery. The
provision of the Constitution respecting fugitive
slaves 
The SPEAKER informally resumed the chair,
