590
1HE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
" twenty-first rule," which hung like an incubue
upon this House tor many years. I allude to that
rule, because I consider it the base, the ground-
work upon which most of this slavery agitation
has been built up   If that weapon had not been
put into the hands of the Abolition party of the
North, Abolitionism would have died before it had
well been born. But a great right—one of the dear-
est and most sacred rights of the American citizen,
was trample^ upon; and the issue was changed
from Abolitionism to.the right of petition, and the
force of truth was with the party who maintained
the right of petition, and if gave them a power
which they never have had under any other cir-
cumstances. The whole issue was in consequence
of this state of things changed, and from being the
Abolition party, it had become the Liberty party;
and the Liberty party had grown from a handful
until it pervaded the entire North, and had more or
less strength in almost every section and Congres-
sional district of the North. And (to make use of a
quotation) have we been wanting in courtesy to
our southern brethren that they should thus revolt
against us? Why, has not a portion of the North
stood up like a wall of fire between the Abolition
party and the South ? Have not a portion of the
North planted themselves on the ground that the
South ought to have met them upon, and which
they have most signally failed to do ? Our doctrine
is what was originally the doctrine of the South—
that slavery is a local institution, and that we have
no right to interfere with it. So I regret that the
South has not stood by the Democratic party
upon that platform. But they themselves have
deserted us; they have attempted to roll the black
tide of slavery upon territories which are now
free, and they call upon us to assist them 111 that
unholy work, and many of our men have stood by
them until they have been cut down by the popular
resentment at home 
Here the hammer fell.
Mr. T. having concluded—
TVlr. McUOVVELL followed on the same sub-
ject, in a speech of surpassing power and elo-
quence, which riveted the attention of the commit-
tee for upvvaids of an hour and a half.
. When the hour allotted by the rules had ex-
pired, Mr. McD., by the unanimous voice of the
committee, was called upon to proceed. He did
so; and when he finally closed, a space of up-
wards of ten minutes elapsed, during which noth-
ing was done, and nothing could be done, so gen-
- e'ral did the indisposition appear to give attention
to anything else, and so intent were the members
in thronging upon Mr. McD. to congratulate him
upon the signal success of his effort. '[This speech
will lie published in n day or two.]
Ariength a motion was made that the commit-
tee rise; which having been agreed to, the com-
mittee rose and reported.
A motion was made that the House adjourn.
Rejected.
Propositions for a recess, &c., were made; and
the result was, that the House went back into
committee, for the purpose of allowing members,
who might desire to do so, to speak.
The debate was continued by Mr. PUTNAM.
Mr. MANN, of Massachusetts, next obtained
the floor, and addressed the comimttcc at length.
At the outset of his remarks, he submitted reasons
why the slave trade should be discontinued by
law in the District of Columbia. He referred, in
a spirit of condemnation, to the existence of slave
marts and slave pens in this District. If, like the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Thompson,] he had
no ta.ite for these things, he could not, like that
gentfeman, shut out from his mind the knowledge
of their existence. The fact of their existence,
arid of the existence of the slave trade in this Dis-
trict, could not bo winked out of sight.
The progress of moral feeling, favorable to the
emancipation of the slave, had not advanced in this
country, during the last fifty or sixty yeais, as it
-had in ciery other part of the civilized world.
Another fact would stand out in broad relief in
the history of this country, that, while even the
dark, infant republic of Liberia was making praise-
vvoi thy efforts to suppress the slave trade on the
coast of Africa, we were doing almost nothing in
that g reat work of the age.
There were other reasons which operated upon
bis mind in favor of a repeal of the slave trade and
slavery itse.f in this District. He appealed to gen-
tlemen from the South, to consider -Che impression
upon the mind of the northern man, arriving here
upon the business of the Government, and meeting
at once the revolting spe^acle of slavery. What
sacrifice co'uld it be to any gentleman from the
South, to give up this small tract of five miles
square to freedom? -It could be no sacrifice, com-
paratively, while it would be a thing which the
heart of every man would approve.
Some gentlemen asked him whether he would
elevate the black3-to a political and social equality
with the people of this Government? to which he
replied, that he would elevate them as fast as their
nature would rise; and when they became en-
lightened, it would then be time enough for the
people to decide whether they would make them
their associates.
In reply to the assumption of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown,] that the three
millions of Africans now in this country were hap-
pier for their slavery than were their cotempora-
ries or their ancestors in their native wilds, he said
that if their ancestors had ''remained at home, ac-
cording to the laws of population, not one of the
number which now compose the millions of Amer-
ican slaves would have been in existence. So that
all their sufferings here, and all the crime by which
their sufferings were inflicted, were only so much
added to the sufferings and the crimes of humam ty.
They existed here as a gratuity, and the country
had less power and less happiness on account of
them. But, admitting the argument of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, he would ask, was it an
argument which should satisfy the mind of a Chris-
tian man ? Suppose a fellow-being to be suffering a
hundred calamities, should a Christian man satisfy
himself with relieving only one of these calamities,
while ninety-nine of them remained untouched,
which might have been alleviated by him? Thus it
was with the boasted improvement of the African
race in this country. They had not only been left;
unimproved in their moral condition,in mostcases, '
but the means of such improvement had been with-
held from them, except m so far as the selfish
interest of the proprietor of the slaves might have
induced such improvement as would make the
human chattel of more value in the shambles and
under the hammer of the auctioneer.
He admitted, to some extent, that there were some
grounds for the charges which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania and the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. JV1cDowell] had made against Massachu-
setts, with reference to the support of the slave
trade, and regretted them; but he instanced the
present state of feeling m Massachusetts upon this
subject, which was a feeling of the most unani-
mous and unqualified condemnation, as evidence
of her progress in this lespect.
He referred, in this connection, to the fact, that
he had repeatedly received anonymous letters, en-
closing newspaper accounts of crimes committed
at the North, which were intended as a disparage-
ment of the moral influence and effect of northe'rn
institutions, as compared with the institutions of
the South. But the sense of fair argumentation
which he cherished upon this and upon all other
subjects, would not allow him to descend to recrim-
inations of such a character'.
According to his view of the constitutionality of
slavery in the District of Columbia, this institution
did not exist here by positive law, but by the force
of precedent and example." He proceeded to show
that slavery could not exist but by positive law.
When tl\e jurisdiction over slavery and slaves had
ceased to exist, it was the same as though the resi-
dence of the slaves had been changed to another
jurisdiction. It was sufficient for the freedom of
the slave if he pass out of a jurisdiction where sla-
very had been established, into a jurisdiction which
neverhad slavery, and never could establish it. This
was precisely the ca3c with slavery in the District
of Columbia. It was the same as though this
District, with all its inhabitants, had been ceded to
Pennsylvania or Massachusetts. He showed that,
under the Constitution, Congress could not estab-
lish slavery de novo; for " no man (it was provi- i|
ded in the Constitution) shall be derived of life, r
liberty, or property, without due process of law.''
«e also applied this argument against the alleged ji
\ver of Congress to establish slavery m the newly :!
acquired territories. He referred also to that pro- ij
vision of the Constitution which prohibits the crea- ji
lion of any title of nobility. What higher title of
nobility could any men desire than that which was
enjoyed by the southern slaveholder ? And while
he was elaborating this argument, the hammer
fell.
When Mr. MANN had concluded' his hour—
Mr. MGREHEAD obtained the floor, and ex-
pressing his desire to be heard upon the general
subject of slavery in the territories, he moved that
the committee rise; which was agreed to.
So the committee rose and reported no conclu-
sion.
Mr. EDWARDS, from the select committee on
the patenting of compound medicines, to whom
was referred the memorial of T. G. Morton, made
a report in writing thereon; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. ROCKWELL, of
Massachusetts, at ten minutes past five o'clock,^
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under the
rule, and referred:
By Mr. DARLING: The memorial of sundry masteis of
steamboat-- and other vessels riavigatmg the gieat western
lakes, puiying for the passage ot sucii laws as may be neces
sary to compel steamboats and vessels in said navigation to
carry and bliow proper lights to indicate then course and
situation.
By Mr. LEFFLER: The petition of sundry citizens of
Washington county, playing the e&tabhsbment of a mail"
route from Mount Pleasant, In Henry comity, to Lanea-ter,
m Keokuk county.
By Mr. BARltlNGER: The petition of the Charlotte and
South Carolina Railroad Company, praying that the iron to
be used on their load fiom Cnlnmliia, South Carolina, to
Chailotte, North Carolina, may be unpolled dut) free.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of M.irnn Thrall and
ntliei citizens of Ohio, tor a post route fioin Brunerslmrg,
via Georgetown and Farmer post office, to Nevvvilte, in the
State ot Indiana.
ByMi. tOt'T: The petition of Mito Tiowbridge and
other citizens of New Yoik, praying Cotnrress to lake ml-
! mediate measures for seeming treaty stipulations with for-
eign Governments, by wtileh all futuie international ditfi-
ctilties shall be settled by peaceful arbitration, and that ttle
appropiiartons (or the army and navy, lor fortrfieattons, arid-
tor munitions oi wat geneially, he dimini.-htd.
By Mr. GREiil/EY: The pennon of Johaini Hildebrand
and -117 other citizens of New York, (mostly ot Gellltnn
birth,) for tree giants of pnbiie lands to actual settlers.
Also, the peution of Leonatd K. Shorter and others, tor tire
same. Atso, the petition ot R. A McCabc and otlier citi-
zens of Btatr county, Pennsylvania, for the same.
By Mr. EVXlVS, of Ohio: The petition ot citizens of
Guernsey county, for the abolishment of the uanspurtalion
and opening of mails on the Sabbath day.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 24,1849.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the credentials of William H. Seward, elected a
Senator of the United States from the Slate of
New York, for the term of six years from the
4th of March next; which were read, and laid on -
the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. JONES presented a petition from the trus-
tees of the Branch University at Fairfield, Iowa,
asking a a;rant of land for the use of that institu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
i Public Lands.
I Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from the
| chiefs of the Ivickapoo and Pottawatomie tribes
of Indians, asking; that the annuities due the latter
tribe may be paid, a mi that they may not be re-
quired to emigrate fiom their present homes; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON presented a petition from Palk-
erson Hacker, a volunteer in the Seminole war,
asking to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition from a num-
ber of citizens of Grermantown, in the State of
Pennsylvania, asking for the abolition of slavery
and the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
Mr. C. also presented a petition, similar in its
import, from citizens of Bucks county, m the State
of Pennsylvania.
On these petitions the question of'reception was
raised, and laid on the table.
Mr. CORWIN presented a petition from citi-
zens .of the State of Iowa, askmg for the estab-
lishment of a land district and a land office at Red
Rock, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. 1
Mr. KING presented a petition vfrom James C.
Watson, asking compensation for losses sustained •
from the neglect of the officers of Government to , |
surrender certain negroes purchased by him from
the Creek Indians; which was referred to the Coo}*-1J
raittee on Indian Affairs. *
