592
THE CON0EESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24.
sidered by Congress. If the principle were once
established, of ceding the public lands to the States
because they are unfit for cultivation, large por-
tions of the public lauds would be claimed of Con-
gress, and members from the new States would be
instructed to procure such grants. The precedent
would be perfectly irresistible, and Congress could
not refuse to vote these grants to all the States he
had named.
He objected also to the bill, because it was
brought up at too late a period of the session to
receive the consideration which it should have, be-
-fore it would be proper to pass upon it. He be-
lieved also that the bill had not been reported by
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COLLA.MER was understood to say that
the subject had not strictly been in charge of the
Committee on Public Lands, and that he knew
very little about it.
Mr. VINTON continued. These lands had
cost the Government more than other public lands.
Congress had, from year to year, been passing
laws increasing the price of surveying these lands,
because they were swamp lands. The surveying
of these lands had cost the Government nearly
twice as much as the surveying of other lands.
Mr. HARMA.NSON was understood to offer a
correction of this statement by the gentleman from
Ohio, and to state his personal knowledge of the
fact, that immense tracss of marsh lands had been
surveyed, in Louisiana, which-were not only not
sold, but which never could be sold; and also that
there were large tracts of lands which never had
been even surveyed, and never would be.
Mr. VINTON understood that the bill proposed
not only to grant surveyed lands, but also lands
not buiveyed. iJut the objection with reference
to the extta compensation which had beenallowed
for surveying these swamp lands was wholly
unimportant in comparison with that which he
ibun'ded upon the effect of the principle which the
passage of this bill would establish.
Mr. HARMANSON said, the swamp lands of
Louisiana, according to the freport of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, amounted
to live millions of acres. He stated also, that
the State of Louisiana, and the citizens of that
State, had constructed about fourteen hundred
miles of ievce, to keep out the waters of the river
from the lowlands. This work had been done at
a cost of eight millions of dollars, as estimated by
the Committee on Public Lands; but which, in
fact, had cost at least twenty millions. What had
been accomplished by that work ? Three millions
five hundred thousand acres of land which were
before unfit for cultivation, had been reclaimed for
the benefit of the General Government. This vast
amount of rich land, so reclaimed by the Louisi-
ana levees, had been sold, and the Government had
pocketed their pioceeds.
The report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Oilice stated, that there were two millions
two hundred thousand acres of swamp lands now
in Louisiana, and he (Mr. H.) believed that one
million of acres of these lands could be reclaimed.
It would require live millions of dollars-to accom-
plish this work, and the State of Louisiana fyas
obliged to do this work, because it was required
by the health of the country. All this great bouy
of land the surveyors of the General Government
hud ascertained to be unfit for cultivation, and of
course wholly useless, in its present state. But
the State of Louisiana was compelled by the force
of circumstances to reclaim these lands; .and the
only question was, whether the General Govern-
ment would give them to the State, by way of
compensation for the cost of reclaiming them.
The gentleman from Ohio was afraid of the influ-
ence of such a precedent. Had the gentleman
any such apprehensions when his own State re-
ceived of the General Government half a million
of acres of the public lands for the purpose of
aiding m the construction of her works of internal
improvement? Would the gentleman refuse to be
just to Louisiana, for fear of receiving injustice at
the hands of other States?
With reference to the gentleman's fears that the
influence of the brll would be to withdraw all the
public lands from sale for want of sufficient speci-
fications* as to the location and amount of the lands
proposed to be ceded, he stated that the swamp
lands of Louisiana were all particularly marked
out upon the Surveyor's maps, so that every man
might, know their precise location.
He urged again the consideration of the claim
of his State upon the General Government, be-
cause she.had already reclaimed three and a half
millions of acres of the public lands; and he claimed
the passage of the bill as a debt due from the Gen-
eral Government. ~ -
Some further conversation followed between
Mr. HARMANSON and Mr. VINTON, which
was not distinctly heard. ' .
Mr. BRODH-EAO said he had but a word to
say in explanation of the bill. In 1829, the offi-
cers of the Government reported 5,429,260 acres
as the whole- amounrof the great swamp lands in
the State of Louisiana. On the 16th of April last,
the Commissioner of the General Lanti Office re-
ported that these swamp lands, at that time, had
been reduced to 2,240,075 acres. It was apparent,
therefore, that, since the year 1829, the Slute and
people of Louisiana, by the levees which they had
thrown up, had leclaimed and enabled the General
Government to throw into the market very large
bodies of rich and valuable land.
Mr. VINTON was understood to ask whether
the gentleman's estimate embraced the unsurveyed
lands ?
Mr. BRODIiEAD replied that the Commis-r
sioner of the General Land Office had reported all-
these lands as unfit for cultivation; and he repeated*
his figures. {
Mr. VINTON repeated his objection as to the
difficulty of determining precisely what lands were
fit for cultivation, and what weie not. He sup-
posed that if a controversy were to arise upon this
question between the United States and the State
of Louisiana, who was to decide between them?
Mr. BROJJHEAD resumed. This large" body
of Government land had been brought into market
since the ^ar 1829 at she expense of the people of
Louisiana, lie had heietofure generally voted
with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. VPnton] upon
all questious affecting the interests of the public
lands; but, m view of this report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, it appeared to
his mind but an act of justice to that State to cede
to her the balance of these useless lands, especially
since their cession cotild in nowise connect the
General Government with the subject of internal
improvements. Since these lands were entirely
valueless, and would forever remain so, unless they
should be reclaimed by the energy of the State in
which they he, and especially, since the health of
the State was ascertained to depend upon their
reclamation, he could not but come to the conclu-
sion, that the bill granting these lands to aid the
State in this necessary work, proposed nothing
more than what was right and proper. He would
therefore move to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
And the question having been taken and decided
in the affirmative, the motion to reconsider was laid
on the table.
The SPEAKER said the bill was now engrossed;
and asked when it should have its third reading ?
And it was ordered to a third reading at this
time.
Mr. CfOLLAMER asked that the bill might be
read through, and it was lead.
The demand for the previous question was then-
seconded.
Mr. HOYDEN moved that the bill be laid upon
the table.
The yeas and nays on that motion were asked
and refused.
And the .question was then taken and dccided
in the negative, without a division.
So the House decided that the bill should not
be laiikon the table.
The question recurred and was taken on order-
ing the mam question, winch having been decided
m the affirmative—
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
the passage of the bill.
Mr. VINTON asked the yeas and nays, which
weie ordered, and being taken,-were—yeas 1U0,
nays 61—as follows:
l'EAS—Mee-fejs. Bingham, Birdsall, Bowdon, Bowlm, Brod-
head, W. G. Brown,Cha- . Brown, AlbertG. Brown, Uuiiby,
Catheat£Chapman, Chase, Clapp, Franklin Clark, Beverly
L. Clanle, Cocke, Oiowdl,piozier, Cummin*,Dunn. tidsaJJ,
Edwaids, Embree, Feathenston, FJoumoy, foenehj
Fries, Fulton, GayUs, Gentry, Gidding*, Green, Cieeley,
Grinneil, Willaid P. Hall, Rarmanson, Henley, Hubbaid,
lri^e, Cnarieb J- Jnger soU, Iverson, Jame&on, Robert W.
Johm>en, George W Jones, kaufman, Kellogg, iConncm.
Lahm, l_ia S6re, Leffler, Levin, Ligon, Lincoln, Lynde^
McClelland, McCleraand, Job A]ami, Meade, iViiii«r, Mor-
ris, Morse, Murphy, Nes, Newell, Nieoll, Palfrey, Petrie,-
Peyton, Phelps, Pilsbury, Pollock, Preston, Richardson,
Richey, Robinson, RockbiH, Sawyer, Schenek, Simpson,
Slingerland, Smart, Caleb R. Smith, Robert Smith,Truman
Smith, Stanton, Talimadge, Taylor, Thibodeaux, Jacob
Thompso'n, William Thompson, Thursto , Tompkins,
Toombs, Venable, Warren, Wentworth, Wick, Wilev, and
Williams—100. '
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Belcher, Blackmar, Bo-
cock, Boyden, Backner, Burt, Butler, CJingman, Cotiger,
Cranston, Crisfield, Diekev, Dixon, Duor, Oainett Duncan,
Eckert, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Fisher, Freedley,
Goggin, Gott, Hale, Hammons, Moses Hampton, Henry,
Jenkins, Daniel P. King, William T. i..ri\vrenee, Lumpkin,
Mcllvaine, McKay, McQueen, Horace Mann. Marsh, Mar-
vin, Mullin, Nelson, Outlaw, Pea«lee, Putnam, Reynolds,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Rum>ey, St.
John, Shepperd, SherriN, Silvester, Stai kweaiher, Andrew
Stewart, Charles E. Stuart, Strohm, John B. Thompson,
Vinton, White, Wilson, and Woodward—61.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HARMANSON moved a reconsideration
of the vote*, and moved that that motion be laid on
the table.
No objection having been made, it was ordered
accordingly.
SUSPENSION OF THE RULES.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution; which was read for information:
Resolved, That during the residue of this session of Con-
gress, it shall not be in order to move a suspension of tha
rules, except during the first, hour of the meeting of the
House, on each alternate day, beginning with Tuesday next,
when said suspension shall be m order for the first tune.
Objections having been made, Mr.' E. moved a
suspension of the rules, to enable him to offer the
resolution.
And the question was taken and decided in the
negative—ayes 35, noes not counted.-
So the rules were not suspended, and the reso-
lution was not received.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania, a&ked the
general consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing bill:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmerfca in Congress ussemble/J, Tiiut
from and after the fn\t day of July next, the rat? nt l.-ttcr
postage shall be unifoim throughout the United States,'irre-
spective of d^tance; and al! letters pa-sing tinougtt the
post office shall be charged by weight, as follows : Each Ict-
tet weighing more than half an ounce, five cents; each letter
weighing more than half, and not more than an ounce, ten
cents; each letter weighing more than omj ounce and not
more than two ounccs, fifteen cents; and five cents addi-
tional for every ounce or fraction of an ounce additional
weight.
Be it further enacted., That from and after the passage of
this act, all newspapers that shall pass through the mails,
be carried and delivered free of postage within the county
in which the same *hall be printed respectively.
Objection having been made—
Mr. T. moved a suspension of the rules, and
asked the yeas and nays; which were refused.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the bill be read
through.
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
unanimous consent.
The question was then taken, and the Housg
refused to suspend the rules.
So the biirwas not received.
POST OFFICE BILL.
Mr. VINTON offered the following resolution;
which was read and adopted:
Resolve<f, That debate on House bill No. 154 shall cease
m'Commitiee of the Whole on the state of the (Jnson in uvo
hours after the Hou«e thai! again resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the suite of the Union on said bill,
andthecommittoeshalithen proceed to vote on such amend-
ments as may be offered to said bill.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House then
ag-am resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. White, of New
York, in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the biil making appropriations for the Post
Office Department.
The debate on the general question of slavery
was continued by Messrs. MOREHEAD ani
MURPHY.
The time to which the debate was limited having
expired, the'eommittee, in pursuance of the order
of the House of I his morning, proceeded to vote.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the bill by
striking out the following item:
For clerks for office? (the offices of postmasters) two hun-
dred and sixty thousand dollars.
Mr. A. announced his intention to withdraw this
amendment and to move another. He wished to
say that his object was to move to amend the bill
by a proposition to reduce the rates of postage,
