394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 26,
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider this bill.
The bill was then amended on motion of Mr.
BORLAND, and was subsequently read a third
time and passed.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted the following reso-
lution, which !ie| over under the-jule:
JtesoJml, That the rales of the Senate be so far amended
that for the residue of the present session a vote to lay an
amendment upon the table shall not carry with it the bill or
resolution proposed to be amended.
Mr. ATHEKTON submitted the following reso-
lution, which was-considered and agreed to:
KesoirecJ, That on this flay, and each succeeding clay
rinri.ru; the present sea.-ion, the Senate wiii take a recess
from Sour o'clock p. ro. until six p. n>.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
On motion of Mr. DIX, .the prior orders were
postponed, and the Senate proceeded to consider
the bili concerning"the Pay departmentof the army.
The Committee on Military A (fairs had reported
the bill, with amendments, which were designed
as substitutes for the several sections of the bill,
the object of which, in parr, was to redacts the
number of paymasters from forty to twenty-five.
The amendments were agreed to.
On motion of Mr. DIX., the first section was
amended by the insertion of words dearly defining
the rank of the paymaster general to be that of
colonel.
Mr. YULEE moved to amend the last section,
which provides for retaining a paymaster general,
two deputy paymasters general, now in commis-
sion, the fifteen paymasters who were in service
under the acts in force at the commencement of the
war with Mexico, and ten paymasters, [to be se-
lected from the additional paymasters now in ser-
vice, and the thirteen paymasters authorized by
the acts of 17th June, 184fi,and the 3d March, 3847,]
by striking out the words placed within brackets,
and to insert in lieu thereof the words {; to be ap-
pointed by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate." He stated that, in his opinion, the effect
of the provisions of the bill would be to increase
rather than reduce the number of the paymasters.
As it stood, the range of selection was limited to a
particular class; whereas the amendment which he
offered would enlarge the sphere of choice to the
extent of the Union.
Mr. DIX explained the object of the amendment
which he had offered, stating that the efflct was, in
fact, to make a reduction of the number of paymos- -
ters; and that fifteen of those who were retained j
were old officers, while the remaining ten were to i
be selected from those who had served through the j
war with Mexico, and would thus enable the Pres- |
ident, with the information he could obtain from <
the Paymaster General, to make a selection from i
those who had had experience, and had proved !
themselves efficient. He was opposed to the amend- ;
ment offered by the Senator from Floiida, as it }
would throw all these appointments open to general l
competition. j;
Mr. YUL.EE repeated that he did not consider !!
the effect of the bill was to reduce the number of ll
paymasters, but that it would be in fact an increase.
The number of paymasters upon the permanent
list authorized by existing laws was fifteen, and it
was proposed to increase them to twenty-five. A
portion of the temporary olficeis appointed to serve
during the war had already gone out of olnce,and
otheis would go out on the 4th of March. It was
proposed to appoint the new officers from those
who had-been in this temporary service. He
thought there vws no special reason why these
persons should he p*efeired to all other citizens of
the CJnion. Nor did he cofwider it competent to
the legislative department to restrict the Executive
to any particular class of persons who have no ex-
isting connection with the service. It may be that
it is advisable to select the new appointments from
those who have bed experience in the service, so
stitution, and Congress could not, in his opinion,
restrict his powers. If there were more officers in
•the service than were necessary, they might say
how the reduction should be made; but some of
the class mentioned in this bill being, as he under-
stood, now out of service, it was no more proper
to require a selection to be made from them than
to require that they should be made from the State
of New York or Virginia. The President might
as well be directed to make his selection of an offi-
cer from the State of Maryland as to select one
because he has been a paymaster formerly. They
might as well direct him to confine himself to any
particular locality, or any particular class other
than military, as to restrict him in the manner here
proposed. Thinking, therefore, there was no pro-
priety in limiting or restrictfng the President, he
proposed to givehim tiie right to select not only
from these officers, but also from all other citizens.
Mr. DIX further explained his amendment, in
order to correct what he thought a misapprehen-
sion onthepartof the Senator from Florida. There
were fifteen paymasters nt the commencement of
the war, and every one from whom the selection
is to be made were now in service, excepting such
as have died or resigned.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, and was subsequently read a third time by
unanimous consent and passed.
SWAMP -LANDS.
The bill, from the House to aid the State of
Louisiana in reclaiming the swamp lands therein,
was read a first and second time.
Mr- DICKINSON said the bill before the Sen-
ate was one of considerable importance, and he
hop'ed some explanation of it would he given.
Mr. DOWNS explained, lie said the Senate
was in pssaession of a report of the committee of
the House of Representatives by Mr. Brodiiead,
in which the merits of this bill were set forth.
From that document Senators would see that these
• lands were of very little value in their present con-
dition, but that their reclamation would benefit the
general treasury, as it would bring lands into the
market which were now unsalable, and benefit the
general health of the people in that portion of the
State where these swamp lands lie. ^
Mr. NiLES argued that this bill required great
consideration, perhaps more than could be now
given to it, and that Senators should be in posses-
sion of further information before they finally dis-
posed of it.
Mr. FOOTE read some of the provisions of the
bili, and then said that they explained themselves.
The object was to reclaim certain swamp lands
which were now utterly worthless, and no injury
could result to the United States by transferring
them to the State of Louisiana for the purpose of
being reclaimed and made valuable. As the lands
now lay they were generative of noxious influences
which were injurious to human health, and a stand-
ing nuisance to that part of the country. This was
a case which did not admit of extended discussion,
and he hoped that there would be no unnecessary j
delay, it had been thoroughly examined by the
House of Representatives, whose committee had j
made an elaborate report, to which he begged to !
refer honorable Senators. Pass this bill and these •
lands would be not only advantageous to Louisiana,
but to the whole country.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, entered into an
explanation of the position of these lands, the ac-
tion of Congress heretofore on the subject, and the
means taken and expense incurred by the State of
Louisiana in relation to them, and*expressed a
hone that the Senate would promptly pas's this bill.
Mr. BORLAND also urged the passage of the
bill. He said these lands in their present condition
were not only valueless but injurious; they were
prolific of disease, anu inflicted a curse on Louisi-
ana, and to remove this prolific source of disease
this bill was'prepared. He repeated the argument
mittee on the Public Lands. The policy which
this bill proposes was new, and they should well
understand what they were about.
Mr. DOWNS showed, from the provisions of
the bill, that there was no uncertainty about them,
and therefore that they.were not subject to the ob-
jection of thejSenator from Connecticut.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, spoke in opposi-
tion to the reference. He said the bill had been
duly considered by Congress, and it only affected
lands which were now unfit for cultivation.
Mr. BELL pointed to the great expense already
incurred by the State of Louisiana in the erection
of levees on the banks of the Mississippi, and then
argued that this bill should pass, lie admitted
that its passage would greatly benefit Louisiana,
but it would also result in great profit to the United
States.
Mr. BORLAND, iifreply to the objection that,
these lands were not,described with sufficient ex-
actness, proceeded to show that the terms used
were not vague, but were well understood in the
land office.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer, and it was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, $nd was sub-
sequently read a third time and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
service of the United States, for the year ending
30th June, 1850, as in Committee of the Whole.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Day-
ton- to amend the amendment submitted by Mr.
Walker—
Mr. DAYTON modified his amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS, who was entitled to the floor,
declined speaking in consequence of the want of
time for a proper discussion.
The question was then about to be taken, when
Mr. DOWNS addressed the Senate at some
length.
Mr. BELL made some explanations for the
purpose of correcting some misapprehensions of his
remarks on a former day.
Mr. BERRIEN replied in explanation, and in
reference to the character of the amendment,
Mr. DAYTON also replied.
Mr. FOOTE said a few words.
Other explanations were made by Mr. BELL,
Mr. BERRIEN, and Mr. DAYTON,
The debate was continued by Mr. UNDER-
WOOD and Mr. DOWNS.
The Senate then took a recess until 6 o'clock.
far as it can be done consistently wjth other proper j | at some length that the reclamation of the&e lando
consideiations, and under the amendment proposed would make them valuable to the general treasury
by aimself the President v/ouH be able to make j; and he hoped the bill would be passed. ' 1
selections from the class indicated in the bill, if he ;! Mr. DOWNS adduced some additional facts to I
i show the necessity of passing the bill. I
Mr. NILES objected that the lands were not j
defined with sufficient clearness. It was riot shown
that the overflowed lands only were to be taken
and hence further inquiry was necessary; he moved
therefore thfi'recomraittal of the bill to the Cora-
chose. He thought they had nn power under the
Constitution to Irnit and restrict the President in
this manner. The prerogative was conferred on
the President to appoint officers. While Congress
might create the offices, it belonged to the President
to fill them in the manner pointed out by the Con-
RECESS—SIX O CLOCK, P. M.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a resolu-
tion from the Legislature of that State, opposing
; the extension of slavery in the Territories of New
Mexico and California; which was read, and or-
dered to be printed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BTLL.
The bill making appropriation for the Post Office
Department was read by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
THE NEW TERRITORIES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30,1850;
| the question pending being upon Mr. Dayton's
amendment to theamendment heretofore submitted
by Mr. Walkeb.
The debate was continued by Messrs. HUN-
TER, and DAYTON, BERRIEN, NiLES, and
WESTCOTT.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dayton's
amendment to Mr. Walker's amendment, and it
was rejected, as follow s:
YEAS—Allen, Atherton, Cameron, Dayton, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Hamlin, and Mangum—S.
NAYS — Atchison, Badger, Baldwin. Bell, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bradbury, Bnght, Butler, Ctaike, Oarvvin,'
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson,
Di.v, DougSfi-!, Downs, Felch, Fitzgerald, Fitepatixk, Foote,
Greene, Hale, Hannegan, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of
Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana. Johnson of Georgia, Jones,
King, Mason, Milter, Niles, Phelps, Rusk, S-baMiaii, ypru-
ance, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood, IJpham, Wales,
Walker, Webster, VVestcott, and 5fulee—47.
The question then recurred on Mr. Walker's
amendment. ;
Mr. BERRIEN suggested a modification, which
Mr. WALKER accepted, but its precise terms
