506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
frankness, that I confidently hope that all the
pledges which have been so explicitly given by the
incoming Administration upon this important sub-
ject will be strictly and faithfully complied with.
I am by no means willing, as one oft the opposite
party, to afford a plausible pretext for their not
complying with the spirit of them. Th'at this
would be supplying a plausible pretext is certain,
for it may be said, What was done in the case?
This is not proscription, surely. The'officer was'
not recalled. There was no displacement of a
worthy man in order to make way for a successor
of different politics, by any means. The President
was simply called upon to determine who was
most worthy of this new appointment; and he de-
termined that the individual already there was not
so well suited for it as another. This is my view
of the matter. I thereforefeel bound to vote against
the amendment. And I am sure, if the Senate
knew the very worthy gentleman who is there
now, and would have been continued there, they
would vote against the amendment.
The gentlemen upop the other side of the Cham-
ber are'certainly informed in regard to this mat-
ter. They have had an opportunity of conferring
ivith a certain distinguished personage in this city,
and have, perhaps, had an opportunity to learn his
views upon this particular proposition—a propo-
sition certainly expected to come under our con-
sideration at the present time. And if honorable
gentlemen have not conferred with each other and
with this distinguished individual, I think they
have neglected, to some extent, the interests of
their party. I therefore think there has been
something done; that there have been some pa-
triotic consultations held upon this subject. If that
is the case, and if honorable gentlemen, who come
here at the present time fully prepared to act upon
this subject, can assure me that my friend who is
there now shall be continued, I will vote for the
amendment. ^
Mr. IJUTLER. Mr. President, I will take the |
liberty of asking the honorable gentleman who pro- ;
poses this amendment if he can tell the Senate how 1
many full missions are to be proposed? It is but
fair that when I vote for this, I should know how
many I am to vote for.
Mr. jMANGUM. None at all. And if the hon-
orable gentleman will permit, I will remark that it
has never occurred to me who occupied the position
of charge ct'affaires at Chili. And as for consult-
ation, there has never been any. 1 do not know
the President elect. I have never seen ltim in all
my lite.
Mr. 1<T)0TE. Mr. President, then I will merely
say tin;; to my friend: that he is not thoroughly
informed upon this mailer, and if he had been, I
am sum lie would not have brought it forward.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 think I am sufficiently in-
formed upon the subject. I only know that it is
the usnge of this Government, when any foreign
Government sends to us a minister of a particular
chfttac,;er, to reciprocate. It is not universal. It
is sometimes inconvenient, but it is usual; and I
will say to my friend from Alabama, [Air. King,]
that it is now more than twenty years since I pro-
posed to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means in the other House to pay a salary of
from fifteen to twenty thousand dollars to our min-
isters nl all the principal courts of Europe. I have
not seen the day in twenty years that I would not
have voted an increase, of from fifty to seventy-five
per cent, upon the salaries-of all our ministers. I
hold a great republic like this—a republic increas-
ing m wealth, in population, in alb the resources
ofhi<:h civilization—to be untrue to herself when
she prndrt obrpad her representatives and does not
support them in a manner equal to their position
and rank. I therefore perfectly concur in the sug-
pestton of the honorable Senator from Alabama.
But, sir, let us decide this question. We have a
full minister from Chili, which is the most import-
ant of ail the Governments upon the southern con-
tinent of America. Valparaiso is the Centre of all
#reat commercial operations on the Pacific. Chili
has the best established, and, perhaps, the best
legulared Government of any of the South Ameri-
can States. And I think that, while we recipro-
cate this equality with the monarchies, more are we
called "upon to reciprocate it towards the weaker
States of our continent.
Again: it is but a few years since that we raised
our representative to the^Chilian Government from
a charge d'affaires to a full minister, but it sunk
down again. They now send us a full minister,
and I hold that we, who are at the head of the
great confederacy of republics, should be the first
to exhibit a just regard and respect for our sister
republics, arid encourage them in the career which
they have marked out for thesiseives. But, sir, I
hold, as I trust is the case everywhere throughout
the United States, except in this Chamber, that the
Senate of the United States can understand some
things without talking about them all the time; and
believing that, I leavethis matter to their judgment.
Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, i believe
there is no recommendation from the State Depart-
ment, nor do I understand that this amendment
has been recommended by the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. MANGUM. Yes, sir; it has been recom-
mended -by a majority of the committee.
Mr. ATHERTON. X am informed by my
friend from Alabama [Mr. King] that that is not
the case.
Mr. MANGUM. I will explain to the honor-
able Senator. There has been no formal report
upon the matter, but it is the resolution and opin-
ion of a majority of that committee; and if lam
permitted to speak of committee affairs, it is the
opinion of three out of five of the members of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and perhaps of
four of them.
Mr. ATHERTON. What may be the individ-
ual opinions of members of the committee I know
not. I do not now understand that the honorable
Senator from .North Carolina states that this sub-
ject has been reported upon or recommended by
the committee. It is merely recommended by in-
dividuals. Now, I trust thai-1 am not guided by
any parsimonious or improper motives in regard
to the incoming Administration. It seems to me
that this bill provides very liberally in this respect.
It goes further than any appropriation bill has ever
done before when a new Administration was com-
ing into power. It provides for outfits for all min-
isters abroad. It provides for the outfits for all
the ehargesofthe Government everywhere. There
has been no proposition from any Senator on this
side of the Chamber to strike out any of these
provisions. But I do think that it is asking too
much of us to request that we should make pro-
vision that the President may be enabled to turn
out of office those who are now incumbents, and
vote for this amendment which would require him
to make another appointment, and thus afford a
plausible pretext for discontinuing the worthy
gentleman who is now acting in the capacity of
charge at the court of Chili. By voting these ap-
propriations we have given our opponents an op-
portunity to displace all these officers, if they
choose. But, sir, it seems to me to be too much
to ask us to begin the work of displacement, by
voting for a bill which requires the displacement
of this officer. It does not seem to be a rule that
we should send a full minister to every country
that sends one here. 1 am not willing to go any
further, especially as I just now voted for the out-
fit and salary of a minister to the Germanic States.
Mr. FOOTE called for tl?e yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger,Baldwin, Berrien, Bor-
land, Butler, Cameron, Clarke, Coi win, Dqvh of Massachu-
setts, Dayton, Downs, Gieene, Hale, Harmegan, Houston,
Hunter, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, M.in-
guin, Miller. Pearee, Phelps, Rufk, Sebastian, Spruance,
Uphain, Wales, Webster, and Westeott—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Allieuon, Bell, Bradbury, Bright,
Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge of Iowa, Feloh,
Fitzgerald, Fitzpatnck, Foote, flamhn, Johnson of Georgia,
Jones, Km?, Mason, Niles, Sturgeon, Turney, Underwood,
Walker, ami Yulee—£4.
Mr. KING- moved to amend by inserting the fol-
lowing, which was agreed to:
For compensation to Alexander Hainmett, for hiaservice-4
as chmge d'affaires at Naples, from the 20 th of May, 1847, to
the 2Lst of june, 1848, $4,875.
Mr. DOWNS offered the following, which was
agreed to:
For additional compensation to the district judges of "Loui-
siana, for the year ending the 30th of Jnnp, 1848, $600, be-
ing the deficiency of appropriation for that year, and $800
for the year ending the 30th June, 1849, under the provisions
of the l&t section of the actof 17th June, 1841.
Mr. HALE offered an amendment to increase
the compensation of our ministers to England,
Prance, and Russia.
And in explanation he said: I have proposed
that amendment for the purpose of following out
the suggestion made by the honorable Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. King,] whose experience on
the subject assures us that the salaries of the min-
isters to these courts are .actually unequal to paying
their expenses. I cbnsider this highly discreditable •
to our Government, and I think it should be rem-
edied immediately. I believe that the'honorable
Senator from Alabama, when he was a minister
abroad, had not a very large family to take care
of, [laughter,] and his expenses, therefore, must^
have been much less than those of ministers noS
so-unfortunately situated as himself. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. KING. Mr. President, the honorable Sen-
ator is not aware, perhaps, that the expenses of
ministers at St. Petersburg are not so great as in
London and Paris. The object I had was, that
the attention of the Senate shoald be called to this
subject, and that the salaries of our ministers to the
principal courts of Europe should be graduated so
as to give a fair compensation, according to the
duty to be performed'and the expenses of living.
It is very desirable that our ministers abroad should
be enabled to live in such a style as becomes the
representatives of a great nation. In London the
expenses are enormous; in Paris they are-less, and
in St. Petersburg still less. The expenses of a min-
ister at St. Petersburg would be met, perhaps, by
twelve thousand dollars; at Paris, probably at six-
teen or seventeen thousand; and atLondon'notless
than twenty thousand dollars; so that, I think, at
the present time, perhaps it would be as well to let
the matter go over, and let it be brought up here-
: after as an independent proposition, unconnected
! with this appropriation bill, in order that it may
be examined, and the salaries of our ministers be
fixed according to what is fair and just.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, 1' certainly have
not any great information upon this subject, but I
differ, with very great deference, from the honor-
able.Senator from Alabama. But I am willing to
modify my amendment so that the salaries shall be
fixed at the exact sums he has named. I will
therefore modify it so as to raise the salary of the
minister to Russia to twelve thousand dollars; that
of the minister to France to sixteen thousand
dollars; and that of the minister- to England to
twenty thousand dollars. That will be adding three
thousand dollars to the salary of the minister to
Prussia, seven thousand to that of the minister to
Prance, and eleven thousand to that of the minister
to England. In one single matter I differ, although
with great diffidence and great reluctance, from
the honorable Senator from Alabama; that is, if
this thing be confessedly wrong, to let it go wrong
a little longer. I think, when you find that you
are going wrong, the best thing you can do is to
turn immediately around and go right.
Mr. President, I will have the question divided,,
and taken on the increase of the salary to the min-
ister to France first.
The question being on adding seven thousand
dollars to the salary of the minister to France—
Mr. DICKINSON called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. DIX. Mr. President, before the vote ip
taken on this amendment, I would like to ask what
salary the French minister to this Government re-
ceives?
Mr. HANNEGAN, (in his seat.) I believe it
is fifteen thousand.
Mr. DIX. I understand that he receives five or
six thousand dollars.
Mr. DICKINSON. Mr. President, if it is ne-
cessary that these salaries should be raised at all,
it seems to me that the whole question should go
to the appropriate committee, and the salaries
should be graduated, so that we might know pre-
cisely what we are doing, relatively as well as posi-
tively. I intend, at this time, to vote against all
this increase of salaries, because I apprehend there
is no more reason for raising them now than in
days past, and because I think that, when it is
done, it should be done cortectly, and with a view
to relative as well as positive justice. We are
going back to the days of economy, to the early and
best days of the Republic, to the days of the first
Presidents—at least that was the cry a few months
since—and we have started by proposing nearly to
double the salaries of our foreign ministers.
Mr. - WEBSTER. Mr. President, this new
proposition is one that 1 did not think would be
introduced upon this occasion. I do not know,
agd will not undertake to say, whether, upon the
whole, it is fit to be entertained and disposed of
now. But, since the subject is up, I feel constrained
