1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
to say, that this is a portion, a part, of the regula-
- tions respecting our foreign intercourse that does
demand revision. We may talk of economy, and
I hope we shall practise enonomy, but X am not
for that species of economy that restrains repre-
sentatives of this Republic, when they go abroad,
from appearing in the character in which the repre-
sentatives of 6ther countries appear in this place.
Mr. President, you have been abroad. Other
' members of this body have been abroad in a public
capacity. I never have been and never shall be;
i but I know enough to know that the allowances
made to our ministers at foreign courts are wholly
inadequate—yes, sir, wholly inadequate to the
maintenance "of a respectable character in public
and social life. That I believe to be entirely wrong.
The Senate understands that this whole matter de-
pends upon the provisions made sixty years ago,
when the expenses of living, either at home or
abroad, were certainly not more than haif what
they now are. It stands as it stood in the time of
Washington, upon the foundation of the statute
whiehsays, " The President may make such allow-
: ances as'he thinks fit, not exceeding nine thousand
dollars." Has not the whole world changed? The
honorable Senator from New York [Mr. Dix] has
asked, what is supposed to be the salary of the
French minister here : Is Washington Paris ? Is
iife and the maintenance of the respectability of life
as expensive in Washington as in Pans? Sir,
though never employed in foreign service, and cer-
tainly never expecting to be, 1 must state what I
know to have occurred in one of the capitals of
Europe, to a very respectable gentleman who was
there representing this country—everyway honor-
able and worlhy to carry the commission of his
country; but restricted by the narrow means which
■ iii-s country afforded him, and not being a gentle-
' • man of fortune, he could not appear in public soci-
ety, or on public occasions in the country where
he was, as others appeared. He once" heard this
saying at some place where it was his official duty
to be—when the parly were retiring and the car-
riages were called for, and the carriage of the Amer-
ican minister was called for—" What carriage is
that ?" was asked. The reply was—no gentleman
said it, no man of respectability said it, but the
coachmen and hackmen a!i called out—" The poor-
est carriage here to-night."
Mr. DICKINSON, (in his seat.) So much the
Mr." WEBSTER. I do not think so. If that
is economy and republicanism, then so far I am
no economist, and I am no republican. That is
- r not my sentiment, I do not wish to see the rep-
- resentative of this Republic abroad restrained from
the enjoyment of that social intercourse, and the
maintenance of that private respectability which be-
comes a gentleman. I have no sympathy for that
sort of economy and that sort of republicanism
: which consists in merely denying money to those
who represent you, and who wish to represent
you respectably. That is my judgment upon these
; matters.
Sir, we know that this allowance, as it now
j stands, and as it has stood since the days of Gen-
eral Washington, was very much assailed and very
much complained of by respectable persons, and
by one very worthy gentleman in particular, who
was some twenty or thirty years afterwards sent
abroad in a public capacity. And it was as long
ago as when I was in the House of Representa-
tives that he asked me if I would not support a
proposition to raise the salaries of our foreign min-
isters to fifteen thousand dollars? And it is said
that this very gentleman, who was a very worthy
and now a most venerable person, and who is now
i one of the oldest public servants of the country still
alive, could not sustain himself with reputation
upon the allowance of the Government at the court
to which he was sent. 1 said, with all my heart.
- And I was perhaps a little malicious. I was mis-
chievous enough to say that 1 would be quite
obliged to that venerable gentleman—not so ven-
erable then as now—ifhe would now give me suffi-
cient facts by which I can answer ius pamphlets
against the expensiveness of General Washing-
ton's administration.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, I' am not
going to make a speech, by any means. I merely
wish to state what I once heard General Jackson
say, in speaking on this very subject. I once
heard that illustrious man talking about the ex-
pensas of foreign ministers, their salaries, &c.,
and he used these words: He said that " Old Ben
' Franklin, with his Quaker hat, shad-bellied coat,
' and blue yarn stockings, [laughter,] commanded
' more respect for liimselt. and for the character of
' this country than all the other foreign ministers
' we have ever had." Now, sir, that was so; even
all the girls in Paris were running alter the old
philosopher. [Renewed laughter.j
Mr. WEBSTER. What salary did Franklin
receive?
Mr. WESTCOTT. A very indifferent sum, I
believe; just enough to pay his expenses.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 beg your pardon, sir. His
expenses were allowed him by Congress. He kept
his own accounts, and his expenses were paid,
whatever they were.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, I see no
necessity for this increase of salaries* These men
go to these courts to do business, and not, to ex-
pend money in giving parties and mingling m
society, r
Mr. WEBSTER. Will the Senator inform me
what he supposes Dr. Franklin was paid when in
Europe?
Mr. WESTCOTT. I do not know, Aut he did
not make money.
Mr. KING. I will tell the honorable Senator.
Dr. Franklin received twelve thousand Uohars a
year with Ins Quaker hat. [Great laughter,]
Mr. WESTCOTT. 1 never heard of Dr. Fiank-
hn's making any great display among the aristoc-
racy of Europe; nor do 1 now Cctre to have our
ministers vie with the aristocrats of the Eastern
Continent m expenditure and extravagance, i wan
an American minister to go there as the lawyer of
this Republic, as our agent; and 1 want him to
show them an example ol republican plainness and
economy, i will vote most cheerfully to increase
the salary of our minister to France, out 1 will not
consent to its becoming a general rule. The sal-
ary proposed to be given to <5ur minister to Eng-
land is four times the amount received by the sec-
ond officer of our Government, and it is live times
the salary paid a judge of the Supreme Court. It
is not congenial with our institutions, and 1 cannot
vote for it. 1 am willing to make France an ex-
ception, and vote to increase the salary of our
minister to that court, and because it is a republic,
and in my opinion, theretore, outranks all tne rest.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, iam one of the
few on this side of the House who are in favor of
the proposition of the honorable Senator fiom New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] 1 have had the concur-
rent testimony, 1 believe, of every foieign minister
with whom i have conversed on tnis subject. Gen-
eral Cass, my honorable friend m the cnair, [Mr.
Dallas,] and Mr. Legare have all concuired in
bearing testimony to the fact that our ministers
abroad have been subjected to mortification that no
representative of a country, and especially such a
great and powerful country as* this, should ever be
subjected to. They have been subjected to this
mollification on account of the inadequacy of the
appiopriations made for their support. Now, I do
not s^y that evtery representative abroad should be
m all respects a peer, and equal in dignity and
wealth with the ministers of tne governments of
Europe; butl never would place him m a situation
m which he would be subjected to leproach and
to the sneers of his contemporaries, on account of
his inability to maintain a rcspectabie position in
that society in which his duties placed him. x\or
would I make this an otiice for a minister to go
abroad for one year to take the outfit and tne
salary, and come back. I would make it such an
office that we could keep a ltsidont minister abroad
for at least more than one year, without subjecting
himself to mortification, not by comparison, but
by contrast with tlio^e similarly situated with him-
self. it is not right, and i have never heaid a
foreign ambassador come home but who gave the
same testimony. All persons who have been
abroad concur m this. I am no aristocrat at all ;
but, however parsimonious 1 might be with legard
to myself, when I send others abroad, making
them representatives m some measuic of my coun-
try, they should not be placed in a situation to be
mortified on account of the want ol a lew dollars
to enable them to live m a style comporting with
the dignity of their station. I shall vote, therefore,
for this amendment with great pleasure.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, I shall vote against
this amendment, the object of which is to increase
the respectability of some of our representatives in
foreign countries. I think we shall accomplish,
that object far more directly and with far more cer-
tamty by paying more attention to the selection of
the men who are appointed to those places. I sup-
pose it is in Europe as here, that men are expected
to live in a style comporting with their known
means of life; and I suppose that, inasmuch as it
is universally known that American ministers rep-
resent a plain republican people, and that they are
limited in their compensations to nine thousand
dollars per annum, no sensible man, representing
any great nation, no matter where such minister
may reside, will expect an American minister,
under such circumstances, to indulge in all the ex*
travagance which is exhibited by the representa-
tive of sovereignty, who pay largely, in order to
manifest in some degree their magnificence and
giandeur by the style of life which their ministers
lead. Now,sir, it is a universal truth, withoutone
solitary exception anywhere, that public function-
aries should always live up to the salary which
they receive, and that the community in which they
live expect them to live up to that salary, and not
above it. Why, sir, of all the public, functionaries
of this Government, considering the reiation which
they bear to the Government, perhaps the members
of this body are less paid than any other. The
Salaries of members of this body are about fifteen
hundred dollars a year. This body is composed
of the ambassadors of the States, representing: sov-
ereign States in the capital of the country, viaxted
by their constituents, having to incur many ex-
penses incidental to their position over and above
the expense of maintenance. Senators of the sov-
ereign States, exercising the high functions which
this body is known to possess, live in the capital
of this country upon $1,500 a year, and hold rank
equal to the members of the Cabinet, above that
of any foreign, minister, while it is proposed by
this amendment to give some of these foreign min-
isters $20,000 a year. I desire to know whether
the respectability of the members of this body is
less because they do not keep open house and
entertain everybody on fifteen hundred dollars a
year? whether it is less than that of the French
Minister, or of the Russian Minister, or of the
British Minister? I think not, sir; and I trust
that the principle will never be eslablished that the
dignity and respectability of a public functionary
depend upon the amount of money he receives and
the number of entertainments he is enabled to give.
Is it expected m London that the Representative
of a plain republican people, of a Government the
object of imitation the world over, wherever a
people can speak, and largely so, because its taxes
are comparatively light and its administration com-
paratively economical—is it possible that the rep-
resentative of such a Government shall be expected
by any sensible corps, diplomatic or otherwise, to
live in a style equal to that of a representative of
" the Autocrat of ail the Russias" at the Court of
St. James? No, sir. Upon the principle of sucii
reasoning, you must, if you wish to put your
country upon a level with the first countries of the
world, adopt the criterion of salary which the first
country pays—adopt the Russian criterion. Now,
sir, it is to be recollected that we have no missions
of the first grade. No such thing. Our highest
mission is a mission of the second grade. We
have no ambassadors, because we have no sover-
eign in this country to be represented. An am-
bassador differs from a minister m this particular:
that the former represents the majesty of the
crown. We have no crowy, and therefore no
ambassadors to represent it, and our mimsieis ate
not expected anywhere to live in a style equal to
the style of those representing the crowned heads
of Europe. No such thing.
Sir, we have two sorts of men who areappointed
to fill missions;onedescriptionof whom (tnere have
been a few) have been wealthy men. Well, what
had been the standard of their expenses? it has
been very great. There was sent on the nnssion to
France, some years ago, a gentleman of the name
of Brown, a man o^. large wealth, who lived in a
style whicli required some twenty-five or thirty
thousand dollars a year to support him. Since that
time w-e have had several other wealthy ministers,
and they have kept up the style to the stanrt.ii J of
twenty-five or thirty thousand dollars a y .-ar. It
was that circumstance that created the necessity
for their successors to live in the same extravagant
style. There is another class of men appointed to
fill missions, who go out. and return, ana bung
