1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
em
the Senate about a year ago, to allow subsistence
to certain Arkansas and other volunteers, who had
been prisoners of war in Mexico.
The SPEAKER said he understood the bill was
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GAINES thereupon moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the said bill.
The motion having; lieen agreed to, and the bill
being thus before the House, on the question of its
third reading—
Mr. GAINES moved the previous question.
Mr. BURT rose to inquire of the Speaker,
whether there were not certain amendments which
had-been reported to the bill from the Committee
on Military Affairs?
■ The SPEAKER said he had no knowledge of
such amendments.
The SPEAKER then said, that the Clerk stated
that there were no such amendments. The en-
dorsement on the bill was, that it had been reported
by the gentleman from New York, frotn the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, without amendment.
The previous question was then seconded; the
main question was ordered, and the bill having
been ordered to a third reading at this time, was
read a third time and passed.
ROAD FROM LAKE SUPERIOR TO THE MIS-
SISSIPPI.
Mr. S?viITH, of Illinois, asked the unanimous
consent of the House to report a bill from the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, for the benefit (he
said) of the new Territory, (presumed to be Min-
esota;) he trusted there Would be no objection.
Objections were made.
Mr. SMITH moved a suspension of the rules,
- for the purpose of enabling him to report tiie bill.
The title of the bill was fead as follows: " A bill
to provide for opening a road from Lake Superior,
by the way of the Falls of Saint Croix, Marine
Mills, Stillwater, and Saint Paul's, to Point Doug-
lass, on the Missisippi river."
The bill was then read through.
And the question, "Shall the rules be suspend-
ed?" was taken, and decided in the negative.
So the bill was not received.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. TALLMADGE offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of tile contingent fund of
the House, to the Postmaster, Chaplain, Serijeam-at-arms,
Doorkeeper, assistant clerks, niessenge'is, pages, laborers,
folders, persons employed in the (okting-ioom, and police of
the Capitol, with it.s messenger and laborer, the same amount
of extra compensation as was allowed at the last session of
the present Const-ess.
Mr. BRODHEAD objected.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
A question of order Wa^ raised as to the right of
the gentleman from New York to offer it.
The SPEAKER stated that this being resolu-
tion day, and the call resting with the State of
New York, the gentleman had a right to insist on
the State being called.
So the resolution being regularly before the
House— *
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved that it be laid on
the table, and asked the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. HALE asked for the reading of the resolu-
tion; which was again read.
Mr. HUDSON desired to inquire whether there
was not an express rule of the House against the
passage of any such resolution ?
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, said there was
an express rule, and an express law against it too.
The SPEAKER'S reply to Mr. Hudson's in-
quiry was not heard.
The question, Shall the resolution be laid on the
table? was then taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 67, nays 50.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
RESOLUTIONS OF NEW JERSEY.
•Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey, by leave, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature o( the
State of New Jersey relative to a light-house at the
mouth of Maurice river, and beacon-lights in New-
ark bay, in said Slate; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey,
by leave,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of ereetiiig a light-hease on
the east point of the mouth of Maurice river, in the State of
New Jersey, and that they report by mil or otherwise.
PAY DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.
Mr. BXJRT said he felt himself constrained' to
ask the House to take up the bill which was on
the Speaker's table to reorganize the Pay depart-
ment of the army. He was sure it would not take
thirty minutes of the time of the House, and he
trusted that no objection would be made to taking
it up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from South Carolina to ask the unani-
mous^consent of the House to take up the bill to
reorganize the Pay department of the army.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The gentleman can ac-
complish his object as well, and accommodate the
rest of us in the same way, by moving a suspen-
sion of the rules, to proceed to business" on the
Speaker's table. Let the business come up in its
order. I move to suspend the rules, to proceed to
business on the Speaker's table in its order.
•Mr. BURT. 1 am afraid of nothing which is
on the Speaker's table. I assure the gentleman
from Illinois that I believe there is so much busi-
ness there that I fear we shall not be able to reach
the bill which i propose to bring before the House.
I trust there will be no objection to taking up the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
objection is made to the proposition of the gentle-
man from South Carolina.
, Mr. BURT. Then I move to suspend the rules,
to take up the bill to which 1 have alluded.
Mr. ASHMUN. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to'the gentleman from South Carolina. If we
had the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union discharged from the consideration of
that bill, and it were on the Speaker's table, there
would be no objection to taking it up.
"Mr. BURT. It is already on the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER announced the question on the
motion of Mr. Bdrt to suspend the rules.
Mr. ASHMUN. I wish to inquire of the
Speaker where the bill stands?
Mr. BURT. It stands on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. It is the eleventh bill on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. ASHMUN made a remark which was in-
audible to the reporter.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and was decided in the negative.
Mr. BOWDON moved that the rules be sus-
pended, for the purpose of enabling him, from the
select committee composed of the members of the
House fiom the Slate of Alabama, to report a bill
for the relief of the citizens of Cedar Bluff, in the
State of Alabama, and for other purposes, accom-
panied by a report in writing.
And the question being taken on the suspension
of the rules, it was decided in the negative.
Mr. WENTWORTH objected to the reception
of reports out of order, and called for their recep-
tion in order.
Mr. BOWDON moved a suspension of the rules,
to allow him to make the report: rejected.
Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, made a report.
TERMINATION OF TERRITORIAL DEBATE.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, Thai all debate in Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union on the bill to establish tile
Teriitoriat Government of Upper California shall cease in
two bourns after the committee shall resume its considera-
tion, (if the committee shall not sooner come to a conclusion
upon the same,) and the committee shall then proceed to
vote on such amendments as may be pending or offered to
the same, and shall report to the House, with such amend-
ments as may he agieed to by the committee
Mr. ROOT wished to make an inquiry of the
gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman fiom
Indiana give way?
Mr. SMITH yielded.
Mr. ROOT only wished to say this to the gyi-
tleman from Indiana: The gentleman had reported
this bill; he was entitled to the full credit of it. Jt
was known that he (Mr. R.) had offered a resolu-
tion instructing the Committee on Territories to
report these territorial bills. For that reason, more
than for any other, he wished to speak. He eould
not hope for an opportunity under this resolution.
He hoped the gentleman would allow the time to
b« postponed until to-morrow at tw«lve o'clock.
Mr. BURT. Is .this debate in order?
Mr. SMITH. This bill was drawn up and or-
dered to be reported by the committee- long bef&ttt"
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio was;
adopted, so that the gentleman's resolution had-no
effect upon that report. I do not wish to close this-
debate, unless it is the disposition of the House to
do so.
Mr. ROOT. We have had one speech on this>
bill; another hour is already appropriated, and but-
one hour will be left under the resolution. 1 wilt.
move to amend the resolution to extend the time-*
until some hour to-morrow which shall suit the.
committee.
Several suggestions as to the hour v/ere made by
gentlemen in their seats; in accordance with which,
Mr. ROOT finally moved to amend the resolu-
tion by substituting for the time indicated therein,
" twejve o'clock'to-morrow."
Mr. SMITH declined to accept the amendment
as a modification of his resolution.
Mr. GREELEY inquired if the resolution in-
cluded both the ternSSna! bills?
The SPEAKER replied that but one bill had
been taken up by the committee, and one bill only
could therefore be the subject of this resolution.
The questions being severally taken, the amend-
ment of Mr. Root was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted.
A motion to reconsider this vote was subse-
quently made by Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, and,
on his motion, was laid on the table.
RESOLUTIONS LEGISLATURE OF VIRGINIA.
Mr. ATKINSON asked the general consent of
the House to present certain resolutions which had
been adopted by the Legislature of Virginia, and .
which he would ask the Clerk to read.
[Cries of " Don't read them!"]
The resolutions were sent up to the table,-but
Mr. A., in compliance with indications in. the ■
House, did not press their reading.
These resolutions, sir, (he was proceeding to
say) 
The SPEAKER interposed and said, the Chair
must state to the gentleman from Virginia that the
resolutions had not been received. If no objection
was made, they wpuld be received.
Objection was made, (by whom the reporter was
unable to see.)
The SPEAKER. Objection is made on the left.
Mr. ATKINSON. I ask that they be read,
then.
The SPEAKER. They will be read by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. ATKINSON. If the gentleman will with-
draw his objection to the reception of the resoiu- .
tions, 1 will withdraw the call for the reading. I
wish only to speak five minutes to the House.
' It is the application (said he) of a sovereign State
of this Union, entitled to be respected in this Hall
and everywhere else 
[Cries of" Order," " order," and objections".]
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the gen-
tleman 's proceeding.
Mr. ATKINSON. I presume there is no ob-
jection. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER repeated ihat objection was
made.
Mr. ATKINSON. Well, I move that the rules
be suspended, for the purpose of presenting a series
of resolutions which have been adopted by the
Legislature of Virginia, and I hope the courtesy
of this House will be extended to me.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended.
So the resolutions were received.
[These lesolutions are the same as those pre-
sented in the Senate on the 5th day of February,
by Mr. IIuxter, and published in this paper.]
Mr. ATKINSON. The resolutions which I pre-
sent, coming from the Legislature of Virginia, [cries
of "Older I"] were adopted two years since 
Mr. RUMSEY. Has the gentleman from Vir-
ginia the right to debate these resolutions?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman irom Virginia
has not proposed any reference of these resolutions.
Mr. ATKINSON. I move to lay these resolu-
tions on the table, and that they be printed; and I
desire to say a word why that should be done.
Mr. RUMSEY. I object to the gentleman's
making any speech.
The SPEAKER called the House to order, and
requested gentlemen to take their seats.
