mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
Mr, HALE. Mr. President, the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, in the course of his re-
marks last evening, stated th&t he had never been
abroad as a foreign minister, and never should be.
1 do not mean to say quite so much as that, for
since I came here, and have seen what foreign
ministers ^re made of, I think we are all in danger.
But I,simply say that I shall not probably go for
some time. I wanttosay a single word in /eferencie
to a single remark which fell from the honorable
Senator from Ohio—without his usual caution, 1
* presume, for he not only weighs his words well
generally, but gives us weighty words. He said
that if we want to raise the reputatiun of our diplo-
matic. corps abroad, it must be done by looking
more to the character of the men sent than to the
amount of their compensation. We must have
respect to the men, and ni^t to money. But when
I look around this floor and see who have been sent
to Russia, and who to France, 1 thought it was
vain to look for better, for, as far as worth of
character could go, it was vain to look further. So
much for that. Sir, I think it is perfectly idle, the
idea is absurd, with all deference to the honoiable
Senator from Ohio. But, sir, the remarks of the
honorable Senators from Alabama and South Car-
olina spoke to my mind -the uniform language
which I have always heard; and that is, that the
amount paid is notoriously inadequate. And 1
trust I may state a fact which occurred in connec-
tion with one of our foreign ministers, without
offending any one. On one occasion of a festival of
some kind in London, in those times when it was
the custom to illuminate the houses of foreign min-
isters on such public occasions, it was observed
that (he house of the American minister was only
half illuminated; that on^-half the building was
still dark. The inquiry arose, what does this mean?
Why is it that on this festival this house is not illu-
minated like the rest? And the humiliating fact
was then trumpeted through the streets of London
that the pay afforded to this minister by his eco-
nomical Government would not allow him to hire
a whole house, and as he had the control of only
half the house, he couid illuminate no more of it.
That fact came to me from a friend who was in
London at the time. It is proposed to add six
thousand dollars to the salary of our Minister to
France, eight thousand to that of our Minister to
Great Britain, and three thousand to that of our
Minister to Russia, so as to make the whole in-
crease $20,000; and it seems to beadmitted,Ido not
say on ail hands—but it seems to be admitted that
tfie compensation is notoriously inadequate; but
gentlemen think this is not the time to propose the
remedy, and this is not the place. I will only re-
peat the remark, that the very time to act is when
we discover the necessity of action; and if we act
on it now, though the measure is lost, it willseive
to bring the matter befoie the country. I would
simply add, that I believe that whoever has noticed
the course of so humble an individual'as myself
here, will have perceived that I have not been in
favor of great and unnecessary salaries; but I be-
heve it is the poorest kind of economy to send our
representatives abroad with such a pitiful compen-
sation as they receive, and without such a full
compensation as a proper respect for our Govern-
ment demands.
I have proposed this amendment believing that
this is the proper time; but if we do not adopt the
amendment, it is still desirable to have a vote on
it, which shall go out and call attention to the facts.
I prefer that a vote be taken, and if the vote be ad-
verse on the one to France, the rest shall be with-
drawn. I have proposed this addition m this case,
because it only makes the whole salary equal to
the ordinary expenses of those in similar stations
living there.
;W. ALLEN. Mr. President, I wish to say one
word. My friend from Alabama states that the
effect of low salaries hitherto has been to abridge
the time of the absence of ministers abroad, and to
bring them home quick. That is undoubtedly true,
sir. And I do not question the fact that ministers
sent abroad return far more willingly with smnll
salaries, than they would with large salaries, and
that, I hold, is one of the strongest arguments in
favor of small salaries. During Gen. Washington's
Administration the Cabinet made a rule that no
minister should be allowed to remain abroad more
than four yeais. The reason for the rule was, that
it wasthoughtbetter thatour ministers representing
the country abroad should £ot be too long "abroad,
where they would naturally become more or less
alienated from their country, and would be moved
by feelings and ideas of the community by which
they were surrounded. That was the reason given;
and' hence on one occasion one of our ministers—
Mr. Middleton, perhaps, from South Carolina—
was recalled, very much to his surprise, and felt
confounded till it was explained to him that the
rule which the Cabinet had adopted did not allow
a longer absence, and that he was recalled under
the rule.
If you increase these salaries so as to enable, a
minister to reside in great splendor abroad, just in
proportion as the facility are given for gratifying
his desires and tastes for extravagance, will he
be incorporated with things abroad, and be more
anxious to remain. Now, sir, my friend from Ala-
bama hashad such experience, and I have had none,
and I think 1 shall never have any. But this argu-
ment is on the ground, that the style of living is
essential to a successful transaction of public busi-
ness. 1 know that there are circumstances which
must attend a man to make him successful abroad;
for instance, it is necessary that the minister have
direct intercourse with the sovereign. For that
reason, we send men of the grade of ministers often-
times when charges d'affaires would answer, it
gives such importance in some courts, that the min-
ister may be admitted to the sovereign, wheieas the
charge would be admitted to the Secretary of State.
I recollect how it was with Commodore Porter
when m Constantinople. He had been charge;
but, in that capacity, could not be admitted.to the
presence of thfi Grand Sultan; and, in consequence,
there was some embarrassment m the transaction
of business. Well, it was proposed, and I think
my friend from Missouri knows something about
it, to give him a higher salary, and to give him a
full commission, with a salary of $9,000. I recol-
lect Commodore Porter saul, No: i want to he
minister resident, with a salary of $6,000, because
that gives me a grade which will admit me to diiect
intercourse with the-sovereign, and saves me from
the expense and trouble of that splendid style of
living which ! should be obliged to adopt, if 1 took
a commission of the first rank. His commission was
put, theiefore, in an intermediate rank between the
first and second—that is to say, minister resident.
Now, suppose we adopt something like the rule
which I 'referred to, that of recalling our ministers
at a given period—as, for instance, once in four
years. For the first year theie is an outfit of
$9,000 and a salary of $9,000, and also for the sec-
ond and third a like salary of $9,000; for the fourth
year a salary of $9,000, and ah allowance for re-
turn of $2,J250; making an aggregate of $47,250,
being an average salary of more than $11,000 per
annum. That is the state of the case, which is
double, within a fraction, what wegive to the Sec-
retary of State, who not only represents the ma-
jesty of the Government at the Court of St. James,
by his instructions to ministers, but in all the courts
in the world, and has large duties to peiform at
home besides. He gets $>6,000. He has to sup-
port his family out of this. I think we had better
adheie to the old system. The Senator from New
Hampshire spoke of my having made reference to
the mode of increasing the respectability of those
sent abroad. 1 only made a hypothetical sugges-
tion. It was that, if our ideas of the proper char-
acter of those who were appointed were founded on
a right standard, these offices would be more likely
to be filled by the appointment of suitable officers.
The Senator thinks I ought to have been more
guarded. There was no necessity for that observ-
ation; for those two persons in this Chamber who
have represented this country abroad are illustra-
tions of the fact that there are men of the highest
character in the nation who can be prevailed upon
to accept these appointments with the present sal-
ary. There is, therefore, no necessity for any
attempt to elevate the character of the nation by
giving money or anything else. But 1 am sure,
that if a minister of the American Government
were to undertake to indulge in the expenses of
wild extravagance, he would be more apt to be
laughed at than admired. I think we had better
try the old system a little longer; at all events, till
we get clear of the national debt.
Mr.NILES. I am very sorry to see the friends
of the-incoming Administration commencing a sys-
tem of raising the salaries of all' public officers.
That this is the intentfon, I think the people will
not fail to discover; and will they not be apt to say,
in the language of a distinguished Senator, " Is
this the entertainment to which we have been in-
vited?" I am not one of those who complain of
the change that has taken place. I did not vote
for the change, but I do not grieve.at it; it may be
for the benefit of the country; 1 trust it will be;
and, with this view, I must say that I have wit-
nessed these several motions far increasing the
salaries of public officers with sincere regret—I am
sincere in what I say—because 1 had some confi-
dence that my friends of the Whig party would be
able to do something for the country, to carry out
some measures for the public good; but to begin in
this way, by providing for office-holders, creating
new missions, raising the salaries of the old and
raising their grade—why, sir, it looks bad. I am
very sorry to witness it, and I would advise my
friends in this Senate to vote against ail such prop-
ositions, and not to show, at the close of this Ad-
ministration, so great an anxiety to increase the
expenses of the Government. Sir, I commend these
considerations to my friends on the other side of
the Chamber. I had one day hoped that they would
enter upon their high duties under circumstances
which would inspire public confidence; and they
are aware that, without that confidence, they will
have very little chance of success. I wish them rea-
sonable success. I hope they may secure the public
confidence, but this movement does not strengthen
that hope. I trust they may at least not break
down within the first four years. We know they
were unfortunate eight years ago; they broke
down suddenly. I hope they may not be thus un-
fortunate on this occasion, but that they may look
to the interests of the country, and seek to deserve
the confidence of the people. But there is no worse
way to secure that confidence than to commence
their administration by an anxiety to make fuither
provision for the officers of the Government, be-
cause the Government does not belong to the office-
holders; it is for the people and of the people.
They should take rare that the public do not be-
come alarmed at the outset. This is not a great
revolution; it is not an overthow of the Demo-
cratic party, and the induction of a government
that is hostile in principle to the previous govern-
ment; it is not an overthrow of the popular party,
as has sometimes been the case in other countries;
it is not the Stuarts that are coming into power;
the country has no occasion to be alarmed; they
have a right to have confidence in the integrity of
the new set of men that are coming into power; but
gentlemen should not exhibit thus early too great
an anxiety for an increase of the honors and re-
wards of office.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I shall vote against
the amendment, though I doubt not, from the con-
current testimony of those best acquainted with the
subject, that the salaries of our ministers abroad
are not adequate to the support of that style of
living which they are compelled to adopt to enable
them to take caie, in the best manner, of the inter-
ests of the country which they represent. But 1
think that this is not the proper mode of making
provision, that it is not the way in which the sub-
ject should be brought before the Senate. It should
undergo a proper investigation; and, 1 will say
beforehand, that I do not think that, after any
amount of investigation, I shall be inclined to vot^
for an increase of the salaries of our foreign minis-
ters. I much prefer to leave the matter as it is in
regard to salaries, and adopt the custom which
prevails with other nations, of supplying our min-
isters abroad with furnished houses. This would
be a permanent investment, and our expenses
would not be materially increased. The relief
which is sought by this proposition would be thus
attained in a mode more economical to the Govern-
ment, and quite as useful to the ministeiv
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I thank the gentleman
from Connecticut for what I really hold to be wise
advice to this side of the Chamber. I believe that
the members of this body could not take a more fatal
step than to disregard that advice*and vote for this
proposition. How does it come before the Senate?
it has already been remarked that it does not come
before us by any report, nor by any statement of
facts, nor by any recommendation from any of
the departments. Where, then, have we the evi-
dence which is to be laid before the country, on
which to base our action ? It does not exist.
Gentlemen will have to vindicate themselves upon
the statements of the Senator from Alabama.
And if I understand him, he does not attempt to
