1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
justify the manner in which it has come before the
Senate. There is wisdom in every word that the
Senator from Connecticut has said.  If the Whigs
commence their administration by showing—and
straws show which way the wind blows—that it is
aleadin" object with them to increase salaries and
to multiply the beneficiaries of this eleemosynary
concern, as the Senator from Tennessee denomi-
nated the Government the other day—if that is to
be the first step in the march of .the Whig party to
the head of the Government, my word for it, the
people of this country wrtl put their feet upon their
necks four years hence, and denounce them before
half that time shall run out. Sir, it does indicate
to my mind a most lamentable ignorance of the
public pulse of this country to make a movement
of this kind at a time like this. But, sir, it is not
a Whig movement.. I do not know how to classify
the gentleman who is the author of the proposition.
I believe he is somewhat repudiated by all classes
in this Chamber. The basis of the proposition is
not Whig, is Fiee-soil, and we are called on to em-
brace it and bend our backs to it.
1 hone we shall take the advice of the Senator
from Connecticut. If 1 could only have my way—
if I hail the imperial power—I would say to all the
employes of this Government, " Servants, be con-
tent with your wages;" and if they were not con-
tent, 1 would compel them to leave the employ-
ment arid give their places to better men. I would
do another thing if I had the power: I would say
to those who are coming from all points of the
compass to this Capitol tor the purpose of obtain-
in0* office, " Go home, and when you are wanted
you will be sent for." 1 would institute an inquiry
into the qualifications and character of individuals,
and when I had found such as were suitable and
worthy to hold office I would bring them forward.
Sir I hope we will take the advice of the Senator
from Connecticut. 1 intend to take it for my own
part: others can do as they please. But let us not,
by adopting this, make it a Whig measure.
Mr. HALE. 1 regret that the Senator should
experience any practical inconvenience in finding
a Senator in this Chamber who is not colored,
marked,'or branded, so that he can tell what he is.
And, sir, lift reproaches me for the paucity of out
numbers, when at the same time he declares that
we are increasing at the rate of a hundred per
cent, per annum. But I can tell the Senator that
if we are not so numerous, we are older in point
• of history than another pai ty which has just come
into power, the Taylor party. And I think if he
will put down their numbers and our ages, he will
find that they will counterbalance each otliei; and
by and by, if we are increasing at the rate of a
hundred per cent., it will be necessary for the Sen-
ator to put a mark upon us, so as to know how
many we are; but as at present we have no over-
seers, we can-act upon our own judgment, and if
it is very difficult, as the Senator says, to tell where
we belong, we have at least the advantage of being
in this position—we have sometimes the privilege
of votin" according to our own judgments. And
let me tell the Senator I lemember an occasion on
which, when ail important subject was pending m
the Legislature of a State, and the vote was about
to be taken, a man that was marked came up to
hies brother members in haste, and asked, whatdiu
the caucus determine in regard to this question.
He was told that they had not taken any vote
upon it. Well, he said, I am relieved; 1 can vote
as I like for once. Now, if there be any thing in-
convenient to the Senator from Kentucky in the
fact of having no distinctive mark, 1 think that
inconvenience is counterbalanced by the advantage
of being able to vote independent of caucus deter-
mination. If the Senator and his friends were in
that condition, my word for it, they would feel all
the better for it. , . , c
Mr BUTLER. When this subject was before
the Senate last night it had nothing like a party
aspect. It was discussed fairly, and Senators on all
sides expressed themselves Without regard to con-
siderations of a party character. This morning;,
gentlemen, however, on all sides seem to appre-
hend that it is a Whig measure. 1 do not beheve
it; but I will say, that if I were satisfied it was so,
and 1 had the testimony of gentlemen who have
been abroad in the character of diplomatic agents
of this Government that the salaries paid to our
foreign ministers are too small, I should not be ae-
terred from consulting the honest convictions o
my judgment because gentlemen choose to give it
a party character. And I now give notice that,
when it comes properly before the Senate in the
shape of a bill, 1 shall move to reduce the salary
of our minister to Chili from nine to six thousaud
dollars. 1 am satisfied, with other Senators who
have spoken, that this is not the place for the in-
troduction of such an amendment as this for grad-
uating the salaries of our foreign ministers; and 1
take occasion to say that many amendments have
been incorporated into this bill which I think are
entirely incongiuous, but the responsibility is not
mine. The very moment that amendments have
been offered that were calculated to embarrass the
bill, I have opposed them, but when I saw that
they continued to be adopted by the Senate, I ac-
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to amend the bill fey-
inserting a new section, providing for the paymesi- :
of certain sums to reimburse the State of Georgia,
for payment for losses caused to Mr. Jarn.igaft by
Indian hostilities.
Mr. ATHERTON opposed the amendment, as
relating to a private claim.
Mr. ATCHISON <
defended it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, and Mr. HER- •
R1EN also advocated the amendment.
Mr. PHELPS opposed it, and asked the yeas
and nays; which werft ordered.
The question was then taken and decided—yeas,
8, nays 39—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Berrien, Borland, Bteesp, John-.
quiesced, and I shall go on now and shall vote for il son of Louisiana, Johnson of Georgia, Mangum, and West-
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp- l! cnt.t—8.
shire. I do not know whether he introduces it by
advice or not—whether it be the hands of Esau,
but'the voice of Jacob 
Mr. HALE. There was no Jacob, nor Esau,
nor lshmael, that said anything about it.
Mr. BUTLER. Then 1 understand that the
Senator introduced it of his own volition, and had
not the advice or cooperation of any one. I am
satisfied that the salaries of our ministers in Eng-
land, Prance, and Russia ought to lie raised; and,
although this is not the proper mode of doing it,
I shall not hesitate to vote m favor of the propo- i
sition, for I beheve that justice requires it. •
Mr. FOOTE. After the information which has \
been laid before the Senate by the Senator irom •
Alabama and others, I would decidedly have been
inclined to increase the salaries of our foreign mm- !
isiers, by some proper provision for that purpose, i
without requiring any further information on the
subject; but, whilst I am thus willing to vote for an
increase of compensation for our ministers abroad,
for the reasons that have been so well stated by
Senators here; and whilst 1 am as willing to vote
for such increase at the piesent momentasl would
he even if the Democratic party had been success-
ful in the Presidential election, yet the enormity
of this proposition is such that 1 cannot give il my
sanction for a single instant.
Mr. RUSK. My vote upon this subject shall
not be determined by any party considerations.
I shall vote against the proposition, not because 1
eott—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Atlierton, Baldwin, Bradbury, Bright^
Calhoun, Cameron, Clarke, Corwin, Davis of" Mississippi,
Davton, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge of iowa, Downs. Felch,
Fitzpatrick; Foote, Greeny Hale, Bauiiin, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson of Mai viand, .! oni:.-, King, Mason, Miller, Nilcs,
Pcarf-e, Phelps, Rusk, Spruance, Sturgeon, Tnrney, Under-
wood, tjpham, Wales, Walker, and Yuiee—39.
So the amendment was rejected. " -
Mr. FOOTE moved to amend the bill by alter-
ing the compensation to the inspectors of the pen-
itentiary, in the District of Columbia, by increasing
the amount.
Mr. CAMERON opposed the amendment, and
stated that there was a necessity for retrenching the
system.
The amendment was rejected. '
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, moved to amend the bill by inserting an
appropriaiion of |C,000 for printing a catalogue of
the Library; which was agreed to.
Mr. P. also moved to amend, by inserting an
appropriation of $15,000 for eompleling the publi-
cation of the works of the Exploring Expedition,,
&c.; which was agreed to—ayes 27, noes not
counted. . . . - ■ .
Mr. P. also moved to amend, by inserting an
i appropriation of $4,000 for certain alterations in .
! the document room and post office of the Senate,
I and the circular room on the upper floor of the
i Capitol; which was agreed to.
i Mr. KING moved to reconsider the vote of last
! evening, on the subject of the custody of the ar-
do not think the salaries of many of our foreign j| chives in Florida; which was agreed to.
ministers entirely too low; 1 believe they are too ^ On motion of Mr. KING, the amendment was
low, and whenever Congress chooses to take the ;j then renewed in a modified form, and agreed to.
subject into consideration, I shall cast my vote to j1 Mr. BRIGHT moved to amend by inserting an
' - i • =• :- tr, appropriation of $20,000 for the payment of com-
missions to the depositaries of the public moneys^
which was agreed to
ncrease them; for I think it is false economy to
send our foreign ministers without a proper com-
pensation. But this amendment proposes to change
a system which has been pursued for torty years.
1 am not prepared to do this, and that in an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill, and at the close of
the session. If this matter came properly up, hav-
1 fjir been looked into by a committee, anu a bill re-
ported to put these salaries upon a proper footing,
where justice would be done to the smallest as well
as to the largest, 1 should 'cheerfully vote not only
for an increase, but for a liberal increase.
Mr. CALHOUN. 1 rise to say a very few
words. My impression is, that a revision ot the
whole of the subject is necessary. 1 think there
ought to be a special salary for each court, because
there are a great variety of circumstances that serve
-to increase the expenses; but tms is a thing w inch
OU"-ht to be done after a very careful examination
of "the subject. It ought to be examined by a
special committee—a committee raised lor that ex-
press purpose. Under these circumstances i can*
not vote for the proposition. It has been pre-
sented without a particle of information, as far as
1 can learn—taken up 1 suppose barely upon indi-
vidual assertion, at a late period of the session,
when there is no time to examine it here or m the
other House. 1 hope the proposition wnl not re-
ceive the sanction ot'the Senate.
Mr. HALE. As the expression of the sense ot
the Senate seems to be that this subject requnes
examination by a committee, and that there is not
sufficient time to act upon it now, on the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Texas, and the Senator
from South Carolina, I will withdraw the amend-
ment, and give notice that I will renew it, it
should live, at the next session.
The amendment was accordingly witlidravvn.
Mr. WESTCOTT moved to amend the brll by
inserting the following:
Foi buoj-b at Nassau river, on the coastof Georgia, ^1,
The amendment was
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, moved to amend the bill
by inserting an appropriation of $16)000 for com-
pleting the~geological survey of the mineral-lands
in Wisconsin, Michigan,and Arkansas^ which was
agreed to. „
■ Mr. ATHERTON moved to amend the bill by .
inserting an appropriation Of $100,000 for com-
pensation for mileage to Senators, &e.; which was
agreed to.
Mr. ATHERTON also moved an amendment,
inserting an appropriation of $,3,893 60, to supply
deficiencies in the appropriation for books; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON moved an amendment, insert-
ing an appropriation of $250, to pay for some work
in the State Department; which was agreed to.
Mr. KING moved to amend the item relating to
the salary of a commissioner to the Sandwich
Islands, by striking out the words "for the salary
of a commissioner, three thousand dollars," and
inserting "for salary and outfit, six thousand dol-
lars."
On this Mr. K. said, if the gentleman appointed
to this office had been called a charge d'affaires, he
would have received a salary of four thousand five
hundred dollars and an outfit; but, inasmuch as he
has been called a commissioner, no provision has
been made with reference to his outfit. It is im-
portant that we should have a commercial agent
at these islands, m order to effect some treaty with
their inhabitants,as they aregreatrecruitmgdep6ts
for our whalemen. To negotiate a commercial
treaty, securing ua proper advantages, it is neces-
sary that we should have a diplomatic agent there,
who should be well provided for, in order to effect
the purposes of such an embassy. In the charac-
I ter of a commissioner, he will doubtless perform
j the duties of a charge d'affaires; as in the case of
| Mr. Niles, who was sent to Austria as" tobacco
