m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
of Congress this House had passed one or more
measures for the extension of civil government to
those Territories, which uniformly failed in th"e
Senate, in consequence of the incumbrance of the
" Wilmpt proviso." The two Houses were con-
stituted now as they were then; and it was well
known that no measure containing the " proviso"
could become a law. All would concede this.
Well; the practical question arose, whether we
would pass a bill without the " provisb," or do
„ nothing? whether we would give the people of
California a government stripped of the " proviso,"
"or leave them in a state of confusion and anarchy?
That was the real question. Information had
reached U3 that our brethren in California were in
lawless and perilous state. The President had
informed him that he had lately received authentic
intelligence from that country advising him of the
murder of a Mr. Reed, his wife, and five children,
and two domestics, by lawless men. This Mr.
Reed had probably emigrated from Illinois a few
years ago, leaving respectable relatives in that
State. Those who should defeat any government
for those Territories, would be morally responsi-
ble before God and man for the violence and evils
which should afflict our brethren there. Upon
their heads innocent blood would rest; upon them
the "damned spot" would canker. Mr. McC.
would vote for any practicable measure proper to
extend governments to our exposed brethren. He
would vote against the^<4 proviso;" but if a bill
could not be passed without its incorporation, he
would even vote for such a bill—looking steadily
to the chance of some sort of government for those
territories.
New Mexico and California had cost us no in-
considerable blood and treasure; those territories
were the trophies of a just and brilliant war; they
teemed with mineral resources, and were desirable
for their climate, soil, and agricultural capabihtes.
They were necessary to the compactness and sym-
metry of our geographical position extending from
ocean to ocean. The bay of San Francisco was
one of the finest harbors in the world, capable of
floating the navies of ail the nations of the earth
in safety. Upon that bay a great city was to
spring up, which should become the mart of the
whale fisheries of the North Pacific; of a large
share of the commerce between Europe and Asia;
and of course of North American commerce seek-
ing markets in the Eastern Wprld. There were
those now living who would see a railroad com-
munication traversing our territories from the At-
lantic to the Pacific. Now, if it should happen
that we should lose these invaluable acquisitions
by withholding from them civil government in
consequence of a willful and perverse tenacity
about the Wilmot pioviso, they who should be
instrumental in producing* this result would have
a fearful responsibility to answer for—they would
be answerable for clipping the wings of our soar-
ing and cuiminatingjJesririy.
iVlr. McC. would have preferred some measure
which would have settled definitely and forever
the question of slavery. The objection that the
population of California was too scanty to bear
the expense of {State government, was a pretence
rather than an objection. The population of Cal-
ifornia befoVe it could be formed into a State would
be as great or greater than that of several of the
States when they were admitted into the Union.
Cettainly money would be found there in the
greatest abundance. Besides, no compulsion was
contemplated; it would be left to the people of the
territory freely to accept or reject our consent to
the formation of a State government.
Mr. McC. had voted to extend our revenue laws
to California. He had done this to increase and
strengthen the motives for extending government,
which would be likely to follow, to secure our rev-
enues there, as well as to augment our revenues.
3t was a senseless clamor that we could not extend
our revenue laws there, because the people of the
Territory were unrepresented in Congress. This
objection would have exempted New Orleans and
every other port from the operation of our revenue
laws during their territorial state. It would ex-
empt the Territories entirely from the legislative
jurisdiction of Congress. It would be, in effect,
the alienation of our Territories. What could be
more absurd? An effort has been made to distin-
guish California from other Territories, upon the
ground that the latter were represented in Congress
delegates. Not so. They were not repre-
sentett, in any constitutional sense. Their dele-
gates sat here, not in virtue of any constitutional
right to demand a seat and to take part in our pro-
ceedings,-but through the courtesy of the House.
And they were not allowed to take a seat in the
Senate at all. They could not vote; and Congress
could not confer upon them that right. The idea
of territorial representation was preposterous. This
was a Congress composed of the Senators and Rep-
resentatives of States. It was among States, not Ter-
ritories, that representatives were apportioned under
the Constitution. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, suggested a verbal
amendment in the section.
After a conversation on a pointof order between
I Mr. MURPHY and the CHAiR.
Mr. MURPHY moved to amend the section as
follows:
But nothing in this act contained shall be held to deprive
the people or the Teiutory ot the rijdu winch was declared
hy the Oommentdl Congress of 1774 i<> belong to the E.i^nsh
colonies in Norm America by the immutable lavvsot naiure,
namely, a hee am! exclusive powt-i or legislation in their
temtoridl legiflatuie, vvh^-ie their righto! ^presentation can
alone be preserved, in ail c.^es 01 taxation and internal
polity, subject only to the appiova! ot ^ouaie^s, in Mich
manner as heretofore used «ind accustomed iu regard to tne
other Territories of the United States, and subject to the
Constitution of the United ritatns; and Mich acts ot Congievs
as are eitheroperative upon the whole ot t,ie United titdtes,
or relate to the public domain in the said Teiniory.
Mr. MURPHY said he trusted he should be
indulged by the House with a few moments for
explanation of this amendment. Jn his view, as
heietofoie expressed on this Uooiy the adoption
or non-adoption of what was termed the Wilmot
proviso was immaterial. He was prepared to go
for or against it, as circumstances might iequire, to
get a government for California; that was to say,
he avowed here that he would vote lor the proviso;
but if it should become necessary to secure an
agreement between the two Hou&es to strike out
that proviso, lie would go foi striking it out. ;
He had repeatedly put himself on this ground: i
that this territory is now free. It slavery would i
go there by fiaud and violence, as his friend from i
Pennsylvania [Mr. Wilmot] had said the other '
day, in spite ot the existing municipal laws of that
temtory, it would go there in spue of any law
which Congress might pass. If the territory were
free, it must remain free; and thuefoie there was
no necessity for passing this prohibitory law, as
there was no harm m either.
But he held it to be the Republican American
doctrine, that, whether as a fetate or Territory,
this question belonged appropriately and exclu-
sively to the people of that Territory or State.
That was the doctrine laid down by the Congress
of 1774, and incorporated iu this amendment. He
wished that the people there, who weie to be af-
fected by it, whose interests and feelings and pros-
not incorporate a bank, or give any fight to issue
scrip, or notes of any kind for circulation, or bor-
row money. These hard-money gentlemen were
perfectly content that Congress should exercise
this power in relation to these subjects; but when
the question of property in mankind was involved
they denied the right of Congress altogether to
legislate upon it. He held them up; let them look
in that mirror; they who were so much concerned
upon the question of bank notes, and were willing
that Congress should exclude from this people the
right to act upon that subject, turned round and
said that Congress had no right to legislate upon
the subject of freedom.
He-withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MURPHY said he wished to say a word
in reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts, and
he would modify his amendment for that purpose,
j The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman could
; not modify his amendment for the purpose of
j enabling him to speak again upon it.
| Mr. MURPHY. Well, I wish to make the ex-
; planation, that this amendment, which i have
, moved, applies to the entire bill, not to this section
I only. [Cries of " Order."]
j The question was taken, and the amendment of
; Mr. Murpiiy was rejected.
j ' Mr. MEADE renewed the amendment of the
\ gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. McClervand.]
j 1 am one of those (said he) who believe that
| slaves may be carried into any portion of the world
j where slavery has not been expressly prohibited,
j and that slaves have never been carried anywhere
j by special legislative provision. It is an interna
;j tional institution; it exists by the acknowledgment
of international law; and the owner of the slave
; may travel to any portion of the world, and hold
his slaves under that law, unless there is a special
provision to the contrary in the country to whic&
he goes. I believe that the local laws of Mexico,
i upon the acquisition of that territory, were abro- •
' gated, so far as they interfered with any of the
rights of any of the citizens of the United States
i living north or south; and this construction has
i been placed upon this question by the conduct of
gentlemen of the North, who are this day sending
into the ports of Sun Francisco articles of property
. that are prohibited by the laws of Mexico from
entering theie, except by paying onerous duties,
and some of which are entirely prohibited. So
; that, according to the practical construction which
gentlemen from the North are giving to the laws
| of Mexico, it appears they may carry any property
| into that territory, except slave property. Thia is
i the construction they give. They set aside the
jaws of Mexico, so far as they prevent the jntro-
] duction of imports of any sort, except slaves; they
! set it aside in their own favor, but say they are
, ,,.ii « - i i ' operative, so far as the South are concerned, when
penty, wl,ose hie, liberty, and propeity, depended n ,hey desire to intioduue into that country, as thev
upon the decision or this question, lie might bay, Jo, their property
should have the decision of U, as they should ot all j] KOW) ] am one'of thosc who be]ieve that th
others. Kefeaied that if they passed this section j- same rights attach to the South upon this question
as would have attached had this conquest been
as reported by the committee, it might be held to
deprive the people of that right in regard to the
question of slavery, and therefore he proposed this
amendment to guard against such a result.
Mr. ASHMUJNf moved a pro forma amendment
to the amendment, for the ptupose (he said) of
contrasting for a moment the doctrines expressed
by that amendment [of Mr. Murphy] and by the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sawyer] with their conduct in relation to a dlifer-
ent portion of the bill. The gentlemen declared
that Congress had no right to control the legisla-
tion of these territories; they laid it down as a
fundamental principle, and they held that Con-
gress, therefore, had no right to pass any laws
here regulating property and life in those territo-
ries.
Mr. SAWYER interposed with a question of
order, and said he understood no amendment had
yet been offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. ASHMUN said, if the gentleman would
keep quiet, he would show him how he [Mr. S.]
stood.
This very bill, (he continued,) in the 6th section
which had been read, and which had passed by
the vigilance of the gentleman from Ohio, sleeping
at his post, provided for the exercise of the same
power by Congiess. it declaied that the jLegisia* I
tuie of the Territory should not do certain thin;
, made by the United States, if every State had been
j a slaveholding State. And nobody would deny,
; nobody would get up here and contend that were
I we all slaveholding States, our citizens would not
: have the right to carry their slaves into that Tern-
! tory.
j ^ 1 have examined the laws of nations on the sub-
| ject. I have examined the decisions of the courts
| of England and of the United States; and notwith-
standing the position assumed at the last session
i of Congress by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
1 Stephens] that the law of Mexico prohibiting
- slavery is still in force in that Territory, yet I find
'■ nothing in those decisions which militates against
: the view of the question which I have taken, that
any law which interferes with the protection of the
institutions of the country conquering or purchas-
i ing any territory is ipso facto abrogated by such
conquest or purchase.
Now, the political relations of the slaves of this
country to the Constitution and the Union would
be essentially altered if, when they arc removed into
that territory, they become freemen. They are now
in this country, as acknowledged by. the Constitu-
tion, the slaves of the white man; and if we take
them into California-, that relation is changed, ac-
cording to the doctrines of northern gentlemen; and,
contrary to the international law laid down by Gro-
tms and quoted by the gentleman from Georgia,
that it should not pass certain taw.; that it ahoSld U they become freemen. f^gard the^ instHution of
