608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27.
* Mr. ASHMUN then moved an amendment to
the end of the second section.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, (to the
Chair.) Is that an amendment to the substitute or
to the original bill?
The CHAIRMAN. It is an amendment to tile
substitute.
Mr. THOMPSON. If so, I insist'that the sub-
stitute shall be read. It has not yet been read.
The substitute was first read through, and was
then read by sections.
And the first section of the substitute being
under consideration, in the words following:.
Be it enacted, That the Congress doth consent that
a new State may he erected out of and. Including all that
, territory ceded to the United States by the treaty of peace,
friendship, limits, and .settlement, with the Republic of
Mexico, concluded second February, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, with a republican form of government, to be
adopted by the inhabitants of said territory, as^efhbled by
delegates in convention as hereinafter provided for that pur-
pose, m order that the said State may be admitted into this
Union-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend it
by striking out from the ninth line the words
"inhabitants of," and inserting the words "citi-
zens of the United States residing there."
Mr. PRESTON accepted the proposed amend-
ment as a modification of his substitute.
Mr. COLLINS moved to amend the first section
of the substitute, by adding thereto the following
words:
" Provided, That there shall be neither slavery nor invol-
untary servitude m the said Slate otherwise than in the pun-
ishment of crimes whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted."
Mr. COLLINS asked for tellers, who were
appointed, (Messrs. Collins and McDowell.)
Mr. McLANE asked that the amendment just
Jroposed by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
ones,] might be read.
The CHAIRMAN said it had been accepted as
a modification by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Preston.]
Mr. ASHMUN called for the reading of the
amendment of Mr. Collins, (which was again
read.)
And the question on the said amendment was
then taken, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
91, nays 87.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McLANE said that he desired to ask the
attention of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Preston] to the amendment which had been pro-
posed by his friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
and accepted as a modification. As that amend-
ment now stood, providing for the suffrages of the
citizens of the United States, the people of Cali-
fornia who had elected to become citizens were
disfranchised.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman would
suspend his remarks until the committee should
come to order.
Mr. McLANE (order having been restored)
proceeded. He said that he desired to inquire of
the Chair, inasmuch as the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had been in-
formally accepted by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Preston,] whether it would now be
in order to move an amendment to that section of
the bill?
The CHAIRMAN said it would be in order by
general consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. The amendment was accepted
as a modification by tfje gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Preston.]
Mr. McLANE. Yes; and I am asking his at-
tention to what he accepted, that he may see how
imperfect the section now is.
Some conversation followed between Messrs.
TOOMBS, PRESTON, and McLANE, which
led to no motion.
No further amendments were offered to this
section.
Mr. MEADE rose to inquire of his colleague,
[Mr. Preston,] whether the first section embraced
the country between the Nueces and the Rio
Grande ?
Mr. PRESTON'S reply was not distinctly
heard; but he was understood to say, that it was
not necessary for him to go into explanation. He
had addressed the committee the other day, and
had said all that he supposed to be necessary in
explanation. .
Mr. MEADE. Then the gentleman declines to
ftswer the question.
The substitute having been gone through with—
Mr. GREELEY moyed the following as an -ad-
ditional section thereto:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the State consti-
tuted by this act shall include all the territory lying east of
the Rio Grande, and embraced within the following bound-
aries, to wit: Commencing at the point in latitude forty-two
north nearest the Arkansas river; thence following the
course of the southern bank of the said river Arkansas,
until it intersects the degree of longitude one hundred west
from London, and twenty-three from Washington ; thence
running by a line due south to the south bank of Red river;
thence by a direct ime to the Rio Grande, at the point where
the southern boundary of New Mexico intersects the same ;
thence we&twardly along the southern boundary of New
Mexico, to the southwest corner thereof; thence north-
wardly along the western boundary of New Mexico, to the
northwest corner thereof; thence by a direct line to the
place ot beginning.
Mr. G., in explanation, said the amendment
simply embraced the territory as described in the
original bill reported from the Committee on the
Territories, it embraced the territory of New
Mexico. Pie understood it to be the object of the
bill to form one State out of California and Ngw
Mexico.
Mr. KAUFMAN wished to inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York whether, by the introduc-
tion of the amendment which he had offered, he
wanted to steal from Texas land enough for his
Fourierite bill to operate upon ?
Mr. GREELEY. I do not think it tfecomes the
Representative from Texas to talk about landsteal-
ing.
He proceeded to say (but in a voice scarcely
audible at the reporter's desk) that it appeared to
him, that without this amendment, there was a
clear surrender of the people of New Mexico to the
dominion of Texas. That people asked to be pro-
tected against the absurd pretensions of Texas;
there was unanimity among them in making this
request. It was eminently necessary, in order to
prevent revolution and bloodshed and wrong there,
that this territory should be included within one
jurisdiction or the other; they had protested against
the rule of Texas. The bill virtually surrendered
them to that rule, by cutting off one portion of
New Mexico and annexing it to California, and
saying nothing about the rest.
By doing this, they would throw the responsi-
bility upon the incoming Administration of saying
whether it would protect the people of New Mex-
ico or not. That responsibility properly rested
upon this Congress. The friends of the new Ad-
ministration ought not to consent to throw it off
upon that Administration. If it should take the
side of Texas, it would alienate the whole people
of the northern States, and vice versa; and it would,
in any event, cause great embarrassment and trou-
ble, which should be avoided by the present Con-
gress doing its duty and coming up to the decision
of this question. Let them settle this question to
whom the responsibility of it belonged. He asked
this House to say, by a direct vote, whether it
intended to surrender the people of that part of
New Mexico to the domination of Texas or not?
The amendment which he offered proposed to give
them the protection of the State which they were
constituting by this bill.
Mr. KAUFMAN asked for the reading of the
amendment of Mr. Greeley; which was read.
He said he would oiler an amendment to that
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN reminded thegentleman that
it would be an amendment in the third degree, and
therefore not in order.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Greeley to the amendment, and it was re-
jected—ayes 59, noes 63.
Mr. H1LLIARD said he would offer an amend-
ment to the amendment, of directly an opposite
character to that of the gentleman from New York.
Pie sent up an amendment providing that the State
to be organized should embrace no territory east
of the Rio Grande.
Fie had felt, (he sai8,) in common with other
( gentlemen, an earnest desire to settle this question,
| and to settle it upon terms honorable and satisfac-
; tory to the whole country. He had given notice of
1 a substitute which he had intended to offer for this
bill. But as the committee had so clearly mani-
fested its purpose to adopt no such substitute, and
no analogous measure, he should decline to offer
Jt, and without even asking a vote upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, he withdrew it.
The question recurring on the substitute of Mr.
Preston, as amended, was taken by tellers—
Messrs. Collins and Toombs—who reported, ayes
none. The noes were not counted.
So the substitute was rejected.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, moved the substi-
tute for the entire bill, of which he had yesterday
given notice, as follows:
Sec. 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That, until the end of the first session ot the next Con-
gress, all and singular the acts of Congress with respect to
trade and intercourse with tiie Indian tribes, and all acts
with regard to the survey and disposition of the public lands,
are hereby extended ov.er the territory acquired from Mex-
ico by the treaty of the second of February, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight; and all and singular the military, civil,
and judicial powers exercised by the officers or the existing
government of the same territory shall be vested in sueh
person or persons, and shall be exercised m such manner,
as the President of the United States shall direct, tor the
maintaining the inhabitants of said territory in the free en-
joyment of their liberty, property, arid religion.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That m order to main-
tain the authority of the United States, and preserve peace
and order ii; said territory, the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized to employ &uch parts
of the land and naval forces of the United States as he
may deem necessary: Provided, nevertheless, That martial
law shall not be proclaimed or declared in &aid territory, nor
any military court established or instituted, except ordinary
courts-martial, for the trial of persons belonging to the
army and navy of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the sum of one
hundred thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated for the purpose of carrying these provisions into
effect, to be paid out of any moneys m the treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GIDDINGS raised the point of order, that
the bill having been gone through and perfected,
and a substitute having been offered and rejected,
another substitute could not be offered.
The CHAIRMAN sustained the point of order.
Mr. EVANS appealed from the decision.
Some conversation arose on the point of order be-
tween Mr. EVATNS, Mr. ROOT, and the CHAIR-
MAN.
The CHAIRMAN, upon more minute examin-
ation of authorities, reversed his decision, and de-
clared the amendment to be in order.
And the question being on the substitute of Mr.
Evans—
Mr. EVANS said, he perhaps ought to say to
the committee that he scarcely expected that his
substitute would be adopted. Yet, if gentlemen
would reflect for a single instant that there was, if
they looked at the question practically, no proba-
bility of the bill under consideration becoming a
law at this session of Congress, and upon our sol-
emn duty and obligation under the treaty we had
recently made with Mexico to provide for the pro-
tection of the people of these territories in some
manner, they must see, it appeared to him, that the
measure which he proposed should receive the sup-
port of the committee. It left the question of the
Wilmot proviso open, and gentlemen might wage
their conflicts upon it hereafter, if they saw lit. It
provided that the laws of the United States in re-
lation to th& public lands and to intercourse with
the Indian tribes, should be extended over the
territory which we had recently acquired from
Mexico.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, inquired of
the gentleman if this was not substantially the
amendment offered by Mr. Webster in the Sen-
ate, and rejected? He asked the gentleman, Why
not take the amendment which had been endorsed
by the Senate?
Mr. EVANS replied that it was substantially
the amendment of Mr. Walker, in the Senate.
Mr. SCHENCK called the gentlemen to order,
for reference to what was done in the Senate. The .
House (he said) did not legislate in reference to
what other branches of the Government were
about, and it was out of order, under the rule, to
refer to their action.
_ Mr. EVANS (resuming) said this was substan-
tially the amendment, then, which gentlemen had
read in the newspapers as having been adopted
elsewhere. It was substantially the same provision
for temporary government as had been extended
by the act of 1803 over Louisiana. It intended
only to provide some government for that people
until the next session of Congress.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to amend the substitute,
by adding thereto the 12th section of the bill.
Mr. EVANS withdrew the substitute.
Mr. RICHARDSON moved the following sub-
stitute for the bill; but before any question was
taken withdrew it, viz:
Sec.—. That the Constitution of the United States and
all and singular the. several acts of Congress respecting the
