1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
against any action here calculated to create any
implication or presumption of the existence of
that right.' If the House were to adopt the amend-
ment, it would be4taken as a strong implication
(.hat Texas was entitled to the jurisdiction claimed,
which he could not for a moment admit.
If the mover of the amendment would so mod-
ify his proposition as to refer the question of juris-
diction to the decision of the people of New Mex-
ico, he would agree to it. That would be to settle
the question upon a .republican principle. But to
throw the decision entirely upon the Supreme
Court, would be to regard these people as though
they were nothing more than & many mules or
buifaloes; it would be making a transfer of them,
under cover of the authority of the Supreme Court,
and against their wishes, to the authorities of
.Texas.
Mr. BA.YLXsaid: The proposition of the gen-
■" tinman from Ohio,fMr. Vinton,] which I have this
mojnent for the first time seen, is of a most extraor-
dinary character; and I do not hesitate to say, that
- if it should pass, it would be a flagrant violation
" of the Constitution; and I cannot but express my
surprise that it should have proceeded from a gen-
tleman of so much intelligence and authority in this
Hall and the country.
It was a decided objection with me to the prop-
osition of my colleague [Mr. Preston] to erect
California and New Mexico into a State, that it
contemplated the reference of-the disputed question
of boundary between Texas and New Mexico to
the Supreme Court. The action of my own State,
upon a memorable occasion, precluded me from
^ making the reference of any such question to that
tribunal. At one time there existed a question of
disputed boundary between the States of Maryland
and Virginia. Maryland expressed her determin-
•ation to bring it before the Supreme Court; but
Virginia, under the lead of such a statesman and
: jurist as Littleton W. Tazewell, made known her
unalterable purpose to submit the question involv-
ing the extent of her sovereign limits, to no tribu-
nal save one of her own selection. She thought it
did not befit sovereignty to submit the question of
its own existence to any judicature whatever.
My own opinion is, that the Supreme Court has
no jurisdiction in any such case. It is true, the
Constitution of the United States extends the juris-
diction of the Supreme Court " to controversies
between two or more States;" but it seems to me
that this clause cannot be-construed to extend to
controversies which might involve the very exist-
; . ence of one of the parties. If the Supreme Court
could by its decree curtail the sovereign limits of
Texas to the Nueces, they could also, as far as the
: . question of power is concerned, fix the Sabine, in
: accordance with the pretensions of Mexico, as the
true boundary of the country we acquired by the
late treaty with that nation; and thus obliterate
- from the record one of the parties to the contro-
versy of-which it assumed jurisdiction. This must
be so; for if the court has jurisdiction, you cannot
r* limit its exercise. If they may deprive a State of a
part of its territory, it may, as far as the question
of power goes, despoil it of the whole, and thus jese
its jurisdiction by annihilating one of the parties.
r To avoid this difficulty, you must confine the ju-
■ risdiction- of the Supreme Court relative to con-
- troversies between States, to such as do not in-
volve their territorial limits, and by consequence,
She existence of the parties themselves. And I am
' confirmed in this opinion by the fact that Con-
gress, although repeatedly urged to do so, have
refused to prescribe by law the form of process
and proceeding to be used in such a case.
In the absence of such a law, I beg to be in-
formed, who is to issue the writ? Upon whom is
it to be served? In a word, who is the represent-
■ ative of a State to sue and be sued ? Is it the Gov-
ernor? 1 If so, why so? If not the Governor, is it
the Legislature? If not the Legislature, is it the
Attorney General of the State? Why the Attor-
ney General? Suppose this difficulty is overcome:
how is the decree to be enforced? Suppose the
unsuccessful State refuses to abide by the decjsion:
how are you to enforce it? Can you coerce a
sovereign State?
In the language of Chief Justice Marshall, my
opinion is, that before the Supreme Court can
rightfully take jurisdiction of a cause, " there
must be parties'to come into court who can be
reached by its process and bound by its power."
I am free to admit, however, in justice to my
colleague, that the Supreme Court has held other-
wise. In the New Jersey case, and subsequently
in the Rhode Island case, the Supreme Court has
entertained cases involving questions of boundary
between States, put it must be remembered,
they voluntarily submitted themselves to its juris-
diction. So it had at the time Virginia refused to
submit to its jurisdiction in controversies involving
the extent of her territorial limits." Virginia hav-
ing taken such a stand, I could not, as one of her
Representatives, mete out to others a measure of
justice to which she refused to submit. This was
a leading objection with me to the proposition of
my colleague, which has met with such a melan-
choly fate.
While New Mexico is a territory, and we have
control over her boundary, we ought to settle the
limits between her and Texas, and not leave it
open, as the proposition of my colleague contem-
plated, to become, as in that event it must, a source
of irritation and strife between those two States,
between which anything but good feeling now
prevails.
But if the proposition of my colleague was ob-
jectionable for these reasons, how much more so
is that of the gentleman from Ohio! He, unlike
my colleague, has no decision of the Court in his
favor; and there is not a color of authority in the
Constitution to sustain him. The language of the
Constitution is, that the judicial power shall extend
" to controversies between two or more States"—
not between a State and Territory. It would be
an anomaly to array such parties against each
other before a judicial tribunal. There is no
equality between the parties, in dignity, in rights,
or indeed in any respect. But if it would be
proper to array such parties against each other in
any judicial tribunal, it certainly would be im-
proper thus to array them in the Supreme Court
of the United States. That court is a department
of the General Government, which is the creature
of the States. The Territories are treated, whether
they rightfully be so or not, as dependents—as
clients, to use the term in its classic meaning—of
the General Government. Can it be proper to
submit a question between the dependent of the
creature, or, if you will have it so, between the
creature itself and one of the sovereign members
of this Confederacy, to a department of the former?
But as bad as this would make the case, it is
still worse. I have no great respect for the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court in questions involv-
ing constitutional law. But the gentleman has.
He is in the habit of bowing implicitly to them,
and quoting their authority upon others. They
may therefore be quoted even by a gentleman oc-
cupying my position against him.
The Supreme Court has decided again and again
that the Territories and the District of Columbia
are not included in the term States, used in the
clause of the Constitution of the United States con-
cerning the Judiciary. Yet the gentleman proposes
by law to thus include them. He proposes to en-
large the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court from
its confines as defined by the Constitution of the
United States, by an act of Congress! The judi-
cial is a coordinate department of the Government.
If you can enlarge its powers by an act of Con-
gress, so you may the powers of the other two
departments, the executive' and the legislative.
Assume this authority, and what becomes of the
Constitution of the United States? Would not
everything like limitation of power be destroyed,
and this Government become, in despite of the Con-
stitution, one which would know no restiaint but
the legislative rule ?
I.have been admonished by my friends against
speaking in this Hall in my present condition; but
1 could not hear such a proposition solemnly pro-
pounded in this Hall without attempting to expose,
as briefly and imperfectly as I have done it, its
monstrous character.
Mr. TOOMBS concurred in the latter portion of
the remarks by the gentleman from Virginia, but
not in the former portion, when he spoke of the
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court over questions
of boundary between States. The judgment of
the court was not matter for us to decide upon.
The courts were authoritative expounders of the
Constitution, as far as this question was concerned-
The Constitution did give to the Supreme Court
this jurisdiction of questions between States. ^He
never before heard an opinion expressed against
this jurisdiction of the e.cmrt. He agreed with the
gentleman from Virginia- that Oopgresa-cpuM not
give jurisdiction to the^courts by legislation. -The,,
provision of the Constitution which gave jurisdic-
tion to the Supreme Court was the supreme'law of
the land; and if gentlemen transgressed it, it,was at '
their peril. But it was a-good objection to the ,
amendment that one of the parties to this contro-
versy was not a State.
He proceeded, however, to consider.a more seri-
ous objection, in w'niclf he showed that the Gov-
ernment of the United States, by the terms of the
annexation resolutions, had taken upon itself the
duty of settling all questions of boundary arising ;
• between Texas and other Governments; and no#,,
having established the claim assumed by Texas,
it was proposed to rob her of it. _ .
He took occasion to denounce the inconsistency
of the course-of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Greeley,] in voting against the bill of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Preston,] which
recognized in these people of New Mexico the
right to make a government for themselves, and
now, on this occasion, coming forth as a champion
of the sovereign will; because, by so doing,'he
might prevent the extension of a certain political
institution—thus legislating with reference to but
one idea.
. He adverted to the consistency of his own
course in opposition to the annexation" of Texas,
and to the war, and stated that, when the United
States went into the contest with Mexico, they
declared to Texas that the pending boundary dis-
pute should be fairly adjusted; and now the gen-,
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] had proposed an
adjustment, to suit himself, in which it was said
to Texas, in effect—If you are not satisfied with,
it, why, sue me. It was proposed, also, to sub-,
mit-this question to the decision of a tribunal
whose jurisdiction of the case was not authorized
by the Constitution. It was a proposition to rob the .
State of Texas of rights held for her as a cestui
que trust, and then tell her, if she should not hap- -
pen to be satisfied with the arrangement, that she
might go to law about it.
^ Some conversation followed between Messrs.
TOOMBS and PETTIT, which was lost; and the
former concluded his remarks by stating, that
Texas claimed that her boundary extended to the
Rio Grande, from its source to its mouth; that that
boundary was recognized by the United States,
and contested by Mexico; that, upon the conclu-
sion of the war, that title was perfected; and now
gentlemen wanted to rob her of it, just as though
there was no Limit to the work of aggression,
Mr. SCHENCK regarded this as another of
the mischievous fruits of the war; and he did nof
believe that any man could tell the amount of
mischief which was destined yet to arise out of
that war with Mexico, and the annexation of
Texas to the United States. Witi} both hands
held up, he would express his desire, if it were
possible, to carry the Union back again to the con-
dition in which it stood before the annexation of
Texas, took place; and he would then like to
submit to the people the question, whether they
would tread the same path agoin.
' By the adoption of the annexation resolutions,
the United States assumed to negotiate for the set-
tlementofallquestionsof boundary between Texas
and other governments, having reference to the
Rio Grande boundary; that inasmuch as Texas,
claimed to the Rio Grande, and Mexico to the
Nueces, that question should be left to a legal.ad-
justment between the United States and Mexico.
The result of the war—the acquisition by the Uni-
ted States of territory beyond" the Rio Grande—
placed the General Government ill the same posi-
tion towards Texas, with reference to boundary,
which Mcxico occupied before we crossed the Rio,
Grande; and this question was now to be settled
between the United States and Texas, instead of
between Mexico and the United States. 1 he U"ni-.
ted States was now saying to Texas tfiat she could
not go to the Rio Grande, because that country had
changed owners. . . - ,
Mr. PETTIT interrupted here, desiring to know
whether the agreement on the part-of the United
States to settle" the boundary of Texas, was m the
nature of a trust, or of a cestui que trust ?
Mr. SCHENCK replied in thejiegative. There
was no such thing as a trustee in tne case, nor  .
cestui que trust. Texas set up a e.laim to the Rip
Grande, which was false and unfounded; but the
United States chose to go to war to assert it. This
