612
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
trust question was all a new idea. He would now
retort upon the gentleman from -Indiana, with a
question in his turn. Did _ the'gentleman believe
that Santa Fgwas ever within the limits of Texas?
Mr. PETTIT replied that Sainta Fe was within
the limits prescribed by the constitution of Texas.
Mr.°SCHENCK said, that was not the question.
We all knew how Texas marked out her bound-
aries.." We all knew, that up to the tirtie of the
war, she never had any possession beyond the
Nueces, except at and around Corpus Christi.
• Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, (interposing, and"
the floor being yielded,) said he had examined with
care the question which the gentleman was consid-
ering,^and he was'of the opinion that Snnta Fe be-
longed as much to the State of Texas, as Cincin-
nati did to the State of Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK continued. He had examined
the question carefully, too, and he had heard opin-
ions expressed upon it; but the opinion of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky was the first opinion going
as far as that, which he ever heard upon the ques-
tion.
Mr. WOODWARD interrupted, and was un-
derstood to ask whether it was not a clear principle
of law, that a judge should not decide in his own
case? and to state, that from the circumstances
under which Texas submitted the settlement of
her boundary to the United States, it could not be
inferred t^at she should subfnit to the umpirage
now, when the United States was a party against
her.
' Mr. SCHENCK replied, that there was no such
thing proposed as that the United States was to be
a judge in the case. The United States might be a
party; but the Supreme Court was to be the judge.
fie took occasion to state hia objection to the
amendment, for he also had an objection to it.^ It
was, that it might show, perhaps, by implication,
that Texas had some sort of right-to the claim set
up by her for territory to the Rio Grande. He
was unwilling to vote for a proposition which
would seem even, by implication, to admit that
Texas had any such right.
He then took a wide range of debate, and re-
hearsed his own course of opposition to annex-
ation and the war from the beginning. He showed
that'he had exposed the injustice and absurdity of
the claim of Texas, and that the friends of the
Administration had been compelled to admit it;
and he argued its want of validity from the history
of the Operations of Genera! Kearny at Santa Fe,
by the establishment of civil government there,
the collection of revenue, and the trial and execu-
tion of eleven of his adopted citizens for treason
against the United States.
He contended, also, that by the terms of the res-
olutions of annexation, it was not admitted that
the boundary line of Texas extended to the Rio
Grande. The language of these resolutions ad-
mitted her with her ,!>' rightful and proper bound-
aries."
Mr. KAUFMAN, interposed, and desired to
ask if there was not in these resolutions a provis-
ion that Texas should govern as far north as 36°
30', and was it not so laid down on the maps?
Mr. SCHENCK admitted all; but the maps, he
said, were made to order, and they had been de-
nounced by Democratic members as a gross fraud.
The provision of 36° 30' was put in on the motion
of a member from Illinois, [Mr Douglas,] now a
Senator, and was employed only as a guli-trap to
catch northern Democratic votes.
Mr. KAUFMAN inquired whether Texas was
a party to that gull-tiap, or whether it-impaired
the legal foice of the resolutions? and if not,
whether Texas should bo made to suffer on ac-
count of it?
Mr. SCHENCK did not consider'Texas in
danger of suffering any loss. Being in the Union,
she would be treated with all kindness; but she
could not pretend to claim any more territory than
she had when she came in.
He proceeded then into a review of the proceed-
ings in connection with the adoption of the annex-
ation resolutions, the history of " the gull-trap,"
and of its success. He contended that an imagin-
ary linej like that of 36° 30', could not settle a
boundary.
Mr. McCLERNAND interposed, and (the floor
being yielded) said, that the original boundary
of Texas, as a Spanish province, extended on the
south and west from- the mouth of the Uio Grande,
lvP that stream to about 27|°, certainly not above
30° north latitude, thence, by the San Saba Moun-
tains to the Red river. Since, and at no time, had
Texas, as an independent State, extended her ac-
tual possessions north of the lower Rio Grande.
Albuquerque, Santa fe,'Taos, and other villages
to the north, had been from the first in the posses-
sion of the Mexican authorities and people, and
were wrested from thenj by conquest.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] in-
sisted that the United States were bound by the
claim of Texas.> Not so. They were bound by
the rights of Texas. Beyond the line of her rights
the United States had succeeded to the rights of
Mexico. Still it was a question ,of expediency,
whether Congress would concede to Texas her
extended boundary.
Mr. SCHENCK (resuming) said he should not
undertake an explanation like that which the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. McClernand] had given.
He preferred to keep to the point from which gen-
tlemen could not escape. He then went back to
the language of the annexation resolutions, reading
and showing that they restricted the new State
annexed to territory " properly included in*, and
rightfully belonging to"that State; and that,among
the qualifications under which Texas came into the
Union, it was specified that she was to come in,
subject to the settlement by this Government of
all questionsof boundaries arising "between Texas
and other Governments."
- He insisted that the .country of New Mexico
never did belong to Texas, and he was unwUling
to do anything that would seem to recognize any
title to it on her part.
He" repeated and elaborated the proposition with
which he commenced, and showed that the country
which originally belonged to Mcxico, belonged
now to the United States, and that the most ready
and righteous settlement of this boundary question
which could be had, was that proposed in the
amendment. Was it possible that theUnited States
established civil government and collected impost
duties at Santa Fo, as a mere trustee ? Was it pos-
sible that the authority of General Kearny at
Santa Fe was under the authorities of Texas, an
imperimn in iniperio ?
He objected to the amendment only because,
by implication, it seemed to admit the title of Texas
to Santa Fe. If we legislate here for the establish-
ment of territorial governments, we should estab-
lish them with all that the United States could
rightfully claim for them.
Mr., then obtained the floor, but gave
way to—
Mr. TOOMBS, who moved that the committee
rise; which was agreed to.
So the committee rose and reported.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, submitted the views of
the minority of said committee upon the bill from
the Senate entitled "An act for the relief of Cad-
walader Wallace," which was this day reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, without
amendment; which minority report was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUDSON asked leave to present a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, objected.
Mr. TOOMBS asked unanimous consent to re-
port a bill.
Mr. HUDSON objected.
And then, on motion of Mr. BAYLY, at half
past four o'clock,
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under the rule,
and leferred:
liy Mr. HUNT : The>ctition of citizens of Cold Spring,
Lomr IManit, in favor of a reduction of postage. 4
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee : The petition and sun-
dry "other papers of Isaac Alway. ot Cocke county, Tennes-
see, praving Congress to place lusn on the roll of invalid
pensioners.
By Mr. ROCKWELL, of Massachusetts: The petition of
Isaa'c Blanchard and 63 otiiers, inhabitants of Florida, Mas-
snchnseUK, for reduction of postage, abolition of tile franking
privilege, &c.  
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 28, 1849.
„ The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United State3,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of State,
containing the information called for by a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 3d ultimo, as to all
treaties of commerce and navigation entered into
with foreign nations, &e.; which was ordered to
be printed.
On motion of Mr. CLARKE, two thousand
additional copies of this document were ordered
to i>e printed..
MEMORIALS, ETC.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, presented addi-
tional documents in relation to the claim of Ville-
neuve Le Blanc; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. DIX presented a memorial from Smith &
Hersey, asking fy a remission of the duties on a
quantity of molasses destroyed by fire; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill making appro-
priations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c.,
and providing for the erection and establishment
of the same; which was read a fiist time.
Mr. D. moved that the bill be now considered;
and the motion, after a brief explanation, was
agreed to.
The bill was then read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Some brief remarks were made by Mr. KING,
Mr. DAVIS of Massachusetts, Mr. RUSK, and
Mr. DAVIS of Mississippi; when the bill was re-
ported without amendment.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and was subsequently read a third'
time and passed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, reported the following House
bills:
An act for the relief of Mary Ann Pollard;
An act for the relief of Henry Childs;
without amendment, recommending that they do
not pass.
Mr. J: also, from the same committee,asked that
the committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petitions of William C. Sterrett
and Mary Wilkinson, and of Mary Hall; which
was agreed to.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
House bill for the relief of Joseph Dana, with an
amendment.
Mr. J. also, from the same committee, reported
the following House bills without amendment, re-
commending their passage:
An act for the relief of Jacob Zimmerman.
An act for the relief of Rebecca Freeman.
An act for the relief of Giles Landon.
Mr. BENTON, from the Select Committee, to
which was referred the memorial of Professor
Page; made a report; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
[The Yeport recommends the insertion of an ap-
propriation of §20,000 in the naval appropriation
bill, to enable Dr. Page to make an experiment on
a large scale.]
RESOLUTION.
Mr. DICKINSON submitted the following res-
olutionj which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Attairs inquire
into the propjiety of authorizing an adjustment by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, upon principles of justice Ttari equity,
of the claims of A. S. & A. W, Benson, arising out ot con-
tract* made with the Navy Department in the \ ear 1841 for
the tiansportation of naval stores to the "Pacific.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A bill from the House for the relief of Solomon
Davis, was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ATCHISON subsequently, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported this bill without
amendment, and asked for its immediate consider-
ation.
The Senate then proceeded to consider "the bill,
which was reported to the Senate with amend-
ment, and was ordered to a third reading. The
bill was then read a third time and passed
A bill from the House, in.relation to the Fox
and Wisconsin river feservation, in the State of
Wisconsin, was read a first and second time, arid
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CALIFORNIA.
A bill from the House to establish the territorial
government of Upper' California, was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee • -
on the Territories. -
