1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
CHANGE OF RULE.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the mes-
sage from the House, transmitting a joint rule in
.relation to the order and mode in which private
bills should be disposed of.
The joint resolution of the Hoilse was taken up
and considered; and,
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the joint res-
olution was laid on the table.
JAMES MOREHEAD. '
On motion of Mr. CAMERON, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the bill for the relief of James Morehead, as
in Committee of the Whole.
After debate, in which Mr. FITZPATRICK,
Mr. BRIGHT, Mr. STURGEON, Mr. CAME-
RON, and Mr. TURNEY, took part, a motion to
postpone the bill indefinitely was made, and de-
cided as follows: Ayes 19, noes 19. The Vice
President gave his vote in the negative, so that the
motion was negatived.
After some further-debate, in which Mr. BRAD-
BURY, Mr. KING, Mr. MASON, and Mr.
BRIGHT, took part, the bill was ordered to a
third reading. The bill was then read a third
time, and passed.
PURSERS.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the bill for the relief of pursers in the navy, |
as to expenditures made in pursuance of orders :
during the war with Mexico, as in Committee of
the Whole.
An amendment moved by Mr. Berrien was
agreed to.
The bill was then reported as amended, the
amendment was concurred in, and the bill was or-
dered to a third reading. The bill was then read
a third time, and passed.
MESSENGERS.
Pn motion of Mr. WALKER, the resolution
reported by the Committee on Contingent Expend-
itures of the Senate, to place Noah Hanson and
William Hedrick on the roll of messengers, was
taken up, considered, amended, and agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the resolution ■
submitte8 by him some days since, rescinding the
resolution .by which Thursday in each week was
set apart for the consideration of private bills, was
taken up and agreed to: Ayes 22, noes 15.
UNION BANK OF FLORIDA.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the prior
orders were postponed, and the Senate proceeded
to consider a bill for the relief of the president and
directors of the Union Bank of Florida, as m Com-
mittee of the Whole.
5 Some discussion took place, in which Mr. DA-
VIS of Mississippi, and Mr. UNDERWOOD ]
took part; when,
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the bill was
laid on the table.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A bill from the House for the relief of Peter M.
Grant was read a' first and second time.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the bill was
considered and ordered to a third reading, and was
subsequently-read a third time and passed.
A joint resolution from the House, authorizing
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives to subscribe for certain
debates and proceedings of Congress, was read a
frst and second'time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Library.
An act supplementary to an act entitled " An act
supplementary to An act entitled an act to encour-
age the cultivation of tropical plants," was read a^j
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the Senate
concurred in the amendment made by the House
of Representatives to the bill declaratory of the act
entitled " An act for the admission of Iowa into the
Union."  
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate then resumed the special order, being
the bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic service of the United States for the year
ending June 30, 1850. . '
The bill having been reported to the Senate with
amendments—
I The amendments were then concurred in, with
the exception of the appropriation of $20,000 for
the remaining MSS. of General Washington, a
similar appropriation of ^20,000 for the purchase
of the MS. papers of the late James Monroe, the
amendment of Mr. Walker in relation to Califor-
nia, and another the character of which was not
understood.
The amendment appropriating'the amount due
to Mexico was also reserved, on motion of Mr.
ATHERTON, as it had been already provided for
in a separate bill, which had passed both Houses.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the last named amendment in relation to the Mex-
ican payment, and decided in the negative.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
* The next question being on concurring in the
amendment appropriating $20,000 for the purchase
of the Washington MSS., and $20,000 for the pur-
chase of the Monroe MSS—
Mr. BERRIEN asked for a division of the
amendment.'
Mr. ATHERTON asked for the yeas and nays
on this amendment, and they were ordered.
The question was then taken on the first branch
of the amendment, viz: the appropriation of twenty
thousand dollars for the residue of the Washing-
ton MSS., and decided as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Badger, Baldwin, Bell,Berrien, Borland,
Clarke, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-
sippi,- Dayton, Douglas, Downs, Foote, Greene, Houston,
Hunter, Johnson-ot Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Jones,
Mangum, Mason, Miller, Pearce, Phelps, Rusk, Spruance,
Uphain, and Wales—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton,
Bradbury,Bright. Butler, Calhoun, Dickinson, Dix, Dodge
of Iowa, Felch, Fire?eiald. Fitzpatrick, Hamlin; Johnson of
Georgia, King, Metcalfe, Wiles Sebastian, bturgeon, Tur-
ney, Underwood, Walker, and Yulee—26.
The question being then on the second branch
of the amendment, appropriating §20,000 for the
purchase of the Monroe MSS., Messrs. DICK-
INSON, BUTLER, and CALHOUN expressed
their intention not to oppose this appropriation
after the recent decision of the Senate.
Mr. WESTCOTT, Mr. ALLEN, and Mr.
FOOTE, made some remarks, when the question
was put, and decided as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Befrien, Borland, But-
ler, Clarke, Corwin, Dayton, Dickinson, Downs, Fitzgerald,
Foote, Gieene, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland,
Johnson of Louisiana, jones, Mangum, Mason, Miller,
Pearee, Rusk, Spruance, Sturgeon, Uphain, Wales, and
Westcott—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Alherton, Benton, Brad-
bury, Bright, Davis of Mississippi, Dix, Dodge of Iowa,
Fetch, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Johnson of Georgia, Metcalfe,
Niles, Sebastian, Turnev, Underwood, Walker, and Yulee—
SO.
The next question being on concurring in the
amendment adopted in committee on motion of
Mr. Walker, relating to a government for Cali-
fornia—
Mr. DIX rose and addressed the Senate at length
in opposition to the amendment.
Mr. DICKINSON rose to address the Senate;
but, as it was so near the hour for taking a recess,
he declined until the Senate should resume their
session.
The Senate then proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, and the doors were not re-
opened until after the hour appointed for a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. DICKINSON addressed the Senate at some
considerable length in favor of the amendment of
Mr. Walker.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, followed on the
same side.
Mr. NILES took the floor after 9 p. m., and
addressed the Senate at length in reply to the sup-
ported of the amendment of Mr. Walker, gener-
ally, closing at 11 o'clock.
Mr: MASON next followed, chiefly in reply to
Mr. Niles, and expressed his hope that the vote
would be taken on the amendment as it stood.
• Mr. PHELPS followed, deprecating a waste of
time in the discussion of slavery on the appropria-
tion bill, and regretting that such a subject should
have been broached at all.
The question was then taken on concurring in
tHfe amendment, and decided ill the affirmative—
yeas 25, nays 18.
Mr. DAYTON renewed his motion for the pur-
chase of Catlin's gallery, and the question was
decided in the negative—yeas 15, nays 21.
After the presentation of some resolutions, the
Senate adjourned at past twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES., ;v
Wednesday, February 28, 1849.-; ^ : y"
The Journal of yesterday was read and Approved.
There was a great contest for the floor.
The SPEAKER (before awarding it to any.
member) said, if there were no more reports from
the Committee on Public Lands, reports would be
in order from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post-Roads.
Mr. GOGGIN rose and addressed the Chair.
Mr. DUNCAN, of-Kentucky, rose to make a
report from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Ddncan] rises to make a report ffoni
the Comgoittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD. So do I.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Kelt
tueky is entitled, to the floor.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. DUNCAN, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported a bill for these-
lief of Peter M. Grant; which was read the third
time and passed, and sent to the Senate for con-
currence.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, to whom
referred the joint resolution from the Senate*'
eni'tied "A resolution to authorize the Secretary
oi i :>.e Treasury to make an equitable settlement,
with the sureties of Robert T. Lytle, late surveyor
general of the district of Ohio," reported the same
bi.'M to the House without amendment; which
rea-Jution was then read the "third time, and
passed.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, to "whom
was referred the bill from the Senate-entitled "An
act to authorize the sale of reserved lands., and for
other purposes," reported the same back to the
House"with an. amendment, accompanied .by. a.'.'
report in writing. '
The question being upon agreeing to the said
amendment—
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN, it was
Oitlzred, That the said bill and amendment be committed
to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the.-
Union.
Mr. BURT rose (he said) to ask the attention
of the House to a resolution, the adoption of' which
he believed to be indispensable to the business
of the House during the residue of the session.
The resolution was in the following words:
Resolved, That all reports that give rise to debate shall He
over one day. . ,
It was very obvious, (Mr. B. remarked,) that
without such a resolution, all the committees ceWld,
not be called for reports. The previous question
and motions to lay on the table could not cut-off
at least one speech. Every gentleman who made
a report could make a spee'eh upon it. The
resolution would oblige a gentleman to move, the
previous question, or, if not, the matter which he
reported must lie over until the following day.
He assured the House that, in his judgment, this
was the only means by which reports of commit-
tees could" be made at this session. '
He hoped that no objection would be made to
the reception of the resolution; but if objection
should be made, he would move that the rules of'
the House be suspended, for the purpose of enabling
him to introduce it.
No objection having been made, the resolution
was received and adopted.
Shortly afterwards, Mr. CONGER moved a re-
consideration of the vote by which the resolution
had been adopted.
Mr.\C. said .he had made the motion for the
purpose of pointing out one of the objections winch,
in his judgment, existed against that resolution.
It must prejudice the public business, inasmuch as
it would embarrass 'the action of the House, in
passing upon certain reports which would be made
in the course of the week from the Committee on
Public Printing, and which, in his opinion, it was
necessary should be acted upon promptly.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to a question of
order. The effect, if not the express design, of
the resolution of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Burt,] wfuch had this morning been
adopted, was to limit debate apon reports made
by committees. If so, under the parliamentary
rule, as he understood it, it was incompetent for
any gentleman to proceed, on a motion to recon-
sider, to discuss the merits of-the resolution.
