014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
The SPEAKER said that the question involved
in the resolution was, whether, debate should be
stopped oi> not. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Conger) had moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the resolution had been adopted.
Mr. CONGER said he did not,wish to debate.
He hoped that the motion to reconsider would be
agreed to, and that the resolution Would be amended
by the.gentleman from Sou.th Carolina.
■ Mr. BURT said he trusted the House would
not reconsider the resolution to which the gentle-
man from New York referred. Its object was to
prevent discussion, and it-would not affect any
report the necessity of which was apparent. The
House had not time to debate; s nd, for one, he
thought one of the most salutary effects of the res-
olution Would be to stop reports from the Com-
mittee on Printing. If it did nothing else, he
thought that'of itself would commend it to the
good sense and to the approbation of this House.
He moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table. Agreed to.
Mr. PUTNAM, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the petitions'of
Hannah Cole and Daniel Milliken, and the bill to
amend "An act granting certain lands to the Ter-
ritory of Iowa, to aid in the improvement of the
navigation of the Des Moines river, in the said
Territory," made adverse reports thereon; which
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, it was 1
Ordered, TlMt the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill to cede to
the State of Ohio all the public lands remaining unsold in
the Chilicothe land district, in that State, for certain pur-
poses therein named, and that the said bill be laid upon the
table.
Mr. BRODHEAD, under instructions of the
Committee on Public Lands, moved that the rules
be suspended, for the purpose of enabling him to
•move that the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill supplementary to an
act entitled "An act supplementary to an act enti-
tled 'An act to encourage the introduction and pro-
mote the cultivation of tropical plants,' " approved
7th July, 1838. - '
And the question being put, Shall the rules be
suspended? it was agreed to.
Mr!. B. accordingly moved to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of
the Union from the said bit!; which motion was
agreed to. ' * •
The House proceeded to the consideration of
the said bill; when
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
And being; engrossed, was accordingly read the
third time and passed, and sent to the Senate for
concurrence.
Mr. COLLAM&R, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient for the United Slates to
grant her public lands to Stnuv>  or corporations for purposes
of internal improvement*; and that the ooMmiUee ask to be
discharged front the further consideration of ail the bills
submitted to them having that object in view,.whether by
alternate sections or otherwise.
The .said resolution, giving rise to debate, was
laid over one day, under the resolution this day
adopted by the House.,
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of sundry citizens of Richland county,
Ohio, praying the passage of a law prohibiting
the ti ansportation of the mail and the delivery of
letters, &c., on the first day of the week, reported
the following resolution, which was read and
agreed to:
Resolved, That it is inexpedient at this time to take any
action on the petition of supdry citizens of Ohio, asking
Congiessto pass laws to prevent the transportation of the
mail on the Sabbath, and prohibiting die delivery of letters
on that day.
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Itoads be discharged from the further consideration of the
petitions of Arthur E. Hall, postmaster at South Quay, Vir-
ginia; of John P. VVan.ock, and of Robert G. Ward &Co.;
and that ihe said petitions be laid upon the table.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the report of the Postmaster
General upon thesclaim of David Shaw and Solo-
mon T. Corser, reported the same back to the
House.
fainted^ sa'd rePort be laid upon the table and
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be discharged from the farther consideration or the
communication of the Postmaster General, and accompany-
ing documents to the Hoetae of Representatives in relation
to offers for carrying the mail for the year ending June 30,
3848; lo contracts for transportation of mail; to such land
and water mails established or ordeied within the year end-
ing June 30,1848; to additional allowances to contiactors;
to "curtailments of mail service, and of fines imposed and
deductions made from pay of co'ntiactors, &c.; aud that the
same be laid upon the table. •
Mr. GOGGIN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the following res-
olution; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
communicate to this House the reason for reducing the fee
of lettei-carriers in the. cities of the Unitud States, if the
same has been done; when and where such reduction was
made; the orders issued thereupon; how long the foimer
rates had been paid, and the rates now paid.
Mr. GOGGIN said he had also been instructed
by the committee to say, that no bill establishing
post routes would be reported during the present
session, as one passed-at the last; and it was not
usual, and not ncccasary, as was supposed, to pass
more than one route bill during a Congress.
Mr. GOGGIN, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution; which was read
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested io
communicate to this House a statement showing the amount
of money paid or contracted to be paid, sipce the 30th June,
1845, out of the revenues of the Post Oftice Depaitinent, for
the use of or on account of ocean steamers cairymg mails,
or intended to carry mails-, between the Umti-U States and
foreign conn trie.-*, with the amount of postages received on
such mail lines, and the rates of postage now existing be-
tween the [Jnited States, Jingiand, Trance, the German
States, and Brazil.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the Senate bill entitled " An act to define the period
of disability imposed upon certain bidders for mail
contracts,' reported the same Lack to the House !
without amendment. ;
The question being upon the third reading of -
the bill— * :
Mr. LINCOLN moved the previous question,
which^Was seconded, and, under the operation
thereof, the bill "was read a third time and passed,
and returned to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be discharged from thoTurthei consideintion of the
petition of citizens Of East Tennessee and Western Vir-
ginia, prayina lor the restoration of four-horse post-coaches
upon the mail route from Blountsviilo,Tennessee; and that
it be laid on the table. ' '
_ Mr. CRANSTON, by leave, presented resolu-
tions of the General Assembly of the State of
Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, in rela-
tion to the use of ardent spirits and the lash in the
navy of the United Stales.
Also, resolutions of the said General Assembly
in relation to slavery m the Territories, and sla-
veryand the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia; which were laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, reported a-i>i!l to incor-
porate the Grand Lodge of the Independent Order
of Odd-Fellows of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice. And debate arising thereon, it
was laid upon the table one day, under the resolu-
tion this day adopted l>y the House.
^.Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the memoiial of
Alexander Hunter, late marshal of the District of
Columbia, made an adverse report thereon; which
was laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the amendments of
the Senate to the bill to amend the act entitled "An
act supplemental to the act for the a'dmission'of the
States of Iowa and Florida into the Union," re-
ported the same back to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that the House concur in the said
amendments.
Debate arising thereon, the bill and amendments
were laid upon the table one day, under the reso-
lution this day adopted?by the House.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred the bill from the
Senate entitled "An act to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to make an arrangement or com-
promise with Mangle M. Quackenboss and his
coobligors, or any of them, for claims on bonds
given by them as sureties to the United States "
reported the same back to the House without
amendment. ' • ,
Ordered, That the said bill be committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the state ot the Union.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill concerning the selection of
jurors in certain courts of the United States; which '
was read twice, and ordered to be engrossed and
retfd a third time; and being engrossed, was ac-
cordingly read a third time and passed, and sent to *
the Senate'for concurrence.
• Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, from the same eom-
mitteei reported a joint resolution authorizing the
purchase of copies of Joseph M. White's work on
land titles; whrch was read twice, when
Mr. COLLAMER moved to amend the said
resolution by inserting after the word " Florida,"
the words " if in his opinion such purchase be ne-
nessary."
The resolution giving -rise to debate, was laid
upon, the table one day under the resolution this
day adopted by the House. .
On motion of Mr. 3. R. INGERSOLL,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciarv be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memorial of
S. F. B. Morse, Alfred Vail, and Amos Kendall; and the me-
morial of Hemy O'Reilly, in reference to the impeachment
of Judge Monroe, and that the said memorial be laid upon
ihe table.
Mr. MEADE moved that the rules be suspend-
ed, for the purpose of enabling him to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States cause
to be made out and transmitted to the ne.xt Congress an al-
phabetical list of all the olhcers under the Federal Govern-
ment, arranged according to departments, and setting forth,
in separale columns, the name of the otfioe, its salary or
emolument*, the birth-place of the incumbent, and thecoun-
t> and Suae m which he lived when appointed, and the date '
of hii appointment.
And the question being put, " Shall the rules be
suspended !" it was decided in the negative.
Mr. FRENCH, from the Committee on'the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to authorize the judge of
the courts of the United States of the fifth circuit,
to hold the circuit court for the distiict of Ken-
tucky; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
and being engrossed was read the third time and
passed, and sent to the Senate for concurrence.
On motion of Mr. HALL, of New York,
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of' the petition of R.
W. Jeffreys, P. Rany, John H. Randall, and others, praying
for the redstabli&hfnent of the United States district court,
for the western district of .Louisiana, and that said petition
be laid upon the table.
On motion of Mr. KING, of Massachusetts,
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged froui the further cpnsideration of the petition
of Joseph Hard away and others, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. KING, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was read and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House be authorized to
pay to the several members who were pre\emed by domes-
tic affliction or sickness, or by accident or casualty on the
ioule,from attendance at the commencement ot the session,
the amount to which they would have been entitled it they
had not been so detained;-and that the Speaker be author-
ized to pay the Delegate from W^eonsm his compensation
from the day when he first appeared in the House as a del- *
egate.
Mr. LYNDE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Churchill Gibbs's administrator, made a report
thereon in writing, which concluded with the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of this case, and that the petitioner havfc
leave to withdraw his papers.
Mr. BOWDON, from the-same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Thomas Beall, accompanicd by a report in writing;
which hili was read twice and committed, and the
bill and report ordered to be printed.
Mr. CATHCART, from the Committee on
Indian,Affairs, to whom w&s referred the petition
of Arba Heald, made a report thereonwhich was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CATHCART, from the' same committee,
to whom was referred the petition ofR. B. Mitch-
ell, made an.adver.se report thereon; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BARRIKGER,
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian AJfyire be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the resolutions of
the Legislature of the State o£ Pennsylvania, isJative to the
providing of a permanent home for the Indian tubes, and
that they be laid on the tabJe.'
