618
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
notorious that the President of the United States
had assumed to himself, without any authority" of
law, without the creation of any such office, with-
out any action of Congress, for the carrying out
the treaty ill this particular, to appoint a commis-
sioner and a surveyor, and to send them out in
the discharge of this duty, and, if report were true,
(and he apprehended it was,) to -go even further
than this, and take upon himself-the legislative
function of- fixing the amount of salary which this
officer should, receive.
If we looked into the Constitution of the United
States', we found that the President might appoint
such officers as were there designated, by and with
the advice and -consent of the Senate, with such
other officers as might from time to tim^ "be
established by (ate." The other day, a gentleman
on his left [Mr. Stanton] had taken occasion,
•when he wtis addressing the-House upon this sub-
ject, to-inquire whether the treaty between the
. United States and Mexico was not the supreme
law of the land? and the treaty being the supreme
law of the land, and providing for the appointment
of a commissioner and a surveyor, whether it did
not, therefore, create these offices? To this he
(Ms. Schenck) answered, emphatically, No; and
to this the Congress of the United States would
reply, Wo, if it had any respect for its rights, for
its character, for its power as the legislative de-
partment of -the Government. As he had then
said, he now repeated, the President himself did
not so understand it. Look into the message of
the President accompanying the treaty when it was
sent to the House of Representatives, and what
- did we find! The President had made a direct
appeal to Congress to pass a law—for what? For
the payment of a commissioner and of a surveyor?
No: to pass a law providing for the appointment/
of those officers, so as to carry into effect that por-
tion of the treaty; thus recognizing, at that time,
that he had no power, without the authority of
the Congress of the United States, to make the
appointment of these officers.
Mr. N1COLL interposed; but what he said was
not heard by the reporter, except the remark that
he should like to hear an argument from the gen-
tleman to show that when these officers were ap-
pointed under the treaty, they were not appointed
Under the law of the land.
Mr. SCHEN-CK said he should speak of that.
The President (he continued) did not then un-
derstand that any such construction should be put
upon-the treaty. He did not then understand that
by that "means the President and Senate might
evade the action of the legislative department of
the Government in creating officers in this country.
It was claimed that the treaty was the supreme
law of the land; that it was an act of quasi legisla-
tion, by which officers were created. What fol-
lowed from that? Why, (hat the President and
Senate might, if they would, under a treaty with
a foreign Government, whether they were at all
pertinent to that treaty or not, fill the whole land
with officers.
But it did not end there. It must fee borne in
mind, that if an officer was appointed, he must be
paid; and the power to create an office by virtue of
a treaty must, if gentlemen were correct, involve
the power to fix the salary for that officer. He
■was aware that gentlemen did not go so far as
that; but it was the result of their doctrine when
carried out.
Now, he asked whether the President and the
Senate of the United States, or the ministers lep-
resentitig this treaty-making power abroad, could,
in conjunction with the ministers of other Govern-
ments, not only appoint officers, but go further,
and provide for the payment of their salaries? How
was the money to be drawn from the treasury of
the United States without law?
[Several Voices; It cannot be.]
It cannot be, (said Mr. S.) How were we to
know how much salary was to be given to these
officers, except by law, and that law passed by
the proper power—by the Congress of the United
States? The President, then, had appointed a
commissioner and a surveyor against hi3 own un-
derstanding of his rights originally. He had sent
them abroad, and he ieft to Congress the poor priv-
ilege of appropriating the money to meet his de-
mands upon theifi.
. But further: what -was to be the tenure of these
offices? It we looked into the treaty we saw noth-
ing except that each Government should appoint a
commissioner and a surveyor to carry out that
treaty. Who was say whether those officers
should be appointed for life,-during good behavior,
or for a number of years? Who but the Governr
ment? and who but the law-making power of the
Government? Yet, here the Pi-esident of the Uni-
ted States, without any Authority to do so, and
against his declared original understanding, had
gone on, not only to create new offices and appoint
persons to fill them, bift to fix their salaries and to
determine, he supposed, what their tenure should
be. He supposed some -commission was given
to these officers; he would like to see it. Could
any gentleman enlighten him, and tell him what
its terms were? What was the form of the certifi-
cate? for what length of time did it-say they shoufd
hold their office? and in \frhat way?
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, (in his seat.) In con-
formity with the treaty, which is the supreme law
of the land.
Mr SCHENCK continued: Well; the treaty
said nothing about it; there was not a word about
the tenure or the salaries in the treaty. He should
have supposed that the President would at least
have let Congress come in, and if his legislation
was not sufficient, allowed them to help him to
carry out the law. But he did not permit that; not
only had he assumed to create the offices, but this
autocrat said he would go further, and fix their
salary and their tenure.
There was not one word in the treaty about the
salary or the tenure. How were these to be sup-
plied? Just by taking step after step in the way
of encroachment upon the prerogatives of this
House and of -Congress, in order to see to what
degree they would carry their complaisant subser-
viency and bow to the behests of royalty. That
was the fact. He wished he was mistaken; he
wished there was something in this pretence of
the treaty being the supreme law of the land which
would justify the President. And he repeated, if
this House was true to itself, if this Congress was
not going, inch by inch, subject by subject, to put
at the control of the President almost, everything,
in the land, there must come a time when Con-
gress should stand fast, and say to the man who
attempted these encroachments,. Thus far shalt
thou go, and no further. Now, did not this pre-
sent itself as a clear case that had arisen m the in-
stance before them, for Congress to take this stand
and do something to protect its own constitutional
rights? It seemed to him that this was a case of
clear, palpable, flagrant violation of the Constitu-
tion and usurpation of legislative power by the
Executive, if there ever could be one. Yet gen-
tlemen seemed to doubt it. As a representative of
the people, he had no more interest in it than any
other representative. What were the assumptions
of one President to-day, might be, if indulged by
Congress, the assumptions of another President
to-morrow, or at some future time. He called
upon gentlemen, if they believed that here was an
assumption of power that ought not to be exer-
cised, in proper respect for the legislative depart-
ment, to take such steps and make such declara-
tions, either in the form of the amendment which
he*had proposed, or in some other form, as to
show the determination of the legislative depart-
ment to maintain its own rights against the usurp-
ations of any other functionary or department of
the Government.
Mr. STANTON said the answer to the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio might be made in a sin-
gle sentence; it was simply this: that this House,
in conjunction with the other, had the right to "ap-
propriate the money necessary to pay the salaries
of these officers or not, its pleasure. But the
offices were established by the treaty; and if the
treaty was to have any validity whatever, it must
be carried into effect by the executive officers of
the Government. Now, the treaty which had been
entered into between this Government and that of
Mexico required this commission to be estab-
lished, oratleast that the commission should com-
mence its work within a particular period.
Mr. SCHENCK (th.e floor having been yielded)
inquired if it was not the fact, that the tieaty pro-
vided that this commissioner and surveyor should
at some future time be appointed by "the Govern-
ment" of the country ? Was not that the lan-
guage ?
Mr. STANTON. True.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I desire that the gen-
tleman' should explain whether, when we speak of
" the Government" of this country, by it is meant
the Chief Executive? Or did the words " the
Government" include the other departments also
Mr. STANTON replied that the amswer to the
gentleman's question-was extremely easy. If the
Constitution of the country required that officers
should be appointed in a particular m'anner, nomi-
nated by the President and confirmed by the Sen-
ate, ana if the Constitution hnew of no oth^r
officers, when an officer was appointed in that
constitutional mode, it was done by the Govern-
ment of the United States, although the Executive
and the Senate acted for the Government by virtue
of the power delegated to them under the Consti-
tution of the country.
Now, where was the objection in the Senate of
the United States to the appointment of the dis-
tinguished gentleman who had been nominated as
commissioner? He understood that that nomina-
tion was unanimously confirmed, and thus that we
had the unanimous sanction of the Senate of the
United States, comprising every member of the
gentleman's party in that body, of the principle
which he had assumed that the only control which
Congress had, or which this House had, was to
withhold, if it saw proper, the salaries which were
to be given to these officers.
Mr. SCHENCK explained, that in whatever he
had said in reference to this subject, he had had no
reference to the individual who had been appointed
commissioner; and for the purpose of his argu-.
ment, he cared not whether he had been unani-
mously confirmed, or confirmed by a bare majority
of the Senate. His position was, that this House
was a part of the law-making power, and it was
not to be rode down by the President and Senate
when they were transcending their constitutional
authority.
Mr. STANTON asked the gentleman, since he
thought that the Government of the United States
could only act through Congress, whether a treaty,
ratified by the President and Senate, was made by
the Government of the United States ?
Mr. SCHENCK was understood to reply that
the treaty-making power was expressly conferred
upon the President and Senate, and therefore that
they were only exercising their legitimate func-
tions in the case presented.
Mr. STANTON (continuing) said, this com-
mission had been appointed, ratified, and con-
firmed by these functionaries, who were appointed
by the Constitution of the United States, and it
remained for this House and the other branch of
Congress either to pay, or to refuse to pay, the
salaries of these officers, an'd that was all the power
which the House had over the subject. This, he
apprehended, was a complete answer to the gentle-
man.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman inform
us, then, who is to fix the salaries?
Mr. STANTON. This House and the other
House may fix them, if they please; or they may
leave the President to do it, at his own discretion.
Mr. SCHENCK made a remark which was lost
to the reporter.
Mr. STANTON said he would present to the
gentleman a case: Suppose Congress passed a law
to authorize a ship-of-war to be built, and directed
that certain agents should be employed, but made
no provision by whom it should be built; he asked
the gentleman whether the President of the United
States, by his subordinate functionaries, had it not
in his power to fix the compensation of the officers
and agents who were employed? And now,in the
absence of any rule regulating it by the Congress
of the United States, the Piesident was bound to
pay these officers a reasonable compensation.
Mr. SCHENCK inquired if it did not belong to
Congress to fix the compensation, as well as to
create the office?
Mr. STANTON replied, that Congress could
fix the salaries. Congress had that right; but if
it did not do it, it was the duty of the President to
pay a reasonable compensation for their services.
Mr. SCHEI^CK asked how he (i. e. the Pres-
ident) could get the money out of the treasury?
• Mr. STANTON. He cannot get it out, unless
we appropriate it. '
Mr. SCHENCK inquired how the President
was to fix the tenure of the offices?
Mr. STANTON replied, that the tenure of the
offices was the running the boundary line. When
that had been executed, the office ceased, necessa- ~
rily. How eise could it be fixed? The treaty
