TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
ment of the United States. In the case of the
treaty for the settlement of the northeastern bound-
ary, there was a stipulation for the appointment of
these officers, and Congress passed a law author-
izing the same, and fixing the salaries of the com-
missioner and surveyor. He had the act then on
his table, but would not refer to it more particu-
larly. So it was with the articles in convention,
entered into between the United States and the
Republic of Texas,'on the 25th" April, 1838. Con-
gress made ajaw carrying that treaty into effect.
And the same was done in the case of a prior treaty
with the Republic of Mexico. He had looked into
the history of all our treaties, and he had observed
that in every case of a treaty of limits, a law of
Congress was necessary to carry it out.
" And now,heasked—as the honorable gentleman
frorn Ohio had also asked—if the President, by
and with the advice of the Senate, had proceeded,
under this treaty, to appoint these officers or agents,
who was to fix their salaries? Common rumor had
given it out that the President had been very lib-
eral in this; that he had fixed the salary of the
commissioner, Col. Weller, at $5,000 per annum,
that of the surveyor at §2,000, and that of the sec-
retary'at $2,000. Where did the President get
his authority for this? He denied that the Presi-
dent had any such authority, and called upon gen-
tlemen to point it out.
Mr. HARALSON interrupted, and desired the
gentleman from Connecticut to state what evidence
there was that these salaries had been fixed as
represented, either by the President or anybody
else?. He wanted a direct answer.
The SPEAKER here announced the hour"of
half-past three o'clock, and the order of the House
for a recess; and, accordingly, the House took a
recess till six o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The "Speaker took the chair precisely at six
o'clock, in execution of the order of the House
this day adopted.
There were but a very few members present.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, rose and addressed the
Chair.
# The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Smith] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB said, that if the gentleman would
yield, he (Mr. C.) would move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SMITH said he was willing to conform to
whatever might be the sense of the House.
After a moment's pause he proceeded.
The House had already decided that it would
hold an evening session; and he thought there was
no doubt that the members generally would be in
attendance in a short space of time. He thought,
therefore, that it would-be belter for him to com-
plete the few remarks which it yet remained for
him to make on the subject before the House.
Mr. S. then proceeded with his remarks.
He observed, that in every single instance in
which the Government of the United States had
entered into or negotiated a treaty or Convention
of-limits stipulating for the appointment of a com-
missioner and surveyor—in every single instance,
it had been thought necessary for Congress to pass
a law creating ihe office, fixing the salary that was
to be affixed to the office, and also declaring its
tenure. He had before him an act of Congress,
passed on the 3d of March, 1843, to carry into
effect the treaty between the United States and
the Government of Greaf Britain for the settle-
ment of the Northeastern boundary question. It
was to be found in the 10th volume of the Laws
of Congress, page 468. There were also a variety
of other treaties of limits to which he might refer,
and he had upon his table the acts of Congress
which related to them. He had also the messages
of the Presidents of the United States, particularly
one by General Jackson, transmitting the treaty
between the United States and Mexico, for set-
tling the boundary of the Sabine, and calling for
legislation by Congress to enable him to carry the
treaty into effect. He had also the act of Congress
passed on the subject. H'e could refer also to the
treaty between the United States and Texas to
settle the same boundary, for the boundary never
was run under the treaty between the United States
and iSdexico, but it was nni by the treaty between
the United States and Texas. And an act of Con-
gress was passed, creating the offices, affixing the
salaries, and prescribing the tenure of the offices.
He'might refer also to the treaty of Florida nego-
tiated in 1819, transmitted to Congress by Mr.
Monroe, with a short message—(much shorter
than state papers of more modern times usually
were)—and calling for legislation to enable him Jp
carry that treaty into effect. And he asserted that
there was and could be no such thing in this coun-
try as an office—(unless- a mere honorary office
where certain duties might be imposed upon some
individual which were to be rendered gratuitously
to the country)—except where the office was cre-
dited; and whenever an office was created, before
compensation was ft> be made to the individual in
consideration of duties to be rendered to the coun-
try, it was absolutely necessary that a law should
be passed declaring the tenure of the office and its
salary. Without such a law he utterly denied that
it was in the power of the executive department of
this Government to make compensation to that
officer upon the principle of a quantum valuit.
Mr. STANTON interposed, and said he hoped
the gentleman from Connecticut did not under-
stand him as having said that the President had
the power to make compensation to an officer, or
to draw money from the treasury without an ap-
propriation made by law for the purpose.
Mr. SMITH continued. Exactly so. He would
come to the question of appropriation directly, and
see how that stood. The gentleman—although he
asserted it to be within the power of the President
to send this commissioner and the Surveyor to run
this line, and although he contended that it was
in the power of the President, on the plea of ne-
cessity, to create a number of officers—yet, he
conceded that the President could not pay him a
penny. Therefore, we were to assume that Col-
onel Weller and his associates, who had left the
country and gone to the Pacific, to San Diego, had
gone without any pecuniary resources, without any
provision having been made by law for the pay-
ment of their salaries, or of one dollar of their ex-
penses; but that they volunteered to do this, and
that no money was taken from the treasury. We
were'to assume this upon the concession of his
honorable friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
unless it could be found that these offices were
either created by the treaty, or had been created
by an appropriation bill, or rather by a clause in
the appropriation bdl of August 12th, 1848. The
clause in that bill was in the following wortls:
" For expenseaof running and marking the boundary line
bptween tlie United Stales and Mexico, and payjng tlie sal-
' aries of the office) s of tlie commission, a sum not exceeding
fifty thousand dollars."
Now, did honorable gentlemen contend that
such a clause as this, so loose and so indefinite,
inserted in an appropriation bill, created these offi-
cers, and authorized the President of the United
States to take money out of the public treasury for
the purpose of paying theic, salaries, or paying
what was denominated by lawyers a quantum
valuit? Now, he declared that this clause had
been inserted in the appropriation bill in anticipa-
tion of the passage of the bill which was now
under consideration, and which had been sent by
the Senate of the United States to the House of
Representatives. He declared that this clause had
not been inserted in the appropriation bill under
any idea of creating an office; that it had not been
inserted under any idea of fixing any salary, or
under any idea of authorizing the President to
create a commissioner, a surveyor, a secretary, a
disbursing agent, and he knew not how many
other officers, including, if rumor might be relied
upon, the commissary.
It was supposed by the Senate and House of
Representatives that the bill would pass' at an
early day—either during the few days that re-
mained of the residue of the last session, or, at
any rate, at an early day in the present session.
The bill in which the appropriation was contained,
made appropriations for the present current fiscal
year;-and, therefore, the two Houses of Congress
said, that before the fiscal year had expired, the
House would undoubtedly pass the bill which had
been sent from the Senate; and that, therefore, in
anticipation of the passage of that bill before the
fiscal year had expired, Congress would make the
appropriation necessary to carry the treaty into
effect. He denied—and he called upon honorable
gentlemen to say—that any one of them dreamed,
when they voted for this clause in the appropria-
tion bill of last August, that they were creating
these1 offices, or authorizing the President to pay
the salaries.
But that he (Mr. S.) was right on this subject,
was apparent from the language use.d in that clause
of the President's message to which he had here-
tofore referred.
• What was a salary ? He would like honorable
gentlemen to consider what was the appropriate
meaning of the term salary? Did it mean an in-
definite sum? Did it mean a quantum valuit? Had
this Government employed Colonel Weller to run
this boundary line for such a compensation as he
might reasonably deserve? Was that a. salary?
No. The word ex vi termini imported a specific
Sum fixed by law, and fixed beforehand, too. He
had not taken the pains to refer to any work or
dictionary on this point; but we all knew that the
import of the term was such as he had staged it
to be.
What, then, did the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives say when they passed this appropria-
tion ? In effect they said this: there is a bill pend-
ing in the House providing for the creation of these
officers, and fixing certain salaries. The House
may not pass it now, but will do so at an early
day in the coming session; and, in anticipation of
that result, we will make an appropriation to pay
these salaries. So far from furnishing an argument
in favor of the ground which had been taken by
his honorable friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] it furnished an argument of a character
directly the reverse. The appropriation anticipa-
ted the passage of this bill; it anticipated that the'
salaries of these officers would be established by
law; it anticipated that" the tenure of these offices
would be fixed; that the bill from the Senate hav-
ing these objects in view would be passed at an
early day either during that or the present session.
He repeated, therefore, that no ground was fur-
nished for the argument of,the gentleman from
Tennessee. He (Mr. S.) cherished sentiments of
high respect for that gentleman, who, it was well
known, was always on the alert in this House
when anything was suggested in derogation of the
conduct of the Executive.
He would now come back to the proposition
with which he had started. He said that thecourse
of proceeding of the President of the United States
on this subject was a rank usurpation; that it was
a palpable violation of the.rights of the House of
Representatives; and he said also that it was a vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States.
Here we found an office created—here we found
officers appointed and sent forth to discharge cer-
tain responsible and important duties without the
assent of the Hpuse of Representatives. And he
would take upon himselflhe responsibility of say-
ing that the President of the United States had
affixed a salary to this office. He made.the state-
ment here and now upon his own responsibility—
he repeated, upon his own responsibility. He had
not examined the archives of the Government, and
could not state the fact of his own knowledge. He
supposed that the President had held with Colonel
Weller some such conversation as this: Why,
how are you, my good friend: I want to come to
an understanding with you. Uncle Sam has got a
little business to do here on that beautiful river
called the Gila. I want you to navigate it—to go
among the hordes of savages that are there. Well,
says Colonel Weller, this is rather a perilous busi-
ness, Mr. President. Probably, my life may be put
somewhat in jeopardy. There are deserts vast,
and wilds uninhabitable to pass. This is to be my
employment. There is no salary affixed, and, good
Mr. President, (accompanying the words with a
low bow,) have the goodness to grant me a quan-
tum valuit. I am of opinion that I ought to have
about five thousand dollars a year. "Why, my
good Colonel Weller, replies the President, the
Senate passed a bill by which your salary was
fixed at three thousand dollars. Is it not best 
(two or three words were lost to the reporter.) Oh!
no, Mr. President, replies the Colonel. You are
the supreme autocrat of the United States of Amer-
ica. You can make war when you please—you
can make peace when you please; you can create
the office; you can fix the pay. And thus these
personages, sitting chcek by jowl in the White
House, came to the conclusion that the honorable
Colonel Weller was entitled to a compensation of
five thousand dollars per annum. And for this he
gavei up even his claim to the governorship of-Ohio.
Then came the surveyor, with a salary of $2,000.
