1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£
Then came the secretary. As for the commis-
sioner, he had been ratified by the Senate without
law and authority. So with the surveyor. But
what should be done with the secretary ? There
•was half a law, one leg of a law standing in Con-
gress. The President got that Senatorial leg on,
and proposed to give the secretary $2,000 a year.
My good neighbors of the House of Representa-
tives, thought the President, and certainly my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] will up-
hold me if I give you, Mr. Secretary, a salary of
$2,000 a year. Then came the commissary, sur-
geon, and other officers ofthis corps thus constitu-
ted, and*they went forth under the authority of the
United States to discharge these duties.
Mr. STANTON interposed, and desired to sup-
pose a case.
Mr. SMITH yielded the floor.
Mr. STANTON. Suppose that Congress should
iass a bill appropriating $500,000 for a Patent Of-
_.ce or any other building: he desired to know
whether the President had not the right to employ,
an architect, and give him a compensation ?
[Here the solar gas lights suddenly (and for the
second time during the evening) went out, and the
Hall was left in thick darkness, penetrated here
and there only by the uncertain light of a sperm
candle.]
Mr. ASHMUN said that with the consent of the
•gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith,] he (Mr.
A.) would move an adjournment.
Mr. SMITH was proceeding to reply to an
inquiry of Mr. Stanton.
Several Members objected to his proceeding.
Mr. SMITH gave way to a motion that the
House adjourn.
The yeas and nays were taken, and the vote
stood—yeas 38, nays 74.
So the House refused to adjourn.
But the SPEAKER said there was no quorum
present.
A call of the House was asked, by whom the
reporter could not see.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL suggested to the Chair
that there was no necessity for the presence of a
quorum on a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER said, no; but whenever it was
detected, on a vote by the yeas and nays, that no
quorum was present, the House could not pro-
ceed with its business until a quorum had been
ascertained to be present.
Mr. SMITH resumed the floor.
Several members objected to his proceeding in
the absence of a quorum.
A call of the House was again moved and re-
fused.
Mr. 80WD0N moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. WENTWORTH rose,to a point of order.
He understood that the gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Smith] claimed the floor, and he (Mr. W.)
submitted that the floor could not be taken from
him.
The SPEAKER said the Chair had decided,
and now again decided, that whenever on a vote
by yeas and nays a quorum was found not to l>e
present, the House could not proceed with its
business until a quorum had been ascertained to
be present. The question now was on the motion
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Bowdon.]
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 38, nays 94; [during which opera-
tiqn the lights again made their appearance^]
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH then continued his remarks.
Now, said he, that we have again plenty of light
in the Hall, I will endeavor to throw some more
light on this subject.
In the first place, (he continued,) he would reply
to the inquiry suggested by his friend from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Stanton,] The gentleman had asked
him whether, if Congress were to pass a law ma-
king appropriations tor the erection of some build-
ing, the President could not employ an architect
to do the work and pay him for it—call it a salary,
or whatever else gentlemen pleased. Undoubtedly,
the President could do so, because there was a law
for it; and lie could notappomt this commissioner,
this surveyor, and tins secretary,^ because there
wno law for it. And that was just the differ-
ence between the two cases. If the President was
authorized to put up a structure, lie c.ould not only
employ an architect and pay him, but he could
employ and pay all the laborers and others that
were needed-, because a general law directing such
an object to be effected necessarily involved an au-
thority to employ all the agencies and means neces-
sary to carry that law into effect. And he (Mr. S.)
would now say to the gentleman, that whenever
Congress should pass a law authorizing the bound-
ary line to be run, and declaring that there should
be appointed a commissioner, surveyor, and other
agencies necessary to the accomplishment of the
object, the President might employ all these per-
sons. The difficulty in the present ease was, that
there was no such law, unless the gentleman from
Tennessee could establish the proposition, that the
stipulation in 'the treaty that the Government of
the United States should appoint a commissioner
and surveyor, was per se a law. And that was
the question which the House was now discuss-
ing. The President from Tennessee declared that
it was no law; here was his language in black and
white—and he had asked Congress to pass a law.
But the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
said there was a law. He (Mr. S.) was willing to
leave this difference to be settled between Mr. Polk
and his friend—the one affirming that there was
no law, the other that there was a law. They
could settle the question between them on Ten-
nessee principles and expositions of constitutional
law. " It will be neecssary," was the language
of the President in the message from which he
(Mr. S.) had before quoted, " that provision should
be made by law for the appointment of a commis-
sioner and surveyor." The President from Ten-
nessee said this was so; the member from Tennes-
see said this was not so.
Mr. STANTON, (interposing.) I suppose the
recommendations of the President referred simply
to provisions for the salaries of these officers which
it was necessary for Congress to make.
Mr. SMITH was understood to say, that the
language was to provide for the appointment of the
officers, and not for their salaries. But he did not
propose to prolong the discussion. He owed many
apologies to the House for having occupied so
much of its time. It only, now remained for him
to explain very briefly the difference between the
bill from the Senate and the substitute proposed by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House.
Mr. S. proceeded to point out tlie difference.
He referred particularly to the fact that the bill
of the Senate proposed that the appointments of
commissioners, &c., should be made ai large—that
was to say, either fiom the civilians of the coun-
try, or from the Corps of Topographical Engi-
neers, or any other corps appertaining to the army
or navy. The Committee on Foreign Affairs pro-
posed to give the performance of these duties
entirely into the hands of the Corps of Topo-
graphical Engineers, where he humbly conceived
it belonged.
What was the duty to be performed ? It was
that of surveying a boundaiy line between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico, and it
was a duty to be performed by scientific men. It
was well known that the duty was of a character
requiring a high order of science for its discharge
—that those engaged in it should be accomplished
astronomers, and should be thoroughly versed in
the higher branches of mathematical science. And
he was of opinion that there were few or no civil-
ians in the country—and certainly no ordinary
civilians—who were competent to discharge this
high and important duty. He intended to say
nothing disrespectful of Colonel Weller—a dis-
claimer which he had designed to make at an
earlier stage of his remarks. The amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs had
no reference to Col. Weller. That gentleman had
been nominated and appointed since this amend-
ment was proposed. It was not, therefore, a blow
aimed by the committee at him. He (Mr. S.)
wished to speak with sentiments of high respect
of that gentleman. He had been associated with
him as a member of this House, and had found
him a very worthy, and, tor aught he knew, a
very honorable gentleman. But he denied that
Colonel Weller, however competent he might be
to command a regiment m Mexico, had the scien-
tific qualifications which were requisite to the dis-
charge of this high duty. But the committee
proposed to put the whole duty into the hands of
the Corps of Topographical Engineers. Mr. S.
then adverted to the organization of that corps,
and paid a high compliment to its efficiency. He
adverted to the fact, that (so incompetent, he said,
were civilians to discharge this duty) the Pres-
ident had ordered a portion of the Corps of-Topo-
graphical Engineers to accompany Colonel Weller.
Lieutenant Colonel Emory went out there in com-
mand of as many of the corps as were thought
necessary to discharge the duty. In fact, that
corps was to do the duty. Why,then, was this
civilian to be sent there to ride up and down the
banks of the Gila, on a mule, for aught he "(Mr*
S.) ktie w ? What was he to do there ? He was no
more wanted there than the fifth wheel of a coach.
He was not of the least use—he had nothing to do
there. The real duty was to be performed by the
Corps of Topographical Engineers. _
Mr. BAYLY rose and inquired whether the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Smith] Would
allow him to ask a question ?
Mr. SMITH said he was about through with
his remarks, but he would yield to the inquiry of
tjie gentleman.
Mr. BAYLY inquired whether there were any
civilians employed ii) running the Northeastern
boundary line?
Mr. SMITH. Certainly. And I say that in
that case the duty was performed by the Corps of
Topographical Engineers.
Mr. BAYLY. Who made the appointment of-
the civilians?
Mr. SMITH. No matter who made it.
[Several Voices: John Tyler.] .
Mr. SMITH, (continuing.) John Tyler—yes,
John Tyler, of Jlccomac. [Loud laughter.] And
I thought that the honorable gentleman from "Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] and his party assumed to have
a more correct, and just, and honest view- of public
affairs than the Whigs. I know well that when-
ever the powers that be—the Democratic powers
that be—are caught in any violation of the laws or
the Constitution of the land, or in any impropriety
of any kind, up jump the Democracy oh the other
side of the House, and say " the Whigs did so
too." I thought you gentlemen pretended that
you had more respect for the Constitution, mote
devotion to the law, and to the interests of the
country, than gentlemen on this side of the House;
and to justify this enormity, you bring in your
Tyler precedents. I say the Corps of Topograph-
ical Engineers did the duty in the case referred to,
and that they must do the duty now.
With these remarks, I leave the subject.
Mr. HARALSON said he wished to make
a few remarks, and he intended, when he had
finished what he had to say, to sit down, and de-
tain the House no longer. He intended, as nearly
as possible, to confine himself to the subject which
was under consideration. The amendment of-the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] as he under-
stood it, provided explicitly that no part of the
appropriation contemplated, by the bill should be
applied in any-manner to thp payment of the com-
mission which had already been appointed to go
on to Mexico, or to recognize any appointment
that had been made; and, upon that amendment,
the gentleman from Ohio made many, if they were
true, very severe remarks against the President of
the United States, declaring that he had usurped
powers which did not belong to him, in appointing
the commission which had already gone to Mexico.
Although it was unnecessary for this argument
particularly to be answered, (for the history of the
whole matter carried the refutation of it upon its
face,) yet he felt that it would not be improper for
him, perhaps, to notice it.
There was, in some respects, a remarkable dif-
ference between the President and those who enter-
tained similar political opinions, and the gentleman
from Ohio and his political associates. The Presi-
dent had had one great object in view—that object
was to carry out the treaty as made by the plenipo-
tentiaries of the two Governments, as ratified by the
Government of Mexico and by the Senate of th$
United States, and imposing upon this Government
the very highest obligations. By the treaty, it was
solemnly provided and Stipulated that the boundary
line should be run within twelve months after the
exchange of ratifications. It was complained of
the President that he had called upon Congress,
by solemn message, to pass a law to authorize the
appointment of commissioners tb carry out this
pait of the treaty. This was done soon after the
exchange of ratifications; the attention of Congress
was called to the subject at an early day. The
President did it, as he (Mr. H.) humbly con-
ceived, because it was tespectful to Congress;
