m-
THEGONG-EESSK3NAL 'GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
not because it. was his imperative duty under the
treaty. Congress being in session, it was proper
that he should submit the subject to Congress,
because, in the execution of all tieaties, there were
certain details which became necessary to be car-
ried out by law. Treaties, from their very nature,
were general in their character, and it required the
passage of certain laws to carry them into execu-
tion in all their details. He would not say it was
the imperative duty of Congress to make the ap-
propriations necessary under the treaty, but he
was sustained by the Constitution in saying that
treaties were the supreme law of the land.
He referred also to that portion of the treaty
which provides that the Mexican citizens living
upon* that portion of the territory which comes
within the possession of the United States, should
have1 the'right to elect whether they will remain
under the Government of the United States, or
•will remove with their property Across the line,
and remain citizens of Mexico; also to that part
which guaranties to Mexico protection against the
incursions of the Indians from our territory, and
which binds us to repel their incursions, and chas-
tise the Indians, if necessary. He urged that these
provisions made it the high antl solemn duty of
the Government to run the line as speedily as pos-
sible, that we might know the extent of our obliga-
tions under the treaty, and discharge them.
The great complaint against the President of the
United States seemed to be, that he had gone to
work too speedily to carry out the provisions of
the treaty; that h.e had not, as many gentlemen
on this? floor had attempted, repudiated the treaty
itself; but.that he had gone forward to carry out
its stipulations, according to their plain sense and
meaning, and within a reasonable time: to say the
least, within the time stipulated in the treaty.
Suppose the President of the United States had
dilly-dallied*(if he might make use of the term)
upon the subject of the appointment of the com-
mission, waiting for the action of Congress:
Congress had, as yet done nothing; and even if
this bill became a law, now at the close of the
session, a commission appointed under it would
hardly be able to reach Santiago—the place desig-
nated fof the meeting of the commissioners of the
two Governments—before the year from the ex-
change of ratifications'had expired.
■ But he would turn to a provision of the Consti-
tutionj in regard tathe constitutional power of the
President of the United States, to show that there
had been no usurpation of powers by him. He
had thought that there was to be a cessation of hos-
tilities, at some time, against the President of the
United States and this much-abused war. Although,
when the war was declared, there were but four-
teen members of the other side of this House who
had voted against it, yet, from that day forward,
there had been an unceasing and general oppo-
sition to it from that side of the House; and finally
they had obtained a majority of this House to de-
clare that this war was " unnecessarily and uncon-
stitutionally begun by the President of the United
States." When was this to cease from those
gentlemen? Opposed to the war, and opposed to
the treaty! After it was ratified, and had become
the supreme law of the land, even then their op-
position did not cease. The proposition had even
bi^n solemnly made by the gentleman from Ohio,
upon the other side, [Mr. Schenck,] to restore the
whole territory to Mexico. He believed, however,
the gentleman proposed to keep the most valuable
part—the Bay of San Francisco.
But it did not cease there. Whether the oppo-
sition which was made to this rrieasure was as
much to the measure itself as a captious opposi-
tion to the President of the United States, he would
leave for the House and for the country to deter-
mine.
He quoted that clause of the Constitution which
declares that—
"Thfc Constitution, and the laws of the United States
whicn fchall be made in pursuance thereof, and all tivaiies
made, or winch shall he made, under the authority of the
United States, [and it would not be doubted, he said, that
this treaty was made 'under the authority of the United
States,'] shall he the supreme law of the land; and the
judges in every Stare shall be bound thereby, anything in the
constitution and laws of any State to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Iieie it wasdistinctly declared that treaties made
by the Government were the <c supreme law of the
land;" and it was the highest obligation of the
kxeeutWe, within the sphere of his constitutional
authority, to see them executed. They were also
binding upon Congress; but to what extent, he
would not now undertake to define. He did not
doubt but it was the province of this House to
withhold appropriations, if they saw fit, to carry
them into.execution; because th§ contrary doc-
trine would be in opposition to that provision #f
the Constitution which required that all appropria-
tions should originate in the House of Representa-
tives. '
He also read the following clause:
"He [the President] shall have power, by and with the
advice and consentof the Senaffe, to make treaties, provided
two-thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall
nominate, and, by and with the advice jind consent of the
Senate, shall appoint ambassadors, other public ministers
and consuls, judges of the Supreme Court, and all other
officers of the United States whose appointments are not
heiem otherwise provided for, and which shall be tstabiished
by Jaw; but the Congress may, by law, vest the appointment
of such infenor officers as they think proper in the President
alone, in the courts ot law, or in the heads ot departments."
Here, he said, it was made the solemn duty of
the President of the United States to appoint all
officers provided for by law. The same Constitu-
tion, in the clausc before quoted, declared that
treaties made under the authority of the United
States were the " supreme law of th& land;" and
the treaty made with Mexico provided that a com-
missioner should be appointed by the United States,
whose duty it should be to proceed- to the territory
and commence his operations, in conjunction with
a commissioner appointed o;i the part of Mexico,
and to run the boundary line as soon as practicable.
Was not the President bound, then, although Con-
gress had passed no law, under this supreme law
of the land, to appoint this commissioner?
But, said the gentleman over the way, Oh! the
President has gone further, and appointed other
officers, such as surveyor, secretary, &c., and
where is the necessity for them ? He read from
the treaty, (an extract with which the reporter is
not furnished,) and said it was contemplated in the
very language of the treaty that there should be a
secretary to keep accounts of all the proceedings
of the commission, as well as surveyors, and other
" necessary" employes and escorts. Could any
sensible man doubt that a secretaiy was necessary,
as well as a surveyor, and a suitable escort?' Surely
it could not reasonably be denied, that if the Pres-
ident had the power to appoint the one, he had to
appoint the others also.
but they were told by the gentleman Trom Con-
necticut that the salaries,of these officers were al-
ready fixed by the President. He referred to the
appropriation contained in the general appropria-
tion bill of the last session, ot $50,0t)0, for the
expenses of running the boundary line, and for pay-
ment of salaries thereof, and argued that the Pres-
ident, after this appropriation, (no provision having
been made by law, and if none were made as to
the salaries,) would be authorized to pay reason-
able compensations to this commission.
But what proof had they that the President had
fixed the salaries? The gentleman from Connec-
ticut, [Mr. Smith,] when the question was directly
put to him, was compelled to admit that he did not
know. The gentleman had said that Rumor told
him that a certain amount of salary had been
agreed upon by the President and the commis-
sioner; that the President and Colonel Weller had
made a treaty on the subject, tie (Mr. H.) called
for the proof. He had long since learned that
Dame Rumor was not very much to be relied, upon.
Rumor had given us various cabinet officers for the
incoming Administration, and probably at every
rising sun Dame Rumor would give a different
version of the report. During the last canvass it
had been said by Rumor that the gentleman from
Connecticut himself had received certain very ex-
traordinary. letters from General Taylor on the
subject of his course upon the Wilmot proviso.
Now he (Mr. H.) did not undertake to say that
Rumor told the truth; the gentleman himself knew
more about that than he possibly could. Some
years ago he believed that the same high authority
—Rumor—had said thatacertain gentleman of con-
siderable character from the State of Ohio had made
a certain incursion into the State of Maine, for the
purpose of making political speeches there, and
that his expenses were paid by the gentleman
from Connecticut. He (Mr. H.) did not pretend*
to say that these things were true; but he men-
tioned them for the purpose of showing how much
credence this ancient dame was entitled to receive.
She had been frequently considered exceedingly
unreliable. ' Unreliable, however, as she was, she
had shown her presence in this Hall, and had taken
a seat upon this floor > and she was referred to as
the only authority upon which a grave and solemn
charge of usurpation was brought forward against
the President of the United States. Gentlemen «
had no authority whatever. ,*
He now called upon the gentleman from .Ohio,
the gentleman from Connecticut, or any other
gentlemen on that side of the House who might
engage in the discussien, to show him the cvi- 5
dence—where was it?—that the President of the
United States and the commission had agreed
upon any amount of salary they were to receive.
Mr. ASHMUN said he understood the gentle-
man from Connecticut to have stated th&t he be-
lieved it. He asHe(i the gentleman from Georgia
if he was authorized to deny it?
Mr. HARALSON. When the charge is made,
it will be time to meet it.
Mr. ASHMUN. I believe it. -
Mr. HARALSON. It is not the first time when
the gentleman from Massachusetts and the gentle-
man from Connecticut have believed things with
regard to the President for which they had no
foundation.
■ Mr. ASHMUN. Does the gentleman know
anything about it? ' ...
Mr. HA.RALSON. It is the part of those who
make the charge to bring the proof.-
Mr. ASHMUN. Does the gentleman deny it?
Mr. HARALSON. Make the charge, and then
I will meet it.
Mr. ASHMUN. I make the charge.
Mr. IIARALSON. Then I deny it, and I call
upon you to bring the proof to sustain it.
Mr. ASHMUN. One week will be soon enough.
Mr. HARALSON (continuing) said, this charge,
like a good many other charges that had been
brought against the President, would be found to
be utterly without foundation. We had heard a
short time since of an awful-protocol, which was
to be made the subject of impeachment of the
President of the United States? but when the
papers were communicated, that charge, like other
charges, had fallen still-born, with no vitality.
Just so it was with this matter. He (Mr. H.)
would not so far reflect upon the intelligence of
the President, even if he were his political oppo-
nent, as to suppose that he and Colonel Weller
could enter into an agreement as to how riiuch the
salary of the latter was to be, when both parties
knew that the matter was liable to be revised and
regulated by Congress, at any time, and. when
they knew that'no compensation at all could be
paid, except by appropriation by Congress.
He did not profess to look- into the hearts of
men—he could not,see their secret workings; but
he must be permitted to fear, at least, that the
object of gentlemen in the movement was political
effect—political effect to be accomplished by ex-
traordinary means, to say the least of them.
He might read various portions- of the treaty
with Mexico, to show the necessity and import-
ance of the-President having taken active meas- ^
ures to execute that part of the treaty which pro-
vided that the boundary line should be run within
a certain stipulated time, especially after his com-
munication to Congress, in which he had called .
upon them to pass such laws as might be neces-
sary to carry out this provision of the treaty, and
after Congress, by solemn act, had appropriated
$50,000 to be applied to running the boundary li.ne
and to the payment of the salaries of the officers
who were to be employed thereon. From various
portions of the treaty it was clearly shown, that
the President, under his oath to sustain the Con-
stitution of the United States, had but faithfully
discharged his obligations under the treaty, and
therefore that he had been guilty of no usurpation,
but had endeavored, within the sphere of his pow-
ers and duties, to appropriate to his country the
fruits of the treaty.
He repeated, he did not deny that it was com-
petent for the Congress of the United States to fix
the amounts of the salaries of the officers of this
commission; that the officers would be compelled
to accept the salaries so provided by law; and
even if there had been an agreement between them
and the President as to their amount, that si^ch
agreement would of course fall powerless, and be
of no binding effect or vitality whatever.
He recurred to the provision of the Constitution
before quoted, relative to the appointing power of
