1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the President, and proceeded to. argue that the
substitute of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
which provided that the President should be con-
fined, in making the appointment of these officers,
to the Topographical Corps, was an infringement
upon the rights of the President under the Consti-
tution. He denied the power of Congress to at-
tempt to restrict the President in making appoint-
ments, by virtue of his constitutional authority, to
*any particular class, and argued that'the discretion
of the President .was unlimited. In saying this,
he intended no attack upon the Topographical
Corps: far from it. He could imagine that there
were many duties to be performed in the running
of a boundary line between the two Republics m
which the science of gentlemen belonging to that
corps would be necessary; yet he would not so
far make an attack upon the gentlemen in civil life
throughout the country as to say that men equally
scientific, equally capable of discharging this im-
portant duty, might not be found in civil life.
In reply to a remark of Mr. Schenck, calling
his attention to his [Mr. S.'s] amendment, he said
the amendment was nothing more nor less than an
-attack upon the President for discharging his duty
iti sending a commission to run the boundary line
in conformity with the stipulations of the treaty
itself. The treaty was the supreme law of the
land; it imposed solemn obligations upon the
Government; and it was the duty of the President
o,f the United States to execute it.
In conclusion, he remarked that he was anx-
ious to have addressed the House at large upon
other subjects, but he would not do so under the
circumstances. All he had to say, now was, that
this attack upon the President of the United States,
like all its illustrious predecessors, would fall
harmless to the ground; and although that high
functionary might not be sustained by the gentle-
man from Ohio, or the gentleman from Connecti-
cut, or those who were politically associated with
them, he (Mr. H.) believed~that he would be sus-
tained by the American people and by posterity:
Mr. ASHMUN next obtained the floor, and said
he did not think that the fate of this bill, or the
circumstances under which they were acting, were
such as to justify any further prolongation of the"
post mortem examination of a defunct Executive.
He thought that this question had been settled by
the American people, and he thought that the gen-
tleman from Georgia, instead of saying that the
American people would settle thi3 question, would
have been compelled, if he had refreshed his mem-
ory, to have said that the American people had
already settled the question, and pronounced their
sentence of condemnation.
To save the time of the House, he moved the
pnevious question, but withdrew it temporarily at
the request of
Mr. WOODWARD, who said: The Constitution
provides, that the " President shall nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
appoint ambassadors, &c., and all other officers of
the United States, whose appointments are not
herein otherwise provided, for, and which shall be
established by law-"
In penning this clause of the Constitution, its
framers were making an assignment of power to
the Executive department, and fixing the limita-
tion of the power. The power is to appoint or
elect an officer to an office; the limitation is,
that the office shall first be established by law.
The phrase, " by law" means by the legislative
department; as the term " President" means, the
Executive department. This division of power
was in conformity to a fundamental principle of
liberty, never lost sight of by the Convention, but
running through the whole frame of the Constitu-
tion. The principle is, that one department shall
make theoffice.and another, theofficer.' The whole
act of creating an office, and appointing an officer,
cannot be performed by either department singly.
Both must cooperate m doing the whole act, and
thereby each is made a check upon the other.
This distribution of power among the seveial de-
partments, making their concurrence .necessary to
the execution of eveiy power, in a broad sense, is
universal m our system, and, besides, was speci-
fically applied to the matter of the appropriation
and. disbursement of the public money, and the
creation of office and of officers—two of the highest
, trusts in the Constitution.
If it be argued, that a treaty is declared by the
Constitution to be law, and that therefore an ofhee
established by treaty, is established by law; you
might go on and say, that a sum of money stipu-
lated and engaged to be paid by treaty, is money
appropriated by law; and, therefore, that the sum
of $15,000,000 agreed to be paid to Mexico and
Mexican claimants is already appropriated. Thus
you would allow a single department, without ask-
ing any question„of theothers, to perform, by itself,
the three acts of creatmgan office, filling that office,
and making the requisite appropriation of money.
There is no way to avoid this conclusion, unless
it be admitted, as a principle, that when the Con-
stitution requires a thing jo be done fry to, it means,
by the legislative department. The spirit and funda-
mental ideas of our system, the plan of the Con-
stitution and its express words, all, go directly to
this effect.
The Constitution is everywhere employed in
the assignment and distribution of powers, and
when it speaks of any act, which is to be done "by
law," it has, in contemplation, the law-making
power; and who will pretend that the treaty-ma-
Icing authorities fall under that denomination?
It is said that the Constitution declares a treaty
to be "law." The idea meant to be conveyed is,
that the Constitution means thereby, to define its
own meaning whenever it uses the word "law,'"
and to bring treaties within that meaning. This
is a grand misconception. When the Constitution
says that u treaties shall be the supreme law of the
land," it means, only, to assert the supremacy of a
treaty. The term "law" is here used as a mere
word of statement, to indicate the subject concern-
ing which supremacy is predicated. 1 say that the
word "law" is used here merely as a word of
statement, and not of definition of what is meant
by that word when used elsewhere in the Consti-
tution.
It was never disputed that a treaty was a law,
in a general sense; but not in every sense. When
the Constitution says: "This Constitution, and the
' taws made m pursuance thereof, and all treaties
« made,*&c., shall be the supreme law of the land,"
it employs the words, constitution, trustees, laws,
in contradistinction to one another; and it is in
this contradjsunct sense, that the word, "law" is
used in the Constitution, when different powers
are assigned and different departments referred to.
What! shall we take the import of a word^where
it is used, incidentally, in a mere statement, as indi-
cating its true construction, when it becomes a word
of power; and that, too, in reference to the most
fundamental principles of the Constitution?
But again: after the Constitution has created
divers offices which shall be filled by the appoint-
ment of the President and Senate, and left the rest
to be created "by law," it adds: "but the Con-
'gress may by law, vest the appointment ot such
i inferior officers, as they think proper, in the Presi-
* dent alone, in the courts of law, or the heads of
( departments."
Admitting, therefore, that an office can be created
by treaty-law, yet it was a mistake to assume, as
a matter of course, that the President and Senate
had the right to appoint the officer. It the Con-
gress please it might give the appointment to a
head of department. There can be no dispute
about this.
Mr. KAUFMAN (interrupting Mr. Wood-
ward) asked whether, it being the duty of the
Piesidentto see the laws executed, (a treaty being
the supreme law of the land,) and having but one
year from the date of the exchange of the ratifica-
tion of the treaty, in which the commissioner and
surveyor were to be at the distant point of San
Diego on the Pacific; and the Congress at its last
session having appropriated fifty thousand dollars
for running the boundary line between Mexico
and the United States, and for the payment of the
" salaries" of those engaged therein; and said Con-
gress not having at the same time changed the
usual mode of appointment by the President and
Senate, by giving the appointment to the " Pres-
ident alone, the courts ot law> or heads of depart-
ment," he (the President) had not good reason to
believe that Congress did not intend to alter the
usual mode of appointment? And whether his
duty did not compel him to save the national faith
from violation, by acting promptly in the matter r
And such was the conclusion, not only oi the
President, but the conclusion of the whole Seriate,
for Colonel Welter's and Mr. Gray's nominations
were xinanbnously confirmed by the Senate by
Whigs as well as Democrats.
Mr. WOODWARD. The gentleman from Texas
need not be sensitive. I am notattacking the Pres-
ident; and were I disposed to do so, I do /lot per-
ceive thatl should have goodground j.for itappeajs ,
that neatly the entire Senate is involved with him..
Two-thirds must have been. Doubtless they all
acted -upon general consultation; and all that I
mean to do -is, to express my opinon, that they
have committed a gross and fundamental error*
As to the incompatibility of certain acts of the last
session on this subject, I suppose they were passed
without a full consciousness of the situation in
which we were placed; as constantly happens'in
the confusion that prevails in this Wall. But no
matter what discrepancy be found in our laws, no
matter what inconvenience we be put to; though
we should be put to inconvenience for five years,
I cannot consent, for anybody's accommodation,
not' for our own, to give up a great principle of
the Constitution, which, once gone,is gone forever
—for a thousand years.
The previous question, moved by Mr. AsHHtnr,
was seconded, and the main question was ordered,
being first on the amendment of Mr. Scheuck.
Mr. BAYLY. Is that amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. The question oTorder'comes
altogether too late, as the amendment has already
been before the House four or five hours. The
Chair would, however, have probably decided the
amendment in order, if the question had been
raised when the amendment was offered.
Mr. HARALSON. Is it m order to move an
amendment to the amendment?
The S.PEAKER. No, The previous question
has been «ioved and seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. WHITE. Is this an amendment to the
original bill?
The SPEAKER. To the original bill.
Mr. J3CHENCK demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment; but withdrew"
the call.
Mr.-JONES, of Tennessee, renewed it.
The yeas and nays were refused by the House.
The question was taken by a division, and 75
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. ASHMUN asked the yeas'and nays.
The SPEAKER stated that they had been re*
fused, and could not again be called for.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked, as a constitu-
tional right, that the vote be again taken on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair was of opinion
that the yeas and nays could be demande_d but
once upon the same question. Otherwise the call
might be renewed every day during the session,
upon the same question. A motion might be made,
however, to reconsider the vote by which the
House refused to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES made that motion.
Mr. SCHENCK raised the point of order, that
the gentleman had voted for the yeas and nays,
and therefore could not move to reconsider.
. Mr. GREELEY said he had voted against or-
dering the yeas and nays, and he would move to
reconsider the vote.
The question was taken, and the vote-was re-
considered.
The question recurring on ordering the yeas and
nays, it was taken and agreed to.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 83, nays 45—as follows:
YEAS—Mcssr*.Abbott,Adam^Aslimun, Blaekmar, Botts,
Hoyden, Brady, Buckner, Cabell, Can by. Chapman, Cocke,
Corurer, Cranston, Crisfield, Crowell, Crozier, Dickey, Dix-
on, Duer, Dunn, Bdwairts, Embree, Alexander Evans, Na-
than Evans, Farrelly, Fi-her, Floumoy, Fioediey, Gaines,
Gentry, Giddirigs, Gogum, Gutt, Gieeley, GiimieD, Nathau
K. Hail, James G. Hampton, llenrj, Hubbard, Hudson, Jo-
seph It. Iiigersoll, Thomas' Butier Kti:g, Daniel P. King,
Levin, Lincoln, I-Ioiaee Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Morehead,
Neteon, Newell, Outlaw, Paltre), Preston, Putnam, Rey-
nolds, Julms Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman. Rosy,
Root, Rninspv, Sr. John, Schenck, Shepperd, Shmiil,"
Shtigeiland, Caleb B. Smiih, Truman Smith, Andrew Stew-
ait, Talhnadse, Taylor, Tinbodaiu, John B. Thompson,
Tompkins, Tuck, Van Djke, Vinton, Wairen, White,
Wilson, ami Woodward—83.
NAVS—Messrs. Bowdon, Bridges,William G. Brown, Al-
bert G. Brown, Burt, Cathcart, Franklin Clark. Howell
Cobb, Daniel, Darling, Faian, French, Fulion, Haminnns,
Haralson, Harris, Henlev, Hill, Geoige S. Hmi-ton. Charles
J. Iiigersoll, Jameson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
Kaufman. Sidney Lawience, Lcffler, Lmon, Lumpkin,
Lvnrlc, McCiornand, Job Mann, Mon is, Nicoil, Pctric, Piis-
bury. Smait, Stanton, Charles E. Stu;-rt. Str«.o<f, Thomas,
Ilobeit A. Thompson, Thurston, Wcmwoiui, Wick, and
Wilmot—'3.3,
So the amendment was agreed to.
