626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
, Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, asked that the
Kill be now considered; but objection being made,
the motion did notjirevail.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the sixteenth joinnule be so far suspended
as to permit the transmission to either House of bills passed
in either House this day.
Mr. MASON submitted the following: resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the hour of meeting of the Senate be at
eleven o'clock from this day until the end of the piesent
session.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill to provide
for carrying into effect the fifth article of the treaty
between the United States and the Mexican Re-
public, for establishing the boundary line between
them, was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
On motion of Mr. BREESE, the Committee on
Public Lands were discharged from the fuither
consideration of a number of memorials.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, the Committee on
the Judiciary were dischrrged from the further
consideration of several memorials.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the prior orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider the bill for the relief of Jamea. Hotchkiss.
The bill was then considered as in Committee of
the Whole, ar.d was amended, on motion of Mr.
DOUGLAS, and was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to a third reading. It was subsequently
read a third time and passed.
BILLS FROM THE HOUSE.
A bill from the House for the relief of Cedar
Blum, of the State of Alabama, and for other
puipose^, was read nfiist and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill from the House to remit the duties on
certain goods destroyed by fire in the State of New
York, was read a first and second time.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill was laid #
on the table for the present.
An act concerning the selection of jurors jn cer-
'tain courts of the United States was read a first
ahd second time,and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
RECONSIDERATION.
The Senate took up for consideration the mo-
tion made some days ago by Mr. Niles, to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill authorizing a
patent to be issued to William Green; and the
motion was agreed to.
The bill was then amended, on motion of Mr.
MILLER, and was read a third time and passed.
The bill in relation to the Fox and Wisconsin
river reservations in the State of Wisconsin, was
considered, and after a few remarks from Mr.
WALKER, was read a third time and passed.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN LOUISIANA.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill to amend an act entitled " An
act to regulate the mode of practice in the courts
of the United States for the District of Louisiana,"
approved May 26, 1824.
tMr. PHELPS. Mr. President, I had the honor
of being on the Committee on the Judiciary when
this subject was submitted to their consideration.
This is a very important bill. It proposes to
change entirely the practice of the United States
courts in the State of Louisiana. I have- very
strong doubts whether this bill should pass.
The history of the bill is this: The proceedings
of the State courts of Louisiana are conformed to
the civil law; and not very long since a bill in
chancery was brought according to the English
chancery practice and the practice ruling in this
country, and the question raised whether the courts
of the United States in that district could entertain
a bill in chanceiy in conformity with the common
law piactice, This question came to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and that court decided
that it was competent for the United States courts
in that district to sustain a bill in chancery accord-
ing to the practice of the common law, although it
was not in conformity with the local practice.
The purpose of this bill is to overrule that decis-
ion. I have great doubt whether it should pass.
So far us the local administration of justice is
-concerned, it ia doubtless proper to confoign to the
practice of the State; but it is to be understood
that the jurisdiction of the United States courts is
exercised generally between citizens of different
States. This is one source of their jurisdiction.
Now, whether it be proper to limit every plaintiff
who resorts to the United States courts in that
State to the peculiar practice of the State, is a
question which, in my mind, admits, to say the
least of it, of very serious doubts.
Sir, I should prefer myself that a uniform prac-
tice in the courts of the United States should be
preserved. I think it all-important that citizens of
the United States, resorting to the jurisdiction of
the United States, should find-one and the same
remedy, and one and the same course of proceed-
ings in every court. I know, to be sure, that it is
a matter of solicitude to gentlemen practising in
that Stafe; but when I had a seat on the Judiciary
Committee I was furnished with a strong repre-
sentation of this measure and a very strong remon-
strance against it. Under these circumstances, I
am willing to leave the subject to the decision of
those who are more interested in the matter than
I am. But I cannot permit a question of this im-
portance to pass the Senate without calling their
attention to it. It is a matter of indifference to
me whether or not the bill be passed; but, regard-
ing it as I do, as introducing a very important, a
radical change in the proceedings of that court, I
thought it my duty to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to its purpose.
Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, although
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Downs] said
this bill would give rise to no debate, it will, not-
withstanding, give rise to a long debate. It is a
bill of very great importance, at least it is so con-
sidered by some gentlemen, and will, therefore, be
debated at consideiable length, and must necessa-
rily consume much time that had better be appio-
priated to the consideration of other and more im-
portant business. I move, therefore, that the biil
be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PANAMA RAILROAD.
Mr. BENTON said there were two bills which
were reported to the Senate in the early part of
the session, and both of which were now ready for
final action. These bills had been called up for action
several times; their merits and demerits had been
discussed over and over again. They had been
passed by, and other bills, which had started up
extemporaneously, had taken their places. He
wished to have these bills considered and acted
upon, and the vote taken now; and, so far as he
was concerned, it could be taken without one word
of debate. One of these bills was the General
Post Oifice bill, under the charge of the Senator
from Connecticut, (chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads,) and the other was
the bill making compensation for the transporta-
tion of the mails, munitions of war, dec., across the
Isthmus of Panama. These two bills, so far as
he was concerned, were ripe for final action, fie
was willing that they should take up the Panama
bill for the final vote upon it; and he would move
that the prior orders of the day be postponed that
they might proceed to the consideration of that bill.
Mr, ATHERTON hoped that the bill would not
be taken up. He was sjire that it would give rise
to a long debate. It was the intention of several
Senators to enter into a full discussion of the
subjcct whenever it should be brought before the
Senate.
Mr. CLARKE said he thought, that notwith-
standing the advanced stage of the session, some
action should be had on this bill. He was certain
that it might be passed without debate. He could
not permit this opportunity to pass without ex-
pressing his strong convictions that some action
should be had on the bill. He desired that the
Senate.should come to a vote on it. He hoped,
theiefore, that the Senate would consent to take
up the bill.
Mr. WALKER said he heard gentlemen say
this bill could be disposed of in fifteen minutes.
If it should be disposed of in fifteen minutes, all
he had to say was, that he would consider it an
instance of most hasty and ill-advised legislative
action. He thought a bill of such great import-
ance should not be disposed of in fifteen minutes,
nor without the most calm, deliberate, and circum-
spect consideration.
But the bill could not and would not be disposed
of in fifteen minutes. If taken up now, it would
consume nearly all the residue of the session. He
knew many gentlemen who had prepared them-
selves to discuss the question in all its merits,
bearings, and phases. Rival propositions would
he brought forward, and the whole subject opened
up for discussion. If the bill should be called up
now, he should feel it his duty to express his
views upon U, and it would take a very decided
expression on the part of the Senate to restrain
him within the limits of a fifteen minutes' speech.
Mr. ATHERTON hoped that gentlemen would
not insist upon taking up the bill. He felt assured
that it would consume much more time than could
be spared at that stage of the session.
Mr. NILES said that, as chairman of the com-
mittee which had reported the post office bill, he
felt it his duty to ask the Senate to take up that
bill at once, and dispose of it as speedily as possi-
ble. He said it had been brought forward at an
early period of the session, it had been discussed
at considerable length, and certainly to an extent
that rendered all further discussion useless. Sen-
ators were all familiar with its provisions: all
knew what it proposed. He had waited a long
time to get it before the Senate, and now he felt it
to be his duty to himself and to the people of the
country to insist upon its speedy disposition. Pie
said there was no measure so loudly called for by
the people of the country. There was no meas-
ure which had been so strongly urged upon Con-
gress by the people—no measure in favor of which
so great a number of petitions had been received.
In fact, it was the people's measure. They de-
manded it at the hands of their public servants,
and it should no longer be withheld. He wanted
to set a vote of the Senate upon the bill. He had
spent a great deal of time in its preparation, and
he presumed this would be his last opportunity of
voting for the hill. He desired very much to vote
upon the bill, and he hoped that the Senate would
at once proceed to its consideration.
Mr. FOOTE said he could not consent that the
Senate should take up the Panama bill unless they
were willing to go into a discussion of the subject.
For one, he felt bound to a^cuss the matter when-
ever it should be brought forward. He had-some
time since told the Senate that he was collecting
information upon the subject. Since that time,
himself and several other gentlemen had been col-
lecting all the information within their reach touch-
ing the matter, arid they had amassed a great num-
ber of most interesting and important facts; and,
whenever the bill should be brought forward, he
should offer an amendment to it, which he knew
would be resisted, but which he could sustain,
eebly by argument, but most cogently by testi-
mony. He was opposed to taking up the bill at
that time.
Mr. ATHERTON said that, inasmuch as the
time of the Senate was too valuable to be squan-
dered by debating a motion like the one before
them, he would move that the motion to take up
the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
THE CENSUS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill to provide
for taking the seventh census or enumeration of
the inhabitants of ihe United States. In support
of this motion he said: It is very important that
we should proceed at once to the consideration of
this bill. 1 have spent much time in its prepara-
tion, and I desire to know whether the Senate in-
tend to act upon it at all. If they do not intend
to pass the bill at this session I wish to -know it
This is the last time that I shall attempt to call it
up.
Mr. BUTLER. I concur with the honorable
Senator from Kentucky in the propriety of taking
up this biil and acting upon it at once.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was taken
up as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. President,
this is a very complicated bill. It has occupied a
great part of the time of my friend from Kentucky.
Still, after all the labor he ha.-* been able to give it,
it is conceded to be an incomplete bill, and by it
power is proposed to be given to the Secretary of
State to add to it such amendments as he may
think pr-eper. I will not trouble the Senate by
going into this matter further. But I prefer that
Congress should have this subject under its own
