1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
control. An amendment which I desire to be made
wilt put this matter into the hands of the Secretary
of State, Postmaster General, and the Secretary of
the Interior, (if one shall be appointed?) and directs
them to prepare a bill which the statistics of the
■country will require, and report that bill to Con-
gress at the commencement of the next session,
and also to make such appropriations, by way of
providing stationary and other matters, as to give
the bill immediate despatch when it shall be passed.
This seems to me to be the more appropriate course
of proceeding, and one by which we can get a more
complete bill than by any process of legislation at
this moment. I have therefore preferred to make
this proposition in lieu of the bill of my friend fiom
Kentucky. It is a work of infinite labor to pre-
pare these columns for statistics. It is known that,
after all the care bestowed upon the census bill for
1840, it was very imperfect. We desire to make
it more complete, and thereby render it more use-
ful to the country. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. D. then sent his amendment to the Chair,
the purport of which he had slated.
Mr. WESTCOTT. Mr. President, I do not
think it expedient to pass the bill reported by the
select committee, and I am also opposed to the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Davis.] £ will briefly state my objections.
1 am opposed to Congress doing anything m refer-
ence to the census, except what the Constitution
requires. This census bill is altogether too com-
plex. It takes too wide a range. The census law
of March 1830 was a very simple law, providing
merely for the enumeration of the inhabitants. I
believe the only information called for that was
out of the way was something about the deaf and
dumb. It was of no use at all. Nothing more
was contemplated by the Constitution than an
enumeration, necessary to fix the rates of repre-
sentation in Congress, and direct taxation, per-
haps, Nothing else was constitutional. 1 repeat,
the entire and sole objeGt in obtaining the census,
is to get authentic data to fix the ratio of represent-
ation and direct taxation, in 1840 provision was
made in the census bill for obtaining statistics in
relation to manufactures, commerce, and agricul-
ture, and the Lord only knows what else. Every-
body knows the difficulties that these provisions
caused. Everybody knows that the people will
not answer ail these questions. They will regard
it as impertinent to be interrogating them as to
the number of chickens, geese, and ducks they
raise, and how many eggs arc laid daily by their
poultry. [Laughter.] What is the object of all
this? Sir, it is, m my opinion, the entering wedge
of a system to be adopted on the part of Congress
to take the supervision of what properly belongs
to the States—to take charge and legislate upon the
local concerns of the States. Su, there is some-
thing ominous in the reference made to the " Secre-
tary of the Interior," an officer not yet appointed,
i hope that those who contend for the exclusive
rights of the States to manage their own affairs
will be awakened to the character of this bill as an
entering wedge for that objcct, and to its connec-
tion with this project to found a Home Depart-
ment. I am opposed to all this. We do not need
what is sought by the inquiries proposed by this
bill for any legitimate object of legislation. A here
is no necessity for them; we have no constitutional
power to ask them; and if asked, the people will
not answer them. They will ridicule them, scorn
them, and teli your marshal and tell Congress to
mind its own business. All these statistics aie of
no use when you get them. I shall move at a
proper time to strike out all after the enacting
clause of this bill, and adopt the substance of the
bill of March, 1830.
Why, sir, the present bill proposes to make the
marshals and their deputies inquire into the rate of
wages, the prices of labor, and the difference in
such prices between slaves and freemen, and then
theie is something about the health ot the iaboreis.
Sir, this will be a difficult business. What is to
constitute unhealthiness 5 Some hold laziness to
be a disease. If the medical societies want this,
if the doctors need it, let them get it; if the manu-
facturers want it, let them get it; if the Slates want
it—if agriculturists want it, let them get it, as other
peopleget knowiedgenecessary to understand their
interests, without a special act ol Congiess estab-
lishing inquisitoiial proceedings by marshals in
this way. *
The chicken census law'of 1840 helped to defeat
Mr. Van Buren. The people were disgusted,and
they had a right to be. i object to the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, because it
looks to the same course of legislation* i hope all
such legislation will be lefused by Congress. If
the new Administration attemptit, it will ruin them
as a party, they may rely on it. Congress, they
will say, has no right to take the public money and
employ the public officers in getting philosophical
and medical and physiological .information about
the slave laborers or about free laborers.
Mr. CALHOUN. Mr. President, there is a
great deal of truth in what has been said by the
Senator from Florida. If I had been called upon
for illustrations of the tendency of the action of
this Government towards a concentration of pow-
er, I would have submitted the operation of this
census lav/ as one, and the progress of the Patent
Office as another. The Constitution requires Con-
gress to provide for taking the census, for the pur-
pose of fixing the ratio of representation, every ten
years. It requires the mere enumeration of the
people, and nothing more. But we have carried
it from minutia to mmutia, down, down, down,
until we have come to the price of labor, and all
that. Why are we to collect all these statistics?
Is it to supersede the labor of the States? Are not
the States competent to take their own census, and
■manage their own affairs? Why not leave it to
them? Why do we undertake to do their work
for them? Sir, I know that when, under the cen-
sus law of 1840, the agents began to inquire of
people the number of eggs and hens, and all that,
which they possessed, tney did not understand
what it all meant. They instinctively resisted the
operations of the law, and their instincts were
right.
So it is in regard to the Patent Office. Under
the simple power of granting patents for a limited
time, we have gone on until we have reaied up a
great agricultural institution, with voluminous re-
ports, which cost us thousands of dollars a year to
print them. Sir, it is time that we should stop. Ours
is a Federal Government, not a National Govern-
ment. It is a Government of States. As we de-
part from the original rules of action in regard to
all these subjects, the census included, we tend to
concentrate and consolidate the power of the Gov-
ernment, and as we go to consolidation, we go to
our certain ruin, it is time to arrest this tendency.
There will be ample time at the commencement of
the next Congress to pass a simple bill of this
kind, providing merely for the enumeration of the
inhabitants, I understand that it has never been
customary to pass a bill until the commencement
of the year in which the census was to be taken,
Mr. BADGER. The census bills have been
always passed at the commencement of the long
session, and in the year in which the census was
to be taken.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The gentleman isentirely
mistaken. The census bill has always passed at
the short session, the year before the census was
to be taken. At least it was so with the last cen-
sus bill.
Mr.„CALHOUN. Be that as it may. Here,
in the last week of the session, when other busi-
ness is crowding upon us, we have a bill going
beyond all former bills, and winch will require
much attention. I had no idea that the bill would
be taken up at this time. I had not looked at it,
and therefore 1 was compelled, though reluctantly,
to ask the indulgence ot the Senate to have it read,
in oider that I might undeistand it. I move that
the bill be laid upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I desire only
to say that unless this bill be now passed, it cannot
be dcted upon until it will be too late. Itiequiied
the whole recess between the sessions of lb^ and
1840 to prepare the forms of the bill, it was a
very laborious work, and required a great deal ot
time. The bill ought to be passed now. it is
precisely the same as the bill winch was passed ten
years ago, and which was passed at the bhort ses-
sion. This is necessary, in order to give the State
Department time to prepare the forms and send
them abroad.
Mr. CALHOUN. The only necessity for pre-
paring these forms m such a complicated form, and
in a manner which will take up a gi tat deal ot time,
is because we are going beyond^what \ve ought to
do. If we adopt the bill for taking the first census
it will take but a short time to prepare the forms*
And one reason why I prefer that the bill should
go over to the next session is, that it will be com-
pelled to take a simpler and better form.
Mr. BUTLER, Mr. President, i had no re-
sponsibility about this bill. I attended the com-
mittee but once, I believe, and then it was to
suggest an amendment as to the phraseology of
some parts of the bKl. The bill seemed to be very
much like the one passed ten years ago. As for
myself, I am free to oppose the bill. I concur
pretty much in the opinions expressed by my col-
league and the honorable Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Westcott,] that it would be well to adhere
to the simple forms of the old bills, and the limits
prescribed by the Constitution. But I think the
variations of this bill from the old forms are not
so great that they should alarm gentlemen, by any
means.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I shall
be brief, because I think it more important to act
than to speak. I rise simply for the purpose of
saying, that in the example- set in 1840, and in pre-
vious examples, I believe Congress departed from
the practice of a mere enumeration and classifica-
tion of the people of the United States. I have
not examined, and do not know, whether they did
depart from this practice prior to 1840 or not.
Mr. WESTCOTT, (interposing.) Eighteen
hundred and-forty was the first time, with the-ex-
ception that in the act of 1830 we made a separate
item in respect to the deaf and dumbA
Mr. UWDERWOOa Then, Mr. President,
there was a partial precedent prior to 1840. But
in that year the action of Congress settled clearly
the basis upon which this bill has been constructed.
This bill proposes only to collect, classify, and
arrange very important information, upon which
the legislation of Congress may, to some extent,
rest. We are just as well prepared without dis-
cussion as with it to determine whether this course
be or be notconect; and I will leave it to the good
sense of the Senate to decide, without saying any-
thing more pro or con., upon the matter;
If you intend to get rid of all statistical informa-
tion with regard to manufactures and other matters
which these tables provide for, just determine that
you will confine the bill to an enumeration of the
inhabitants of the United States, and we can settle
it at once. Upon that point I will not consume the
time of the Senate by making remarks one way
or the other, although I am decidedly in favor of
maintaining the provisions of the bill.
In reference to the amendmentof my friend from
Massachusetts, my objection is: that by referring
the subject to the departments, you are making the
Executive Departments legislators for us. Sir, the
tendency of our legislation is to refer everything to
the departments; to pass no bill unless recommended
by them; and in fact, to make the legislation of
the two Houses of Congress nothing more than a
register of Executive edicts. I think we should
legislate upon this subject for ourselves; and this
bill contemplates, except so far as that power is
necessarily given to the departments, to make it
our own legislation. But the whole basis of the
amendment of my friend is to give the power to
the Postmaster General, the Secretary of State,
and, m case of the erection of a Home Department,
to the Secretary of the Interior. The bill allows
the Secretary of State alone to exercise the power,
which, by the amendment proposed by "the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, is to be given to those
three officers. The bill confers the power upon
the Secretary of State, by declaring that he may
add additional columns to the forms, for the pur-
pose of enlarging, simplifying, or classifying the
information which is requiied to be obtained. The
bill, theiefore, as it is presented, will be purely
legislative. It will direct the department as to what
information is to be obtained, and give discretion-
ary authority as to adding additional columns,
modifying and correcting, if those furnished by the
bill are not sufficient, or need revision.
I have made these few remarks in vindication
of the plan proposed by the committee, leaving it
entirely to Congress to dispose of the whole sub-
ject as they please, and without having a particle
of feeling" on the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Piesident,
if I can get the attention of the Senate for a mo-
ment, 1 will explain the motives which induced
me to bring forward my amendment. 1 think it
I is conceded, by the terms of the bill, that it is
