1849.
the congressional globe.
General Wool, that without spilling a drop of
blood, he had taken possession of Santa Fe,
"The peopie now understand," he added, 44 the
4 advantages they are to derive from a change of
6 government, and are much gratified with it."
Sir, I ask, shall we be acting in good faith to-
wards the people of these conquered territories—
territories that have yielded to our arms, under
suc-h an assurance, authorized by the Executive of
the United States—if we fail to extend to them those
safeguards which are enjoyed by the inhabitants
of our other territories, and which we have so sol-
emnly promised should be extended to them?
Mr. WESTCOTT. I will not presume, much
less insinuate, that the Senator from Connecticut
has any motive in offering this amendment except
that which he has avowed. I wilt* not presume
that the Senator proposes to do anything except to
throw an additional guard over the inhabitants of
California; but I ask the attention of the Senate to
a few suggestions which I feel it my duty to make
upon this subject, and I trust, if f can secure that
attention, that I can satisfy even the Senator from
Connecticut that there is no necessity for the pro-
vision that is contained ft his amendment. Sir,
the situation of these territories is very different
from that of Louisiana and Florida when the acts
respecting a territorial government for those terri-
tories were passed. They were not conquered by the
army of the United States; they weie acquired in
time of peace by peaceful cession, by voluntary
cession; nay, sir, not only by the consent of the
inhabitants, but at their earnest solicitation. They
had been asking annexation for years. They were
not a>people conquered by our arms; and the in-
stitutions in those territories were settled, fixed,
and assimilated to our own. They had, too, not
the civil law—and to this I call the attention of the
Senator from Connecticut—not the civil law as in
Mexico, but laws modified in certain particulars,
* congenial to public liberty, which the Mexicans
are without. When those territories were ceded
to the United States their laws required but very
little change or modification. Our constitutional
law extended over them without any difficulty,
without shaking the prejudices or disturbing the
feelings of the inhabitants by any utter change of
their law. This was the case in Louisiana, and I
may say in Missouri also, because there was more
of foreign population there than at New Orleans.
The emigrants who crowded into Missouri were
chiefly foreigners. JNow, what is the law which
the Senate has passed in relation to California? I
call the attention of the Senator from Connecticut
to it. We have adopted, first, as far as suitable
and proper, the Constitution of the United States.
We have adopted, secondly, all laws of a general
character which can be made suitable to the terri-
tories; that is the second great feature. And,
thirdly, we have invested-the Presidentof the Uni-
ted States with power to make rules and regulations
to carry into effect those laws. That is the pur-
port of the amendment which has been adopted.
Is the honorable Senator not aware that there is
no act of Congress in force which provides for the
writ of habeas corpus? The constitutional provis-
ion is a mere inhibition against the writ being sus-
pended.
Mr. BALDWIN". Will the Senator allow me
to ask if there is any provision, by act of Con-
gress, for extending the writ of habeas corpus to
the territories?
Mr. WESTCOTT. I thank the Senator for
putting the interrogatory. The answer which I
shall give him will cover the whole ground; and I
ask the attention of the Senate to that answer. We
have adopted an act of Congress which can be
made applicable, suitable, and proper to the terri-
tories, and have authorized the President of the
United States to make rules and regulations for the
government of those territories. Upon a reference
to the act of Congress, it will be seen that it refers
to the United States courts. It is a general law;
and it is in the power of the President of the United i
States to make such rules and regulations as he
may deem proper; by which the judges whom he
may appoint to execute the lav/, will be empow-
ered to issue the writ of habeas corpus. I refer to
the act of 1789. "All the courts of the United
States may issue," &c.
Now, I ask Senators, have we not extended the
provisions of that law expressly to these territo-
ries? And I will put a query to the Senator in
return, and I will ask him why these naked deck-
63*
rations about the writ of habeas corpus and trial by
jury being in force here or there, are worth any
more than a sheet of blotting paper? Are they use-
ful, without provisions to cairy them into oper-
ation? I would like to know what they would
be worth without the rules and regulations of
the President. This is unknown to the law of
Mexico. In the civil law we all know they have
no trial by jury. We have also the-writ of venire
facias. But the course of the common law does
not provide for the execution of these writs. The
gentleman seems to suppose that his amendment
is to introduce all the laws of England from the
time of Alfred down to the present day. I object
to the adoption of the amendment, for it is a Vio-
lation of good faith towards the people of Califor-
nia, who are not our citizcns. I have no idea of
trampling under foot the civil law which is now in
existence. It would be a monstrous ac£ of tyranny.
But the objection I make is this—and the Senator,
if he is sincere, as I trust he is, will appreciate the
objection—that it is not at all necessary. And
.there is an aspect of this case to which 1 wish also
to refer; it applies to the inhabitants of these ter-
ritories. Sir, I do not think there could be a more
amusing instance of legislation than a proposition
to give the writ of habeas corpus to the digger In-
dian, who has as much idea of government as a
wild beast. I stated the other day, when the Sen-
ator proposed his amendment, that 1 had no par-
ticular objection to it, if confined to citizens of the
United States; but I had objections with reference
to foreigners. The newspapers tell us that all the
rogues and vagabonds, scamps, and scoundrels,
who had no place of refuge, were running to the
gold region. And I ask the Senator if he is willing
that such people shall enjoy the privileges of
American citizens. Sir, I, for one, do not hesitate
to say, that I regard as one favorable featuie in the
law which we passed yesterday, that it intrusts the
Chief Magistrate with power, if the public interest
calls on him to do it, to make rules and regulations,
by which your citizens in California will be pro-
tected, and your flag preserved inviolate against
the refugees from other countrjes. I am not afraid
to trust him with that power; I hope he will be
j permitted to exercise it. Sir, I see no necessity
! for this amendment. I have no doubt that the
Senator from Connecticut was uninfluenced by
any sinister motives, and that he offered it foi the
purpose of protecting his fnerids who aie in Cali-
fornia. I have friends there also. I have a brother
there. I am willing to trust him without the habeas
corpus.
Mr. FOOTE. Mr. President,, this thing called
self-respect, and which is brought to our notice on
this occasion in a manner so especially imposing,
is, perhaps, worthy of a little further examination
at our hands. Now, sir, self-respect, as I under-
stand it, in its highest forms, is the result of what
is called in Scripture " a conscience void of offence
towards God and man"—the genuine product of
that elevated state of the human soul so happily
described as the mens conscia sibi recti. Lf a man is
able to look into his own heart, and to find nought
there but purity and kindness, and all noble and
elevated sentiment, surely it is but natural that his
respect for himself should be heightened and con-
firmed, and his self-love be sensibly enlightened
and gratified. Thus was it with Job amidst afflic-
tions; with St, Paul in the prison-house; with a
Russel and a Sydney upon the scatfold. Thus
must it have been with our own Washington
always, and with all the good and noble of bygone
ages, who have walked with even dignity the path-
ways of lightcousness and of true honor, and have
left reputations behind them free even from all
suspicion of iniquity. But, sir, there is a sort of
bastard self-esteem, which it has been my fate
sometimes to encounter, which is no more like the !
high attribute of which I have just spoken than is !
the basest counterfeit to the purest gold, or the
graceful comeliness of Apollo to the sooty deformity
of Vulcan at his stithy. There is an artificial sell-
respect which delights in shielding itself against
examination, which recoils from scrutiny, and
evades all just criticism. I have seen this quality
exhibited in my time in strange places, and under
striking circumstances. It has been barely fifteen
years since I was called upon to defend a gifted
native of New England against a charge of which
he confessed himself guilty; that charge was mur-
der. My client—for such he became—had been
guilty, according to his own account, as given in
an autobiography dictated by him, but which I
was accused, at the time, of writing—of ei^ht mur-
ders and sixty robberies. The testimony against
the p/isoner was too conclusive to be resisted sue-
cessfully. He had been convicted; the Omened
or death was about to be passed upon him, and
he was asked the ordinary question—what he
had to say why this dreadful judgment should not
be pronounced against him. 'He arose gracefully
trom his seat on the prisoner's bench; he stood
erect before the court and * the audience. His
countenance was free from the marks of trepida-
tion, of embarrassment, or of conscious guilt. Hi3
mind seemed for a moment solemnly to revert to
the strange scen.es of romantic and bloody adven-
ture through which he had passed. He turned
those fierce eyes of his upon the judge, who was
presently to consign him to the scaffold, and ex-
claimed, in tones thatl'ean never forget, "Sir, yotl
have asked me a question, and I intend to answer
it. You behold before you a man, cut off from the
sympathies of his fellow-beings, who is yet not
unworthy of their esteem and commiseration; who
has not slept in human habitation for full nine
years; who has roamed along the banks of the
majestic Mississippi, and lived alone upon the
meat, uncooked, of the wild tenants of the wilder-
ness that he has been able to make hie victims;
who, not forgetful of classic lore, has perused with
delight, amidst the gloom of the unfrequented for-
est, the pages of Horace, of Tacitus, and of Juve-
nal; who has feltfor the degraded condition of his
race, and sighed to participate in some work of
general amelioration. 1 have slain men with im-
punity, and without remorse, who were, in my
judgment, burdensome to the generation with
which they stood connected, and whose death I
supposed would prove a blessing to society. I am
now charged with murder, and convicted, upon
evidence which I admit to be strong, and even ir-
resistible, of the slaying of a human being in cold
blood. But how was it that I slew this man, for
whose blood I am now to be held responsible? He
was my enemy without provocation. He pursued
me with unsparing malignity. He subjected me
to indignities which excited me to madness, and I
vowed never to rest satisfied until my persecutor
should cease to live. Look upon me; bear wit-
ness to the world hereafter that I stand up at this
solemn hour calmly and composedly before you.
My soul is unconscious of crime. My heart ac-
cuses me not of murder; and when, a few days
hence, I shall ascend the scali'old to expiate offences
of which 1 am myself not sensible, by undergoing
a dishonorable death, I shall be found, I trust, as
calm, as self-possessed, and as unruffled as I now
am.'' So much for the self esteem of one who was
known in his day as "the Rob Roy of the Missis- ,
sippi." Let the honorable Senator from Connect-
icut make any application he pleases of the facts I
have now related.
M r. President, I must confess myself particularly
indebted to the honorable Senator from Florida
for all he has said in defence of the Senator from
Connecticut against the allegations which I have
thought proper to prefer. He avers that he has
not the least suspicion in the world that the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, in biingmg forward his
amendment, had any object in view save that which
he has avowed. Why, sir, the Senator fiom Flor-
ida should recollect that he lias himself supplied
us With an argument going to show that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Connecticut would be
inevitably productive of all the consequences which
I have suggested as likely to arise. To declare
now that he has no suspicion that such conse-
quences were anticipated by the honorable Senator
from Connecticut, is simply to stultify that Sena-
tor, and to involve him in still deeper discredit.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I understood the Senator
from Connecticut to say that his only object was
to protect his friends and neighbors who had gone
to California.
Mr. FOOTE. So I certainly understood the
honorable Senator from Connecticut to declare.
Yet I supposed it to be at least possible that there
might be some mistake about the matter, since
I well recollect that it was the honorable Senator
from Florida himself who put me upon my guard
in relation to this very amendment, when offered
for our consideration some two or three nights ago,
and since, I recollect furihei, tint the honorable
Senator from Fiouda took nt that time precisely
the same view of the conduct and muttves of the
