632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
honorable Senator from Connecticut which I now
do. I will not accuse the honorable Senator from
Florida of inconsistency; but I must say that his
whole course in connection with this matter seems
to me to be more or less involved in mystery.
Mr. President, I shall say no more upon the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut. Its defeat I hold to be as certain and
immediate as its adoption would be detrimental
and inglorious.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall be very sorry if the
privilege of the habeas corpus be not extended to
California, or any of the possessions of the United
States. It has been attributed to me this morning
that I have said that it was unnecessary to adopt
this amendment, inasmuch as the Constitution of
the United States being extended to the territories,
this privilege was carried along with it. I reaffirm
the proposition in its fullest extent. The Consti-
tution of the United States certainly provides, that
where thelawsof the United States are established,
the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended.
It presupposes, therefore, that the writ of habeas
corpus exists in all the States. It certainly does
presume that such a writ shall not be suspended
where this writ has been recognized by lav/. Now,
sir, if we have, by the bill or amendment which
we have sent to the other House, extended, eo
nomine, the Constitution of the United States to
California, it necessarily carries with it as many
of its provisions as possible—I say possible and
practicable: and can there be any harm in extend-
ing the Constitution as far as possible? You might
do harm by restricting or making discrimination.
• But, if you extend the laws of the United States,
and a slave or a citizen is taken up unlawfully,
and there be courts to enforce its provisions, it
would be a singular anomaly, and repugnant to
the common principles which seem to be presup-
posed in this very instrument, if he had not the
privilege of habeas corpus. I maintain, that if the
Constitution goes there at all—and it is admitted
by Senators here that propiio vigore it becomes the
supreme law—it is unnecessary to pass this amend-
ment. I have no objection, however, to the prin-
ciple of the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut; for I say it ought to go there. But it is
a work of supererogation, unless it be intended to
make it a writ demandable by slaves. Who has
the right to demand it? None but he who i3 en-
titled to his freedom—a recognized slave cannot
demand it anywhere. To tell me that one who
owes obedience to his master, as incident to h'is
condition, is entitled to demand it, is to tell me that
the writ of habeas corpus is to maintain the right
of rebellion under the form of law. What would
.you think, sir, if any one of those fanatical lawyers
should go from Connecticut or anywhere else to
South Carolina—to single that out as the most
odious; for it is the State which is generally held
up as peculiarly a slave-holding community—or to
Louisiana, or to Mississippi, and one of those
lawyers should go and prevail upon a slave to have
a writ of habeas corpus taken out, with the knowl-
edge that he was a slave: would any man say that
he had a right to the habeas corpus, unless he had
a right to demand his freedom?
Mr. BALDWIN. Will the Senator allow me
to refer him to the act establishing a territorial gov-
ernment for Louisiana?
Mr. BUTLER. I have great respect for the
opinions of the gentleman as a lawyer, and, so far
as regards precedents, there is no doubt he is pre-
pared to produce many. But 1 understand—for I
did not hear the remarks of the Senator upon in- .
troducing his amendment—that he is endeavoring '
to reach a particular purpose by the introduction '
of this amendment. If his purpose be such as I
suppose, let him avow it. To accomplish-a pur-
pose m an indirect manner is not becoming the
fairness of proceeding that should characterize this
body. It is a common thing in the South for magis-
trates to authorize the arrest of blacks, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether they were entitled
to their freedom. 1 should not deny the writ of
habeas corpus to a man on account of his color, nor
to any one entitled to it. But why introduce this
proposition into this measure, when it was reject-
ed last night ? For, if we have a right to extend
the Constitution, it carries with it, as one of its
vital provisions—one of the provisions, which give
it life—the writ of habeas corpus. We have sent
to the other House a provision for extending the j
bonsutution. Respect for that body, at least, I
should induce us to pause until we ascertain how
that proposition will be disposed of. I cannot see
the necessity for so much philanthropic solicitude
on this subject. It does seem to me that there is a
pertinacity about it which indicates a purpose that
is not avowed. The Senator says that he has
precedent for his amendment. I do not dispute
that point. But I say that it is unnecessary; it is a
kind of cumulative legislation. If it cannot ride
upon one bill it is fastened upon another; and I
suppose that if a bill for the payment of five hun-
dred dollars to Miss Sally Combs, or to anybody
else, were upon its passage, the writ of habeas cor-
pus would be attached to it. I say it with great
respect for the Senator's legal attainments—it is
altogether unnecessary. I merely rose to vindicate
the position (although I am willing to adopt the
amendment) that if the laws of the United States
and the Constitution be extended to these territo-
ries, they carry with them the habeas corpus.
Mr. BALDWIN. I will suggest to the Senator
from South Carolina that the words of the act ex-
tending the writ of habeas corpus to Louisiana are
these—the very language that is used in the amend-
ment which I have proposed.
[Mr. B. quoted from the act.]
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir, I do not dispute that,
unless the Constitution and laws are extended
under such a bill, the amendment might be neces-
sary.
Mr. BALDWIN. Does the Senator from South
Carolina say, as a lawyer, that the extension of
the Constitution carries with it the habeas corpus?
Mr. BUTLER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. BERRIEN. I do not intend to inquire into
the motive which prompts the offer of this amend-
ment. But, sir, it does seem to me that, at this
late stage of the session, when, after a very pro-
tracted debate, we have sent to the other House a
bill containing the outlines of a government for
New Mexico and California, it is, at least, an act
fcof supererogation to insert in another bill, with
which this subject has no connection, a further
provision for the government of these territories.
I repeat, sir, 1 do not inquire into the motive; I do
not pretend to affirm that the object of attaching
an amendment like this to the present bill is to
show such a want of intelligence or of united coun-
sels in the Senate as to weaken the force of the
amendment which we have sent to the House in
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill; but
such will be its effect; and if we shall be called to
a committee of conference on the subject, it may
be well said that we did not know our minds suffi-
ciently to express our intentions in the provision
which we first made for the government of these
territories, and that this was manifested by the
adoption of the amendment offered by the Senator
from Connecticut. Sir, we have sent to the House
a bill containing provisions for the government
these territories. We have enacted that those of
provisions of the Constitution which can be ap-
plied to the condition of a territory shall be opera-
tive there. We have invested the President of the
United States with power to prescribe rules and
regulations for their government; but we have lim-
ited the exercise of this power, by requiring that
such rules and regulations shall be in conformity
with the Constitution of the United States. Then
the single question presented by this amendment,
is, whether the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
pus will exist there under these provisions? Hon-
orable Senators have said that this writ is provided
for only negatively in the Constitution. The pro-
vision and the only provision to which 'they refer,
is that which declares that the privilege of the writ
of habeas corpus shall not be suspended,except in
particular cases. Now, sir, confining our view to
this provision, can it be supposed that the framers
of the Constitution would make a solemn provis-
ion in that fundamental compact inhibiting the
suspension of a privilege which had no existence ?
Can you suspend a privilege which has no exist-
ence? The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus,
say the framers of the Constitution, shall not be
suspended. Does not this privilege, then, of neces-
sity, exist? Can you suspend the existence of
that which has no existence? Were the framers
of the Constitution guilty of this fatuity? If it be
said that the only effect of this provision was to
forbid the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus
where it exists, and not to create it, the answer is,
that it must exist in every free Government as in-
dispensable to the protection of personal liberty.
But this is not the only provision in the Consti-
tution, as gentlemen will find, if they will consider
the matter apart from the bewildering excitement
which this question produces. There is a distinct
and substantive provision in that instrument which
amply secures this privilege.
The fourth article of the amendments is in these
words: " The right of the people to be secure in
their persons, houses, papers, and effects against
unreasonable searches and seizures shall not be
violated, and no warrant shall issue but upon prob-
able cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and
particularly describing the place to be searched,
and the persons or things to be seized." We have'
provided a government for these territories; we
have required that the rules and regulations to be
enforced there'shall conform to the provisions of
the Constitution: must they not then provide for
the protection of personal liberty against unlawful
arrest ?
I pray Senators to abstain from the adoption of
an amendment which can subserve no other pur-
pose but to embarrass the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill in its progress through the other
House. We have sent lo them a bill providing a
government for these territories. Let us await the
action of that House, and let us not embarrass it
by the introduction of this proposition. It can
have no other effect. And, let me say—it is my
conviction, and I must therefore express it—I do
not believe that these repeated agitations, whether
they are the offspring of fanaticism, or of the lust
of acquiring political power, can have any beneficial
result. I do not believe that they are consonant
to the feelings and wishes of the great body of our
intelligent and patriotic fellow-citizens in the non-
slaveholding States. On the contrary, I believe
thatgentlemen will better discharge the duty which
they owe to their own immediate constituents, and
to the country at large, by abstaining from agita-
tions which can accomplish no good, but are emi- *
nently calculated to disturb the peace and harmony
of the Union; and if I am asked what question is
connected with this amendment, I answer, it in-
'volves the agitating question which has disturbed
us so long, from its inevitable tendency to em-
barrass the bill to which I have referred in its
progress through the other House. I have said
before, and now repeat, that I do not mean to
question the motives of others; but I express with
equal frankness my conviction that the amend-
ment will have the effect which 1 have indicated,
whether it be intended or not.
Mr. RUSK moved to amend the amendment by
adding the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to interfere in any respect with the lights of prop-
erty in any State or of individuals.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that a very curi-
ous state of affairs is presented at this moment. If
I remember aright the history of the last session
upon this subject, the gentlemen who represent
that interest about which they so much deprecate
agitation, were found, with but one or two excep-
tions, voting for a bill in this body, and using all
their powers to have it become a law, the principal
feature of which was, that the government of the
territories which the bill provided should take no
action at all upon this question, but that it should
be left open for the judiciary; and the very mode
of presenting it to the judiciary was by this very
habeas corpus, which has since been magnified into
such an abolition hobgoblin.
Mr. PHELPS. If the Senator will permit me
to correct him, the habeas corpus was not mentioned
in that bill.
Mr. HALE. If I am not very much mistaken—
and if I am I hope the Senator will correct me—
the honorable member from Maryland [Mr. John-
son] introduced an amendment containing this
provision to the bill, and it was adopted, I believe
unanimously, upon the express assertion that it
was necessary in order to give full effect to the
provisions of that bill to every one, irrespective
of complexion, color, or condition, with regard
to this writ of habeas corpus, the great bulwark
of English and American liberty. 1 do not know
how much of the caution and advice given by the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Berrien] to the Sen-
ator from Connecticut in front of him, was intended
to reach laterally on either side of him. I always
listen to him with great respect; but I will, if I
may be permitted, say that I do not very often
introduce this subject into the discussions of the
