636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
to stultify him, if I did not accord to him sagacity
enough to fix on a day when this should go into
operation. It was the easiest thing in the world
to fix the day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Why did not the Whig mem-
bers put it in this shape, then, at the first?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have had nothing to
do with it. If it had fallen into my hands, I should
have acted upon it, and I should have endeavored
to place it on high and honorable ground, which
should characterize all our legislation. But is he
to denounce a legislative act because it is to go into
effect on a particular day? I call upon the country
to look at this spectacle, and I shall call on them
hereafter to look at it. When one branch of the
National-Legislature passes an act, shall a member
in the other branch, in his place, declare that they
passed it on the ground that they are absolutely
intent on spoils? But, if this spoils doctrine is
to regulate all our action, I think there is great
wisdom in putting it at a distant day; I think that,
at the last gasp of this antinomian Administration,
in which so much is yielded to good works, we
should not desire to harass the Executive by hunt-
ing up new offices for him to fill. Sir, he will have
enough to do to consider the laws presented to him
for his consideration and signature; and if he will
do that, and will consider the propriety of signing
or returning them with his objections, he will have
enough to do without filling any more offices. I
have had no other object in view than to tell the
gentleman from Illinois that I hope he will not read
us any more lectures when opposing Whig legis-
lation. Let him do it on principle. I think such
a lecture comes with a bad grace, after the examples
we have had of the last few years. I had no ex-
pectation of opening my mouth on this subject,
and lam sorry that I have been called up; but I
do not intend, if I can defend myself or my party,
to sit by and hear lectures of this kind without
attempting to reply.
Mr. ALLEN. This thing of giving a legislative
act a prospective operation in the nature of the act
itself, is to be regarded as altogether unusual, and
its being unusual compels us to resort to an un-
usual motive to explain it. Now, I shall do noth-
ing here that in the slightest degree tends to cast
an imputation upon the party in power. The
Senator from Kentucky talks about the last gasp
of the Democratic party, but he ought to remember
that the first breath of the Whig party is not yet
drawn. Sir, gentlemen ought to be modest in
commencing their career of power. They will
come into power as a minority Administration; as
the first minority Administration; they will not
have a majority of the American voters with them.
And when they undertake to talk about the expi-
ring Democracy of this country, they had better
remember that they are not altogether sure that
there is such a thing as living Whiggery. In re-
gard to spoils matters, we have no right to make
any predictions as to what we are to expect. We
have heard much paid against proscription in for-
mer times, but in these latter days we are told that
proscription is to take a new f'otm. It is to take a
criminal form; it is to be preceded by criminal
charges, by evidence against character, in order to
vacate offices, to make places for those that stand
ready to receive them.
I understand that it is to be the rule to remove
only for cause; that an advertisement is to be put
forth calling on all who want office to prepare evi-
dence against present incumbents, who are no
longer to be removed for general political reasons. !
Very well, sir; see what this will amount to m '
practice. I do not say what will come, but I say,
before gentlemen declaim so loudly against the
policy of the Democratic party, they had better
look to that futurity which is approaching; they
had better not crow over the great Democracy of
America, as yielding up its last gasp. Sir, that
Democracy is this day the most powerful party of
men that ever, in any age or country, were banded
together; and you will find it out before you have
tried their strength two years. Democracy is not
prostrated. Whiggery is not triumphant. It did
not triumph under its ancient banner; it denied its
name; repudiated its doctrines; it came in through
a gap in the community, not by a majority. That
gap will be filled up in a short time, and when it
is filled up, our friends on the other side will find
that the great lion-hearted Democracy of the coun-
try is yet as true a representative of its glory and
 s interestsas it is of the rights of mankind.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I regret that
our friends are so sensitive on this topic. I have
often understood that it was a matter of great in-
terest to them, but never saw that interest mani-
fested as in this little matter before us. What is
it? A bill comes up from the House of Represent-
atives with certain amendments in it, which are
proposed for our concurrence. It is a bill to es-
tablish a territorial government in Minesota. They
defer the execution of this law, the operation and
effect of it, till the tenth day of this present month;
and the great question which has excited all this
feeling here, and th'is denunciation,is whether this
shall go into effect on the third day of March, or
on the tenth. Now, my friend from Illinois and
the Senator from Ohio seem to suppose that there
is some sinister motive at the bottom of all this;
some motive to reflect disgrace on the Administra-
tion; and the reason is, that it is entirely unusual:
that no such thing has taken place here before,
and we can put-no other constiuction on it, ex-
cept that the House mean to stultify the Senate.
1 believe that was the language of the Senator
from Illinois. Let me assure my friends, and I
hope it will console their feelings, that they are not
placed in the remarkable position which they sup-
pose. If they will open the volume which I have
in my hand, they will find, if they look at the law
organizing the Territory of Iowa, and also of Wis-
consin, that the operation of the law was reserved
to the future. Here, then, are precedents to which
they may refer the action of the House of Repre-
sentatives without looking for any sinister motive.
I dare say there is a gieat number of precedents
of the same character.
Mr. DOWNS, (interrupting.) I should like to
know what reasons of state there are for postpon-
ing tins action seven days?
Mr. DAVIS. I will explain it. Sir, I think it
is scarcely reputable to inquire into the reason of
the action of the concurrent branch of the Legis-
lature, and, above all, into its motives. If the
inquiry reflects upon the motives, it is scarcely
reputable to do it. Now, I have not heard any
argument in the House, or heard a word of any
motive which would indicate the.principle, motive,
or cause which they had- in view, nor do I care; it
is immaterial. It is a common practice to fix a
future day for the operation of an act, and it is not
to be presupposed that there is anything in it dis-
honorable, or that reflects disgrace on anybody.
Why, it is said it interferes with the spoils sys-
tem. And how? Does it displace any friend 01
the gentleman? Does it displace any appointee of
this Administration? If it did, there might be,
perhaps, some reason for dissatisfaction; but the
poor question is, whether the Administration,
which has the right to exercise its power two days
more, shall enjoy the fruits, or give it to the in-
coming Administration? That is the whole view
of the subject, and I consider it just to defer to
this operation and effect of the act. But are my
friends from Illinois and Ohio aware precisely in
what position they place themselves when they
rise here to make such an argument as they have
offered? Is it they, or those on this side of the
House that are alarmed? And why are they taking
this high ground, and using this denunciatory lan-
guage, or are we subject to the charge made against
us? How does that matter stand? If the pur-
pose is not to exercise the power, as has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Illinois, why not let
this amendment be adopted ? If it is to be adopted,
I ask if it. is becoming treatment of an incoming
Administration, to seize on this little modicum of
patronage? Sir, I ask them to refer to the period
four years ago when their President came into
power, and then leport, and it will show what de-
gree of liberality was then exercised. But what
do I see now? One little office after another has
been created. A consul is made to fill the office 01
charge, where one is not more needed than m the
moon. One here, and another there, and another
elsewhere, so that every crack and cranny where
an office could be created is filled. You were not
willing to leave a vacancy caused by the death of
an incumbent to be filled by the incoming Admin-
istration. But I have heaid it said that there is a
motive in this; and 1 will take the liberty to say
what it is. However, I impute it to no man here.
It has been said that General Taylor is to come
into this administration as a liberal and magnan-
imous man; that he disavows the spoils system.
We will see, say they; we will fill up every office,
and try this man. We will see what he will do.
I have heard that avowed, heard it put forth as a
principle of action, that that is the ground to act
upon. I ask my friend from Illinois if he means
to act upon that principle?
*lr. DOUGLAS. I do not mean to act upon
that principle; I mean to act upon the principle of
not changing my course in consequence of a change
of parties. I say further, I wish to test the sin-
cerity of the Whig party, who have declared that
they were not governed by the principle of "spoils,"
and who are now contending for it here to-night,
and arguing and acting solely for the purpose of
getting spoils into their hands.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not perceive that the expla-
nation of my friend from Illinois changes the ques-
tion at all. I am not disposed to charge that Senator
or his party with entering into a combined under-
standing in relation to this matter. But, says the
Senator, you are beginning already to create of-
fices; you are beginning to manufacture them this
very year; and he gives us an example, and states
that we have been voting here for an increase of
the salaries of our diplomatic agents abroad. Sir,
every Senator who has turned his attention to this
subject knows that for several of the missions the
salaries are wholly inadequate for a respectable
support, and- many are of opinion that the law-
should be modified, and in this opinion I concur.
And when it can* be properly done, the Senator
will find both Whigs and Democrats in this Cham-
ber who will assist in making the modifications,
though when done it should be in a suitable and
just way.
But, continues the Senator, you are creating" a
new department, with all its train of officers, for
the purpose of increasing your patronage. Does
the gentleman from Illinois remember who it was
that recommended the organization of this new
department? Does he remember that it came to
us recommended in the Presidential Message, and
particularly by the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. You should remember also,
that we wanted to do it three years ago, but you
would not let us. The measure is now put forward
in both Houses, and will be supported by some
Democrats.
Mr. DAVIS. The Whie;s have changed their
minds, have they? Has the gentleman from Illi-
nois changed his ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Not at all; I think now as I
did then. But the Senator from Massachusetts
has changed his mind upon this identical territorial
bill before us; for he was a member of the com-
mittee that agreed to it in its original shape before
the election; and can he give any other reason for
preferring it in its present shape as it comes from
the House but the spoils?
Mr. DAVIS. 1 would say to the Senate that I
was not present in the committee when this bill
was adopted fast year or this year. I never read
the bill until I looked over it a few days ago.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator is mistaken. I
recollect well that a discussion was held between
him and the Senator from South Carolina [Mr.
Butler] in the committee room, upon the ques-
tion of the ordinance of 1787, whether or not this
bill was in violation of that ordinance. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts entered into a full expla-
nation of his views upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I have a fresh recollection of the
circumstances to which the Senator adverts. It
was not at the time, according to my remembrance,
when the bill was adopted and reported. It is not
very material, however, whether it was or not.
The bill then, at all events, was not ready^ and
the discussion referred to naturally arose as soon
as the bill was taken up—as the Senator from
South Carolina recollects unquestionably—as to
whether the limitation in the ordinance of 1787,
limiting the number of States to be created out of
the Northwestern Territory to five, would permit
the organization of the remaining territory into
a new State. The boundaVies of Wisconsin, which
constituted the fifth State made out of that terri-
tory, are so made that a large portion of Minesota
is what was formerly Wisconsin, and, should it
become a State, would, in part at least, constitute
a sixth made out of the territory covered by this
ordinance. In that discussion no particular refer-
ence was made as to when this bill should go into
operation at all. But I am trespassing upon the
time of the Senate, and I will hasten to a conclu-
