1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
This subject, in regard to the creation of a new
department in this Government, has been brought
before us by the present Administration. It is a
measure distinctly recommended as necessary by
the present Secretary of the Treasury. He states
that the burdens of this department are insupport-
able, and that no individual is capable of perform-
ing the labors of his office without destroying his
health and the power of doing business. I am
gratified to learn that the Senator from Illinois has
found no heavier charge to make against us than
that. With reference to this question before us,
if it is to be made a political one, 1 am content it
shall be done. There will soon be an end to it, as
our opponents have the power.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator fiom Ken-
tucky [Mr. Underwood] states that the present
Administration is in its last gasp. The Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] says it is an ex-
piring Administration. A legal friend near me
suggests that the origin of this difficulty lies in the
fact that the Whig party have applied for letters
of administration before the present Administra-
tion is actually dead. [Laughter.]
Mr. FOOTE. I cannot neglect the opportunity
presented of responding to some of the remarks
which have fallen fiom honorable gentlemen upon
this occasion. But, Mr. President, I must confess
my surprise at the strong feeling apparently en-
kindled upon the Democratic side of this Chamber
by this amendment to the Minesota bill. Several
of my honorable friends around me have expressed
astonishment, mingled with indignation, on account
of the illiberal and monopolizing policy indicated
by the amendment before us. I am not able to
participate in these feelings. I am neither surprised
nor angry that the leaders of the Whig party in
the two Houses of Congress should display the
disposition, now so strikingly manifested, to secure
to themselves and their subordinates all the pelf and
patronage which they may suppose to lie within
their reach. 1-Ias not the Whig party, sir, under
all its various cognomens, and in all the stages of
its rickety and mischievous existence, been dis-
tinguished more by an insatiable spirit of plunder
and monopoly than by aught else beside? Has
not this party been proverbially called the monop-
oly party? Are its leaders, here and elsewhere,
in upholding this amendment, doing more than
fairly acting out their vocation, and awarding due
respect to the established usages of their party, at
least as old as the name of Federalism itself? Why,
sir, this attempt to preclude a Democratic President
from the distribution of patronage legitimately ap-
pertaining to his station, is in the very spirit of
that noted transaction m the last moments of the
elder Adams, commonly known as the midnight
appointment of judges. In justice, sir, we should
make some allowance for our friends of the Whig
party, upon several grounds, which seem to have
been overlooked by Democratic Senators who have
preceded me in this debate. It should be recol-
lected that the Whig party, as such, has been
seldom in power, and never except for a very short
period; and the eagerness manifested to clutch the
spoils of office is but natural among men who have
been so long famishing, and who feel now tlv&t they
must verily taste the crumbs of patronage or die
of starvation. Besides, Mr. President, the striking
fact should not be overlooked, that this metropolis
of the Union is filled to overflowing with the locust
hosts of office seekers from all parts of the Confed-
eracy; and the cry is, Still they come. Why shajl
not this legion of fiery expectants be duly attended
to and encouraged? They have come far; they
have expended much money in the journey; they
have'worried their friends with getting up suitable
-recommendations for station; they are thronging
our streets, our public places, and even the gal-
leries of this Senate Chamber. It would be cruel
to subject them to utter disappointment; and I
repeat again, that we are bound to make liberal
allowance for our friends, who feel it to be their
duty doubtless to provide as far as they can for
the pressing emergencies of the moment.
But, sir, to be serious. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] to whom I al-
ways listen with feelings of respect and kindness,
gravely urges in our hearing that this case of de-
ferred patronage is not without precedent in our
annals; and that, in Lhe instances of Wisconsin and
Iowa, a similar postponement of official appoint-
ments occurred. Does not the honorable Senator
perceive that there is no analogy between the cases
cited by him and the one before us? Although it
is true that the bestowal of office in Wisconsin and
Iowa was, owing to peculiar causes, postponed for
a short period of time; yet this was done with a
distinct understanding that when the hour for ap-
pointing should arrive, the President then in power
would have the dispensation of patronage in his
hands—a state of things directly contrary to that
which is attempted to be arranged for by this
amendment.
Mr. President, before I take my seat I feel bound
to offer a remark or two upon a measure that will
be shortly brought up for our consideration, and
which has been referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. I allude to the bill pro-
viding for the establishment of the Home Depart-
ment. Now, it is well known to some of my
fr-iends here that I have been very much inclined
to vote for this measure ever since its first recom-
mendation by the very distinguished gentleman
from my own State, who has presided with so
much ability for the last four years in the Depart-
ment of the Treasury. My present inclination,
sir, certainly is to vote for it; and I shall assuredly
do so, if I am not deterred by an illiberal and mo-
nopolizing conduct on the part of members of the
Whig party in Congress, such as has been made
the subject of complaint and animadversion on the
present occasion. The honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, when he urges upon us the estab-
lishment of the Home Department on the ground
that it has been recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury, should recollect that this measure,
now deemed so essential, did not meet with any ex-
traordinary favor among Whig gentlemen in eithfcr
House of Congress until within a week or two past,
when it had become obviously too late for the Ad-
ministration which recommended it to derive any
advantage from its establishment. I would also re-
mind my honorable friend from Massachusetts that
this is the fiist occasion, as 1 believe, upon which
any member of the Whig party has awarded the
least credit to the Secretary of the Treasury for his
recommendation of the measure to our favorable
consideration. When it was under discussion in the
other wingof this Capitol,if I recollect aright,even
the name of the Secretary of the Treasury was not
thought of in connection with an important project
which had undeniably originated with him. Then,
certain gentlemen of the Whig party were allowed
to carry off all the honor supposed to be connected
with the authorship of this measure; and even in
the columns of the National Intelligencer, of this
city, I observed with some mortification that a
similar course was pursued: two distinguished gen-
tlemen of the Whig party were commended in
language both strong and glowing for bringing for-
ward a bill promising so much public advantage,
without the Secretary of the Treasury being even
remotely alluded to. Now, sir, in this transaction,
1 regret to say, I discover the same selfish and
monopolizing spirit of whic«h I have already spoken
so freely—with this striking addition, that an at-
tempt has been made, in a spirit decidedly unbe-
coming, to deprive a prominent member of the
Democratic party of that eclat to which he was
justly entitled; reminding us forcibly of that in-
stance of moral larceny alluded to a few nights
since by my honorable friend from New York,
[Mr. Dickinson,] and equally justifying that quo-
tation from Shakspeare whicn provoked us ali, at
the moment, to so much merriment, illustrative of
tiie peculiar criminality attendant upon the stealing
of a man's good name, and making him poor in-
deed, without ennching the pilferer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, (interposing.)
Why, this plan originated with Alexander Ham-
ilton!
Mr. FOOTE. Well, sir, I do not know that
to be the fact; but I am informed that a measure
something like this was recommended both by
Mr. Madison and Mr, Monroe; but is my hon-
orable friend from Massachusetts entirely consist-
ent with himself on this occasion ? He has but
just now insisted that the Democratic party were
responsible for its recommendation, i think he
called it the scheme of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; and now he seems to suggest that neither the
Democratic party nor the Secretary deserve the
least credit for bringing it forward, since its true
author was a distinguished Federal leader of the
olden time.
Mr. DAVIS (interposing) remarked that this
was a Whig measure, introduced by Whigs in the
House of Representatives, and sustained by Whigs
in the Senate.
Mr. FOOTE. Well, sir, I fully admit it to be
a Whig measure, as at present proposed to us;
that H is urged upon our consideration in the true
Whig spirit, at such a time and under such cir-
cumstances as must carry all the spoils of office
into Whig hands; and yet I expect to vote for it
should the amendment now under consideration
be receded from; for, though I confidently expect
to be compelled to make war upon the Administra-
tion shortly to come into power, upon all the fun-
damental issues which divide the two great parties
of the Union, yet I should scorn to present a mere
factious opposition to any Administration in ad-
vance of its actual accession to power, especially
when, by so doing, I might more or less endanger
the vital interests of the Republic.
Mr. BERRIEN. I am very sensible that it is
better that we should get rid of this unprofitable
discussion; I .therefore move an adjournment.
Upon this motion a division was called for, re-
sulting;—ayes 18, noes 28. So the motion was not
agreed to.
The question being upon the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until to mor-
row—
Mr. DAVIS withdrew his motion.
The question then recurred upon non-concurring
in the last amendment to the bill from the House
of Representatives. The yeas and nays being
called for, were ordered and taken, with the fol-
lowing result;
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Breese, Bright, Cameron, Dickinson, Dix,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fitzpamck. Foote, Han-
nega/ij Houston, Johnson of Georgia, Jones, King, Mason,
Niles, Ru*k, Sebastian, Sturgeon, Turney, Walker, West-
cott, and Fulee—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Clarke,
Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Greene, Johnson of Mary-
land, Johnson of Louisiana, Manguin, Millet, Pearee, PJieJps,
Spruance, Underwood, Upharn, and Wales—18.
So the amendment was,non-concurred in.
Mr. CAMERON moved that the Senate adjourn.
Upon this motion a division was called for, and
resulted—ayes 16, noes 23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Campbell, their Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives
concur in the 1st, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, Tth, and
8th amendments of the Senate to the bill making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes,
for the year ending the 30th June, 1850. They
agree to the 9th amendment of the Senate with an
amendment, and they agree to the 10th amendment
of the Senate with an amendment.
The House of Representatives ask a* conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
have appointed Messrs. Vinton, Brodhead, and
Barringer a Committee of Conference on their
part. *
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the 9th
and 10th amendments to the said bill, and
RecnJvetl, That theydi«agice to the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the said 9ih and 10th amend-
ments, and agree to the conteience a-ked by the House of
Representatives on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and name, on their part, Mr. Atherton, Mr. Bell, and Mr.
Hunter a Committee of Conference.
THE ARMY BILL. ~
Mr. ATHERTON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs being now in his place,
I move that the army appropriation bill be again
taken up. It will be necessary to reconsider the
vote for postponement until to-morrow, unless by
unanimous consent its present consideration is
agreed to.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, then pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the army appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, moved several
amendments, which were agreed to, but which we
were unable to obtain.
Mr. DAVIS, on offering one amendment in re-
lation to officers' forage, said: Some time since,
by instruction of the Military Committee, I intro-
duced a bill to provide for the construction of the
act of 1842, so as to give to the commissioned offi-
