638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
cers of the army commandingarsenals or armories
of instruction, being fixed or permanent posts of
the'United States, the double rations now granted
to other commanding officers of posts. This is a
provision which covers the case, based on the sup-
position that the bill we have already passed will
become a law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS further moved an amendment to
defray the expenses of printing the Ordnance Man-
ual, $6,000. In support of this amendment, he
said that the last edition of the Ordnance Man-
ual is nearly exhausted. The war with Mexico
and the investigations of the Ordnance office have
made some changes in the tactics or manual of the
ordnance corps, which are deemed to be of suffi-
cient importance to warrant a new compilation and
publication.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS further moved to amend, by insert-
ing an item to defray the expense of the topograph-
ical service, $50,000; on which he said: This
amount is something like five thousand dollars
more than the estimate of the head of the Topo-
graphical Engineers. This amendment to the bill
is based upon a report and joint resolution which
I had the honor to submit to the Military Commit-
tee, but which have never been acted upon by the
Senate. To decide wisely, upon the best routes
and positions for frontier posts, it is deemed neces-
sary to examine the mountain ridge south of Santa
Fe and east of the Rio Grande, and the country
and routes which lie south of those which have
been examined, being all those which are below
the head of the Arkansas rivtr, and thence west to
the Pacific, down to our new boundary with Mex-
ico. The expense of the boundary to be run be-
tween the United States and Mexico has not been
estimated for in this appropriation. I supposed
the appropriation for surveying the boundary
would cover all the expenses of that part of the
examination. . ,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS further moved to amend the bill by
inserting an item of $50,000 for secret services ren-
dered to the United States in the war with Mexico,
to be expended under the direction of the President
of the United States*, in support of which he said:
I cannot explain the objects for which this appro-
priation is made, because such explanation on my
part, as every Senator must perceive, would be
improper. The services were of a nature it is im-
possible for me to specify, and for which full com-
pensation has not been made. To one thing I may
cull the attention of the Senate, however, and that
is, that those Mexicans who rendered services to
the American army, and who, to avoid the revenge
thus drawn upon their heads, were compelled to
return with our army when it evacuated the Mexi-
can territory, are now in New Ot leans, destitute
and unprovided for—in the destitution which has
been brought upon theni by their faith to our
cause. They should have been provided for out
of those contributions levied upon Mexico; this
fund has been turned over or is to be accounted for
to the United States, and no provision has been
made to fulfill the equitable claims and just expect-
ations of these Mexicans.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS further mo-ved to amend the bill by
adding a provision making compensaiion for extra
gerviccs performed by clerks in the Adjutant Gen-
eral's office, upon which he said: It has been rep-
resented to me that this proposed allowance for
extra services is a very proper one. Owing to the
great increase of business—the consequence of the
late war—at this office, the clerks have had to labor
the greater part of the night, and they now ask to
be remunerated for their extra labors.
Mr. ATHERTON. This is the same descrip-
tion of claim that has been rejected in the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. If once allowed in
these bills, there will be no end to them.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question being upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamlin*,] providing for the discharge of a corps
of sappers and miners who had served in the late
war, and concurience with which was postponed
owing to the absence of the chairman of the Mil-
itary Committee—
_ Mr. DAVIS. As I understand it is regarded as
important by the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee that this bill should be passed to-night, I
will ask the attention of the Senate for the buefest
period only which will enable me to point out the
main features of my objection to the amendment
offered by the SenatorVrom Maine which has been
attached to this bill. It is a part of the system I
opposed last year, then applied to a mounted rifle
regiment. It is legislation upon the executive de-
tails of the army. The case is, by law, to order
the discharge of a company of soldiers before the
Expiration of their enlistment, because their serv-
ices were of an extraordinary character and the
character of their enlistment somewhat unusual.
Such was the proposition and such the reasoning
in the case of last year. 1 anticipated evil then—
evil alone from the adoption of the principle, and
the result has, I regret to say, more than verified
my anticipations. It is now proposed by this
amendment to make the same experiment on this
corps of sappers and miners. How tar it can be
done without creating discontent, and impairing
the efficiency of the army, drawing numerous ap-
plications for like indulgences from other regiments,
it is for time only to determine. I consider it a
distinction we have no right to make. This is a
corps receiving higher compensation, performing
I more agreeable duty, and with greater advantages
j for instruction, than Che ordinary corps m service.
I The advantages promised to them at the time of
! their enlistment have not been exactly afforded
I them because of the war; but they have now
' reached the point at which the expectations created
i by the chaiacter of their enlistment may be real-
! ized. Whatever claim may have been founded
i upon the promise to instruct them as engineer sol-
diers, for a discharge when they were m the field,
is answered now by their return and consequent
opportunity to receive the instruction which, it is
alleged, formed the inducement to their enlistment.
Mr. D1X. Tins case is a peculiar one, some-
what different from that presented last winter. I
undeistand these young men aie of the highest
respectability. They were induced to enlist be-
cause of promises that they should go to West
Point and be instructed in the profession of civil
engineering. Instead of this, they were sent to
Mexico, numbering seventy-six strong, and re-
turned with only twenty-odd men. Their places
can be immediately filled up.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. BELL moved to amend the bill by insert-
ing an appropriation of $52,000 for carrying into
efiect treaties made with the ►Siockbridge tribe of
Indians; which was agreed to.
No further amendment being offered, the bill,
as amended, was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed, and was read a third time, and
BILLS PASSED.
The following bilk were considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, reported to the Senate, read
a thiid time, and passed:
A bill lor the relief of B. O. Payne.
A bill tor the relief of Joshua barney.
A bill for the relief of Lizur B. Caniield.
A bill to cause the northern boundary of the
State ot iowa to be run and marked.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 1, 1849.
The Clerk had proceeded in the reading of the
Journal tor about fifteen minutes; when
The SPEAKER interposed, and said, the Chair
would venture to state to the House, that owing
to the amount of foimal business yesterday, theie
were sixty wiitten pages of the Journal, it was
quite obvious that the House was not paying at-
tention to the reading.
On motion of JMr. CRANSTON, the further
reading was dispensed with.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILM
The civil and diplomatic bill was leceived from
the Senate with amendments, and, on motion of
Mr. VINTON, was leferred to.the Committee of
Ways and Means.
MINERAL LANDS ON LAKE SUPERIOR.
Mr. McCLELLAND asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House, and if that were denied he gave
notice that he should move a suspension ot the
rules, to take up the bill to reduce the prices of
mineral lands on Lake Superior. It was a very
important bill, (he said;) and if it did not pass the
House to-day, it could not get through the Senate.
Mr. DIXON objecting-—
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules: Ayes 40, noes not counted.
THE CENSUS OF 1850.
Mr. PALFREY asked the unanimous consent,
and 'that being denied, he gave notice he should
move to suspend the rules, to introduce a bill to
make arrangements for taking the seventh census.
It was a very short bill, and he asked the Clerk to
read it for information.
The bill was read as follows:
AN ACT to make arrangements for taking the Seventh
Census.
Beit enacted by the Semite awl House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Oon^re^s assembled. That
the Secietary of Slate, the Secretary of the Home Drpait-
ment, (if such office js by Jaw cieated,) and the Po^tmu^ter
General, shall constitute and be a board, to be st\ led the Cen-
sus Board; that it shall he the duty ot the said board to pre-
pare arid cause to be printed such forms and schedules as
maybe necessary for the full enumeration of the inhabit-
ants of the United States, and also proper forms and t-ched-
ules for collecting in statistical table?, under proper head-*,
such information as to mines, agriculture, commerce, man-
ufactuies, education, and other topics, as will exhibit a full
view of the pursuits, indiistiy, education, and resources of
the count! y; it being piovided that the number of said in-
quiries, exclusive ot the enumeration, shall not exeewl one
hundred, and that the expense incurred in preparing and
printing said forms and schedules shall not exceed ten thou-
sand dollars.
Sfc. 2. Jlnd. be it further enacted, That the said board shall
have power to appoint a secietary, whose remuneration
shall be determined by Congress, upon the completion of
the duties assigned to the board.
Objection being made—
The question was taken, the rules were sus-
pended, and the bill was brought before the House.
Mr. MEADE inquired if the gentleman from
Massachusetts was aware that there was already
a bill before the House providing for taking the
census of 1850?
Mr. PALFREY said he knew it very well. He
was acquainted with that bill. It was reported last
session by the Judiciary Committee. It was sub-
stantially a transcript of the act for taking the sixth
census, ten years ago. There were only a few
immaterial alterations, such as a change of the
months for making the enumerations and returns,
a definition of "transient persons," (fee.; and three
sections were added relating to the correction of
returns, the compensation of employes, and the
distribution of the printed tables. Now, every
one knew that the census of 1840 had been a mor-
tifying failure. It had not been satisfactory at
home, nor creditable to us abroad. It was de-
formed by the grossest errors. This was no doubt
owing, in a great degree, to want of competency
and faithfulness on the part of the agents. But
it was also to be partly ascribed to the character of
the act. In his opinion, it was not a judicious
and well-considered law. It aimed at far too much.
The schedules comprehended altogether too many
questions to admit a possibility of correct rephes,
to say nothing of the character of the inquiries,
which in many instances were not sufficiently pre-
cise. But he would not trespass on the indulgence
of the House, which had been so kindly accorded
to him, to go into an examination of the bill. It
was perfectly apparent to all who had given any
attention to the subject, that it ought at least to
receive considerable amendments before it should
become a law. It was also perfectly obvious that
such amendments could not be made with suffi-
cient deliberation by Congress in the three hurried
days which alone remained of its present session.
Why not, then, postpone the passage of any law
till the next Congress? The reason was, that that
course would not leave the proper time to execut-e
the law within the period prescribed by the Con-
stitution. The cost of the last census was nearly
& million of dollais. This sum gave some idea of
the amount of work done. To mention one par-
ticular alone, besides the preparation, printing, and
distribution of' the schedules, no less than ten
thousand reams of paper of a peculiar kind would
have to be made to print them on. He (Mr. P.)
had been informed, that at the taking of the sixth
census, the Government, by reason of a similar
delay, had been obliged to induce the manufac-
turers, in the winter time, when the mills did not
work regularly, to break off their contracts with
private parties, so as to furnish the supply ;n sea-
son, and the Government had to pay the damages.
Under any Circumstances, he (Mr. P.) thought
that a business of sueh detail would be best left to
