640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
sented, and minority reports or views were pre-
sented. But a majority of the committee disaf-
firmed the power of the President to collect duties
or disburse them when collected. The report had
been ordered to be printed; and inasmuch as it
could not be got at, he was willing, rather than
admit such unwarrantable power, even by impli-
cation, to admit such an amendment as was pro-
posed, because it was in conformity with the
opinions expressed by the majority of the com-
mittee.
He demanded the previous question on the mo-
tion to reconsider.
And there was a second.
After an inquiry by Mr. STANTON—
Mr. KAUFMAN moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
Mr. VINTON asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
The question was then taken, and the House
decided that the motion should not be laid on the
table. *
The main question (on the motion to reconsider)
was then ordered to be taken.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered,
and being taken, were—yeas 86, nays 88—as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Barringer, Car-
row, iilackmar, Boyden, Biady, Buckner, Butler, Cabell,
Canhy, Chapman, Chngman, Oollamcr, Cranston, Crowell,
Crozier, Dickey, Dixon, Donnell, Dunn, Eckeit, Edwards,
Einbree, Nathan Evans, Fisher, Freedley, Gayle, Griddings,
Goggin, Gott, Grinnell, Hale, Nathan K. Hall, James G.
Hampton, Moses Hampton, Henrv, Hilhard, I. E. Hohnes,
Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Irvin, John YV. Jones, Daniel P.
King, William T. Lawrentfr, Lincoln, McIIvaine, Horace
Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Mopehead, Mullin, Nelson, Nes,
Newel!, Outlaw, Palfrey, Pendleton, Pollock, Preston, Put-
nam, Reynolds, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman,
Rose, Root, Rumsey, St. John, Schentk, Shepperd, Slier-
riJI, Tiunian Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Strolnn,
Tallmadge, Taylor, Richard W. Thompson, Toombs, Tuck,
Vinton, Warren, White, and Wil?on—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Beale, Bedmger, Bingham,
Oirdsall, Bowdon, Bovvhn, Bridges, Brcdhcad, C. Brown,
Albert G. Brown, Buit, FranklirfClark, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cutnmins, Daniel, Darling, Edsall, Faran, Feather-
ston, Fickhn, French, Fulton, Green, Greeley, Willaid P.
Hall, Hammond,Haralson, Harmanson, Hairis,HenIe\,Hill,
George S. Houston, Inge, Jameson, Jenkins, Audiew John-
son, James Ii. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W.
Jones, Kaufman, Kennon,. Lahm, La S£re, Sidney Law-
rence, Leffier, Ligon, Lumpkin, Maclay, McClelland, Mc-
Clernand, McKay, McQueen, Job Mann, Meade, Miller,
Mori is, Morse, Nicoll, Peaslee, Peck,Petrie, Petut, Peyton,
Phelps, Rhett, Richardson, Richey, Robinson, Sawyer,
Simpson, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, Starkweather,
Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Thrfmns, James Thompson, Ja-
cob Thompson, William Thompson, Thurston, Venahle,
Wentwortfc, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wilmot, and Wood-
ward-88. ' '
So the motion was not reconsidered.
The bill was read a third time; and the question
being on its passage—
Mr. VINTON asked the yeas and nays, re-
marking that he fished to record his vote against
the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, the main
question was ordered, and being taken, the vote
stood—yeas 105, nays 67—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Bedinger, Bird-
Rail, Bowdon, Bowlin, Boyd, Budges, Brodheari, Charles
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Butler, Cathcart, Clapp,
Franklin Claik, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cothns, Cummins, Daniel, Darling, Edsall, Faran, Feather-
ston, v icklin, French, Fulton, Gayle, Gentry, Goiratn, Green,
Greeley, Willard P. Hall, Hammons, Haralson, Harmanson,
Han is, Henley, Hill, Hilhard, G. S. Houston, Inge, Jame&on,
Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James H. Johnson, Robert W.
Jo.in^on, George W. Jones, Kennon, Daniel P. King, Lahm,
?,,d^ey Lawrence, Leffler, Lord, Lumpkin, Mc-
Clelland, McClernand, McDowell, McKay, McUueen, Job
Mann, Meade, Miller, Morehead, Morris, Murphy, Nieoll
Peasice, Peek, Petrte, PejUt, Peyton, Phelps, Ptlsbury, PoJ-
loc.c, Rhutt, Richardson, Richey, Robinson, Sawyer, Shen-
perd Simpson, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton, Staikwedth-
er, Charles E. Stuart, Strong, Thomas, James Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, William Thompson. Thurston, Toombs,
Tuck, Venable, Wentworth, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wii-
mot, and Woodward—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Barringer, Bar-
row, Blackmar, Boyden, Buckner, Cabell, Chapman, Ohng- i
man, Coltamer, Conger, Cran&ton, Ciowell, Crozier, Dick-
ey, Dickin-on, Dixon, Donnell, Duer, Edwards, Nathan !
Evans, fisher, Fieedley, Gott, Gregory, Grinnell, Hale,
Nathan K. flail, James G. Hampton, Henry, Isaac E. I
Holmes, Hubbard, Hunt, Kellogg, William T. Lawrence, !
Lmcohi, Mclivaine, Horace Mann, Marsh, Muliin, NeNon!
Newell, Outlaw, Palfrey, Pendleton, Preston, Reynolds,
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman, Rose, f?oot!
Rumsey, St John, Schenck, Sherrili, Caleb B. Smith, Tru-
mV?afd'w!&T7f"madse' Taylor' VVat™>
So the bill was passed.
MOBILE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
Mr. GAYLE made an appeal to the House, ta
allow him to call up the bill granting the right of
way to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company.
The House would bear him witness, he said,
that he had but seldom taxed its patience. The
bill contained but one section; and he pledged him-
self, if the House would take it up, to move the
previous question.
Objection having been pnade—
The SPEAKER said a suspension of the rules
was necessary.
Mr. GAYLE moved a suspension of the rules.
Some conversation followed.
BRANCH MINT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. MEADE asked for a vote on the motion
heretofore submitted by him to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the bill to establish a branch mint in the harbor
of San Francisco.
Mr. WENTWORTH said, with the permis-
sion of the House, he would make a suggestion
which would enable both gentlemen [Messrs.
Gayle and Meade] to accomplish their objects,
and at the same time to facilitate the public busi-
ness.
[Several calls to order.]
After some conversation between Mr. FICK-
LIN and the SPEAKER—
The question on the motion of Mr. Meade was
taken, and decided in the negative—two-thirds not
voting therefor.
Sothe rules were not suspended.
MOBILE AND OHIO RAILROAD.
The question then recurred and was taken on
the motion of Mr, Gayle; and, two-thirds not
voting therefor, the rules were not suspended.
Mr. GAYLE moved a reconsideration of the
vote.
The SPEAKER remarked that the motion was
not debatable.
And the question being taken, the House deci-
ded that the motion should not be reconsidered.
Mr. VINTON moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of taking up the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. GRINNELL asked the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vinton] to waive the motion, to allow
him (Mr. G.) to move that Senate bills, on their
first and second reading, be taken up and referred.
Mr. VINTON waived his motion.
Mr. McCLERNAND objected.
Mr. GRINNELL moved a suspension of the
rules.
Tellers (Messrs. Grinnell and McClernand)
were appointed: and the question was taken, and
stood—ayes 72, noes 45.
So two-thirds not voting therefor, the rules were
not suspended.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question recurred and was taken on the
motion of Mr. Vinton; and having been decided
in the affirmative—
The House resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Chapman,
of Maryland, in the chair.)
On'motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee took
up the Indian appropriation bill, (which had been
returned from the Senate with certain amend ments.)
Mr. VINTON moved that the committee rise,
with a view to enable him to offer, in the House,
a resolution closing debate on the said bill.
The motion having been agreed to, the commit'
tee rose and reported.
Mr. VINTON offered a resolution terminating
debate on the said bill in one hour after the House
should again have gone into committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, said he hoped
the gentleman would not stop debate altogether.
It ought to go on for a short time. The bill was
an important one. He moved an amendm«|t, sub-
stituting three hours for one. j
The amendment was rejected. j
Mr. VINTON modified his resolution, so as to i
extend the time to one hour and a half. j
The resolution, thus modified, was adopted. |
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee j
again resolved itself into Committee of the Whole :
on the State of Union, (Mr. Chapman in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of said bill.
Certain amendments of the Senate were read
and concurred in.
Mr. VINTON offered the following as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the Senate in relation
to the Cherokee Indians:
To provide for carrying into effect the treaty of the 6th of
August, A. D. 1846, with the Cberokees, to be paid, or so
much thereof a« may be found due on a fair and just settle-
ment of all moneys due to the Cherokee?, in addition to the
sums heretofore appropriated, the further sum of $1,231,-
424 75, that is to say, the sum ot $588,398 46, to cairy into
effect the provisions of the fourth and fifth articles of
said treaty, and the sum of $645,026 29 to carry into effect
the ninth article of said treaty, which said settlement
shall be made on the pait of thr United States by such
officer or officers of the proper Executive department as
the President of the United Slates shall direct to per-
form that duty, such ofiieer or offioeis to be subject to the
supervision and control of the head of the department to
which he or they is or are attached; and their acts shall re-
ceive the sanction of such d' partment. And on the p.trt of
the Cherokees, said settlement to bo made by an agent or
agents, duly empowered to act for and bind them in the
premises; and the said {Settlement, so made, shall he final,
conclusive, and binding upon both parties theieto for all the
matters contained in said treaty. And, in view ol the fluc-
tuations to which the receipts from the customs and the
public lands are at all times exposed, it may so happen that
the revenues of the now current and next fiscal year, after
defraying the ordinary expenditures of the Government,
may not be adequate to meet the payment of the abov<?
appiopriated sum of $1,231,424 75, and also the two in-
stalments of the Mexican treaty, amoun'ing to the sum of
$7,2(59,000, appropi lated for by'the act of the present session,
entitled "An act to provide for carrying into execution, in
part, the twelfth article of the treaty with Mexico, con-
cluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo," the tiist and fourth sections
of the act of the 22d of July, A. D. 184d, entitled " An act
to authorize the issue of treasury notes and a loan," be, and
the same are hereby, revived ; but treasury notes shall not
be issued by virtue of this act to exceed in all the sum of
five millions of dollais outstanding at any one time; and the
authority hereby given to issue treasury notes s*hall expire at
the end of the next <5p«Mon of Consrre^s ; and the treasury
notes issued under the provisions of this act shall not bear
a higher late of interest than six per centum per annum,
and no part thereofshall be disposed of atless than par; and
to meet the necessary expenses of issuing said treasury notes
the sum of twenty thousand dollars is hereby appropriated.
Mr. V. proceeded to explain the amendment.
His first few sentences were very doubtfully heard,
owing to the great noise in the Hall. He referred
to the difficulties which had heretofore attended
the settlement of the claims of the Cherokee In-
dians.
The course heretofore pursued had been for the
United States to go orf and make up the accounts
with the Indians; and whenever Congress made
appropriations for this object, those bills have been
so far satisfactory to the Indians, that they had
received the money. But whenever Congress had
passed a bill concerning them, which was not sat-
isfactory, or which was of such a character that
they could raise out of its terms the slightest im-
plication against the United States, they had uni-
formly resisted it. This course had been pursued
till the condition of things—taking into view the
various laws and treaties on the subject—had be-
come the most complicated matter that he ever
looked into. He ventured to offer the opinion,
that these difficulties had laid the foundation for
contracts for the services of agents to prosecute
these claims, by which as much as $150,000 were
to be given to their agents and attorneys in the
shape of fees. And the whole thing had become
so complicated that it would not be settled, he
feared, for more than half a century. For after a
settlement with their agents and attorneys, the
Indians, by the terms of the treaty, could come
forward, and say to this Government, We require
a settlement with you. The United States had
gone into this settlement, just as though the gen-
tleman from North. Carolina and he (Mr. V.)
were in account with each other, and he (Mr. V.)
were to sit down and make up the account from
his own book.
[Mr. Vinton yielded the floor for a report from
the Committee on Enrolled Bills.]
When the SPEAKER again recognized him—
Mr. VINTON proceeded. He was explaining
the principle upon which we had attempted to ad-
just our difficulties with these Indians, preparatory
to a statement of the proposition to which the
Committee of Ways and Means had resorted for
the purpose of bringing this business to an end.
All that we had heretofore done was just as though
the gentleman from North Carolina and himself
-were in account, and he (Mr. V.) were to sit down,
look over his own account, and strike a balance,
without the consent of the gentleman from North
Carolina, or his having anything to do with it, and
call that a settlement. The Indians had constantly
received the money which had been by law appro-
priated to them from time to time; but whenever,
an act had been passed upon the subject which the
