1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
/ \
@4^
W. Jones, K^nnon, La Sdre, William T. Lawrence, Sidney
Lawrente, Liami, Loid, Lyude, McClelland, McKay, Mc-
Queen, Job Mann, Miller, Mortis, Mor^e, Mulhn, Murphy,
Peine, Peyton, Phelps, Rhett, Relnn«on, Rose, Sawyer,
Simpson, Smart, Sianton, Starkweather, Strong, Thomas,
~ jaeol> Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Veriable, White, Wick,
Williams, and Wilson—73.
So the"amendment was not concurred in,
Mr. ViNTON said, that afterv the vote which
liad just been taken, he would move to disagree te
the amendment of the Senate, appropriating twelve
hundred and thirty-one thousand dollars for the
Cherokee claims, &c 
Mr, V. proceeded to make an explanation of the
facts; but, owing to the great noise in the Hall,
by which almost every word he spoke was lost,
be resigned the floor, simply submitting his motion
to disagree.
Mr. ASHMUN moved the previous question.
• Several gentlemen asked Mr. VintGn to proceed
- with'his explanation.
Other members addressed the Chair, ;
The SPEAKER said he would recognize no
member until order was restored.
There were several claims to the floor.
The SPEAKER said gentlemen would take
their seats; there was" so much noise that it was
impossible to hear. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Asiimjtn] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. ASHMUN demanded the previous question.
Several members still asked Mr. Vinton to pro-
ceed.
Mr. VINTON said that gentlemen appealed to
him to go on ; and yet, when he took the floor,
he could not obtain a hearing.
At length he proceeded with his explanation of
facts, and submitted that no more money should
bevpaid to the Indians until we should have had a
final settlement. The amount due (he said) had
not yet been ascertained.
The House had decided, by the rejection of the
amendment, not to authorize the issue of treasury
notes; and the state of the treasury, in his opinion,
would not justify the payment of this debt before
it became due. When it became due, it was our
duty to pay it, whether we had the means or not;
if we had not got them, we must borrow them.
"Mr. BARRiNGER made a brief explanation.
Mr. STEPHENS spoke briefly in favor of the
amendment of the Senate. He regarded it as em-
inently proper. He did not concur with the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Vinton] that-this was a
debt infuturo. It was fwdebt now due.
Mr. VINTON explained.
Mr. STEPHENS further advocated fhe amend-
ment, (yielding the floor for explanation to Messrs.
Toombs and Vinton.)
Further explanations and remarks were made
by Messrs. VINTON and STEPHENS.
Mr. POLLOCK expressed himself in favor of
striking out the Senate's amendment, and inserting
so much of the amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means as related to the settlement of
the claim. He made a motion to that effect. He
expressed his entire concurrence in the views of
Mr. Stephens.
Mr. EMBREE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment reported from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means (and adopted by the Com-
mittee of the Whole) had been rejected.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, asked the
yeas and nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being taken,
were: Yeas 88, nays 89, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beale, Bingham, Row-
don, Bowlin, Boyd, Bridge*, Rmdhead, Wilham G. Brown,
' Charles Brown, Albeit G. Brown, Can by, Catheait. Ciapp,
Franklin Chuk, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Col-
lins, Cummin-*, Daniel, EJsall, Fatstn, Featber^ion, FickIim,
French, Gogjiin, Gieen, Willard P Rail, Hammons, Haral-
son, Ham«, Henley, Hill, Geoige S. Houston. Inge, Charles
J. Inger^oll, tverson, Jameson, Jrnkin^, Audiew Johnson,
James H. Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Geoigc W.Jones,
Kaufman,Lahm, La Seie, Sidney Lavvier.ee, LefRet, Ligon,
Lord, McClelland, McCtejnand, McKay, MeCiuren, Job
Mann, Meade, Miller, Morris, Mojve,Mui!in, Murphy, IVck,
Petrie,Peyton, Phelps PiM>m\, Rliett, ilobm^on. Rockhiil,
Rose, S'uiji-on, Robert Smith, Stanton. Chailes E. Stuait,
Strong, Thouin •, Jncob Thompson, Thui-ton. Toombs, Tin-
ner, Wentworth, Wick, Wiley, Williams, Wiimot, Wilson,
and Wnodwaid—88.
* NAYS—Abbott, A«hmun, Barrtnger, Blackmai,
fiott-s, Borden, Brad., Buck'ier, Burr, Chapman, Chngmnn,
Cocke, Conger, Ornn-ion, CrisfiWd, Ctowell, Croziei, Dick-
ey, Dixon, Domiel!, iMiei, Garnett Duncan. Eekert, Ed-
wards-, Embree, <\Mhan Evans, Farrclly, Fisher, Freedle\,
„ Fulion, Games', Gentiy, G:ddii tfs, Gott, Gteelej, Gumvli,
Hals, Nathan K. Hall, James G. Hampton, Moses Hamp-
ton, Henry, IIHiiard, Elias B. Holmes, Hubbard, Hudson,
Hunt, Irvin, Joint VV. Jones, Kellogg, Daniel P. King, Wil-
liam T. Lawrence, Lincoln, Mcltvauie, Horace Maun,
Marsh, Marvm, Morehead, Nelson, Nes, Newell, Outlaw,
Palfrey, Pendleton, Pollock, Preston, Putnam, Reynolds,
Julius Rockwell, J. A. Rockwell, Roman, Root, Ruinsey, St.
John, Shepperd, Sherrili, Shtigerlapd, Caleb B. Smith, Tru-
man Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart,Strohm,TaHmadge,
Taylor, Thtbodaux, John 13. Thompson, Toinpkm®, Van
Dyke, Vinton, and Warren—89.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The question then, recurred on the reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the amendment of the
Committee of Ways and Means had been rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked for the yeas
and-nays; which were ordered., and being taken,
were—yeas 91, nays 86, as follows:
YEAS—Meters. Abbott, Burrmger, Blackmar, Botts, Boy-
den, Brady, Buc%er, Burt, Butfei, Chapman, Chngman,
CockejConger,Cranston, Crij-'field. CrotveH, Crazier. Dickey,
Dixon, Donnell, Duer, Garnett Duncan, Eekert, Edward-*,
Embree, Alexander Evans, Nathan Evans, Farreliy, Fisher^
Freedlcy, Fulton, Gaines, Gentry, Giddiugs Gott, Greeley,'
GnnneM, Hale, Nathan K. RaH,vJamp« G.Hampton, Mo*es
Hampton, Henry. Hilhard, Elms B. Holmes, Hubbard, Hud-
son, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Irvin, Kellogg, Daniel P.
King, William T. Lavvience, Levin, Lincoln. Lord, McII-
vaine, Hoiace Mann, Maish, Marvin, Morehead, Nelson,
Nes, Outlaw, Palfrev, Pendleton, Pollock, Pieston, Putnam,
Reynolds, Jtilm> Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, Roman,
Rum^ey, St John, Shepperd, Shemtl. Shngerland, Caleb
B. Smith, Truman Smith, Stephens, Andiew Stewart,
Stroll m, Tailmadge, Ta\ lor, Tin bodaux, John B. Thompson,
Tompkins, Tuck, Van Dyke, Vinton, and Warren—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bajly, Beale, Bingham, Bow-
don, Bowlin, Boyd, Bridges, Brodhead, Charles Biown, Al-
bert G. Brown, Canby, Caihcart, Franklin Clark, Howell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Collins, Cummins, Daniel,
Darhne, EdsnH, Faran, Feafherston, Fickhn, French, Gog-
gin, Green, Willard P. IFafij Hammons, Haralson, Harris,
Henley, llill, George S. Houston, Inge, Chark-s J. Ingersoll.
Fverson, Jameson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James H.
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones, Kaufman,
Lahm, La Sere, Sidney Lawrence, Leffier, Ligon, McClel-
land, MeClernand, McKay, McQueen, Job Mann, Meade,
MiJlei, Morris, Morse, Mullin, Muiphy, Peek, Petrie, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Pilsbmy, Pdtetf* Riehey, Robmson, Rockhiil,
Simpson, Smart, Robert Smith, Stanton,Charles E. Stuart,
Sliong, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, William Thompson,
Thnr&ton, Turner, VeuaWe, Wentworth,Wick, Wiley, Wil-
liams, and Wiimot—66.
So the vote was reconsidered,
And the question recurring on agreeing to the
said amendment—
Mr. WIIITE offered an amendment striking;
out from the amendment of the Committee of
i Ways and Means so much as proposed to issue
I treasury notes, and inserting in lieu thereof a pro-
vision authorising the President to borrow five
millions of dollars, and issue stock under the same
limitations and restrictions as are contained in the
act of July 21, 1841—said stock to be redeemable
at any time within twenty years.
Mr. VINTON briefly opposed the amendment.
The original proposition of the Committee of
Ways and Means authorized the issue of treasury
notes, if there should be a dcficit in the treasury.
It was a provision for a contingency meiely.
Mr. V. also objected to the long period of twen-
ty years, in the present state of the stocks of the
Government, which commanded a high premium.
Some explanation followed between Messrs.
WHITE and VINTON.
Mr. STEPHElNS demanded the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded; and the mam question
was ordered to be now taken, (which mam ques-
tion was first on the amendment of Mr. White
to the amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means.)
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, asked the yeas and
nays; which were refused.
And the question being taken, the amendment of
Mr. White was rejected.
The question recurring on the original amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means—
Mr. WHITE asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired if the amendment
was susceptible of division r
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. HAMMONS calied for the leading of the
amendment; which was agam read.
And the question on agreeing to the said amend-
ment was then taken, and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 92, nays 85, as follows:
YEAS—Mc^rs. Abbott, Ashmun, Bauinger, Blackmar,
Botts, Bosden, Biady, Bnckner, Butt, Butler, CabelKChap-
man.Clapp. Clmiiu Ttn, Cocke, Conger, Cianilon, Crisfitld,
Cro/Aet, Dickey, Orion, Donnell. Duel. Garnett Duncan,
Dunn, Ei kert. Edwards, Embree, Nathan,Evans. Fatrelh,
Fisher, Fieedlev, Fulton, Games, Gentry, Gu'diugs, Gott,
Gieeley, Gnnnell, Hale, Nathan K.Hall, Hammons, James
G. Hampton, Moses Hampton, Hemy, Hilhard, Elias B.
Holmes, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph 1£. Ingersoll, Irvin,
Jolin W. Jones, Dqniel P. King, Levin, Lincoln, MciJvaiae*
Horace Maim, Marsh, Marvin, Morehea-d, Nelson, Nes,
Outlaw. Palfrey, Pendleton, Pollock, Preston, Putnam,'
Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockvvcll, Roman, Rurasey, St.
John, Shepperd, §hernll, SKngerland, Caleb B. Smith,
Truman Smith, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Strohm, Tall-
marice, Taylor, ThAodaux, John B. Thompson, Tompkins,
Tuck, Van Dyke, Vintoti," Warren, and Woodward-i&2.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkinson, Bayly, Beaie, Bingham, Bird-'
sail, BowtLon, Bowlin, Boyd. Bridaes, Brodhead, William
G. Brown, Charles Brown, Albert G. Brown, Canbv, Catfc-
cart, Franklin Clark. Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Collins, Citrnminc, Daniel, Ed-all, Faran, Featheifton. Ficlc-
hn, French, Gosgm, Gieen, Willard P. Hall, Haralson, Har-
,ris, Henley, Hill, Georges.Houston, Inge, Charles J, Inger-
soll, Iverpon, Jameson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James H 
Johnson. George W. Jones, Kaufman, KeHog<z, Lahm, Lst
SSre, Sidney Lawrence, Lefller,Licroii,Ly de, McClelland,
MeClernand, McKay, McQueen, JubMann, Meade, Miller,
Morse, Mulhn. Peek, Petrie, Peyton, Phelps, Reynolds,
Rhett, Richey, Robinson, Rockhiil, Rose, Simpson, Smart,
Robert Smith, Stanton, Charles E. Stuait, Strong, Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, William Thompson, Thuffeten, Tooiubs,
Tumor, White, Wick, Wiley, and Williams—85.
So the amendment was agreed to.
EXTRA PAY.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, asked the
general consent, and gave notice, if that were re-
fused, he should move a suspension of the rules,
to enable him to offer a resolution extending the
usual extra compensation to the lamp-lighters em-
ployed upon the Capitol grounds ami on Pennsyl-
vania avenue.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, objecting—
: The question was taken on suspending the rules,
and decided in the negative.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,
OrdereJ, That a message be sent to the Senate informing
that body thatnn examining the bill making appropriations
for i be current and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment, and fulfilling treaty stipulation? with the various In-
dian tubes for the year ending 30th June, 1850, two items
are discovered, amounting together to $34,000, not required
to be npproptiated.
On motion of Mr. VINTON,
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means have
leave to sit during the sessions of the House.
ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. MILLER moved to suspend the rules, to
discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union from the further consideration
of the bill to extend the provisions of the 9th sec-
tion of the act of February 11', 1847, to raise for a.
limited time a military force, and for other pur-
poses, to the commissioned officers below the rank
of brigadier general who served in the late war
with Mexico.
He stated that the Committee on Military Af-
fairs had reported an amendment, to substitute for
" brigadier general," " major general."
The question was taken by tellers,-and decided
in the negative—ayes 50, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES, of Tenne&see, m6ved that the
House adjourn. Rejected.
DUTIES IN MEXICO.
Mr. NICOLL (objection being made) moved to
suspend the rules, to allow him to introduce a reso-
lution providing for the printing of 10,000 extra
copies of'the majority and minority reports of the
Select Committee on the subject .of the duties col-
lected in Mexico. Rejected..
MEXICAN CLAIMANTS.
Mr. EDWARDS (objection being made) moved
to suspend the rules, to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the consider-
ation of the bill relative to Mexican Claimants.
Jhe SPEAKER stated that the motion to go
into committee upon a particular bill would require
a vote of two-thiids.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved that the House
proceed to the consideration of business on the'
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER stated that the motion to sus-
pend the rules had priority.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, asked the yeas
and nays; which were refused.
The question was taken,on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and was decided in the negative.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the Committee
on Military Aflans weie di«>charjred from the_ con-
sideration of certain bills, and they were laid on
the table.
Mr. FARAN moved to suspend the rules, to ena-
ble him to offer a resolution §iv;ng: the Secrcta y
of the Treasury until the next session to make the
report required of him under a joint resolution of
Congress, relative to lands m Cincinnati.
The resolution was received and adopted.
