MM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!.'
March 2,
Mr. SCHENCK moved to suspend the rules, to
"take up "the bill for the-relief of the captors of the
frigate Philadelphia, commonjy known (Fie said)
as Mrs- Decaturys bill. Rejected.
On motion of Mr. STUART, of Michigan, a
resolution'was adopted declaring that the reports
of Lieutenants Colonel Emery, Abert, and Cook,
and Captain Johnson, having .been bound together,
but 250 copies of the Volume be furnished to the
Topographical Bureau. L
Mr. CORB, of Georgia, said he did not think
the House was likely to do any good hereto-night.
He would therefore move that the House adjourg.
Tellers (Messrs. Wentworth and Edwards)
wfcre appointed. -
And the question being tftkfen, the vote stood—
ayes 88, noes 68.
The yeas and nays were then asked and ordered,
and being taken, were—yeas 89, nays 57.
So the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC. -
The foHowincr petitions and memorials were presented un-
der the rule and referred:
By Mr. RUM rift V: The petition of Amanda M. Stilhvel)
and others, iadie^ of Friendship, AUesJiany county, New
York, Uoji§ro--s to cxeicise its constitutional powers
to restrain an.t abolii-h slavery.
m By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of citizens of Clermont
'county, Ohio; petitioning Congrebs for the freedom of the
public lain!*?.
By Mr. STROHM t A memorial signed by citizens of
Pfnnsjlvamn, remonstiating against the extension of ^la-
vt rv in th<* Territories acqmied from Mexico, and praying
that slavery may he abolished in the District of Columbia.
IN SENATE.
Frjday, Jtlarch % 3849.
A message was received from, the President of
the United States, communicating a report of the
Solicitor of the Treasury, showing the operations
of thoSohcitor's Office since Us organization; which
was read and ordered to be printed.
And, on motion by Mr, WESTCOXT, it was
Ordered. That 1,000 additional copies be printed for the
use ot the Solicitors Oflit-e.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. BERRIEN presented the credentials of the
Hon. William C., Dawson,'chosen a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of Georgia for six
years from and after the 4th day of March next;
which were read.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. NILES presented a petition of citizens of
Rock county, Wisconsin, and a petition of citizens
of New York, praying that the rates of postage
may be reduced, and the franking privilege be
abolished; which were laid on the table.
Mr. jNr. also presented a petition of citizens and
females of Pennsylvania, praying the adoption of
measures for abolishing slavery throughout the
United .States; tiie motion to receive which was'
ordered 10 lie on the table.
JMr. SEBASTIAN submitted documents rela-
ting to the claims of W. W. Stevenson, register,
and Lemuel R. Lincoln, receiver at the Land Office
in Little Rock, Aikarisas, to compensation for ser-
vices in superintending certain sales of public lands
at that office; which were laid upon the table.
- Mr. CAMERON' presented a petition of citizens
of Miffliu county, Pennsylvania, praying that the
rate of postage may be reduced, and "the franking
privilege abolished; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
-Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, presented the peti-
tion of VT. L. ICendrick, an oilicer in the army,
praying to be discharged from responsibility for a
pum of public money of which he was robbed
during the evacuation of Pucbla, in Mexico, by
the United States forces; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
JUDICIARF.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom \Vas referred House bill to
authorize the judge of the courts of the United
States of the fifth circuit to hold the circuit court
for the district of Kentucky, reported the same
without amendment, and asked that it be consid-
ered ; which was agreed to.
The Senate then, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of said bill; and 110
amendment being submitted, it was reported td
the Senate, ordered to a third reading, was read a
third time, and passed. •
JOEL THATCHER.
On motion of Mr. TURNEY, the Senate, ass in
Committee of the "Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill granting a pension to Joel
Thatcher; and no amendment being offered, it waa
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
was read a third time, anjd passed.
CLERIC FOR COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS. ,
On motion of Mr.-MASON, the'Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution, submitted by him on the 18th July last:
, Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be authorized to
employ a clerk annually, whose duties 'shaSl he the same
a5? thosp now performed by the citrk of the Committee on
Claims of the House-of Representative?, until otheiwise
directed ; to he paid monthly, by the Secretary of the Senate,
nut of the contingent fund, such compensation as shall be
fixed by the committee, not exceeding tirat allowed to vn-
grossirig clerks of the Senaie.
Mr. MASON said that the Committee on Claims
had a large amount of business which they had
been unable to act upon, and that they had in-
structed him, in place of asking to be discharged
from the business that had not been acted upon, to
ask the Senate to take up a resolution which he
had reported, and which had been adopted by the
House. Heasked that"the resolution be now taken
up. It was fur the employment of a clerk to assist
that committee.
Mr. M. further said, that he would state, in a
few minutes, the reasons that induced the commit-
i tee to ask the Senate to take up the resolution
which was reported last session. The House of
Representatives had, in 1843, adopted that meas-
ure, and they had found it to be of immense benefit
to the Committee of Claims in that body. It was
not only lessening the labors of the,Committee,
but it also enabled them to guide their labors in
the investigation of claims with intelligence and un-
derstanding. The committee asked that the Senate
would at once consider the resolution and adopt it.
Mr. BENTON said that he was utterly opposed
to the business of emphoying clerks. It was only
a few days ago that the Senate had appointed an
additional number of clerk3, during the session, to
assist the committees while they were at worfe.
He had never had a clerk to assist him at all. He
may have employed his son in some cases, but he
had never employed a clerk in discharging the du-
ties of the committees on which he had been placed.
A clerk had been employed by the*Committee on
Claims of the House of Representatives; but a
clerk in that committee was more needed than one
in that body, as that was the more proper place
for claims to originate than in the Senate, and as
the same claims would have always to come be-
fore thatbody.N There were already three clerks
for iheir committee; the one.that had been em-
ployed by the House of Representatives to assist
the committee in that body, the Clerk of the House
of Representatives, and the Secretary of theSenate.
These made three clerks, all of whom would assist
the Committee on Claims in the Senate. The effect
of the bill would be to pay clerks for walking
about town during the recess of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER inquired if the subject was up
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT stated that the mo-
tion was to take up the resolution.
Mr. TURNEY hoped that the resolution would
not be taken up. He did not know whether it
was intended to make the office a permanent one
or not. At that time he was opposed to any ac-
tion on the subject. A bill had already passed
the House of Representatives authoiizmg the ap-
pointment of a board for the adjustment of private
claims, and if that bill could pass the Senate, there
would be no necessity for the additional clerk.
He would hope that the Senate would abandon
the idea of passing that resolution, and he would
move to take up that bill. He was m favor of it
in almost any shape in which it could be presented,
as it would relieve Congress of the immense labor
of examining private claims.
Mr. BRADBURY inquired if it was the bill
providing a board for the investigation of piivate
claims. He expressed a desire, if such were the
case, that that bill should be taken up.
Mr. TURNEY moved to lay on the tahJe the
motion to take up the resolution, but withdrew it
I at the instance of—
! Mr. RUSK, who said that he had been on the
| Committee on Claims, and knew the importance
I of that committee to the interests of the country to
be such as to require that the office be made a per-
manent one. He had freofuently been under the
necessity of going before the clerk appointed by
the House of Repiesentatives for the purpose of
getting information on particular claims. Some-
times he could get the information frdm the clerk,
and sometimes he could not, as he. was under the
direction of the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives. Claims that are presented to one body
and rejected are often renewed in seven years. It
was necessary to preserve all the evidence in such
claims, when they should come up again; and if
they had the cleric, he could, in a few minutes, fur-
nish them with it. He hoped the resolution would
be taken up and passed. «
Mr. TURNEY had but a word in reply. He
intended to renew his motion; but he wished first
to reply to the remark of the Senator from Texas.
He thought that -if that bill should pass, there1
would be no necessity for the, resolution.
Mr. RUSK (interposing) said that the commit-
tee employed the clerk.
Mr. TURNEY-wished to know why they
wanted to pass the resolution to make the office a
permanent one. He thought there was no pro-
priety for that course. If the bill providing the
board for settling those claims should pass the
Senate, the office would be wholly unnecessary.
The clerk would be most likely to become the
prosecutor of claims. Such had been pretty much
the case in the House. For these reasons he was
opposed„to the resolution, and he would renew his
motion to lay it on the table.
Mr. MASON asked the Senator from Tennessee
to withdraw his motion for a few minutes.-
Mr. TURNEY withdrew the motion.
Mr. MASON had a word to reply to the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] He presumed that
Senator had not been on the Committee on Claims
for the last twenty years, and could not be aware 1
of the amount of business before that committee.
The Committee on Claims had instructed him to
report that resolution; and he would-say, that
when the proposition to authorize the appointing-
of a board for the examination of private claims
should come up befor.e the Senate, he would vote
for it. There were claims which had been before
Congress for the last fifteen or twenty years, that
ougnt to be passed. He hoped that the Senate
would' not lay the-resolution on the table; but,
being bound to do so, he would renew the motion
to lay on the table. *
The question being taken on the motion to Jay
on thertable, it was agreed to.
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to thecotk-
sideration of the bill to remit the duties upon cer- .
tain goods destroyed by fire in the citv of New
York. *
Mr.-H. moved to amend'the bill by adopting a
substitute therefor.
Mr. WEBSTER said, that after a few remarks ;
he would move, as a test question, to lay that bill
on the table. There was a bill from the House
on that subject which he thought he could sup-
port; but the one now before the Senate, in its
present shape, he^could not support. He saw no
principle in it, but mere partiality. It was-to as- v
sume the duties on the goods )ost by the fire in
New York, so far as respects the owners of those
goods; but the underwriters on similar goods, who >
had paid for the loss, were not to be indemnified-
He would be glad to know upon what principle
that discrimination was made. The loss on the
insurance was as much aloss as that on the goods.
Itjvas a strange idea to him that the insurance
offices, who owned the property to the extent of
had not been recognized heretofore where property
their interest, should not be relieved because they
had at three-per cent, commission. That principle
was lost in insurance, and just claims were made
for compensation. To try the sense of the Senate
upon the subject, he would move to lay it on the v
table.
Mr. HUNTER and Mr. PHELPS both re-
quested the gentlemen to withdraw the motion.
Mr. WJKBSTER said that he would withdraw it _
for two minutes—one minute for the Senator from
Vermont, and one minute for the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. PHELPS proposed an amendment which
had been examined and concurred in by the chair- <
