1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man of the Committee on Finance. He had the
same objection to the bill as the one mentioned by
' the Senator from Massachusetts. He would .move
to strikeout that expression in the bill which ap-
plied to the insurance companies. Having offered
this amendment, if it should be rejected he would
of course let the question be taken on the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HUNTER had but a single word to say at
that time; and he would not have said anything,
had not the remarks made by the Senator from
Massachusetts seemed to demand it. It had been
asked, upon what possible principle could a dis-
crimination be made in favor of one class of suf-
ferers over those of another? It was the precise
discrimination which had been mj.de in reference
to the sufferers from the fire of 1837. That bill,
as the one now before the Senate, discriminates
between the insurer and importer. The principle
upon which the discrimination was made was a
very clear one. The insurer was paid for the risk
he runs—it came into his business; while such
was not the case with the importer.
Mr. BADGER said that he was opposed to both
the bill in its original shape, and also to the amend-
ment; and for the purpose of testing the sense of
the Senate in regard to them, he would move to
iay both the bill and the amendment on the table.
The question being taken on this motion, it was
decided not to lay on the table by a vote of ayes
16, noes 19.
Mr. BRADBURY inquired of the Senator from
Virginia whether the bill was to provide for future
cases ?
Mr. HUNTER replied that he supposed it was.
Mr. BRADBURY suggested whether there
might not be some difficulty in adopting the amend-
ment with regard to the indemnifying of insurance
offices for the losses they sustained. The$ were
paid a certain premium for their insurances. They
would, in that case, be indemnified for the very
losses which they were paid to encounter. He
would ask the Senator from Vermont whether the
effect of the amendment would be to indemnify
the insurance offices for their insurance of goods
destroyed by fire ? If so, he was opposed to it.
He was opposed to it, for the simple reason, that
when they insure, they get the premium for which
they run the risk.
Mr. PHELPS would explain his object. It
was to give the insurer the same benefit of the act
that the insured himself would have; that is to
say.,if goods were insured,and the insured received
the whole value of the goods from the insurer, he
would give the insurer himself the benefit of that
' act-
Mr. CALHOUN. I have not read this bill,
nor do I know what its provisions are. I under-
stand, as the bill now reads, that the insurer is not
to be paid, but the indemnity is limited to the
goods insured. I am not prepared to vote for the
bill. As 1 understand it, sir, all dealers sell their
goods at a price sufficient to pay for the insurance,
freight, expenses, and the general hazards' they
are-liable to incur, and among these is the hazard
of fire. They charge a price to make the business
profitable, everything considered. If that be so,
the dealer, who is not insured, stands in very
much the same position with him who is insured.
The latter.are self-insured. They charge an addi-
tional price to cover the risk of fire. The very
argument against insurers applies to these dealers,
for they are the insurers of their own property.
They charge an additional price; retaining, in this
manner, the premium charged by other insurers.
1 have never seen my way clear in attempting to
distinguish between this and other cases of fire. I
know that when an evil falls upon large masses,
our sympathies are so powerful that we can scarce-
ly resist them. But it see.ms to me that we should
look at the facts and bearings of our legislation.
This bill IS to make the Government an insurer of
goods. Now, sir, I hold that the proper way is
to consider each man who is not insured by others
as self-insured. Under this impression, unless it
shall be removed, I shall feel constrained to vote
against the bill.
Mr. HUNTER said that he had a word or two
in reply to the Senator from South Carolina. He
had paid considerable attention to that subject. It
was difficult to do justice to all in a case of this
kind. That bill provided for commissions, but
left it to the Secretary of the Treasury to dccide.
He [Mr. Calhoun] had said, however, that there
I was no difference between the insurer and the in-
! sured, and in the other cases of fire, no difference
j between the merchants and the insures. There
i was a great difference. The merchant expected
! only to encounter the ordinary risks of trade, and
; he received, in consideration, only what'was suf-
1 ficient to induce him to carry on that trade. This
I was the only Government in the world that
' charged duties on goods lost by fire. Since they
I were intended for the home consumption, being
I destroyed they could not be* used in that way.
| Others must be imported to supply their place;
j and the Government loses nothing by omitting to*
! charge the duties on such goods. ~ There were
means of preventing fraud, and of ascertaining the
j facts exactly. The bill had been revised by the
; Secretary, and he did not believe it could be better
! guarded in its language. The principle of the bill
| he also believed to 'be correct.
j Mr. CALHOUN. * The view of my friend does
p not seem to me to be correct. I will propound to.
■j him a question. Suppose the goods have^been
' insured, would you refund the amount to the mer-
chant which you are paid for the duties?
Mr. HUNTER. Being insured, this bill does
not give him any indemnity.
Mr. CALHOUN. That is the very point to
which I wish to call your attention. That is just
and right; he should not be twice indemnified.
But why should not the insurance company be
indemnified? True, they have received their pre-
mium; but so with the merchant, who is self-
insured. Does he not lay a general charge upon
what he sells to cover the expense of insurance?
And does he not, by retaining that amount instead
of paying it to an insurance company, virtually
insure his own property, and receive the premium
upon that insurance?
Mr. HUNTER. They do lay this general
chaige, and will do so, unless the Government
saves them from it by this bill.
Mr. CALHOUN. Precisely. Then the Gov-
ernment would become the insurer. It seams to'
me to be a great deal better that each man should -
be made to have his goods insured, or to insure
himself by making this general charge.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is perfectly clear, that if
this were a matter of law or legal right, to be main-
tained for the recovery of those duties, the case
would not be'here. It is a case, therefore, for the
just consideration of Congress; and I confess it is
not the first time that I have been astonished, but
I am always astonished at the occurrence of any
attempt to maintain a different equity, and a differ-
ent ground of claim upon the Government, in the
case of a man who has not been insured, and the
case of a man who has been insured and has paid
the premium. Now, the sentiment of the Senator
from South Carolina, in his view of the case, is
perfectly just. Every man who does not insure
means to' stand his own insurer. When a man
does not insure, you let him come to the Govern-
ment; .but if he does insure, and is paid by the
insurer, m that case you pay nobody. Is the case
not so ? -
Mr. HUNTER made one ortwo remarks, which
were inaudible; and the replies of Mr. VV. are
therefore necessarily omitted.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman says other
goods will be imported equal to the amount of
goods before imported, and instead of them; and
if you get duties upon all the goods that are in-
sured, you get double duties. Sir, we have dis-
cussed this question over and over, and over again,
in those foreign stipulations which we have entered
into for the recovery of spoliations at sea. Half
the money, and more too, that has been paid under
the Biitisii treaty, the Spanish treaty, and the
French treaty, was paid to insurance companies,
because the loss fell upon them. They are, in the
estimation of the law, purchasers of the goods;
they have the interest on the goods and the benefit
of the insurance. The recollection of every one
acquainted with these cases must bear me out in
that. It is plain, it is theirs in justice. But 1 see,
sir, that this matter is to be disputed. The motion
of my honored friend from Vermont [Mr. Phelps]
put the matter, as I conceived, in the right atti-
tude. That not having prevailed, I renew the
motion to lay the bill on the table, which I do not
intend to withdraw.
The question being taken upon the motion to
lay upon the table, it was agreed to.
PXJNISHMENT^OF CHIMES.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom wat referred the bill to amend ■ *
an act more effectually to provide for,the punish-
ment of certain crimes against the United States,
i and for other purposes, approved March 3, 1825,
' and an act authorizing the issue of treasury notes,
a loan, and for other purposes, approved January
28, 1847, reported it without amendment.
ADJUSTMENT OF LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. WESTCOTT, from the Committee on the
judiciary, to whom was referred the bdl to amend,
the act approved June 17,1844, entitled " Ati act
to provide for the ad justment of land claims within
the State? of Missouri, Arkansas, and Louisiana,
and those parts of the States of Mississippi and
Alabama" south of the 31st degree of north latitude,
and between the Mississippi and Perdido rivers,"
reported it with an amendment.
. Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to \vhom
was referred the petition of Tunstell in behalf
of the heirs of Jaques Clamargan, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill amendatory of an act
approved 26th May, 1824, and reenacted on the
17th June, 1844, entitled " An act enabling claim-
ants to lands within the limits of the Slate of Mis-
souri and State of Arkansas, to institute proceed-
ings to try the validity of their claims;" which
was read and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
APPELLATE JURISDICTION.
Mr. W. also, fiom the same committee, to whom %/
was referred the bill ill relation to the act to regu-
late the exercise of the appellate jurisdiction'of the
Supreme Court of the United States in certain
cases, and for other purposes, approved 23d Feb- '
ruary, 1847, reported back the same with an amend-
ment.
PETER M. MORGAN.
.Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Offiee, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Peter M. Morgan, submit-
ted an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN,
Ordered, That the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
MARIA L. NOURSE.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Claims, asked that said committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of
Maria L. Nourse; which was agreed to.
EXTRA PAY TO VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
resolution giving three months' extra pay to vol-
unteers in the Mexican war for each term of en-
listment, made an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
ERROR.
Mr. WALKER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a resolution to correct an error in the bill
recently passed for the change of a land office in
Wisconsin, in which the word " Territory" was-
used instead of " State;" which was read three"
times and passed.
RETIREMENT OF THE VICE PRESIDENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT here arose and ad-
dressed the Senate as follows:
Gkxti.emen of tiie Senate: Tne clo-?e of my official
teun being near at hand, leonfoim to an established and
convenient practice, by withdrawing from the deliberations
of this b«dy, and thus cteaung the occasion lor the choice of
a temporary President.
It is impossible for me, however, to do this, n i:hout beg- ,
ging you, each and all, to accept my thanks An the eouitesy
and lcspect In which v.m have lightened the burden o! my
seivicc in your Chamber
The elevated principle and dignified tone which mark
the proceedings of the Senate; the tiunk and yet forbearing
temper of it-? discussions; llie mutual manifestations of con-
ciliatory defeience, so just and appiopriate among the del-
egates of independent States?; and the coiisapitnt c.ilmntss
and precision of its legislative action, have attracted to u a
very laree s.haie of veneration and confidence. Four j eats
of evpenence convince i e that this confide),"e is not mis-
placed. It i  true, that such an assembly, constantly hand-
ling topics of the widest bearing, of the hidi'-n and d< epest
concern to diversified constnu'.ncie-. car.^r uv.nl being
occasionally di^tuibed b\ conflicting-tnnniei'T^ of patriotic
dut> j or by sudden impuUe-s of leolm" Cut I'm1 -c trai
disturbances mm: too intimately un'i ohvioiwy Fs^ucHed
with representatn e fidelity, with unquestionable ireed >i.i of
