6W
THEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
not charge American citizens more than the simple
expense incurred by tjieir presence on board the
vessels.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, it seems that
this measure which we are called upon to adopt is
a da-nsrerous precedent. I was not before aware
that jfre practice of transporting citizens of the
United States in national yessels existed. In my
judgment such matters should be left to individual
enterprise.- I do not like the idea ef the Govern-
.meat of the United States entering into competi-
tion with private individuals of the nation in mat-
ters of this sort. And, therefore, it seems to me-
that if such has been the practice of this Govern-
ment, the practice should be abolished forthwith.
Mr. DxWiS, of Mississippi. I will state to the
Senator from Virginia that transport vessels are
never used where they come in competition with
individual enterprise; for the simple reason that
on routes where individual enterprise has estab-
lished lines of ships, merchant vessels, or steam-
ers, or where any other modes of conveyance
exist, transport vessels are never required.
' Mr." HUNTER; f Then there can be no neces-
sity for these transports; for if there are no mer-
-chant .vessels to engage in the business of trans-
porting passengers between New Orleans and Vera
Cruz, i do not know what route has vessels
running upon"it. It strikes me that of all species
of business in which this Government could be
engaged, this is the most unsuitable to the ma-
chinery of our Government," and the nature of our
institutions. We might at least leave that to the
enteiprise of private individuals. I do riot under-
stand that the employment of these Government
steamers is to diminish even by one those that we
have already engaged.« I agree with the Senator
from Mississippi, that it is very doubtful whether
these vessels would be found to be useful even m
time of war. It is an experiment to which I was
originally opposed, and I am against extending it,
especially by the United States engaging in an
affair of this sort. I hope we will drop the matter
where it is.
,Mr, ALLEN. Mr. President, it is-ahvays bad
policy to make any changes in our legislation at
the very heel of a session of Congress, when it is
impossible^that they cfn undergo, that full and
ample discussion which ought to precede any
great change in the existing state of the Govern-
ment. i understand tnat this subject has under-
gone the consideration of one of the committees of
this body, and that, after mature deliberation, they
have rejected it.
Mr. DOWNS. The gentleman is mistaken.
Tins proposition has not been rejected. It was
the line to Chagres that was rejected. Another
committee reported this resolution.
Mr. ALLIEN. Be that as it may, my other
remark, however, holds good, that this matter
ought to be passed over until there can be more
time, more thought—until it can be seen how it
will affect other interests. Undoubtedly the tend-
ency of this Government and of all other Gov-
ernments is to ao everything that it will be per-
muted to do; to lay its hands on everything,
whether forbidden -or not, if it is not prevented.
And this business of the Government becommg'a
competitor, either in the coasting trade or carrying
trade, or any kind of trade, with private citizens,
is a bad thing. It is a bad practice, if n has ex-
isted, arid it ought to be stopped at once. Besides,
we have a rftail contract now for carrying the mail
from New Orleans. •
Mr. RUSK, (interposing.) Not through the
Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. ALLEN. Not through the Gulf of Mex-
ico, if the mail is not earned on the right line.
And if the mail h not carried on the right line,
then that contract ought to be put an end to before
we enter into another. 1 do not believe it is on
the right line, but some five thousand miles from
the right line, as will be found to be the fact
whenever the route over which the mail is carried
comes to be surveyed. But I will not further oc-
cupy the time of the Senate in this discussion. I
shall have to vote against this amendment, though
with reluctance, on account of the great confidence
I have in my friend ft;om Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,]
who is very little liable to introduce objectionable
i very
propositions.
Mr. DOWNS.
Mr. President^ the bill, as it
came from the House, already complies with the !
recommendation of-the-Quartermaster to tranfer j
these vessels to the Navy Department. I would
like gentlemen to consider before they vote-against
this proposition to what use the navy can put these
vessels, unless they be employed in this service. I
know of no service in which they can be more
usefully employed. The Gtuartermaster has trans-
ferred them because he has no use for them. And
shall we permit these vessels to. rot, rather than
apply them to a purpose which so many interests
cq.ll tor? We have got these vessels, and do not
know what to do with them. By applying them
to this use, they would subserve a very valuable
and important purpose, and I cannot see why gen-
tlemen should, on mere abstract questions of power,
oppose this proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. Mr. President,
I understand that these vessels are to be trans-
ferred to the navy of the United States for the ex-
press purpose of employing them, and that if this
transfer be not made they will be entirely useless^.
The measure has been fully examined and recom-
mended by the department, and has,-I understand,
been favorably reported upon by a committee of
the House and by a committee of this body. It
is perfectly understood. It is certainly a very
important measure, and especially when we take
into consideration the increased facilities it will
afford for the transportation of passengers from
New York to New Orleans and thence to Vera
Cruz. I hope it will not be postponed. It has
been fully investigated by the committees of both
Houses of Congress, and is well understood.
Mr. BRIGHT. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana, who has just taken his seat, is entirely
correct in saying that this subject has been fully
examined by a committee; but he is not correct
as to the conclusion to which the committee came.
It was very fully examined by the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and reported against.
Mr. RUSK, (interposing.) I think the Senator
from Indiana is mistaken.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 am not mistaken. I will
state the facts. A memorial was presented here
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The object of the memorialists was to run a line
of mail steamers from New Orleans-to Vera Cruz,
for which they were to be paid $150,000 per an-
num. After mature deliberation, the committee
reported against the proposition. They did not
report in haste. Inquiries were made at the Post
Office Department by members of the committee,
arid, among others, by myself, with reference to
the necessity of expending that sum for that ser-
vice, and it was admitted by all, that 30 far as the
question ofvdollars and cents was concerned, it-
would be so much money thrown away. This
proposition is identically the same in substance.
The language may be changed; the manner of
Service may be changed a little, by limiting it en-
tirely to the transportation of passengers. But'
that, 1 apprehend, makes very little difference.
The amendment provides for carrying passengers
to such and such points, and for such and such
prices. That, i think, is going a little too far.
It is narrowing legislation tlown to too small a
circle. If we have no use for these vessels, sell
them, or chain them to the shore, and let them rot.
It would be much better to make that disposition
of them, so far as the pecuniary benefit of the
public service is conccrned, than that such a sys-
tem should be opened up between these two points,
as this-amendment proposes.
After the committee had reported against the
one hundred and fifty thousand dollar proposition
to which I have-referred, the gentleman who had
made it, came forward and offered to perform the
service for seventy-five thousand dollars, if the
committee would agree to report a bill providing
for the establishment of the line of steamers. The
committee could not report such a bill, in view of
the information derived from the Post Office De-
partment that,the receipts would not amount to
more than five thousand dollars per annum.
As I said before, 1 regard this proposition as
another effort to get into the treasury by the back
door. Pass this amendment,and, m a few years,
it will result m another line of mail steamers", cost-
ing the-Government as much as we are now paying
for carrying the mail between New York and Liv-
erpool. I will conclude with saying that I cannot
vote for this proposition. The committee have
examined the subject and reported against it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator is
mistaken. The Military Committee have exam-
ined this subject, and reported a joint resolution in
favor of the measure.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am quite certain that the
committee reported against it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. What com-
mittee?
Mr. BJIIGHT. The Naval Committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. The Naval
Committee had nothing to do with it.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Naval Committee had the
subject before them, and reported adversely.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I would say to the
Senator from Indiana [Mr. Bright] that he en-
tirely mistakes the proposition. The proposition
reported against by the Committee on Naval Af-
faiis, was to make a contract with a company.'
This-proposition is to authorize the Navy Depart-
ment to run these steamers there, first, for the
purpose of affording the necessary transportation
for the troops, semi-monthly, in the second place,
to carry the mails, because they might just as-well
do it as not; in the next place, to transport pas-
sengers. That is the entire sum arvd substance of
this proposition. The permission to carry pas-
sengers confers no privilege at all upon the depart-
ment. The amendment requires them to trans-
port passengers for the convenience of those who
wish to visit our new territories, or who wish to
return thence. And this arrangement'is demanded
by%the exigencies of the times. The convenience
of the public requires it, and it should be-granted.
As for the economy of the'honorable gentleman
from Indiana, I must say that I cannot agree to it.-
We have these vessels, which have c.ostthe Govern-
ment something like $150,000, and the Senator pro-
poses to tie them up and let them rot. What will
be the effect of such a course ? 'We shall lose what
these vessels cost the Government, and then force
the Quartermaster's department to pay more than
would be paid, under this arrangement, for send-
ing their transports from New Orleans to Vera
Cruz.
Now, in regard to the competition we enter into
with private enterprise, by carrying these passen-
gers, we enter into competition with nobody on
eaith but the British mail steamers.- And is it
proper and right thatwe should depend, for all our
communications with Vera Cruz, upon the British
mail steamers ? We now depend upon them for
carrying our mails to Vera Cruz. The veryjiis-
patches we send to our minister in Mexico, are
conveyed by the British mail steamers, unless we
go to the enormous expense of sending a special
messenger.
Mr, BADGER. Mr. President, I desire merely
to say that I concur with the view of this subject
taken by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter.] My objection to this proposition is, that it
intends to embark the Government in the business
of the transportation of passengers in a line of ves-
sels for hire or compensation. So far' as it is
necessary to employ these vessels when they shall
be turned over to the Navy Department for the
transportation of our troops, munitions of war, or
anything else connectcd with the operations of the
Government, no legislation is required. That is,
of course, within the proper authority of the Navy
Department, and, whenever the necessities of the
Government require the performance of any of
these duties, they will be discharged by the De-
partment.
But, I agree with the Senator from Virginia-, that
if there is anything that should be left to piivate
enterprise and competition, it is the transportation
of passengers from one point to another for hire.
However, independent of every objection that
has been urged against the amendment, this con-
sideration is conclusive against the measure. The
Government must do one of two things. They
must either transport passengers for hire, turn into
the business of supporting a line of packets, and
open books for keeping accounts of the money
received, or else they must transport passengers
gratis: in either case they must establish a line of
Government packets—an act nowise distinguish-
able, so far as I can see, from one for establishing a
line of Government post coaches to enter into com-
petition with the appropriate operations of puivate
persons—and to set the Government against the
laudable enterprise of private individuals.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (interposing.) I
am sure the Senator will not urge, as an objection
to the amendment, anything which it does not con-
tain. He is certainly arguing against something
