mi
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March -2,
the Government of New Granada a contract by
which they have the exclusive right to make a
railroad across the Isthmus of Panama.^ That
right of uself, in my humble estimation, is worth
little.to them unless they can throw overit theshield
of the United States for the protection of their prop-
erty. It is hardly necessary to say that no prudent
citizen of the United States would invest a, large
sum of money, some five millions of dollars, or
anything like it, to build a-road in any of theStates
of Central America, unless they can carry with
them the moral capital which the protection of the
United States would afford them. Now, the first
object, as I understand it, of the gemlemen who
have made aproposition to Congress at this session,
has.-been to get from the Government of the United
Suites that protection of ijjeir rights, that moral
power of thft_Umted States thrown oyer them to
protect them in the enjoyment of their property.
- They have also proposed to the Govei nment of the
United States that they would, for a certain com-
pensation, transport for the Government all us
men, munitions of war, and every material which
they might desire to have carried from one side of
the isthmus to the other. Now, sir, unless some-
thing be done in the shape of a contract with some
company for the transportation of your munitions
of war, mails, men,&c., you hav$no other resource
but to send- all these Government stores and men
by your ships of war around Cape Horn. I would
simply remark here that, from the fact that a sloop
of war in the service of the United States costs the
Government seventy-five thousand dollars a year
for pay and support of the men, that a frigate costs
two hundred thousand dollars a year, and a ship
of the line costs three hundred thousand dollars a
year, I think we should save a vast sum annually
by sending our munitions of war, and other sup-
plies, across the Isthmus of Panama, instead of
sending these ships around Cape Horn. Why,
sir, a frigate is six months on its passage from our
Atlantic to our Pacific coast. It could make but
one voyage in a year. To send.oursupplies, then,"
in our Government vessels around Cape Horn,
would cost the Government of the United States
absolutely more than has been asked at the highest
rate for the security of this road across the Isthmus
of Panama.
But this is i^ot the plan now proposed, but a
new plan suggested by ,the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Cameron.] I shall give my vote for
his plan, because I consider it a matter of neces-
sity that there should be some means b$r which
the population which is now flowing into that coun-
try may be enabled to travel easily and safely
thither, anjd return easily and safely to their homes
in this countny, whenever they shall choose to re-
turn, and by which a communication may be kept
up between our people at home and the people of
California.
Mr. President, we "have heard of the necessity
of giving a government to California. The po-
sition of the people of that country has been
depicted here. All their necessities have been ex-
plained and set forth. Those necessities are real.
The Congress of the United States have been
advised that some government should be formed
there, if a government is .ever to be formed there,
before the close of the present season. We have
no communication between this country arid that
except the ordinary communication—that long,
tedious, and dangerous route around Cape Horn.
In such a state of things it is, I may say, almost
entirely useless to give a government to California.
That country lies so far distant from the seat of
the Federal Government, communication with it is
so difficult and so unfrequent, that it seems as
though it would be almost impossible to hold in
check the fierce and lawless tendency of a portion j
of the population. Any government that we can
establish over it would lose half its effect from the
want of power to execute it. J have nothing more
to say. I leave the subject to the Senate.
The question being on the amendment of Mr.
Cameron, modified by the amendment of Mr. !
Footr— i
Mr. MANGUM rose and said: Mr. President, j
being utterly opposed to that amendment at the |
present time, I simply rise to ask for the yeas and '
nays. |
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted !
as follows:
' YKAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Cameron, CUrKe, Dodge of
lowsw Douglis, Fitzgerald, Greeue, Hale. King, Wales.
Wfestcett—ie. - ' '
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Badger, Ber-
rien, Borland, Bradbury, Breese, Bright, Butler, Davis of
Mississippi, Dix, Down.s, F«5lch,Fitzpatnek,Hd«iJuijHous-
ton, Hunter, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
Johnson of Georgia, Mangura,'-Mason, Niles, Pearee, Phelps,
R£kk, Spruance, Turney, and Undetwood—30.
Mr. WESTCOTT offered the following amend-
ment: 4
For the survey of the reefs, shoals, and keys and coasts of
South Florida by tiie coast survey, and tor which the Secre-
tary of ihe-Navy is hereby-directed to provide officers, ves-
sels, and crews to said coast survey, the sum of $30,000.
In offering the amendment Mr. W. said: Mr.
President, 1 do not see the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] who is a member of
the Committee on Commerce, in his seat. I would
call the attention of th,e honorable Senator from
New York, [Mr. Dix,] who is the chairman of
that committee, to the amendment which I now
offer, and which is predicated upon a report of the
Secretary of the Tieasury, which has been printed
by order of the Senate, and probably read by all.
I beg leave to say, that although tfie appropriation
proposed by the amendment is for a public woik
m my section of the country, the citizens of my
State are not interested one farthing in it. It is a
work altogether for the benefit of those who ship
produce from the western country, and the north-
ern merchants. It is exclusively, entirely, fortheir
benefit. It is an item for the survey of the reefs,
shoals, and coast of South Florida, for which the
Secretary of the Navy is authorized to appropriate
, twenty thousand dollars. There is a report of the
Secretary of the Navy on the table, printed by
order of the Senate, in which the reasons for this
appropriation are stated. I would not encumber
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, the other
day, when it wasup, with this amendment, because
1 considered it more appropriate to the bill now
before us, after hearing what was said on a former
occasion in relation to the coast survey. The hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, and the hon-
orable Senator frum New Yoik, I have no doubt,
will state that this subject has been referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and has not met with
their appiobation. I wouid state that there are
documents upon the table of the Senate showing
the annual value of the wrecks of the northern ves-
sels and western produce upon these reefs and
shoals, of which there has never been an American
chart published. The only authentic chart of that
section of the coast ever published is a Spanish
chart some eighty years old. This report estimates
the value of vessels and produce lost upon these
reefs and shoals last year at $ 1,282,000. With
these few remarks, I take leave of this matter, with
the request that the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Senator from New York, who are on the
Committee on Commerce, will give the Senate the
benefit of their knowledge upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Mr. Pres-
ident, in answer to the appeal which the honorable
Senator from Florida has addressed to me, I can
only say that this is unquestionably a very import-
ant part of the coast survey. Navigation about
that coast is extremely dangerous. The loss of
property upon the reefs and shoals with which that
coast abounds is very great. I think the amount
of property that I have seen stated as having been
wrecked within the last year upon the coast where
this survey is proposed to be made something ex-
ceeds a million of dollars. I have noticed a paper-
that the Senator from Florida refers to, which, I be- j
lieve, is a letter from the superintendent of the coast [
survey, in which he states how, in what way, and j
in what manner, this work-may be commenced con- j
sistently with that system which is now going on, j
and considerable dispatch given to it. It is a mere \
question of time. We intend to have the survey j
made. If it can be conveniently commenced by the j
Government now, the advantages will be the earlier '
realized from it. I think it i3 very desirable that |
it should be done; and it appears to me, from the I
paper which I have read, that the plan is a feasible |
one, and conr-ects^ itself by additional bases with j
the general survey going on. If we commence it !
now, we will get a chart sooner, and probably !
save many valuable vessels with their cargoes, and j
peihaps the lives of their crews, from being swal-
lowed up upon this dangerous coast.
Mr. DIX.. Mr.' President, as the Senator from
Florida has appealed to me, I wish to say that I
shall vote for this amendment, i have read the
document to which he has referred, and from it
I find that the amount of property lost during the
last year upon that coast was $1,2$2,000. I think
it of the utmost importance that this survey should
be made, and properly made. I shall, therefore,
vote for the proposition*-
Mr. BERRIEN. Mr. President, I rise merely
for the purpose of asking by whom this survey i&
to be made, if this amendment is agreed to?
Mr. DAVIS, of^Massachusetts, it will be carried
on by the superintendent of the coast survey.
The amendment was agreed to.
SPIRIT RATION IN THE NAVY,
Mr. HALE submitted the following amend-
ment:
That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to
foibid the use of spirituous liquors in the navy of the United
Stales, so far as he may deem it expedient, and to substitute
other articles or money theirfor.
In submitting' the amendment, he said: I will
ojrily say, that the amendment does not propose to
abolish the spirit ration; it merely puts it at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Navy. I under-
stand that it was once the case that boys, and
those who did not choose to drink the spirit ration
served out to them,could transfer it to other sailors,
or receive money in lieu of it. But now that is not
the case. The grog is now served out in a large
tub, and every one must take his ration or nothing.
The amendment simply puts it at the discretion of
the Secretary of the Navy, if he may deem it ex-
pedient, to disallow the spirit ration, and substi-
tute other articles for it. I really hope it will be
adopted.
Mr.. BERRIEN. This~ amendment puts this
matter at the discretion of the Secretary of the
Navy, and for that reason it is objectionable. We
should not transfer our responsibility from our-
selves to the Secretary of the Navy. If this thing
ought to be abolished, let us do it; if not, let us
submit to it. But do not jet us shrink from our
responsibility, and transfer it to an Executive
officer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wT>uld ask
the Senator from New Hampshire if there is not
power now vested in the Secretary of the Navy to
make this commutation in all cases where the par-
ties consent it?
Several Senators. Certainly there is.
Mr. HALE. This authorizes the Secretary to
limit the ration.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. If I remember
the law correctly, it is, that the Secretary is autho-
rized, and such orders exist, that the sailor may
receivc sugar, coffee, or any article of th'at descrip-
tion, or the money, in lieu of his spirit ration.
Mr. DIX. I understand that there is a rate of
commutation now, and that the ration is only one
cent, while the commutation isfourcents in money.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. As- the law
now stands, it is better than the Senator from New
Hampshire would make it.
Mr. BADGER. The law is now much better
than the amendment of the Senator from New
Hcimpshire makes it.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BENTON offered the following, and it was
agreed to:
For testing the capacity and usefulness of the electro-
magnetic power a< a mechanical agent for the purposes of
navigation and locomotion, and the piobable cost of using
the same accoiding to the invention of Piofessot Page, the
sum of$20,00J, to he.expended under the supervi'-ioifof the
Secretary of the Navy in making a practical experiment of
said invention, according to the plan to be proposed and
conducted by Professor Page.
Mr. DICKINSON offered the following, (pre-
ceded by remarks which will be found in the Ap-
pendix,) and it was agreed to:
For the embankment on the flats between the navy-yard
and hospital at Biooklyn, §4(>,UOO.
The'bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendments were concurred in, the amend-
ments were engrossed, the bill was ordered to a
third reading, lead a third time, and passed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON,- the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the
consideration of the bill making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending the 30th June, 1850. \
Mr. BORLAND offered an amendment, as an
additional section, to establish certain post routes.
In support of this amendment, he said he was
aware that the bill before the Senate was not a
post road bill. Such biils were passed only once
in two years. But the rapid increase of popula- •
tion, since the last post road bill was passed, in
