1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
several new States, and especially in the-State of
'Arkansas, had rendered it absolutely necessary
that1 these loads should be established, and that
was his jeason for offering the amendment. It
would require but very Utile additional expense,
inasmuch as the revenue derived from the new
offices would very nearly pay the expense incurred
by their establishment. He hoped that in.view of
♦ the necessities of the case, the amendment would
be adopted.
Mr. JONES offered an amendment to the amend-
ment, to establish certain post routes the State
of Iowa.
Mr. ATHERTON said he believed that there
was no instance of post routes having been put
upon appropriation bills. He thought that if they
once began adding post routes to the bill, there
would be no end to the number that would be
added. He had no doubt that every Senaior had
routes to propose, and if one Senator was allowed
to provide for increased mail facilities for the peo-
ple of any portion of his State, then they must
give way to ail similar propositions that might be
brought forward. He considered the amendment
entirely inappropriate, and he hoped the Senate
would reject it.-
Mr. BORLAND said he regretted the necessity
which compelled lnm to occupy the time of the
Senate in discussing the proposition, but he cer-
tainly could not allow the amendment to be sum-
manly disposed of, and the postal interests of the
people of a portion of the State he had the hon.gr
to represent, be thus left in their present unfavor-
able condition. He had been very unwilling to
introduce the amendment at this time, and append
it to that bill. It might be an unusual course, but
he would remind the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Atherton] that unusual amendments
had been made to almost every bill that had been
befor^the Senate. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire could not appreciate the necessities of the
case, because no such necessities exist in that
gentleman's State, nor in any of the old States, as
exist in the new States, and especially such as
exist in the State of Arkansas. Settlements had
been made in the State of Arkansas which had no
existence at all at ^the time the last post road bill
was passed. They had large settlements in Ar-
kansas, comprising a great number of families,
with no post office within less than forty or fifty
miles of them. These persons had to maintain a
private mail, neighbors clubbing together to bear
the expense. Some of the settlements kept up
these private mail communications with the near-
est post offices as* often as twice a week, a fact
which of itself furnished -conclusive proof of the
necessity of the adoption of the amendment. The
question was simply whether those persons should
still be put to the trouble and expense of sending
forty or fifty miles for all their letters and papeis,
or whether they should have the privilege of estab-
lishing new post loutes? He could not believe,
that as the Senate then understood the urgency of
the case,"the amendment would be rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT was satisfied that the temper of
the Senate was against the amendment of the
Senator from Arkansas. He himself had several
amendments of'a similar character to propose, J?ut
he did not think it expedient to offer them now.
There would be a bill brought before the Senate
before the close of the session to which such
amendments would be appropriate, a'nd he would
suggest to the Senator fiom Arkansas to withdraw
his amendment at present, and offer it again when
the other bill should come up. •
Mr. BORLAND replied that he had 110 objec-
tion to withdraw his amendment if there would be
another opportunity afforded him of securing its
passage.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr.'ATHER,TON said he hoped that the bill
would now be allowed to pass; time was pressing.
Mr. NILES said that he was as anxious as any
Senator to push through the public business. But
he must discharge what he felt to be his duty to
the country. There was a bill providing for re-
duced and uniform rates of postage which had
cost him hutch labor, and upon which he had in
vain endeavored to get the action of the Senate.
He considered it very important that the bill should
be acted upon at this session. He wished to bring 1
the Senate to a vote upon it. He hoped they J
would take up that bill at once, and act upon it. j
He would like to ltnow whether the Senate were |
willing to proceed immediately to the consideration
of that bill. He had no objection to lis being
taken up and disposed of without discussion. All
he asked was, that the Senate should vote upon it.
And he thought that the bill had been sufficiently
discussed already to enable them to act intelligibly
upon it. Would the Senate take it up now? If'
they would not, he should feel it his duty to move
j it as an amendment to the bill then under consid-
i eration.
; Mr. ATHERTON said he hoped that the Sen-
| ator from Connecticut would not offer his bill as
, an amendment to the bill under consideration, if
■ he- did so oifer it, it would be voted down. He
J [Mr. Atherton] knew several Senators who were
i in favor of trte bill of the Senator from Connecticut
j who would vole against it if offered as an amend-
! ment to an appropriation bill, because they deemed
: it inappropriate so to offer it. He himself would
' vote for the measure as a separate bill,, but he
should certainly vote against it if offered as an
amendment, as inappropriate to an appropriation
bill.
Mr. NILES said he could not help it if Senators
should deem it their duty to oppose the amend-
ment. He had a duty to the country to perform.
He did not wish to discuss the measure, but he
must insist upon having some action upon it. The
people were anxiously awaiting the action of Con-
gress upon the subject. The people were clamorous
for the passage of that or some similar measure.
Thousands and tens of thousands of petitions had
been received from all parts of the country, all
asking and calling upon us to take some steps to
relieve the people from this onerous taxation, and
they have*a right to know the sense of the Senate
on the subject. The bill now before the Senate
was not a regular appropriation bill, and it was
not at all unusual to add other provisions to bills
of that kind. At the same time he would prefer to
take up the bill'for the reduction of postage as a
separate measure, if he could get it up. If, how-
ever, they would not take it up, he would move it
as an amendment to the bill then before the Senate..
Mr. HUNTER suggested that the chairman of
the Committee on Finance [Mr. Atherton] should
allow the post office appropriation bill to be laid
aside until to-morrow, in order to allow the gen-
tleman from Connecticut an opportunity to bring-
up this bill. He said the appropriation bill could
be acted upon just as well on the following day as
then.
Mr. NILES said that, in accordance with the
suggestion of his friend from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] he would move that the post office appro-
priation bill be postponed, and that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the re-
duction of postages.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. NILES then offered the following bill for
the reduction of postage as an amendment to the
post office appiopnation bill:
Jln.i be it enactcd, <$'c., That from and after the first day of
July next, the postage on leiteis shall lie as follows : letters
conveyed by mail any distance in the United States shall be
chaiged Willi postage by weight, and according to their rates;
letters weighing not evfieedirig hall an ounce, shall pay one
rate of three cent-, to be piepaid, and five cents it not so
prepaid; letteis weighing inoie than hall an ounce, and not j
exceeding out ounce, shall pay two rates, or sifc cents, to ;
be piepafd, and ten cents it not piepatd; letters weighing j
more than one ounce ai.d not exceeding two ounces, shall j
pay tour rales, or twelve cents, to be pj ep.ud, and tw  nty ,
cents if not prepaid; and lelieis exceeding two ounces m j
weight shall pay an additional postage of 16m tales, or !
twelve cents lor evety additional ounce, or liuctional part
theieof, il pr< paid, and twenty cents jt not piepaid ; and all
dtop letteis, or h tleis to be deliveied at the orhce where
deputed, shall be charged with one cent postage, to be pre-
paid, and two cents it not so piepaid.
Sec. 3. he it. further emitted, Thatitshail be the duty
of the. Postmaster Gcneial, at all posi olhces wheiethe gro-s
postage amounts! to hlty ihou'saiid dollars annually, to provide
for tonvewng lett< rs to the post office by establishing suit.t- >>
ble and convenient placcs ol deposit*:, arid by emp oymg ,
earners to lecetvo and deposite them in the post ofhee lite 'j
of Chaige; and at ait such utfices it shad also be I11-3 duty to ii
cuu-e letters 10 be dehveied by suitable c.imeis, to be ap- ■
pointed by hirn for that purpose, for which not exceeding '
one cent ior each letter shall he cnarged, and on adveiti-en ■
letter® thete &lndl be an additional chaigc not exceeding one '
cent. ;i
Sec. 3. And be\tfarther enacted, That fiom and after the '!
peiiod aforesaid the, postage on newspapers, .u.d other print* d ,
mattes.«=hall be as follows: ail newspapeis, not exceeding
in weight (when diy) two ounces, shall pay one cent postage, ,
and a like sum for eveiy additional ounce or tiacuonal pan
thereof: Procided, 'I hat newspaper, not weighing ovei one !
on nee and a half, and sent from the otm-es wheie punted not ,
more than fifty miles, shall be charged with one hail cent ,!
postage oniyv Pamphlets, mag.i/.mws, and books, whether ;i
periodical or not, bhall be charged with postage at the rate ii
of one cent the ounce, but any -fractional part of- an ounce
shall be clmiged one cent. The postage on newspapers a lid
other periodicals, not sent iioni the office of publication,
must bo prepaid; and all Handbills, circulars, and printed
letter?, not sealed, shall be charged with one-half the rate of
letter postage. That publishers of newspapers and -period-
icals shall be entitled to receive,free of postage, oneeopy of
any other newspaper or periodical, in exchange tor their own
publication, and have the piivilege of sending bill;* against
tneir subscriber in their papers or periodical?, free of charge.
Sec. 4. JlnJ be it further enacted, That air letters conveyed
m the United biases mad bysea, from any place in (he Uni-
ted States to any foreign count! y, or to the possessions ot the
united States on the Pacific,shall be charged wall auniform
postage of tweuty-oneeents when not weighing over half an
ounce, and the like sum for any additional half ounce, or
fractional part thereof; the same rates of postage shall be
charged on all letters conveyed in like manner from any
foreign country, or ihe possessions of the United States on
the Pacific, to any place in the United States: this rate is
exclusive of the foreign postage chargeable on such letters.
And all letters c-onvej ed from any place in the United Stales
to anv foreign country, m a packet or mail shipbelongins to
any foreign Power, or ihe citizens thereof, and employed by
such power to transport its mail,shall be chaiged with post-
age at the rate of five cents the half ounce,in manner afore-
«aid,in addition to the postage clwrgcd by such countries? and
all letters conveyed in such foreign packet or mail ship, flora
any foreign country to any port or place in the United States
shall he charged with five, cents postage lor ^aeh half ounce,
or fractional part thereof, in addition to the foreign pos,t~
age; and all letters posted or mailed at any places tbu United
States forany foieign country, or the Pacific coast of the Uni-
ted State*, and eonvej ed by a piivate vee^el or ship, whether
I owned by citizens of the United States or citizens of a tor-
, eign country, and not employed m transporting a public mail,
j shall be charged with five cents postage the half ounce^m
1 manner aforesaid, to be prepaid ; and all letters conveyed it\
; such private, vessel or ship, from a foteign country to the
United States, and posted at anyplace in the United State,
shall be charged with the hke po-tage of five cents the halt*
ounce; and no additional charge shall be made farmland post-
age. And all newspapers conveyed from the United States
to any foreign country', or to the Pacific coa*i of the United
States, or from any foreign country, or the Pacific coa st, to
the United States, in any packet or steamship, usupporting
a public mad, shall be charged with two-cents postage for
each newspaper, no addition being made for inland poskige.
And all pamphlets, magazine*, or books,conveyed in the
mail as aforesaid, from the United States to any foreign coun-
try, or the Pacific coast of the United States, or from any for-
eign country on the Pacific coast, to any place in the United
States, arid not weighing more than two ounces, shaU pay
two cents postage, and two cents for every additional ounce,
or fractional part thereof, no addition being chaiged for inland
postage.
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the sum of seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars be, and the same is here-
by, appropnated, fiorn any moneys in the treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, for the service of the Post Oliice De-
partment, for the year ending 011 the ihirticth day of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty, should the oidmaiy revenues of
the department bp insufficient to sustain fhe service now
authorized, or which may heieafter be authorjzed by law.
Sec. 6. Jintl b*> it fwither enacted, That the Postmaster
Geneial be authorized to prepaio postage stamps, which,
when attached to any lettei, shall be evidence of payment
of the postage chargeable on such letter; which said stamps
the Postmaster Geneial may deliver to an} deputy postmas-
ter who may apply for the «ame, the deputy postmaster pay-
ing 01 becoming lesponsible for the stamps so received by
hirn; and if anv of said stamps shall not he used, but be
returned to the General Post Office, the amount so returned
shall be credited to such deputy postmaster; and such deputy
postmaster may sell or dispose of any stamp's so received by
him to any person who may wish to use the same; but it
shall not be lawful for any-deputy postmaster to prepare,
u«e, or depose, of any clamps not authorized by or leeeived
from the Postmaster General; and any person who shall
fal-ely and fraudulently make, utter, or tinge yny postage
stamp, or shall falsely and fraudulently attach tn u letter any
stamp which has been u««ed in paymentof postage, knowing
that such stamp has so been used, and with the intent to
defraud the Post Office Department, such person on convic-
tion shall for every such otfencc be fined not exceeding
£300, or imprisoned not exceeding six months, or both, ac-
cording to the circumstance* anil aggravation*, of the ollence.
Sec. 7. Jlud he ii further enacted, That, should the com-
mission^ of postmasteis decline under the operations of thw
act, it shall be the duty of the Postmaster Genual to allow
thein, in addition to what they are entitled to by existing
laws, a-sum sufficient to make then whole compensation
equal to wnat it \va< 111 the \eai ending the 30th June, 3848.
Sec 8. Jlnd he it finther enaited. That all acts and part?
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of Un« act he, and
the same are hereby, repealed: Provided, That ihis act
shall not be construed to icpeal the several acts or parts of
acts relating to tiie franking piivilege.
Mr. ATHERTON said he would only say that
he hoped the amendment would not bp adopted,
but voted down. He wished to have it brought
up as a separate measure. He should vote against
it as an amendment to the appropriation biff.
The question being on the adoption of th£amend-
ment—
Mr. NILES called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and resulted as follows:  
VEAS—Messrs. Baldwin, Cameron, Claike,Corwin, ®a-
vis of Ma^achnseits, Dix, Dodge of Jowa, F< leh, Fitzger-
ald, Greene, Hale, Hamhn, Jone-j. Alil!"i, Ru^k,
Undeiwood, Upham, Wales, and Yulee—20.
KAYS—Me^rs. Atchison, Atiieimn, liadger, Bell, Ben-
ton, Berrien, Borland, Btadbury, Breese, Bnght, Butler,
D.ivis of Musitsippi, Downs, Fitzpatnck, Foote, Houston,
Hunter, Johnson of Maiyland, Johu&ou ot Louisiana, John-
