656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
eon of Georgia, King, Mason, Pearce, Sebastian, Spruance,
and Turney—26. . *
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BORLAND then senewed his amendment
for the establishment of new post routes in Arkan-
sas; which ,was rejected.
Mr.'NILES offered the following amendment:
Be U enacted, That the better to enable the postal treaty
with Gieat Britain to go into full effect with equal advantage
to both countries, letters shall be mailed as composing one
rate only, where the letter exceeds the weight of halt" an
ounce,'but does not exceed an ounce; as composing two
rates, where it exceeds an ounce, but does not. exceed two
ounces;-as composing four lates, where it exceeds two
ounces, but does not exceed three ounces; as composing
six rates, where it exceeds three ounces, but does not ex-
ceed four ounces; as composing eight rates, where itexceeds
four ounces, but does not exceed flveouneps; and in like
progression-for each additional ounce, or portion of an ounce,
and that each late subject to the full postage charge;
that letters refined, or which cannot he delivered, may be
immediately returned to the office, and that newspapers not
sent from the office of publication shall be charged with the
same postage as other papers, to be prepaid.
Mr. BRADBURY said he wished it to be un-
derstood that, although he voted against appending
the " bill for the reduction of postages" to the post
office appropriation bill as an amendment, he was
in favor of such a measure, and, whenever it
should be brought up as a separate bill, he would
give it his support.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NU-iES, at the request of the Post Office
Committee, proposed "further to amend the bill by
the addition of a provision in relation to a contract
for transporting the mails from New York to New
Orleans by some new route, (of which we could
not obtain a copy.)
Mr. ATHERTON. Mr. President, it seems to
me that this is an amendment of a very different
description from the one just adopted. There
have been so many objections to these contracts,
that I think it would be very dangerous to enter
upon a new contract on the post office appropria-
tion hill. This amendment proposes to authorize
the Postmaster General to make a contract. He
is to report, to be sure, the contract to the next
Congress. But every one knows that when a
Postmaster General makes a contract, Congress
considers itself bound to sanction that contract.
This proposition is just as much a direction to the
Postmaster General to make this contract as though
it said' so in so many words. I hop'e, at any rate,
" that it will not be adopted.
Mr. TURNEY. Mr. President, I think the
amendment will establish a dangerous and mis-
chievous precedent. The effect of the system
shadowed foith in the amendment will be to take
from the Post Office Department the power to
make these contracts. Not merely contenting
yourselves with establishing mail routes, leaving
the details of the contracts to the Postmaster Gen-
eral to arrange, in his sound discretion, you must
take it upon yourselves to make the contracts, to
settle the details. How docs the amendment read?
it makes it incumbent upon the Postmaster Gen-
eral to make a contract for the transportation of
the mails from one point to another "three times a
week," and for a certain amount of money. Con-
gress takes upon itself, or will take upon itself, if
this amendment be adopted, to arrange all the par-
ticulars of these contracts—to specify the amount
of service, and the compensation to be paid. Now,
I say that such a system of policy will be ruinous
and destructive to that department of the Govern-
ment. it would be much better to let that depart-
ment manage the business which comes within its
legitimate sphere.^ The Postmaster General can
make a much better contract than Congress can
make. At any rate, it is within his appropriate
sphere to attend to all such business, and it is not
in ours. I hope the amendment will be rejected.
Mr. JVELES. Mr. President, I am not disposed
to take up the time of the Senate in discussing this
subject, but it is a very important matter, and de-
serves some attention. The proposition itself,
however, is not of so much importance, as it ex-
tends only to the next Congress. The propriety
of establishing this line will be readily seen by any
one who will take the trouble of looking at the
subject, I will only say that I was astonished, on
tracing this route on the map, that it has not been
established before this. Any one, on examining
the matter, will see that it is almost m a direct line
from New York to New Orleans, the whole dis-
tance being about one thousand miles, which is
only a little more than one-half the present. This
atfvice is to be performed in five days, a very im-
portant consideration. Every one will perceive
the importance x>f such a line, provided-that the
service can%e performed for a reasonable charge.
But a-more important consideration is, that all the
great commercial cities of the eastern, middle, and
southern States are situated directly o,n this route.
That is a consideration of the utmost importance,
and, united with the others, furnishes ample reason
for the adoption of this measure.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I must beg the
indulgence of the Senate while I say a very few
* words. I admit that this amendment, which has
been proposed by the PostOfiice Committee, is not
strictly appropriate to the bill before the Senate,
and that, if the practice of the Senate were strictly,
carriedf it could not be adopted. But I think the
exceedingly important character of the amendment
may plead the indulgence of the Senate. I under-
stand it to have been reported unanimously by the
Post Office Committee. The present contract time
for the performance of the service between New
York and New Orleans is eight days. The prac-
tical, actual performance is about nine days. It
will be seen, then, that this route, if practical, will
reduce the term of the trip to one-half the time
now required. And when it is calcu]ated that the
wjhole of the New England States, the State of
New York, of New Jersey, of Delaware, of part
of Pennsylvania, at one end of the route, and Lou-
isiana, a part of Alabama, the whole of Missis-
sippi, a part of Tennessee, and Illinois, the Whole
of Texas, and the whole of Arkansas, will be im-
mediately benefited by this proposed arrangement
—that, instead of its taking, say ten days for their
letters to come and return, they will be able to
receive them in five days—I say in view of these
considerations, it is well worthy the attention of
Congress whether this great facility to a popula-
tion comprising half the entire population of the
Uryon, can be afforded to them within means ap-
propriate to the mail service.
This amendment proposes nothing more than to
receive proposels, to be reported at the next session
to Congress for its consideration and decision.
The importance of acting now, instead of waiting
another year, is this: that, if it be determined that
the service can be performed for a price which, in
the opinion of Congress, will be justified, in con-
sideration of the great facilities for postal communi-
cation which will be afforded to such a large
portion of our population, a whole year will be
saved. The establishment of the line requires the
construction of a large number of steamers, which
it will take two or three years to build and put into
operation, it is, therefore, desirable that proposals
should be authorized to be received at once, in
order that a whole year may be saved. In conclu-
sion, I will express the hope that an exception will
be made in favor of this amendment, in considera-
tion of the important benefits which will result from
this measure, and that it will be allowed to pass.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, I wish to
state that, although one of the Senators living fur-
thest from this route, 1 feel favorable towards it.
I certainly wish to have this amendment adopted,
that the proper officer may. go on and ascertain
what will be the expense of establishing this line.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and the
amendments concurred in. The bill was then
ordered to be engrossed for a thirdr reading, and
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that said House had
agreed to some and disagreed to-other amendments
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the year ending June 30, 385Q.
The Senate pioceeded to the consideration of the
said amendments disagreed to by the House of
Representatives.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, it was ordered
that the Senate insist on their amendments disagreed
to by the House of Representatives, and ask a
conference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
it was also ordered that Mr. Atherton, Mr.
Dickinson, and Mr. Berrien, be the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate. ]
Mr. WALKER submitted the following reso- I
lution, which was ponsidered and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the sixteenth joint rule of the two Houses
be suspended for the remainder of the session.
FORTIFICATION, ARMY, AND OTHER BILLS.
I A message was received from the House of
i Representatives announcing that said House had
I disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
| bill making appropriations for certain fortifications
j of the United States for the year ending June SO,
1850.
Also, that said House had agreed to the third,
fourth, sixth, seventh, and twelfth amendments
of the Senate to the bill making appropriations for
the support of the army for the year ending "the
30th Juntf, 1850; that they had disagreed to the
first, second, fifth, eighth, ninth, and eleventh
amendments of the Senate, and concurred in the
tenth amendment of the "Senate to the said bill,
with an amendment.
Also, that they had concurred in the amend-
ment* of the Senate" to the bill to amend the act
entitled "An act supplemental to the act for the
admission of the States of Iowa and Wisconsin
into the Union," with an amendment.
Also, that they had passed the bill to grant the
right of way to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad
Company, with an-amendment.
The question being taken upon concurring in
the amendment to the bill last mentioned, it was
agreed to.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the resolution submitted by MiyMangum on the
28th of February, making an allowance to the
officers.and others of the Senate, and, having been
amended, it was ordered that it be referred to the
Committee on Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
CREDENTIALS OF HO^T. JAMES SHIELDS.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented the credentials of the
Hon. James Shields, elected a Senator from the
State of Illinois, for six years from the 4th inst.,
in the place "of the Hon. S. Bsieese; which were
read.
Mr. WALKER rose and said, in justice to Gen-
eral Shields, injustice to the Senate of the United
States, in justice to the people, and all concerned—
and he disavowed any other purpose—he would
move to refer these credentials to the Committee
on the Judiciary. He would embody in a resolu-
tion instructions to the committee, if he had time
to prepare it, to inquire into the eligibility of Gen-
eral Shields. He wished that questions, which-
have 'lately to some extent excited an interest
among the members of the Senate and the people
of the United States, might be inquired into.
Mr. MANGUM thought the motion premature.
The proper time to make such a motion would be
when General Shields presented himself to take
the oath of office^ But, beyond that, the present
body should not decide a question -which properly
devolved on the Senate as it would be constituted
in a few days.
Mr. WALKER appreciated the suggestion, and
withdrew his motion.
Several private bills were passed, and some
other business of no particular public importance
was transacted; and at half-past eleven o!clock the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
^ Friday, March 2, 1849.
The Journal of yesterday was read in part, and
the further reading having been dispensed with,
was approved.
* MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, rose and said,
^hat there was on the calendar of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, a bill to
establish a board of commissioners on Mexican
claims, in order to carry into effect our treaty with
the Republic of Mexico; and, as chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, having charge of
the bill, he felt it to be his duty to make a'special
effort to bring the House to the consideration of
that bill. He thought that it ought to pass during
the present session of Congress. He therefore
moved that the rules of the House be suspended,
in order to enable him to move that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of Senate
bill No. 313, in order that it might be Brought up
for the immediate action of the House.
THE CAPITOL GROUNDS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked the gentleman 1
from Connecticut [Mr. Smith] to waive his motion
for a few moments.
Mr. SMITH did so.
