658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
shall an award bo made in favor of any claim not embraced
by the.-e principle and rult-s.
«jff, in the opinion of the- {-aid board of commissioners, or
of the claimants, any book*, recoids, or documents m the
possession or power of the Government of the Mexican Re-
public, shall be deemed neccssary to the just decision of
any claim, the commissioners, or the claimants th tough
them, siiailj within such peiiod m Congress may designate,
make an application in writing for the same, addressed to
the Mexican Minister for Foreign Affairs, to be transmitted
iy the Secretary of State of the United States*, and the
Mexican Government engages, at the eailiest possible mo-
ment after the receipt of such demand, to-eause any of the
books, records, or document?, so specified, winch shall be
in their possession or power, (or authenticated copies or
extracts of the same,) to be transmitted to the said Secre-
tary of State, who shall immediately deliver them over to
the said board of commissioner*: Provided, That no such
application shall he made by, or at the indnw-e of, any
claimant, until the facts, which it is expected to prove by
£uch books, records, or documents, shall have been stated
under oath or affirmation.'5
Now, by the terms of these articles, the United
States imve at least undertaken to do one impot tant
thing—that is, to release Mexico forever from all
claims by our citizens previous to the date of the
treaty, " whatever their amount may be;" The"
Government has not merely undertaken to do this;
it has effectually done it. This release and ac-
quittal of Mexico is binding upon every American j
citizen, and forever extinguishes his claim upon
that Government. The United States, then, have
absolutely disposed of the rights of the citizen. But
they have received an equivalent. They have
taken the rights and demands of the citizen, and
sold them to Mexico in part payment for an <4 ex-
tension of boundaries."
But what have the United States assumed to do
for the citizens whose acknowledged rights have
thus been exchanged for the benefit of the Gov-
ernment? They " undertake to make satisfaction '
for the same to an amount not exceeding three and j
a quarter millions of dollars." This is the stipulation !
of the treaty. But it is a stipulation made with !
Mexico, and not with the Amciicdn claimants; '
for these were not parties to the contract estab-
lished by this instrument. This clause was not
designed to have any operation between the high
contracting parties, because it was in no sense the
true measure of the demands extinguished^nor of
the consideration received. If not introduced as a
mere formal clause, it was intended only to oper-
ate upon third persons who were not present, and
who had no voice or influence in the adjustment.
I am informed that the claimants protested against
this interpolation into the tieaty; I say interpola-
tion, because it was evidently inserted by the Uni-
ted States, not for any interest of Mexico in the
matter, but in order to-limit their own liability to
their injured citizens. It was wholly aside from
the treaty, and had nothing whatever to do with
it. How, then, can this Government look to this
stipulation for the measure of the demands of those
who have given no sanction or assent to it? "What
justice can there be in thus arbitralily assuming a
particular amount, and forcing the parties inter-
ested to submit to it, however insufficient it may
be to indemnify them for their acknowledged in-
juries?
This was not our language during the prosecu-
tion of the war. This was not the spirit in which
we conducted the negotiations which terminated in
peace. In the President's messages to Congress he
declared that " no treaty which did not provide
ample means of discharging these demands could re-
ceive his sanction." in Mr. Buchanan's celebrated
letter to Mr. Slidell, the latter was instructed " to
assume the payment of all the just claims of citizens
of the United States against Mexico." This idea
of the satisfaction of all these claims runs through
every document connected with the war, down to
the very hour of signing this treaty when this un-
just and deceptive clause was inserted. It may
well be called " deceptive," because it is calcula-
ted to produce the impression that it is a proper
and binding stipulation in the agreement between
the hi<>h contacting parties, when in truth it has
iio such character. So far from thiy,itis even true
that the Mexicans were disposed to deal more
fairly with the claimants. Mr. Tiist gives "the
following account of the negotiations on this sub-
ject:
16. Mr. Tris't—^Thc-v (the Mexican Commissioners)
proposed that there should he no limitation of the amount cf
this ciass of claims, (not liquidated,) either in connection
with the di«eharg«  or with the assumption''—I answered,
that, m the Ihst place, the hm t which had been fixed was
tommed on data smtficient for a hear approximation to the
highest suin which, in all probability, could be necessary for
paying the ;uet claims; and that in the next place, if that
sum should prove insufficient, the discharge given to Mcxico
vx>uld yicseiit a cuse for the justice ciid equity of Con°i ev>, in
respect to lokich) thvi e tvub no dauber of its hart" diviC«ardpd ;
because the obligation to pay, now contracted, wa< limited
to a ccrtam amount, it diiP not at all follow, that if justice
should require the payment of a larger amount, provision
would not hereatter be made for paying the excess,."
Here the true point in the case is distinctly
presented. The payments by Congress ought to be
commensurate with 44 the discharge given to Mex-
ico." Tfte whole justice of the demand is summed
up in this statement, and it would seem to me to
be scarcely necessary to say more on this point.
It might be admitted, perhaps, that if Mexico
had stipulated to pay our Government this amount
of three and a quarter millions in satisfaction of
Nhose claims, without other consideration received,
he claimants would have been bound by the
I arrangement. Such an arrangement, however,
I would only have been justifiable in our Govern-
j ment, from - the fact that we had not the power to
I enforce a more complete indemnity. But suppose
Mexico had stipulated to pay us five millions on
account of these claims, and our Government had
inserted a stipulation to pay the claimants only
three and a quarter millions, thus herself pocket-
ing the difference: will any one saythis would have
been just to the claimants? Now what has our
Government received by this treaty for the sev-
enteen millions (or thereabouts) stipulated to be
paid in addition to the three and a quarter millions
of these unliquidated claims? I need not under-
take to describe that vast scope of valuable terri-
tory. I will not attempt to estimate the worth of
its Pacific coast, and of the splendid harbors which
indent it, destined soon to throw into our lap the
rich trade of Asia Still less is it necessary for me
to investigate the value of its inexhaustible mines,
which have already excited the wonder and the
cupidity of the world. I assume it to be true, be- !
yond all question, that this acquisition made by j
the force of these claims, after paying everything (
else stipulated by our Government, will be suffi-
cient in value to pay the amount of these claims,
ten times over, whatever may be the sum likely
to be awaided by the commissioners. Can it be
neccssary to attempt the proof of this? I will at-
tempt it only so far as to show the estimate placed
upon it by ourselves. Look at the President's
message communicating the treaty of peace to
Congress Read the description there given of New
Mexico and California, and witness with how just
a sentiment of triumph these acquisitions are claimed
to have given complete " indemnity for the past.1'
But I point you to another document—one pre-
pared under very different circumstances. Exam-
ine Mr. Buchanan's letter of secret instructions to
Mr. Slidell. This was a paper written with a view
to procure as good a bargain as possible from
Mexico. Every proposition includes the payment
not of any part, but of all these claims. And in
addition to this, the minister was authorized to give
" twenty millions of dollars for any boundary
j ' commencing at any point on the western line of
j 4 New Mexico, and running due west to the Pa-
' cific, so as to include the hay and harbor of San
' Francisco." Here wa-s five millions more of mo-
ney, offered for a much smaller scope of territory.
Mr. Trist was also authorized to make a similar
arrangement. But it is unnecessary to go further.
In all our negotiations we have placed upon this-
territory a value beyond what is now proposed to
be allowed, but not beyond its real worth. How,
then, does it comport with the dignity and honor of
the Government to keep this splendid domain, the
fruit3 of a bargain made by virtue of the rights of
these claimants, and then higgle with them as to
whether they shall accept seventy-five or fifty per I
cent, of the amount justly due? |
Such was not the position assumed while pros- |
ecuting the war and making out the list of charges !
against the enemy. . Then the amount of these !
claims was stated at a much larger sum; then, too, !
the. value of the territory acquired was estimated ;
much more liberally. The Government should
now vindicate its sincerity and its honor by allow-'
irrg to the claimant the full amount of his just de- ■
mand, for it was with this full amount, undisguised ;
• and unabate'd, that our demands were presented to
j the enemy, and our conquests pushed to the heart;
| of his country. j
i But there is another consideration which ren- ■
! ders this duty of the Government e\en more plain,
| if it were possible to make it so. By the thirteenth i<
particle of the treaty, the United States engaged "to l!
' assume and pay to the claimants all the amount
4 now due them, or hereafter to become due by
'leasonof the claims already liquidated, and de-
cided against the Mexican Republic." These
claims, to the amount of two millions of dollars,
are thus placed upon a footing, beyond al) contin-
gency or doubt. They are to be absolutely paid.
Now, what can justify this partiality on the part
of our Government? These claims, although liqui-
dated, are not higher or more sacred than other
just claims, which have been postponed in order
that those might be adjudicated, or which may
even have arisen after the commission was estab-
lished by which those adjudications were made.
Here, then, are claims equally good, equally valid,
arising from the sufferings of citizens equally en-
titled to the protection and care of the Govern-
ment; and yet provision is mads for the whole of
one class, and only for a portion of the others.
There is no principle of right upon which this dis-
crimination can be justified. The adjudication of
one claim does not make it better or more just than
one which has been wrongfully deferred and left
unadjudicated. It may have happened—I believe
it did happen—that while Mexico was refusing to
provide for the liquidation of some of these claims,
she was actually committing aggressions upon
other citizens. These last aggressions call as loud-
ly for complete indemnity as any of the former.
Not to meet this demand with equal favor, would
be to exhibit an arbitrary preference of one citizen
over another. Even-handed and impartial justice
requires them all to be placed upon the same foot-
ing. Our Government would have been false to
its own honor—false to its own uniform preten-
sions and high demands during the war—and above
all, false to the just expectations and indisputable
rights of its own citizens, if, having Mexico com-
pletely in its power, it had exacted only this par-
tial, insufficient, and arbitrary measure of redress.
If, under these circumstances, the United States
had not actually received a full equivalent for all
these claims, and had thus made entire satisfaction
for some of them while there was amplp means of
exacting all, this partiality and unfaithfulness on
the part of the Government would have presented
a strong case of justice and equity on the part of
the claimants for the satisfaction of their whole*
demand. But now, when there is no dispute as to
the fact that we have received more than a full
equivalent, a stronger case, demanding the instant
action of Congress, could not possibly be made
out. Any court of justice in Christendom, if the
case could be piesented for its decision, would not
hesitate to dccree the payment of the whole of
these claims.
Sir, I have been an ardent supporter of the war
against Mexico, from its commencement to its
glorious end. in this, I believed I was sustaining
the honor of the country. But I have'a profound
conviction that our honor would be tarnished, if,
in the conclusion of the war, the Government
should seek an unjust advantage of its own citi-
zens, by refusing to pay any portion of the just
claims which it has used as the instrument of ob-
taining vast acquisitions of territory. 1 call upon
those who, like myself, have supported the war,
now also to sustain the high integrity of the Gov-
ernment, by doing complete justice to these claim-
ants. It will not do to say that claims will be
manufactured and established by false evidence.
Such was not our argument while fighting the en-
emy. Guard your law by every possible means,
so as to secure honesty; but do not refuse to pay
the amount which shall be awarded by your own
commissioners.
The other question which I propose to examine,
has reference to that peculiarly situated class* of
claims which were acted upon by the commission-
ers under the convention of 1839, and submitted to
the umpire, but not decided by him. Mr. Buchan-
an, in his letter to Mr. Slidell, refers to them in
these words:
" Bui this is not all. There were pending before the um-
pire, when the commission expued, claim* which had been
c\amuied and awarded by the American commissi oruM:?,
amounting to £S28,r'.27 88. Upon ibe*e he refused to decide,
alleging that his authonty had expned.
" Tins was a stiange constiuction of the treaty. Had he
decided that hid duties did not commence until those ol the
commissioners had ended, this would have been a more
natural interpretation.
"To obviate this injustice, and to provide for the de-
ci-inii of othpr claims of Amciican citizens, amounting to
-S3,v35,837 05, which had be'en submitted too late to he con-
sideied by the board, a third convention was signed at
Mexico on the 40th November, 1843, by Mr. Wad&y Thomp-
