1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bowlin, Boyd, Boyden, Bridges, Brodhead, Charles Brown,
Albert G. Brown, Buckner, Burt, Cabell, Chapman, B. L,
Claifce, Clmsman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cocke, Cnsfield, Crozier, Daniel, Donnell. Gainett Duncan,
Alexander Evans, Featherston, Ficklin, Flournoy, French,
Fulton, Games, Gayle, Gentry, Goggin, Green, Willard P.
Hall, Haralson, Harmanson, Hairis, Haskell, Hill, Hilhard,
Isaac E- Holmes, George S. Houston, John W. Houston,
Inge, C. J. Ingersoll, Iverson, Jameson, Andrew Johnson,
jr. W. Johnson, George W. Jones, John W. Jones, Kauf-
man, Kcnnon, Thomas B. King, I.a S6re, LefEer, Levin,
Ligon, Lumpkin, McCiernand, McDowell, McKay, Mc-
Lane, McQueen, Meade, Morehead, Morse, Outlaw, Pen-
dleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pilsbury, Preston, Rhett, Richard-
son, Roman, lawyer, Shepperd, Simpson, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Tllibodaux, Thomas, Jacob Thompson, John B.
Thompson, Robert A. Thompson,Tompkins, Toombs,Ven-
able, Williams, and Woodward—100.
NAYS—Messis, Abbott, Ashmun, Belcher, Bingham,
Blackmar, Brady, Butler, Canby, Cathcarr, Collamer, Col-
lins, Conner, Cranston, Ciowell, Cummins, Dai ling, Dickey,
Dixon, Duer, Dunn, r'fkftt, Edsall, Edwards, Embree, Na-
than Evans, Faran, Farrelly, Fisher, Freedley, Fries, Gid-
dings, Gott, Greeley, Gregoiy, Gnnnell, Hale, N. K. Hall,
Bainmons, James G. Hampton, Henley, Henry, Elias B.
Holmes, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, Jenkins, James H. John-
son, Kellogg, Daniel P. King, Lahm, William T. Lawrence,
Sidney Lawrence, Lincoln, Lord, Lvnde, McClelland, Mc-
Jlvaine, Job Mann, Horace Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Miller,
Morris, Muilin. Murphy, Nelson, Nes, Newell, Nicoli, Pal-
frey, Peasleii, Peck, Petrie, Pettit, Pollock, Putnam, Rey-
nolds, Richey, Robinson, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rock-
well, Rose, Root, Eumsey, St. John, Schenck, Sherrill, Sil-
vester, Shngerland, Smart, Caleb B. Smith, Robeit Smith,
Truman Smith, Staikweathcr, Andrew Stewart, Charles B.
Stuart, Slrohm, Stiong, Tallmadge, Taylor, James Thomp-
son, Richard W. Thompson, William Thompson,Thuiston,
Tuck, Turner, Van Djke, Vinton, Warren, Wentworth,
White, Wick, Wiley, Wilmof, and Wilson—114.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PETTIT moved a reconsideration of the
vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
And the question having been taken, and deci-
ded in the affirmative—
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
The action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, upon the other amendments,
not particularly specified, was concurred in.
THE STATE OF THE BUSINESS.
Mr. VINTON said he wished, if he could get
the ear of the House, to make a statement in ref-
erence to the state of the business of the House.
The SPEAKER called the House to order.
Mr. VINTON said he wished to inform the House
what was the state of its business, for the pur-
pose of satisfying them that they could not adjourn
to-night, so that if the motion was made to adjourn,
gentlemen would know the responsibility which
would result from it. In the first place, the bill
just passed would go back to the Senate, and
would undoubtedly be the subject of conference
by the two Houses. If a conference was asked,
as a matter of course, unless this House remained
in session, that conference could not be had until
to-morrow. This would be true as to this bill.
In the next place was the Indian appropriation
bill,upon whichaconferencewasasked. TheCom-
mittee of Conference had had an interview during
the recess of the House, and had been unable to
finish the conference: it had been left unfinished in
consequence of the votes which were being taken
upon this bill. That conference must be finished.
The Committee of Ways and Means had not
yet had time to take up the Senate's amendments to
the fortification bill or to the army bill. _ He under-
stood that large amendments were being made in
the Senate to the naval appropriation bill.
The House would recollect that they had been
all this day until now (half-past nine o'clock) acting
under the live minutes rule upon this one bill, (i. e.
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.)
What he wanted to say now was, that it was
perfectly apparent from the state of business, that
unless the House sit here so that messages could
be passed between the two Houses, and so that
the Committee of Ways and Means could retire
and act upon the amendments to the army, navy,
and fortification bills, and get them out of the
House to-night, it would be impossible to close
the appropriation bills during to-morrow and to-
morrow night.
He made this statement so that however dis-
agreeable it might be for gentlemen to sit here all
night, yet there was no safety, he thought, in ad-
journment until at least the army, the fortification,
and the Indian bills were through the House, and
until also (if the Senate asked a conference) con-
ferees were appointed upon the civil and diplomatic
bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Pennsylvania, called up the
motion'of Mr. Goggin to reconsider the vote upon
the passage of the bill granting the right of way to
a certain railroad company in Florida, and moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, called at-
tention to the state of the private bills, and offered
a resolution to go into Committee of the Whole to
act upon Senate bills, first upon such as were not
objected to.
Objection was made.
Mr. PETTIT moved that the House adjourn;
but withdrew the motion; and
The SPEAKER laid before the House certain
Executive communications, which were lying on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. LEVIN reported, from the Committee on
Engraving, a resolution authorizing that commit-
tee to contract for the engraving of the drawings
accompanying the Patent Office report.
After remarks bv Mr. STARKWEATHER,
Mr. COBB, Mr. L'EVIN, and Mr. STANTON,
(in explanation,) Mr. MURPHY, and Mr. STU-
ART, of Michigan—
An amendment of Mr. WHITE to confer the
power upon the Commissioner of Patents, and a
motion of Mr. FICKLIN to lay the resolution on
the table, were severally rejected, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. CONGER reported, from the Committee
on Printing, ajoint resolution conferring upon the
Secretary of the Senate, the Clerk of the House,
and the clerk of the Committee on Printing, the
same power of auditing the accounts of the public
printers during the recess as are now exercised by
the Joint Committee on Printing; which was twice
read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, at five minutes past
ten, moved that the House adjourn. Lost.
Under the operation of the previous question,
moved by Mr. CONGER, an amendment to the
joint resolution was rejected, and the resolution
was passed.
Mr. MANN made a report from the select com-
mittee on the penitentiary of the District, of Co-
lumbia; which was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HARALSON made an effort to take from
the Speaker's table the bill to pay for horses lost
in the Mexican war; but waived the effort at the
suggestion of—
The SPEAKER, who stated that that bill was
second in the class of bills upon the Speaker's
table returned with amendments.
By general consent, the House proceeded to the
consideration of the said business; and
The bill supplementary to the acts for the ad-
mission of Iowa and Wisconsin into the Union
was taken up, and, after the adoption of an amend-
ment of Mr. GREEN, was passed.
Mr. VINTON, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back to the House the Senate
amendments to the army and fortification appropri-
ation bill, with amendments.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House then
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Ashmun, of Massachu-
setts, in the chair,) and took up the consideration
of the Senate amendment to the fortification bill,
viz: " For the completion of Fort Gibson, twenty
thousand dollars."
To this amendment the Committee of Ways
and Means reported a recommendation to disagree;
which was concurred in.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the committee then
took up the consideration of the several Senate
amendments to the army appropriation bill, with
amendments thereto proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means.
The recommendations and amendments pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
were concurred in.
The committee then rose, and reported to the
House its action on the army bill and the fortifica-
tion bill.
The House proceeded to the consideration of the
amendments to the army appropriation bill.
Mr. BOWLIN inquired whether it would be in
order to move to agree to the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER said, that by unanimous con-
sent, the amendments could be considered and dis-
posed of, according to the report of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
And the House having so ordered, the report
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union was adopted accordingly.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the fortification bill, and concurred in the report
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
HORSES AND OTHER PROPERTY.
On motion of Mr. HARALSON, the House
proceeded to the consideration of the bill on the
Speaker's table, to provide for the payment of
horses and other property lost in the late war with
Great Britain.
The pending question was on agreeing to the
amendment made by the Senate to the said bill.
The amendment was read.
Mr. HARALSON said he would have been
pleased to have seen another amendment made to
the bill; but at this late stage of the session, and
when the passage of the lull might be jeopardized
by any motion of the kind, he should decline to
make it. And he moved a concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, inquired whether
the operation of the bill was limited to any time?
Mr. HARALSON said the bill would expire
when the class of cases which it was designed to
embrace should have been settled by the Govern-
ment. The bill reenacted the old law which ex-
isted on the subject, and probably one or two other
classes of cases were also embraced in it.
Mr. ASHMUN inquired whether the bill had
been examined by a committee?
Mr. HARALSON explained that the subjest
had been before the Committee on Military Affairs.
They had reported a bill. It passed this House,
was sent to the Senate, and was returned to this
House with an amendment.
'Mr. ASHMUN inquired if the bill had been
committed ?
Mr. HARALSON said no; and he hoped it
would not be committed, but would be passed.
He moved a concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate, and demanded the previous question.
| There was a second. The mam question was
i ordered, and the amendment of the Senate was
| concurred in.
; Mr. HARALSON moved a reconsideration of
i the vote, and moved that that motion be laid on
1 the table.
| It was ordered accordingly,
j IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.
! On motion of Mr. NiCOLL, and by general
• consent, the House took up the bill on the Speak-
] er's table to abolish imprisonment for debt in cer-
' tain cases.
[ After a word of explanation by Mr. N., he
I moved the previous question.
j There was a second. The main question was
: ordered, and the bill was read a third time and
| passed.
! Mr. NICOLL moved a reconsideration of the
! vote, and that that motion be laid on the table,
j And it was ordered accordingly.
I MOBILE AND OHIO RAILROAD COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. GAYLE, the House took up
|; the bill on the Speaker's table granting the right
of way to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company.
II The bill having been read—
1 Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved an amendment
requiring the company to carry the United States
mail upon such terms as those upon which the
Postmaster General could contract with other com-
. panics belonging to the same class.
The amendment was agreed to.
And the bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. GAYLE moved to reconsider the vote;
which motion was laid on the table.
Mr. HAMPTON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, made a report.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the naval appro-
priation bill which had been returned from the
Senate with amendments, was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
LIGHT HOUSE BILL.
On motion of Mr. V., the light-house bill on the
Speaker's table was referred to the Committee of
. the Whole on the state of the Union.
