.666
THE COMJBESSKMAL' GLOBE.
March 8,
* Mr. ASHM-UN moved that the Hou-se adjourn,
on which motion the vote stood—ayes 60, noes 66.
So the House refused to adjourn.
BUSINESS ON THE TABLE.
Mr, WENTWORTH said he desired to move
that the House should proceed to the consideration
of such bills on the Speaker's table (except that
concerning the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia) as would give rise to no debate.
No objection having been made—
The House proceeded to that order of business.
Several bills wn-ieh had been returned from the
Senate with amendments, were taken up, and the
amendments were concurred in.
Mr. BOYDEN moved that the House adjourn.
The vote stood—ayes 51, noes 68.
So the House refused to adjourn.
TERRITORY OF MINESOTA.
The bill to establish a territorial government in
Minesota came up. The Senate had concurred in
all the amendments of the House with the excep-
tion of that one which postponed the operation of
the bill until after the 10ih of March.
Mr. SIBLEY moved the previous question;
which, by ayes 81, noes 35, was seconded.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken, (which main question was on concurring in
the amendment of the Senate.)
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the Senate by A.
Dickens, Esq., Secretary, informing the House
(amongst other things) that the Senate insisted on
their amendments to this bill which had been j
disagreed to by the House, and that the Senate J
on its part had appointed a Committee of Confer- j
ence. i
On motion of Mr. VINTON", it was ordered that
a Committee of Conference be appointed on the
part of this House to join said committee on the
part of the Senate.
POST OFFICE BILL.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the bill making
appropiiations for the support of the Post Office
Department, which had been returned from the
Senate with amendments, was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BURT said that he was informed that the
business of the Committee of Ways and Means in
reference to the appropriation bills did not require
this House to sit any longer to-rnght. It was new
past eleven o'clock. The House would have to
be here until twelve or one o'clock to-morrow
night, and he therefore moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. H. waived the motion at the request of—
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, on whose motion the
House concurrcd with the Senate in suspending
16th joint rule as to a certain bill.
thi
The motion of Mr. BURT was then
having been decided in the aihrmattve—
The House adjourned.
put, and
PETITIONS.
The following petitions win c presented under the rule, and
refenul:
By Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas: The petition of Wil-
liam Unique, Wilhy INTeN.'ur, rmd 2o0 other citizens of Ai-
kitri^n.*, jtwyiiip the e>tubh-;limotit of a lailroad from Foit
Struth, iu to FirtnriM'o, in California.
By Mr. DAItLlNG • The petition of Wm II Gillock and
otheiH, ol Wisconsin, jmiying to he permitted to dram Ru.-li
liake, in smd State; and asking a grant of the land thus
reclaimed, and lying within the limits of said lake, as a
compriii> uon lor such drainage.
Bv Mr, THOMPSON, of Pennsylvania: Three petitions
of eit</.ensj m I cnii^ylvHina, praying for uu alteiation Of the
tariff laws, aud for an lnciwwi of existing duties.
JtyMr. D/NUJJNfG. The petition of William H. Elliott
ami others, of Wi^oi^m, praying to be permuted to dum
JCusii lake, in said StarBand a.ktna aerantof ihe land thus
KicJanned and I\w2 \wrlim the lim.ls of said hike as a com-
pensation tor Mich drainage.
Senate of the 24th February last, information in
relation to additional rooms required for the use of
the War and Navy Departments, and the expedi-
ency of purchasing a building, erected by Mr.
Winder, in the vieinity of the public offices; which
was read and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Presiding Officer of the
Senate and the Secretary of the Senate, prepared
in pursuance of the joint resolution of August 3d,
1846, in relation to the execution of the printing
for the thirty-first Congress; which was reatl.
On motion of Mr. WESTCOTT, five hundred
additional copies of this document were ordered to
be printed.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. ATHERTON presented the credentials of
Moses K. Norris, elected a Senator of the United
States from the State of New Hampshire for the
term of six years from the 4th instant; which were
laid on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the credentials of James
Wjuitcomb, elected a Senator of the United States
from the State of Indiana for the term of six years
from the 4th instant; which were laid on the table.
Mr. DO WNS presented the credentials of Pierre
Soule, elected a Senator of the United States from
the State of Louisiana, for the term of six years
from the 4th instant; which were laid on the table.
MEMORIALS AND PETITIONS.
Mr. STURGEON presented petitions from the
citizens of Pennsylvania, in favor of the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia; also, a
similar petition to the same effect, and against the
extension of slavery m any Territory of the United
States; the motion to receive which was made,
| and laid on the table.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition from a great
number of females of Providence, Rhode Island,
in favor of the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia, and against its extension; the motion
to receive which was made, and laid on the table.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. STURGEON, the papers in
the rase of John J. Smith were ordered to be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. RUSK, the papers in the case
of Samuel Walker and Francis G. Betty Were
ordered to be withdrawn from the files of the Sen-
ate.
COMMITTEES DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. DOWNS, the Committee on
Private Land Claims were discharged from the
further consideration of the various subjects re-
ferred to them.
PRINTING OF PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, and by unanimous
consent, Ordered, That five bundled copies of the
report of the Commissioner of Patents and the
documents annexed thereto, ordered to be printed
at this session, bo distributed to the Patent Office
for the use thereof; the saidreport and documents,
so ordered to be printed, to'be bound in the same
manner as those of last session.
LA.WS OF MEXICO.
Mr. BREESE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agieed to:
Rccohwl, That the Committee on the Public Lands he
authorized to contract with a suitable pet eon to compile
and translate for the use of the Senate, such laws, ordinan-
ces, and lobulations of Spam and Mexico as were in force
in New Mexico and California on the 13th day of May, 1846:
Provided, That such compilation and tianslation shall he
made under the supenntcmlenee of the Secretary of Slate
and he laid before the Senate at the commencement of the
next session.
IN SENA IE.
Saturday, March 3, 1849.
The PRESIDENT/?™ laid before the Senate '
a report from the Secretary of the Treasury, in :
reply to a resolution of the Senate of the 12th De- ,
cember, 1848, on the subject of repealing the act j
of 30th June, 1834, concerning tonnage duties on •<
Spanish vessels; winch was laid on the table, and !
ordered to be printed. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Senate I
a report of the Secretary of the Tteasury, comrnu- |
Bleating, m compliance with a. resolution of the 4
of the Treasury to obtain information on the sub*
ject and make a report to this session. Owing to
circumstances those officers could not make "the
report as was expected. This resolution was
merely to renew and extend the former resolution.
The counsel of Mr. Forstall had requested me to
offer this resolution, but I declined, and requested
the same to be referred to the Senator from Loui-
iana, [Mr. Johnson,] Mr. Forstall being bis con-
stituent. I have no objection myself to the reso-
lution being passed.
Mr. YULEE objected to the consideration, and
it was laid on the table.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate, to whom was
referred the resolution submitted by Mr. Mangum
on the 28th February, granting extra compensation
to certain officers and others in the employ of the
Senate, together with the amendments'proposed
thereto, reported the same amended, as follows:
Resolved, That there be allowed and paid,under the direc-
tion of the Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, to the officer?, clerks, clerks to com-
mittees, messengers, and pages in the employ of the Senate,
and the boys employed in cariying the mail, the same
amounts, respectively, that were allowed them at the last
session; arid to the officers and messengers of the Library
of Congress one-half the amount allowed them at the last
session; and to the western uate-keeper, to each of the regu-
lar police of ihe Capitol, to the firemen of the crypt, the la-
borers in the Capitol grounds, the sum of $100 each; to the
laborer employed m the centre building, the attendant in the
closet, the attendant upon the furnaces of the Senate, ami
the laborer employed in the ventilation of the Senate, the
sum of $10 each; and to Thomas Peters the same per diem
as the me^en^ers, fiorri the commencement of the session.
Resolved, That the Sorgeant-sit-arms be authorized to con-
tinue John M. Jameson, thiough the recess of the Senate, in
chaige of the post office and folding room, at the same per
diem ho now receives.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
said resolutions, and they were adopted.
FUNERAL EXPENSES.
Mr. DIX submitted the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resoh-etl, That the sum iff $200 be paid out of the contin-
j gent fund to Robert Beale, foi his services and expenses in
, attending to the funeral ot the late Dixon H. Lewis.
j CONGRESSIONAL PRINTING.
I Mr. CAMERON submitted the following reso-
| lution:
! Resolved, That there be paid, under the direction of the
I Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
' the Senate, to compensate for seiviees performed m carry-
ing into effect the joint resolution requiring pioposals to be
advertised for ami received to execute the printing of Con-
gress, for making the calculations necessary to ascertain the
lowest hid> ; for preparing the contracts and bonds reciuu ed
by law, and attending to that business generally, under the
direction of the Presiding Officers or the two Houses the
Secretary of the Senate, and the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, three hundred dollars for each occasion of
making tho^e contracts.
Mr. NILES moved to amend the resolution by-
adding- the following, which was agreed to:
Rewh'ei, That there be allowed and paid to the officers
and messenger of the Libiaiy of Congress such additional
sum, to the allowance.provided for in a resolution passed
this day, as shall give thorn a sum equal to that allowed to
the messengers of the Senate.
The question being then taken upon the resolu-
tion, as amended, it was agreed to.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BREESE, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, tn which was referred the joint reso-
lution from the House of Representatives, granting
to the Secretary of the Treasury further time to
make the report concerning the sale and entry of
certain lands in Cincinnati, reported jt without
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
1 mmee on Pensions, to which was referred the
petition of Peter A. Games, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading.
Mr. DICKINSON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of Catharine Clark, reported it without
GUARANTEES OF FLORIDA.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolced, That the Secretary of the Treasury and Attor-
ney General lepoit to Ihe Senate at the next session of
Corigies^- such infoimillion m leiiaid to the bonds and «uar-
antees, issued by the Terntorial Government of Florida as
ha-, been or may be collected and obtained pursuant to'the
rc&olutiou of the 20tli Fehiuary,^lS47.
Mr. YULEE said he wished to be informed of j! amendmen?
the object of the resolution. j Q , ,
Mr. WESTCOTT said he believed he could h iT ® ^oceed®d to consideration of
explain it. In 1847, Forstall & Co., of New Or ! ^ "i" .Committee.of the Whole, and no
leans, presented a memorial respecting these Plor !! amendment being made, it was reported to the
ida territorial bank bonds, whfeh w£ Xetto " , e andna^d '° * th"'d ^ ^
the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate I I Mr timttpatptptt r- •
had the honor of making a report from that com ■ r*i• from the Committee of
mittee on that petition, Concluding wuh a resZ" ! 'r r° T o Wa,a b ed the H?use biU for
tion directing the Attorney General and Sfccretarv I SamUel ^ rep°rted 11 wilhout
