1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mw
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to which was referred the bill
from the House for the relief of Houghton A.
Fletcher, reported it without amendment.
PAYMENTS TO THE TREASURY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the House bill requir-
ing all moneys receivable fiom customs and from
all other sources to be paid immediately into the
treasuiy without abatement or deduction, and for
other purposes; which, having been amended, was
reported to the Senate. The amendments were
concurred in, and the bill was read a third time and
REVENUE LAWS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. D1X, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill to exend the rev-
enue laws of the United States over the territory
and waters of Upper California, and to create a
collection district therein, reported the same with-
out amendment.
On motion of Mr. DIX, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to the considera-
tion of said lull.
Mr. Y0LEE inquired whether the amendment
to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill hud
not rendered this unnecessary?
Mr. DIX. There is a broad distinction between
them. This is specific, that is not; this rests upon
law, that upon Executive discietion.
Mr. KING. It appears to me, sir, that there is
very great propriety in extending our revenue
laws over this country; but, in the present con-
dition of the legislation of the country, it seems to
me that this ought not to pass until we have dis-
posed of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Every Senator knows thai there is a proposition
now pending by which the Constitution of the
United States is to be extended over that territory.
The revenue laws go with the same amendment.
It' that should fail, it may then become a question
how far we shall adopt a bill similar to this, or
similar to our bill for Oregon or Louisiana. Cer-
tainly, until the other bill is disposed of, it'would
be very improper for us to pass such a bill as this.
I do not intend to delay the bill one moment longer
than is necessary; but, believing it to be improper
to pass it at this time, in order that we may take
it up when the other bill has been disposed of,
I move for the present that this bill lie upon the
table.
The question being taken upon the motion, it
was agreed to.
GOLD COINAGE.
Mr. ATHERTON, fiom the Committee on Fi-
nance, to winch was referred the bill from the
House to authorize the coinage of twenty dollar
and one dollar gold pieces at the mint of the United
States and its branches, reported back the same
with amendments, and asked its immediate con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
The bill being under consideration as in Com-
mittee of the Whole—
Mr. ATHERTOiN said that the bill had passed
the House of Representatives by a large majority,
and he hoped the Senate would dispose ot it at
once. It was a measure of considerable import-
ance.
Mr. KING preferred that the bill should be
confined to the coinage of the gold dollar. He
thought the double eagle would not be of any con-
venience. The coin would be too laige. He
thought if the bill were confined to the single dol-
lar it would be much more advantageous. He
could not See the necessity for such a large coin.
He considered the single eagle much more conve-
nient than the double eagle. He would move,
therefore, that the clause authorizing the coinage
of the double eagle to be struck out.
Mr. ATHERTON hoped that the bill would not
be amended in that respect. It had passed the
House for the coinage of both these pieces. He
thought that by increasing the number of coins
they would certainly be adding to the convenience
of the community. If coins were found inconve-
nient they would not be brought into use. i he
people would regulate that matter themselves. He
believed that the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
ton] was pretty good authority on the circulation
of gold, and he had expressed it as his opinion
that the double eagle would be in greater requi-
sition than the single dollar. The Spanish mints
had had authority to com gold dollars for up-
wards of a hundred years, but they had coined
but very few, from the fact that they never could
be forced into circulation. He hoped, therefore,
that the bill would not be weakened by striking
out the provision for coining double eagles.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments reported by the Committee on
Finance were then agreed to, and the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and subsequently read a third
time and passed.
ACCOUNTS OF PUBLIC OFFICERS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the Commit- j
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred a j
bill from the House to provide for the settlement j
of the accounts of public officers and others who i
may have received moneys arising from military i
contributions or otherwise in Mexico, reported •
back the same with an amendment. ;
The Senate then proceeded to consider said bill |
as in Committee of the Whole; when the amend- j
ment was agieed to. j
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the (
amendment was concurred m, the bill ordered to a
third reading, read a third time, and passed.
BRAZOS COLLECTION DISTRICT. i
The Senate, as hi Committee of the Whole, i
proceeded to consider the amendment of the House ,
of Representatives to the bill to establish the col-
lection district of Brazos de Santiago, in the State
of Texas; when, on motion, said amendment was !
concurred in. j
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL. !
The Senate then proceeded to consider their j
amendments, amended and disagieed to by the |
House of RepiesentaLives, to the bill making ap- j
propriatioris for the support of the army lot* the j
year ending 30th June, 1850.
On motion of Mr. DA ViS, of Mississippi, it was
Resolved, TliaD they disagree to the amendment of the
House to ihe lutii iimf-'iiiinn rit; and hi their Qd,
5ih, Bill, 9th, and llifi amendments, disagreed to by me i
House ol Representatives, and u-k a committee of conkr- i
ence ou tlit-disagieeing votes of the two Houses-. . j
On motion, it was ordered that Messrs. Davis j
of Mississippi, Badger, and Rusk, be the com- ■
mittee of conference on the part of the Senate. j
GOVERNMENT FOR CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS stated that he had made re- !
peated efforts to get a meeting of the Committee ;
on the Territories, on the bill from the House to i
establish the territorial government of Upper Call- 1
forma, but had been unsuccessful; he thereiore i
moved that said committee be discharged from the
further consideration of tlrat bill, in oider that such
action might be had upon it m the Senate as the
Senate might deem advisable; which was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS PASSED.
The Senate then proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, the following bills and
joint resolutions, which were subsequently read a
"third time and passed: j
A bill to authorize the citizens of Ozark county, j
in the State of Missouri, to enter less than a quar- j
tcr section of land for the seat ot justice in said j
county. |
A bill for the relief of Sidney Flower, of Lou- .
isiana, and for other purposes. ( ;
An act for the relief of Samuel A. Gner. j
An act for the relief of the Piesident and Direct- j
ors of the Union Bank of Florida. ,
An act for the relief of Maui ice R. Simons.
An act to incorporate the Oak Hill Cemetery in
the Disti ict of Columbia.
An act for the relief of Polly Dameron, widow
of Dameron, deceased.
An act for the relief of John H. OhI.
Joint resolution granting to the Secretary of the
Treasury further time to make the report concein-
l ing the sale and entry of certain lands m Cmcm-
: nati.
AMENDATORY ACT.
' The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
, ment of the House of Representatives to the amend-
! ment of the Senate to the bill to amend the act
entitled "An act supplemental to-the act for the
1 admission of the States of Iowa and Florida into
1 the Union/'
On motion, it was ordered that they concur
| therein.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY LINE.
I Mr. HANNEGAN, from the Committee on
I Foreign Relations, to which was referred the
amendment of the House of Representatives to the"'
bill to provide for carrying into effect the fifth.arti-
cle of the treaty between the United States and the
Mexican Republic, for establishing the boundary
line between them, reported thereon.
The Senate proceeded to consider the said amend-
ment.
Mr. HANNEGAN. I will explain the nature
of the amendment. At the last session the Senate,
without disagreement, passed a bill authowzing the
appointment of a commissioner, surveyor, and
! secretary, under the fifth article of the treaty with
: Mexico, to run the boundary line between the two
countries. As usual, it was left to the .discretion
| of the President and Senate to select these officers,
i The bill was sent to the House. The House on
: the day before yesterday returned the bill, with an
i amendment restricting the President in the selec-
1 tion and the appointment of these officers to the
: corps of Topographical Engineers. And the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations have unanimously
instructed me to.return the bill to the Senate, with
the recommendation that they disagree to the
amendment of the House.
Mr. BALDWIN. When this commissioner"
was appointed by the President and Senate there
had been no act passed sanctioning the appoint-
ment of a commission to run this boundary. The
treaty itself is directly binding upon the Govern-
ment to appoint commissioners to meet with the
1 Mexican commissioners for the purpose of running
the boundary. But the President of the United
States, m his message communicating the treaty
to the Senate, recommended that there should be
legislation upon the subject to carry into effect
; that provision of the treaty; that there should
! be legislation for the purpose of authonzing the
commission to carry into effect that provision.
The Senate and House of Representatives, at
the last session, inserted a clause in the appro-
priation bill providing for the payment of the ex-
penses of such a commission; but no'act was
passed authorizing the appointment of a commis-
sioner, the term of his office, authorizing the ap-
pointment of any secretary to the commission; m
short, nothing was done by legislation upon the
subject. The Piesident, in making the nomina-
tion, has acted merely upon the lequisition m the
tieaty for the appointment of a commissioner. The
, treaty required an act ot legislation, but did not,
1 as i understand it, authorize the appointment of a
i commission. The House have amended the bill of
j the Senate by providing that the surveyor shall be
! taken from the corps of Topographical Engineers;
1 and it appears to me that there lsenunent propriety
and wisdom m the amendmeut. i hope, therefore,
I that the Senate will not disagree to, but concur in,
; the amendment of the House of Representatives.
[ Mr. ALLEN. Mr. President, this bill passed
J the Senate at the last session. Subsequent to that
I time, in virtue of the treaty, an appropriation of
! fifty thousand dollars was made by Congress. The
| President lias appointed and the Senate confirmed
i the appointment of a commissioner to run this
1 boundary line. The subordinates—secretary, clerk,
' and surveyor—have all been appointed, and have
I proceeded to the discharge of their duties. The
I time fixed by the treaty for the meeting of the
commission on the part of both nations was so
near at hand that the President could not wait
safely for the legislation of Congress, not deeming
' that legislation necessary only so far as it might
be necsy&ary to fix the salaries of the appointees;
| and that is all the legislation now required upon
| the subject. By the tieaty there was a corn mis-
sion created. It was prescribed by the treaty itself
, 'that a commis.siontr was to be appointed, and all
the attendants, officers, and individuals necessary
i for the execution of the work. That treaty, being
the supreme law of the land, constitutes thescoifices
as clearly as an act of Congress could constitute
them. And Congress seemed to have taken that
: view of the subject when, without creating these
' officers otherwise than as they were created by
the treaty, they made an appropriation of fifty
' thousand dollars, and placed it at the discretion of
the President, to be employed in the execution of
! our part of that treaty. And the President has
, proceeded to appoint these officers, in obedience to
'! the treaty, and the obligations of the treaty, and
. the additional obligation imposed upon him by the
, appiopiiation of fifty thousand dollars, made by
■ Congress. This bill, v> hich was drawn, as a matter
)j of course, with a prospective operation, passed the
