1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
ate that the States should collect it. It is a matter
which altogether concerns the States. We have
• nothing to do with it. We have already volume
upon volume and document upon document of this
Jrind of information which never will be read by
any one. It is an unusual course of proceeding to
refer subjects of this kind, or any other kind, for
that matter, to the Executive officers. It has not
been adopted heretofore. Why is it that this rule
was not thought necessary in relation to the sixth
census? Why was it not thought necessary in
relation to any of our former census bills? Why
has not Congress heretofore resorted to these Ex-
ecutive officers for advice in relation to the best
mode of taking the census? We have got along
hitherto without resorting to such an unusual and
pernicious course, and I hope that the Senate will
place the seal of condemnation upon it at once by
rejecting this bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I do not feel
disposed to have this bill killed by delay. If it
were that frightful, fearful, grasping, crushing
thing which the Senator from Florida would have
us believe, the Senate might have reason to feel
some alarm. But it is not. It is a very simple
and a very harmless affair. It proposes nothing
more nor nothing less than that the officers named
shall prepare a census bill and submit it to us at
the next session. And when the bill shall be
submitted wo can adopt it or reject it, according to
our will and pleasure. At any rate, the bill sub-
mitted will serve as a good basis on which to form
a bill that will be satisfactory. It will present the
material ready at our hand, out of which to frame
a complete bill. It is for the purpose of obtaining
that material in a tangible and classified form that
this proposition is made. That is all.
Mr. KING. I would prefer that the bill should
be so amended as to strike out the words " Home
Department." We have no such department now,
and it is uncertain whether or not we shall have
one. It seems to me to be a little unusual to pro-
vide for referring any matter to an officer that does
not exist. I would prefer to have the head of some
other department substituted for this-one. I would
propose to insert " Attorney Generall"in the place
of " Home Department." That would make a
much better board, and will, I think, be more sat-
isfactory to the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I would accept
that amendment very willingly, but it is a House
bill, and I do not wish to send it back.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, if that amend-
ment be made, the bill will have to go back to the
House, and thus much valuable time will be lost.
I am opposed, therefore, to the amendment. And,
further, I would like to know whether the Senate
have determined to take up the bill providing for
the establishment of a Home Department? I do
not say that I am in favor of the measure, but I
wish to have the bill taken up and considered by
the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I would move that
this bill be passed by, and that the Senate take up
the bill providing for a "Home Department."
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I hope my
friend from Mississippi will not interpose to defeat
this bill. The bill providing for a " Home De-
partment" is not before the Senate. It is still m
committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is not my ob-
ject to defeat the bill of my friend from Massa-
chusetts; on the contrary, my motion is calculated
to facilitate it. I desire to take up the other bill,
in which this is involved, and dispose of it, when
this can be again called up and more readily dis-
posed of than now. The fact that the other bill
is yet in committee need be no obstacle to its being
taken up now. I move that the Committee on
Finance be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill providing for the establishment of
a Home Department.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill providing
for the establishment of a Home Department, with
various amendments, and with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to take up the
report of the committee.
Mr. KING. I object.
Mr. TURNEY. This is the last day of the
session, and I hope the Senate will not postpone
all other business to take up one single bill that
will require much discussion.
Mr. CALHOUN. I am decidedly opposed to
this bill. There is no necessity for it. The plea
which is set upj that it is necessary to pass this
bill now in order to give time to prepare the de-
tails of a bill such as will be necessary for taking
the census, is utterly futile. .There would be ample
time to pass a -bill at the next session. For the
most part, bills of this kind have not been passed
at the short session. They have always been
passed, with but one or two exceptions, at the
long session. If it is the desire of the Senate to
go back to the primitive forms of taking the cen-
sus, and adopt that simple mode in which it was
first commenced, a bill could be passed in the
course of one week. But the object of this bill
looks to a different result—to have a census bill at
least as complicated as the one which the Senate
voted down the other day. It is to be referred to
the Executive departments. The Executive de-
partments will be surrounded by men who take
much interest in this matter. Every one will be
urging his peculiar views, and it will be very diffi-
cult for the departments to resist the pressure. I
hope we will not devolve this duty upon the de-
partments. We are aBundantly capable of per-
forming it ourselves. In the simplest and old
form, it is one of the easiest bills to prepare, and
it is one of the easiest bills to pass. I hope, there-
fore, that this bill will not be suffered to pass. Let
it share the same fate with its iac simile of the
other day.
Mr. DAVISof Massachusetts. The Senator from
South Carolina is mistaken in regard to this matter,
and especially mistaken as to the time which will be
necessary to put all the machinery for taking the
census in motion. 1 believe about the 30th June
is the period when it is desirable to have the census
taken; and it ought to be taken in reference to a dis-
tinct period oftime,in order to accomplish theobject
of those who formed the Constitution. We ought
to get the census as nearly as we can, and, if pos-
sible on a given day. The period heretofore fixed,
I believe, has been the month of June; and if you
follow thedecennial period, according to the terms
of the Constitution, you must get your bill com-
pleted, your officers appointed, your forms distrib-
uted through this vast country. It will be remem-
bered that California and Oregon have become
portions of the United States, and how is it possi-
ble to conform with the usual mode of doing this
business unless great dispatch be given to it when
the next Congress assembles ? I assure the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, and all other Senators,
that I should have no desire whatever to get this
bill passed, if I supposed that, without it, proper
dispatch would be given to the business after that
Congress comes together. But where a bill of this
complicated character is necessary, justice cannot
possibly be done to the subject by the next Con-
gress unless the preliminary steps proposed by this
bill shall have been taken. All that we desire, and
all that is proposed is, that a bill shall be prepared
and reported to us, and then the whole subject will
be in our hands, and can be disposed of as we shall
please.
The question was taken on Mr. King's amend-
ment to strike out the words "Secretary of the
Home Department" and insert "Attorney Gen-
eral;" and it was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
the amendment concurred m; and the bill was read
a third time and passed.
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives announcing that said House had agreed
to the first,and disagreed to the second amendment
of the Senate to the resolution of the House autho-
rizing the distribution of the Ameiican Archives,
under the direction of the Joint Committee on the
Library, to literary institutions in the several
States and Territories.
Also, that said House had passed the Senate bill
to establish the collection district of Brazos de San-
tiago, in the State of Texas, with amendments, in
which they requested the concurrence of the Senate.
Also, that the said House had concurred in the
second amendment of the Senate to the bill requiring
all moneys receivable from customs and from all
other sources, to be paid immediately into the
treasury without abatement or deduction, and for
other purposes, withoutamendinent, and had agreed
to the residue of the amendments of the Senate to
said bill.
COLLECTION DISTRICT OF TEXAS.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration or the
amendments of the House of Representatives to the
bill to establish the collection district of Brazos de"
Santiago, in the State of Texas; and, on motion,
concurred therein.
FORTIFICATION APPROPRIATIONS.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ment disagreed to by the House of Representatives
to the bill making appropriations for certain forti-
fications of the United States for the year ending
the 30th June, 1850.
Mr. ATHERTON moved that the Senate recede
therefrom; which motion was agreed to.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR.
Mr. HUNTER, from theCommitteeon Finance,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives to establish the Home Department
and to provide for the Treasury Department an
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, and a Com-
missioner of the Customs, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to take up the bill
to establish a Home Department.
Mr. KING hoped that the bill would not be taken
up. He thought it would lead to a very extended
discussion.
_' Mr. UNDERWOOD said he was perfectly will-
ing to vote and to say nothing about it.
Mr. CAMERON thought, from indications
around him, that the bill would be very fully dis-
cussed. He knew gentlemen who were resolved
upon entering largely into the discussion whenever
the bill should come up, and he believed it would
consume the whole day.
Mr. DOWNS hoped the bill would be taken up.
It was a very important measure, and he thought
it would not take long to dispose of it.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 hope the motion will not pre-
vail. There is a great deal of very important busi-
ness that ought to be attended to, and I think, from
the disposition that is manifested in various quar-
ters to enter largely into the discussion of this bill,
that, if it be taken up, very little, if any, business
will be done. All, or at least a large portion, of
the important bills now ready for the action of the
Senate, will have to be passed over if the motion
of the Senator from'Kentucky shall prevail.
If Senators Lthi-nk that this bill can be passed
without a thorough examination and full discus-
sion of its merits, they are mistaken. I hope,
therefore, that, if it is to be taken up this session
at all, it will not be taken up until all the more im-
portant business shall have been disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not suppose
that any Senator is going into a Jong speech upon
this bill at a moment like this. We are all equally
interested with the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Bright] in the speedy disposition of the import-
ant bills which remain yet unacted upon. If Sen-
ators wish to express their views in relation to the
measure, they can do so without occupying much
time, if they choose. If objections to the bill ex-
ist, they can be briefly stated. AU that I have to
say, 1 can say in a brief space. If we seek only
to elicit the truth, to ascertain the facts of the case,'
to legislate for the good of the country, it will not
take long to dispose of this bill.
The establishment of a Home Department has
been recommended by one whose name will be
honorably remembered as long as our Treasury
Department stands. This illustrious man, who is
about to close his labors in that department, which
he filled with such high honor to himself, and such
signal benefit to his country, after mature delibera-
tion, after that investigation which no man not at
the head of the department could have made, pro-
posed the bill which is now before the Senate,
having passed the House. He is convinced that
it was absolutely necessary in his administration
of the department to have such a division as is
proposed by this bill; and that it will be more so
during the next four years, and for every succeed-
ing four years during all coming time. I feel a
very peculiar interest in this measure, as every
one who comes .from a new State must feel. We
are peopling the public lands; the inhabitants of
the old States are the people of commerce. The
treasury belongs to us in common. The Secreta-
ries of the Treasury must be taken from those
portions of the country where they have foreign
commerce, and therefore they are men who are
not so intimately connected and acquainted with
