672
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
Mr. MASON. I cannot bat look on this bill
as one that will make a material, a vital change in
the administration of the affairs of this Govern-
ment. Its advent in the Senate at this juncture is
worthy of remark. In the House of Representa-
tives one of tbe great political parties in the coun-
try is in the ascendant; in the Senate the opposite
party is in the ascendant. At this particular mo-
ment it is supposed by one of the parties that a
new Executive is to be appointed from among
themselves. How that may be, I think remains
to be seen. But in such a condition of things
comes a bill into the Senate, at the very heel of
the session, vital in its character, and proposing to
make a change in the existing offices of the Gov-
ernment. Now, sir, was not the Federal Govern-
ment devised and planned and organized to man-
age the exterior, the foreign relations of the States?
Did not its early organization, does not its present
organization conform to that plan? The War and
Navy Departments, two of the great departments
of the Government, manage our foreign relations;
for the military power has reference to foreign re-
lations alone. The State Department is to manage
our foreign relations within the sphere of peaceful
government relations; the Treasury Department
was organized for the purpose of the management
of the public funds, having under its control all the
exterior arrangements relating to revenue. That
was the original plan. The design evidently was
to confine the Federal Government as far as pos-
sible to the management of foreign relations in the
four great departments of the Government. The
State, Treasury, War, and Navy Departments
were organized with that view.
But, sir, none who have watched the course of
the Government to any purpose can have failed
to see that a policy has gradually grown up, at
one time strengthening, at another time decaying,
whose object was, as far as possible, to bring
within the power of the General Government the
management of its interior and industrial pursuits
alluded to by the honorable Senator who has just
taken his seat. These industrial pursuits of our
people it has been sought to bring within the vor-
tex of Federal action.
What is it that it is proposed to do by this bill ?
Because it seemed necessary, from the nature of
our State relations, of our State Governments, of
our people with their federated governments, that
some matters of domestic interest should be man-
aged by the Federal Government, it is now pro-
posed to take advantage of that, and to organize a
separate department, to include all those powers,
arid to absorb hereafter as much power as those
who hold the reins of Government shall-see fit
to place in their hands. The Patent Office, the
whole subject connected with patents, by the Con-
stitution, is vested m the Federal Government.
What is it but a mere subordinate affair, though a
matter of some interest, that is connected with this
branch of the service? It has less reference to the
great powers of the Government which are to be
managed for the benefit of the whole people, but
it could not well be managed by the States, and
was vested in the General Government. It is a
purely subordinate matter. Then there is the In-
dian Bureau, comprising our relations with the
Indians, which were necessarily vested in the Fed-
eral Government. What does that amount to?
These Indian tribes are decreasing in number every
day; and they are driven further to the west, till
I apprehend they will be driven to the very verge
of the Pacific. - How do our relations with them
stand in comparison'with those great departments
of the Government which were carved out of the
original power of managing our foreign relations?
They are purely subordinate. Then the public
lands must be left to the control of the General
Government. That, too, is a purely subordinate
department, entirely so. It is indeed a source of
revenue, and at one time was a source of large
revenue, but it was still subordinate.
Mr. President, these thiee subordinate bureaus
have been heretofore assigned to their appropriate
departments. The Patent Office has been under
the supervision of the State Department, the Indian
Bureau under the supervision of the War Depart-
ment, and the Land Office under the supervision
of the Treasury Department. But now it is said
that these three subordinate bureaus devolve so
much labor on the heads of those departments that
they cannot properly attend to their duties; and
therefore you must constitute out of them a sepa-
rate department to enter into the organization of
the Government, with a'view to provide for this
difficulty. Why, sir, if any of these departments
are overworked, if they find it impossible to per-
form all the labor devolved upon them, what will
be easier—unless there be a design to create a new
department for the purpose of increasing the Fed-
eral patronage—than to give each of these bureaus,
an assistant, with the right of appeal to the head
of the bureau? That is all that is wanted to ob-
viate the difficulty.
I-t cannot be expected or supposed that the Sec-
retary would go into the details of the individual
cases; he can do no more than to settle principles.
If an assistant is given in the Land Office, Patent
Office, or Indian Bureau, he may relieve the heads
of departments of much of their labor, and the
power of appeal wiil give individuals equal justice.
We all know very well, that in the general ar-
rangement of these bureaus, the heads of the Patent
Office, the Land Office, and the Bureau of Indian
Affairs, must necessarily be men of superior intel-
ligence, gentlemen of integrity, and conversant
with all the affairs of the business over which they
are placed. The chances are largely m favor of
your finding in these bureaus men just as capable
of attending to these duties as in the heads of de-
partments themselves. There can be no question,
that if the object is merely to provide means of
doing the work, it can be better, far better done
by keeping the offices, as they now are, separate,
and, to a certain extent, independent, giving an
assistant to each, subject to appeal to the head of
the bureau. Why, sir, the heads of the depart-
ments are not only statesmen, but politicians, a
great many of them, and necessarily so. They
administer the Government honestly, I have no
doubt, and correctly, within the sphere of their
appropriate and regular duties. But they do more.
Theyare managing the great political machinery of
Government outofdoors. Their minds are, to some
extent, engrossed by matters of public interest, and,
to some extent, by matters of personal interest,
which utterly preclude the possibility of their going
into the details of all these minor subjects. I am
against any interference in this matter, and especial-
ly at this juncture.
It is said that this measure is recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury. Yes, sir, and it
has been recommended from the days of Mr. Madi-
son and Alexander Hamilton. That is all very
immaterial. The very fact that it has never been
adopted, though so long recommended, and from
such high sources-, shows a distrust of the people
in the scheme, which has prevented them from
putting it into practice. What distrust? It is the
distrust of the American people of the safety of
giving such a State capacity to this Federal power.
Why, what do we witness here? Every Senator
will speak for himself on the subject. There comes
in a question before either House of Congress to
create a new department to overshadow, by the
influence of this great Federal ppwer, the interests
of the States. Are we to increase this central
power ? More especially are we, who belong to
the'South—who have very little more interest in
this country than to have the protection of our
independence with' the other States; from whom
a great part of the revenue is drawn, and to whom
veiy little of it is returned; who pay everything
to Federal power, and^receive.notlung for it,—are
we, at this day, to give our sanction, under what-
ever auspices it may be presented, to this vital
change in the Federal Government, and that upon
an occasion when it must have the effect of con-
centrating and increasing the patronage of the Ex-
ecutive, and in giving that branch of the Govern-
ment an increased power within the States?
If this thing is done, it is an entering wedge. It
simply asks 'for a name at the outset. It has few
offices connected with it, and is to relieve the other
departments of duties which they are unable to
peform. The result wiil be to absorb everything
and perhaps to obtain a power over these very in-
dustrial pursuits; to which the honorable Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. NilesJ has alluded. I un-
derstand him to be opposed to the passage of this
bill. Who doubts that the Home department will
be turned—perverted, if you will—from its original
design, to a course which shall be legalized after-
wards under the pretence that the Home Depart-
ment-is incompetent to manage all the internal
relations of the Government? I trust, sir, that i
those who stand in the ascendency in this Senate
and whose ascendency has already been exhibited
in our action upon one of the bills brought to us
from the other House within a few days, will stand
firm now in this matter, and refuge to sanction this
change in the governing power. I am against any
measure and every measure which will tend to
strengthen the Federal power and increase its lim-
its../ Gentlemen have said it around me, and said
wisely, that it is idle to expect error to go back.
You create fifty new offices where you dispense
with one. You eniarge thousands of salaries where
you diminish one. We progress in these respects,
but we never go back.
And what is the reason for this change? If
there is too much labor in the departments, take
it from them. What physical necessity or what
moral necessity is there that the State Department
or any other department should have the super-
vision over the Commissioner of the Patent Office?
Is there any? I know of none whatever. There
is a necessity and a propriety in giving the appli-
cant for patents the right of appeal; but must you
make that appeal to the head of. the department ?
It is necessary that the Patent Office should be
subordinate to the departments, and that there
should be the right of appeal, but it is not neces-
sary that the appeal should be made to the head
of the department. So with the Indian Bureau,
and so the Land Office. There is no propriety,
and far less necessity, that you should lodge the
appeal with the heads of those great departments
of the Government.
Sir, my honorable colleague, who has investi-
gated this bill to some extent, as a member of the
Committee of Finance, has told us that that com-
mittee have not had it in their ^ower, engrossed
as they were with other business, to give to this
bill the attention and examination due to the sub-
ject. They have proposed some amendments,
but those adverted to do not remedy the evil. It
is replied that there is not time now to perfect it
in detail, but we may pass it now and perfect it
hereafter. But I warn you, sir, that if the bill is
passed the wedge goes in, and every act of legis-
lation will be but an additional blow to drive it
still further. To perfect it hereafter will be im-
possible when the power is once given.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Webster] says that the country calls for
this. It may be that the particular portion of the
country with which he is conversant from his loca-
tion calls for this. Of that I have no doubt. But
certainly no part of the country with which I am
conversant calls for it. We have yet some hope, '
although it may be impaired by the experience of
every day, that the State organizations will yet
outlive the overshadowing-infiuence of this Fed-
eral Government.} We do not ask for this; on the
contrary, we deprecate it as another of the per-
nicious experiments which have been made with
a view to bring the people oi the country under
the supervision of the Federal power.
I had no intention, sir, when I rose of going so
far into the debate as I have done. I am desirous
of getting rid"*of this subject, and with that view I
move to lay the bill with th e amendment on the
table, and 1 ask the yeas and nays upon that mo-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and resulted
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen,Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Dix, Feich, Fitz-
patrick, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mason, Niles, Husk, Sebas-
tian, Sturgeon, Turney, and ¥ nice—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Breese, Clarke,
Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi,
Dayton, Dodge oflowa, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgerald, Foote,
Gtcene, Hale, Hannegan, Houston, Joiuison ot Maryland,
Johnson ot Louisiana, Jones, Mangum, Miller, Pearce,
Phelps, Ppruance, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker,
and Wehster—31.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Mr. CALHOUN". I am aware of the impatience
of the Senate to dispose of this subject; and I do
not intend to detain them beyond what I deem it
my duty to say on this occasion. This is a very
important bill, and I exceedingly regret that I am
so imperfectly acquainted with the principles upon
which it has been urged at this time. -1 have no
further opportunity to know its contents than by-
hearing it read, and hearing: this discussion, and
there has been so much noise that the greatei part
of what has been read and said has escaped my
ear. I also regret exceedingly that there is so
short a period to consider this bill," because I have
noticed, as the result of my experience, that a
