THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PRINTED AND PUBLISHED AT THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, BY BLAIR h RIVES.
30th Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 6, 1849.
New Series..
..No. 43,
measure, however important, is scarcely ever urged
or opposed to any purpose at this late period of a
session. Sir, is it fair to urge a bill of this mag-
nitude upon the country at this time? I concur
entirely with what was said by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] Bills of a character simi-
/■ iar to this have been urged upon Congress, I
i believe, from the very first administration ofGen-
i eral Washington, repeated at intervals by several
. Administrations, but never acted upon by Con-
gress. There were never any considerable efforts
ma^Ie to carry them through. This I consider the
! strongest possible evidence against the propriety
of such a measure. Why has Congress never
i carried out the suggestion of those eminent men
: who administered the affairs of this Government
; in the early days of this Confederacy? Why has
■ Congress never acted in accordance with those
- suggestions and recommendations ? Because they
\ have felt it their duty, under a deep sense of the
obligations imposed upon them by the Constitu-
I tion, to resist all attempts that have ever been
> made heretofore to embark in such a policy.
| President, there is something ominous in
•the expression, "The Secretary of the Interior."
ITh is Government, as has been well said by the
i Senator from Virginia, was made to take charge
of the exterior relations of the States. And if
there ha'd been rto exterior relations the Federal
Government would never have existed—the exte-
rior relations with foreign countries, and the exte-
rior relations of States with States, and that only
carried to a very limited extent. Sir, the name
"Interior Department" itself indicates a great
/^change in the public mind. What has been the
cause? We are told that the business of Gov-
ernment now has become such that the existing
departments are overloaded, and that it requires a
new department to be constituted. .Is the fact so?
What evidence have we of that fact? Has there
been a committee appointed td call upon the sev-
eral departments or any of them, or upon the
Presidentof the United States, to ascertain whether
that is the case ? I understand not. We have but
a communication from a single department; and
upon that authority alone, at this late stage of the
session, when wc have btat a few hours left to
consider the importance of this bill, it is urged
upon us. Sir, there is something striking in the
fact that this measure comes recommended from
- an outgoing Administration-, and is supported hefe
mainly by the friends of the incoming Adminis-
tration, professing opposite political prinfciples.
That fact is very remarkable. The vote recently
taken exhibited that remarkable state of things.
If th^ departments are overcharged, what has
been the cause? Has it not resulted from the over-
action of our Government? Is it not a strong ad-
monition to us to retrace many of our steps, instead
of forming new machinery to give a, new impulse
to that overaction? and a very powerful impulse
this measure will give. But suppose that this
overburden of business has not been the result of
overaction, is there no other way of remedying it?
May it not be corrected m a much more simple
and safe form, by following the policy which hay :
been already adopted in at least one of the depart-
ments—the Post Office Department—that of having
an assistant, two or three of them, if necessary?
Why not adopt the same machinery here instead
of creating a new department, and bringing under
its control half a dozen different branches of the
public business having no connection with each
other? I lay it down as a rule, founded on some
experience, that it is far better that large masses ,
of business, in their nature analogous to one on- ■
other, should be under a common head, instead of
beins: divided off. All that belongs to the revenue, ,
directly or indirectly, ought to be under the charge .
of the Secretary of the Treasury; all that belongs ,
to th^ War Department should be under the charge
of the Secretary of War, and so on. !
. Mr. President, I understand that this bill pro-
poses tp make it a portion of the duty of this de-
partment to take charge of our Indian affairs.
Who does not see that the Indian affairs are im-
mediately connected with ths War Department?
Who does not see that the preservation of peace
and harmony on our frontier, both between our-
selves and the Indians, and between the Indian
tribes themselves, depends upon the action of the
War Department? In my judgment, the Indian
affairs are so intimately connected with the War
Department that they cannot be separated without
producing mischievous consequences.
The next feature of this bill is, as I understand
it, that it provides for the creation of the office of
Commissioner of Customs -
. Mr. HUNTER, (interposing.) I would inform
the honorable Senator that the new bureau of
Commissioner of Customs is put under the charge
of the Secretary of the Treasury..
Mr. CALHOUN. Theft I will pass that over
and go to the Land Office. The Land Office is put
under this new department. Who does not see
that there is a far more intimate relation between
the duties of the Land Office and the duties of the
Treasury Department, than between them and the
duties of a depaitment like this that is proposed
to be established? The proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, being a branch of the revenue,
ought to be under the control of the Treasury De-
partment. Does not every man see that everything
relating to the revenue ought to be under the con-
trol of a common head? It now appears, that
after taking away that important branch from the
Treasury Department, that department is to have
new bureaus created for it, in addition to what it
had before, thus adding machinery to machinery,
and every addition to this machinery givinga new
impulse to that ovcraction of the Government
which causes the necessity for these additions.
Well, sir, what is the next branch of business
that is conferred upon this new department? The
Patent Office. I admit that there is not a very in-
timate relation between the Patent Office and the
State Department, which now has charge of it.
But now I put a question to gentlemen who advo-
cate this bill. The Patent Office is already charged
with the subject of agriculture, making long an-
nual reports, and very expensive ones. Is it in-
tended to transfer that with the PatentOfficc to this
Home Department? Is agriculture to go over to
this new department, with the Patent Office? for,
as the bill now stands, that is the practical opera-
tion of it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi,.(interposing.) if
the Senator wishes me to answer, I would say that
it is one of the blessings to be derived from the
contemplated organization, that instead of extend-
ing, as has been done for several years, the inter-
ference of the Federal Government in the agiicul-
ture of the country, by throwing it as one office
into a new department, the head of that department
will not have to build his reputation upon it. And
for that reason the arrangement proposed by the
bill is considered preferable to the>present arrange-
ment.
Mr. CALHOUN. I am obliged to the Senator
for expressing Ins views so distinctly. There is
ro power so strong as that of this Patent Office.
Congress has struggled, but in vain, for years to
limit this power. It has gone on increasing from
year to year, until it has bccouie a great overshad-
owing institution.
There is another large branch of business grow-
ing up connected with the legislation of Congress—
the Smithsonian Institution. The Government is
the trustee of that institution. The Government
controls the Board of Trustees,and I'venture to say
that five years will not pass before the Smtthso- ;>
man Institution will go into the Home Department, j j
There is no enu to these additions. Even the pern- :j
tentiary of the District is placed under its control, j.
Everything upon the face of God's earth will go j;
into theHomeDepartment,—Indian Affairs,Patent • j
Office,Land Office, Public Buildings,all, all thrown !
together without the slightest connection. This!!
thing ought not to be. This is a monstrous bill. 1
It is ominous. It will turnover the wools inte-
rior affairs of the country to this department; and
it is one of the greatest steps that ever has .been
made in my time to absorb ail the remaining pow-
ers of the States.
Sir, it is time to stop. Ours is a Federal Gov- j
ernment. The States are the constituents of the !
Federal Government. It is a created, and'it is a t
supervisory power. We are step by step concen-
trating and consolidating this power, until finally
we will take the last and final step, and conduct all
the business under the name of the " Department'
of the Interior."' Sir, 1 cannotbelieve that if this -
bill had been earlier taken up, if there had been -
eight or ten days' deliberate discussion on it, it
would receive the sanction of this Senate, or that
it would have received the sanction of s,o many*
friends who, upon thegeneralquestionsofthecoun- j
try, have always stood by the Constitution and j
maintained the rights of the States. -But, Mr. |
President, I know the disposition of the Senate, j
and I yield the floor. ' "
Mr. FOOTE. I feel that I owe a special apol-
ogy to the Senate for intruding myself upon its
attention at this late period of our session. It was
certainly not my intention to engage in the debate
now in progress until a minute or two since, when
several Senators on this side of the Chamber, who
concurred with me in opinion touching the policy
of establishing the Home Department, demanded
that I should offer a few remarks in explanation of
our common attitude. Indeed, it is possible that
our motives and objects might be seriously misun-
derstood, both here and elsewhere, were nothing
in addition said in obviation of misconstruction. {
have already stated, Mr. President, at an early
stage of" this discussion, that, being somewhat
in doubt as to what should be'my own course
upon the question under consideration, I made it
my business to seek an interview with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who in his annual report
so warmly recommended the establishment of a
Home Department, in order to ascertain whether
he still considered t^is measure indispensable to
the successful administration of the fiscal concerns
of the Government. The Senate is already ad-
vised of the fact that this officer, thus applied to,
declared that* he„ did still entertain the opinion
formerly expressed by him upon this subject, and
that he felt perfectly certain that the Treasury
Department would inevitably break down in the
hands of any one who might be appointed his suc-
cessor, unless some relief should be afforded to it
in the mode provided by this bill. "Having but a
limited knowledge of this very delicate part of
our governnientalmachinery,and being compelled,
therefore, to rely very much upon the judgment
of others, whose experience might enable them to
give sound and wholesome advicc, and being not
unmindful, either, of the purely disinterested atti-
tude occupied now by the distinguished gentleman
at the head of the Treasury Department, I confess
that his opinion heis had much influence in deter-
mining; my action. It is certainly possible that the
experiment proposed to us may result disadvan-
tageous^ to the public interests—it may, after all,
turn out to be erroneous in theory, and pernicious
in practice; &nu yet,under the circumstances stated,
unless some moie c-o^ent arguments "sbe.il be
br.ought forward than any it has been my good *
fortune yet to bear, I shail feci bound to vote for
the measure so imposingly recommended to us for
adoption."
The honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allex,]
with whom I always so much delight to coficur
and cooperate, and the honorable Senator from
South Carohna, [Mr. Calhoun,] from whom I
never seriously differ without more or less distrust
of my own judgment, and other Democratic Sen-
ators to whom I never fail to listen with .respect
ana admiration, have stated several objections in
our he£i.*ip£ to the bill under consideration, which
I regard as entitled to more or less notice at. the
hands of its friends; though I certainly do not con-
ceive that anything has yet fallen from honorable
Senators in opposition to the scheme of a Home
Deoartment win'eh demands an extended reply. •
-^'The honorable Senator from Ohio seems to be
"of opinion, that as the Government has got along
very well heietofore without a Home Department,
there can be no necessity for establishing such a
deportment ot present. Sir, th'-a argument would
