674
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
March 3,
cut off all future improvement in government, and
compel us to remain stationary whilst the whole
tvo] id is in progress before us.' My honorable
friend will permit me to suggest that he seems for
a moment to have forgotten that this nation has
advanced, in a little more than half a century, from
three millions of people to twenty millions; that a
proportionate increase has taken place in our terri-
torial extent, our commercial, manufacturing, and
agricultural*resources; and that, consequently, there
must be more or less of modification and expansion
fft the governmental machinery itself. A full-grown
man cannot be expected to wear the clothes which
were purchased for him in boyhood; and a great
nation like oUrs*nust expect to incur a little more
expense in executing the high task of self-govern-
rnent than it was necessary to encounter in the
earlier stages of its existence. Did the bill before
us contemplate any radical innovation upon^ the
frame-work of Government, or even propose any
considerable multiplication of offices, I might be
inclined to yield more than I am disposed to do-at
present to this objection of the honorable Senator
from Ohio; but as no new powers are to be given
to the Government, but few new offices to be cre-
ated, and nothing, in fact, to be done through the
instrumentality of this Home Department beyond
effectuating a judicious and necessary division of
/a&of, I cannot perceive any ground for the appre-
hensions gravely expressed as to its tendency
and .operation. // - •
Mr. President, I trust that I have a proper re-
spect for the maxim, " NulliUs dddictus jurare in
verba magislriand were I disposed to obey im-
plicitly the commands of any master in relation to
grave measures of national legislation, it is possi-
ble that I should, rely upon the authority and sub-
mit to the teachings of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina as soon as to those of any man
living. But this seems to me to be a questton of
experience more than of mere authority, and proper
to be settled more upon a cautious and considerate
examination of facts than upon abstract theoietic
reasonings, however ingenious.C. The honorable
Senator from South Carolina has discovered great
incongruity in this bill: he contends that there is
neither similarity nor affinity between our Indian
policy—our policy in connection with the public
.lands,and the Patent Office arrangements. Why,
. sir, is not the'honorable Senator in error? Do not
all these several matters relate to the domestic policy
©f the Republic, as distinguished from its exterior
concerns? What two things can be mentioned
more closely connected than our-Indian policy and
the policy of the public lands? We claim the fee-
simple title to all the lands on the continent, pos-
sessed by the various Indian tribes; we only recog-
nize them as holding a usufructuary interest, and
some immense space of territory is every year or
two falling into our hands by some treaty effected
with these children of the forest, which speedily
becomes subject to all our general regulations for
the disposition of the public domain. If the hon-
orable Senator will look into the present organiza-
tion ofthe different departments of the Government
I feel certain that he will find other apparent and
unavoidable incongruities far more striking than
any to be discovered in the bill before us. Put I
will not dwell upon this point. I do not deem it
material to do so.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
South Carolina seems to entertain most serious
fears as to the future encroachments of this Home
Department, should we establish it, upon the rights
of the States, and declares that he never yet knew
a department to be erected which was not guilty
of thus encroaching upon the reserved rights of
the States and people. Why, sir, surely the hon-
- orable Senator fiom South Carolina will himself
admit that he is scarcely £.3 accurate as usual
on this point. The honorable Senator was once
Secretary of War, and for a considerable period
of years. Wpr the War Department guilty of
encroachment during this brilliant period of our
national annals 5 The same distinguished gentle-
man once occupied the Department of State also.
Did encroachment then occur under his guidance?
Surely these two instances should be sufficient to
dispel any new abstract apprehensions ofencroach-
ment which the honorable Senator from South
Carolina may entertain. The fact is, Mr. President,
not only wilf the general concerns of the Treasury
Department be relieved by assigning a portion of
its functions to a new officer, but it.will -be more
easy to counteract encroachments, if any should
be meditated, after the passage of this bill than
before.. The power of the Treasury Department
will be 'sensibly weakened by withdrawing from
it a portion of its present patronage, and it will be
more easy to watch and counteract movements
tending to encroachment .on the part of the Secre-
tary of the Home Department than it )would be
were t^ie same officer the possessor of that vast
j discretion, and the distribution of the immense
\ patronage which belong at present to theTreasury
i Department. ' ,
| And now,.sit*, I4iave to say, in conclusion, that,
j considering the Home Department necessary—re-
! garding it, for obvious reasons already mentioned
I by others,'as particularly important to the new
! States of the Union—I shall not decline voting for
; itbecauseji Whig Administration is about to come
i into power. The general and permanent welfare
| of the Republic will always be with me a leading
and paramount consideration; and even were I to
view this measure only with reference to party \
j considerations, inasmuch as I feel confident that
i the Whig party can never remain in power for
| rflore than four years at a time, and that all official
I patronage brought into existence by this bill will
i mure permanently to the Democratic party of the
I country, and be of course judiciously and honestly
| administered, I can perceive no impropriety in
I adopting it at once. It would be easy to debate
| upon "this subject; but, for obvious reasons, I for-
i bear. I hope we may soon get a vote, and turn
: our attention to other matters of pressing and vit#l
j interest.
! Mr. HUNTER rose to address the Senate, but
j gave way to—
U Mr. ATHERTON, who moved that the bill be
| passed over informally, in order-that action might
; be had upon the appropriation bills; which was
I agreed to.
^ FORTIFICATIONS OF THE UNITED STATES.
The bill making appropriations for certain forti-
fications having been returned from the House,
. said House having refused to concur in the Senate
i amendment thereto—
I Mr. ATHERTON moved that the Senate recede
; from its amendment, which appropriated |20,0u0
j for the completion of Fort Gibson, in the Chero-
1 kee country; which was agreed to.
t| INDIA.N APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee of Con-
ference on the part of the Senate, on the disagree- '
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill making
i appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
1 penscs ofthe Indian department,aqd for fulfilling
| treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes
| for the year ending June 20th, 1850, reported:
I cc That they have met the conferees on the part of the
i EIou^p of Repie^e ntative5?, and, after full and free conference,
; ihe two committees could come to no agreement."
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments, amended and disagreed to by the House of
Represetatives, to the said bill.
Mr. ATHERTON moved thattheSenate concur
in the amendment of the House of Representatives
to the ninth amendment of the Senate; which was
agreed to.
Mr. A. then said:-The second amendment is that
i offered bytheSenatorfrom Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
I It will be recollected that the Senator from Ten-
! nessee, from the Indian Committee, offered an
; amendment for the payment of $500,000 to the
' Cherokees. The House of Representatives have
stricken out that amendment, and introduced an
; amendment with certain provisions allowing the
; same sum, but containing Certain other provisions
i as tolthe mode of settlement, &c. These were not
1 considered satisfactory by the Senator from Ten-
! nessee; and there was some difficulty in settling
; these details; but the most objectionable part of
! the amendment of the House, in my opinion, \Vas
> the provision annexed to the amendment of the
j Senate, for the issue of $5,000,000 m treasury
i notes.
Mr. BENTON, (in his seat.) To the Indians?
Mr. ATHERTON. I believe not; but they
were to be issued from the treasury. It is, in fact,
attaching a loan bill, a treasury-note bill, to the
^ Indian appropriation bill. Now, sir, I cannot con-
! ceive any necessity for this._ I am willing to give
j the most serious" and candid ccfnsideration~to any
[proposition for the purpose of raising supplies
i which may be deemed necessary for the Govern-
ment^ but I can conceive of no event in which it
car) become necessary. I know, sir, that the ap-
propriations have, to some' extent, exceeded the
estimate, but not so far, I think, as to create any
necessity for such a provision. Besides, sir, it is
not necessary, in appropriating for the whole fiscal
year, to provide the means of supplying the ap-
propriations for the whole year at once. We are
making appropriations for the next fiscal year. If
the means should not be sufficient, they will last
until the meeting of Congress in December next,
and the deficiency can then be provided for.
> Now, sir, what is the condition of the treasury?
The>e are six millions subject to draft. On the
1st of April the Secretary of the Treasury has
power to make available a loan of $2,700,000. - In
the mean time, the revenue from the customs wiji
becoming in, which amounted in the first quarter
of last year to $11,000,000, so that there can by
| no possibility be any deficit between now and next
i December. In order', therefore, to avoid the diffi-
culties which surround this question, there being
many difficulties'in regard to the details of the
Cherokee claim, I move that the Senate recede
from their amendment to the Indian appropriation
bill. In that way the clause relating to the adjust-
ment ofthe Cherokee claim, and the clause resting
upon our amendment providing for the issue of
treasury notes, will fall together. -
The hour of four o'clock having arrived, the
Senate took a reccss until "six o?clock', P. M.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock and re-
sumed the consideration of the bill to establish the
Department of the Interior, on which Mr. Hunter
had the floor. +
Mr. H UNTER. I took the floor, Mr. President,
for the purpose of replying to an argument which
seems to have some weight here; much'more
| weight, I think, than is due to it. It is said that the
: Secretary oflhe Treasury will be unable to dis-
charge all the duties of his office, unless we adopt
; some measure of this kind; that it will be impos-
j sible for him to undergo the labor that will be re-
quired of him, unless he shall be relieved from %
some of the duties of his office. Now, 1 ask, to
what extent will this bill relieve the Secretary of
the Treasury? It will be found, upon an exam-
ination of it, that the greater portion of the busi-
ness of this Minister of the Interior is to be trans-
ferred, not from the Treasury, but from the other
departments of the Government. First, he is to ^
have charge of the Indian affairs, which is a trans-
fer from the War Department, to which, as was
stated by the Senator from South Carolina, it very
properly belongs, inasmuch as they involve mat-
ters of war and peace with the Indian tribes. The
next subject to be transferred to the'Minister of
the Interior is that of Patents, which is taken from
the State Department. The only subject trans-
ferred from theTreasury Department is the control
of the public lands, so far as relates to the right to
decide in certain cases of appeal from the Land
Office,^and the general supervision of the public
property in land. Now, in relation to this, one of
two things must exist. If the Secretary of the
Treasury is~ to be relieved from all the business
connected with the public lands, then it must follow
that the Minister of the Interior is to make the col-
lections and disbursements of the income from that
office. But that is nor the business which is to be
given to him; for, if it were, what would result? That
we should have two Treasuries: one under the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, as at present, for the receipt
( and disbursement of the income derived from cus-
j toms; the other^under the Secretary ofthe Interior,
i for the management and disbursement of the in-
: come derived from the public lands. In what man-
I ner would the affairs of this Government be admin-
! istered , if we should thus disturb the harmony and''
■| unity of the Treasury Department? Well, then,
;j if it is not intended by this bill, as I believe it is
jj not, to transfer the collection of revenue from pub-
!i lie lands to this Minister of the Interior, how is it
i1 that we relieve the Secretary of theTreasury by
its enactment? Why, we relieve him only of the
decision of appeals from the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Lands, and from a species of general supervision
of the public property in lands. If I understand
it, the purpose is to transfer only the power of
deciding certain judicial cases arising in the Land
Office, together with the supervision of the public
lands, as a source of revenue; that is, to commit to .
