1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
his discretion the manner in which they shall be
brought into the market. Now, this last duty
manifestly belongs to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who ought to control and'manage the receipt
of public revenue from whatever source derived.
"It is a mistake to suppose that this is a'meaSuie
for the relief of the Treasury Department. It re-
lieves the War Department to a far greater extent,
taking from it as it does, the Indian affairs and also
the Pensions. It relieves the State Department to
h greater extent, in taking; from it the Patent Office
and its concerns. It relieves the Secretary of the
Treasury from very little; and from that of which
he tyiight be relieved by merely increasing the power
of the Commissioner of the Land Office. If L have
succeeded in what I intended, I think I have shown
* that thislull, so far as the public lands are con-
cerned, affords no relief to the Secretary of the
Treasury, which could not very properly be given
to him by increasing to a small extent the power
of the Commissioner of the Land Office; and that
all beyond giving the Commissioner the power of
appeal, is improper to be given to any oiher than
the head of the Treasury Department. The con-
trol of the mode of bringing the public lands into
market, as a source of revenue, manifestly belongs
lo him. As a proof of this, we find that this very
bill still leaves to the Secretary of the Treasut y the
control of the whole machinery for collecting and
disbursing the proceeds from the sales of the public
lands. Why not leave to his discretion, then, the
% mode in which they are to be brought into market?
But it is said that the Department is to find great
relief in the appointment of an Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury. This assistance is more falla-
cious, if possible, than the other which 1 have just
been combating. What portion of the labors of
the Secretaiy is he to take? Allow me to read
the power that is given to him, He is to examine
all letter*, contracts, and warrants prepared for
the signature of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
to perform certain duties now discharged by clerks.
What duty is here imposed upon him which is
not already performed by some of the clerks of the
department? It is not proposed to take from the
Secretary the labor of signing these warrants; and
itcould not be taken from him without disarranging
the whole machinery of the Treasury Department,
and disturbing the system of checks and balances
depending on the fact of his having to sign these
warrants. This, then, relieves him of nothing.
- Nothing is transferred from him which misrht not
easily be performed bythechiefclerkin that depart-
ment,,and by enlarging the duties of the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office m regard to appeals. And
why not do this? We might as well as to create an
additional department of the Governmert. Who
can doubt that thei creation of an additional de-
partment will bring with it a long train of new offi-
cials and much additional patronage?
Mr. President, if I had no other objection to this
bill I should vote against it, at this late period of
the session, because we have not had time to ex-
amine and mature it, and because such a bill would
l stand in the way hereafter of a proper reform of
the Treasury Department. Sir, in my .opinion,
that reform will not be found to consist in mul-
tiplying departments and bureaus, and m increas-
ing patronage. No, si i, the labors of that Sec-
retary are to be lessened and the department itself
reformed, not by increasing its officers, but by in-
troducing a better system of bookkeeping, and a
more judicious arrangement of the duties of the
offices which already exist. The offices should be
so classed and the accgunts so arranged that each
^in its sphere should contribute to present the process
of receipt and disbursement, not in detnehed por-
tions, but as one whole, whose pai ts could be traced
in minute detail through all the offices which stated
the particulars from which the general results were
derived. In other words, the reform of method in
this department will be found here, as it has been
found elsewhere, to consist in introducing fully and
completely the system of bookkeeping by double
entry. The forms of public accounts should be so
prescribed, and the officers so classified in conform*
lty to that arrangement, that each should perform'
a part, and but a single part, in ascending from
minute details to the simple and general results of
the ledger, with the same accuracy of balance-sheet
and the same periodical rests which distinguish a
well-kept private counting-house. A system ap-
proximating to this degree of excellence has been
matured in France, and might bo. created here, if
we were to take the proper pains,- and guide our-
selves by the lights of experience. Tf such a reform
were once adopted here, I believe that a Secretary
of fair financial ability could discharge all the duties
now-imposed upon the Departmeittof theTreasury
without being over-tasked. I know, sir, that the
Senator from Mississippi has admonished us that
the labors of the Department, with the duties
now imposed upon it, must breakUown any Sec-
retary who undertakes them. They are great I
know, far greater than they need be, if the proper
system were introduced, and the proper degree of
responsibility enforced. But the remedy proposed
in this bill does not even touch the evil. It is the
system of accounts, and mode in which they are
kept,which produces confusion and embarrassment.
Why, sir, I was surprised to find that money de-
rived from customs was often not transferred by
warrant to the books of the Treasury Department
for months after its receipt, and. that revenue stated
in Treasury reports as the receipt of one year was
often in part the product of another. Sir, I could
go fuither into this matter of the mode in which
our public accounts arc kept if there were time for
it. If a thorough investigation were instituted into
the Treasury Departmerj^ I think the embarrass-
ments of the Secretary would be found to arise not
so much from the number of subjects placed under
his control as from the manner and mode in which
they are managed.*
But the Senator from Mississippi has admonished
me that the present Secretary of the Treasury is
far-better informed on all such subjects than I can
possibly be. Sir, I admit the fact, but I do not
know that it should debar me from forming and
expressing an opinion of my own, if it should
happen to differ from his. If the Secretary of the
Treasury possesses the wonderful powers which
his friends attribute to him, (and I do not deny
him high powers,) why did he not present us with
some plan for improving our present system of
public accounts, instead of this Home Department,
which will leave the embarrassments of the Secre-
tary (as I fear) just where it found them? Why
did he not offer us some plan which would at least
enable us to distinguish accurately the revenue
derived in one year from that received in another'
He had both timeund opportunity for such a task.
Mr. President, I fear that this new department
will lead to all the ill effects so forcibly dcpicted
by the Senator from South Carolina. 1 fear, sir,
that the increased patronage and long train of new
officials which he apprehends from it are not the
"worst results to be expected. I wish it may not
draw within the Federal vortex powers long con-
sidered the sacred property of the States.
Sir, I should not Jiave occupied so much of the
time of the Senate at this late hour, if it had not
been for what I conceived to be the importance of
this bill, creating, as it does, a new department.
It came backed by the high recommendation of
the distinguished Secretary of the Treasury; it
is obvious that it will pass, and I felt it to be due,
to myself and the occasion to enter my protest
against it; for the day will come, and perhaps is
not far distant, when its authors will be sought
I for.
Mr. BADGER. I hope that any member of the
Senate who is in favor of the passage of this bill
in any form will vote against all amendments that
are proposed to it; for it is perfectly obvious, that
to vote for an amendment to the bill at this period
is to vote against the bill. The bill may not, per-
haps, be as perfect as the ingenuity of wise men
can make it; but it is for the purpose of establish-
ing a great and important principle. It is for this
that the bill was introduced. It is a bill to estab-
lish a Home Department; against whic^i, upon
what piinciple can any one object? And yet, at
this 'ate period, on the last day of the session, it
is sought to incumber this bill with amendments,
so as to secure its rejection. I hope that no Sen-
ator will vote for an amendment of any kind. If
a majority of the Senate are opposed to the bill, let
it be voted down; and if they are in favor of it, let
it pass. But I hope, if the majority are in favor
of it, that it will not be smothered with amend-
ments.
Mr.-HUNTER. There is no desire to smother
the bill. The amendments came from the Com-
mittee on Finance. So far from any desire to
,*\tute.—Ft id pi oner to state that I attribute tins not jo
the limit of any officer, hut to that of tlie system of pullc
accounts.
smother it. I was desirous to have the bill reported^
because. T did not choose to have it said that I w#uld
smother it.
Mr. BADGER. That is all -very well, if it had
been reported n fortnight ago; but no one knows
better than the Senator from Virginia that to amend
the bill is to destroy iu
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do nojtknow any such thing.
The House of Representatives is still in session,
and we wish to render the bill more perfect.
Mr. BADGER. The House is stiil in session,
it is true; and the same remark may be made at
five minutes before twelve o'clock. But itmustbe
manifest to every gentleman that, to incumber the
measure with amendments, and send it back to the
House at this late hour* is to destroy it. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will vote affirmatively or neg-
athely upon the, amendments*at orice.
Mr. MASON asked for a division of the ques-
tion. "
-Mr. ATHERT01N". It is not my intention to
delay the progress of this bill, but 1 wish to make
a report from the Committee of Conference. I
suppose it is in order to do so.
•" Mr. MANGUM. It is not in order.
Mr. ATRERTON. Then 1 move to lay this
hill upon the table, in order that I may make the
report,
Mr. HUNTKK, called for the yeas and nays,
and the motion to lay the bill on the table was
negatived, as follows:
YE^S—M'-t-tsr*. Athorton, Benton, Berrien, Bradbury,
Rnshi, Butler. Calhoun, Dickinson, Felch, Titzpatrick,
Hutiter^Joiin-orj <ff Geoiyia, King, Mason, Niles, Sebastian,
Sturgeon, Timtey, itml Yulee—19.
NAYS—Badenr, Baidwin, Bell, Bicese, Clarke,
Divisof Massachusetts, Da\ton, Dodjre of Iowa, Douglas,
Down1-, Fitzgerald, Foote. Greene, Hale, Hamlin, Hanae-
aan, Ilon-Mon. Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
Jonp*, Metcalfe, Miller, Peaice, Spruance, Ifti-
dervvood, Upham, Wales, and Webster—29. *
The question then being upon the first branch
of the amendment reported, by the committee, viz:
in section J1 to strike out the woids "appointing
and removing power," and insert " direction and
placed under the control"—
Mr. MASON demanded the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and, being taken, were as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mes*r*. Atherton, Benton, Borland, Bright, But-
ler, Calhoun, Dickinson, Dix, Felch, Fitzpatnek, Hamlin,
Hunter, Jonn.-on ot Geoiaia, Kins, Mason, Ndes, Sebastian,
tfturtrt'on, Tmney, and Yulee—-20. ^
N\YS—Messrs. Bud^er, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Brad-
bury. Bree<e: Clarke, Convm, Uavi< of Massachusetts, Da-
viMif Davton, Dodge of Iowa, Dou«!as, Downs,
Fitzgerald, Foote, Greene, Hale, Houston, .Johnson of Ma-
ryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Jone?, Mangum, Metcalfe,
Miller, I'e-tiee. Rnsk,S]tMiariee^ Underwood,Upham, Wales,
Walker, and Vv*«lwter~33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr HANNEGAN. I am, and have been for
many years past, in favor of this measure. But
it is absolutely necessary that we should have
some reports from committees of conference upon
the appropriation bills; and, in order'that those
questions may be definitively disposed of, 1 move
to lay this bill upon the table.
Several Senators. Oh, no, no; withdraw
your motion. ^
Mr. HANNEGAN. T feel authorized, then, to
say officially that, when the hand of the clock
points the hour of twelve, the Senate is dispersed.
Senators are acting as though they were deter-
mined upon forcing the next Administration to
cail an extra session of Congress.
The motion to lay upon the table was rejected.
The question beins; taken upon staking out t^ie
thirteenth section of the bill, it was dccided in the
negative by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEA-}—Atchison, Atherton, Bright, Biiflcr, Cal-
houn. Dk-kni<nn. Div, F.'l'-h, FitzpatricK, Hamlm, Hunter,
John -on ot Geoi«ia, King, Mason, Nile*, Kuslc, Sebastian,
Stuijjeod, Tinnej—19.
NAYS—Rodger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Brad-
bury, Bree-e, Claikc, Cot win, Davis of Ma^acinuetts, Da-
vis of Dayton, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downa,
Fitvyfrald. Foote, Givene, Hale, Hantaan, Hou^on, John-
son 'of Uhm land, Johnson of Louisiana, Jones, Mangum,
Metcalfe, Miller, Peaice, Phelps, Spruance, UucietwuoU,
bjihani. Wales*. Walker, and Webster—34.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question being taken upon the remaining
amendments of the committee, they were dis-
agreed to.
Mr. MASON moved to amend the bill by stri-
king out from the first section the words created
a new Executive department ot' the Government
of the United [States, to be called the Department
of tlie Interior, the head of which department shall
