THE - CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
it was necessary to give it some share of power
over our internal relations, over the Patent Office,
Indian bureau, the public lands, &c., it should be
subordinate. Being formed to take charge of our
pxterior relations, we should not extend its power
to our interior relations any fur.ther than was abso-
lutely necessary.
' Mr. DAVIS. It was not my memory, hut my
hearing which was at fault, as appears by reference
to the hole I made of the Senator's remarks when
delivered. " I am very glad to be corrected, and to
know his opinion accurately.
Mr. President,-.this bill has been denounced as
a "federal measure/' Its origin is democratic,
its purposes are democratic, if it passes it will
descend as part of the fruit of this" Democratic Ad-
ministration, and I .shall claim it as a Democratic
measure. The ad valorefn duties of the tanlf of
1846 have created many questions which had to
be referred, and which have augmented the labors
of th&*Secretary of the Treasury and increased the
necessity for a division of the department as pro-
posed. These questions are incident to that mode
of levying duties, and believing it to be the only
equitable mode, I am anxious to remove every
cause which might serve to impair its usefulness
or injure it in public estimation. By the provis-
ions of this bill much of the delay which/has oc-
curred from the mass of business thrown upon a
single head of department will be avoided, and
by prompt decisions great injury to individuals
and to the Government will be avoided. Thus,
will be removed part of the objection to a feature
in the present tariff, which 1 consider particularly
democratic, and which I am most anxious to pre-
serve. The argument against transferrins' the
management of the public lands from the Secie-
tary of the Treasury is based upon a supposition
that the public domain is to be viewed as property
for sale, and disposed of for revenue purposes
alone. This may he conclusive to the mind of
the Senator from. Virginia, but with me Qrjeof the
strongest inducements to the support of this bill is
the provision to separate the disposal of the public
lands from the office charged with providing the
ways and means to support the Government. It
is due to those who tame the wilderness and open
new sources of national prosperity and strength,
tb^t their interests should be regarded through a
purer medium^ than pecuniary gam. It is due to
permanent and general advantage, and to the ac-
quiescence of the new States in the narrow policy
which has heretofore obtained in relation to the
public domain, that higher and more liberal con-
siderations should govern hereafter. It is not to
be expected that the Secretary of the Treasury,
intent upon supplying revenue, will consider the
public lands otherwise than as a source from which
money is to be drawn; he would be more than
human if he could divest himself of the influence
which his position would exercise in the decision
of questions which might seem to militate against
his great purpose to supply means to the treasury.
In him we would naturally find an opponent
to preemption privileges, grants to States, and
graduation laws, and such other enactments as
justice to frontier settlers would dictate, and a
policy broader than annual receipts would recom-
mend. These are considerations which deeply
interest those,States in which theGeperal Govern-
ment's a great landed proprietor, and to which
„we of those States have a right to ask respectful
attention!**
Mr. HUNTER. And have a second treasury.
Mr.' DAVIS. A second treasury, if-the Senator
chooses so to term a division of the department
which will separate the disposal of the public
lands, and the conduct of those measures which
principally concern those who settle upon them,
from the general system of collecting revenue for
the Government. If to provide further means to
secure a wise administration of this trust—to place
relations between the Government and a highly
meritorious and useful class of the people in hands
more likely to direct them to the ends of justice—
be to establish "a second treasury," sir, let it be
established.
I stated this morning, in argument for this trans-
fer, that we had seldom seen a Secretary of the
Treasury taken from a section of the country
where the operations of the land laws could be
practically observed and understood. Iti future,
this will probably be still more the case, as settle-
ment advances from the commercial porta and
removes the unsold domain yet farther from the
places of commerce. The Secretary, chosen on
account of his capacity for the more important
duties of his station, will usually be from the
neighborhood of the great depo.s or thoroughfares
of trade, and, in the'progress of events, be more
removed frorh aVi opportunity to learn the true
policy to be adopted in relation to the public lands.
Such \vas my argument for transferring their man-
agement to one whose whole duties would indicate
a selection from the citizens of the interior;, the
men who, by information and sympathy, would
have the ability and the will wisely and justly to
discharge the duty. I esteemed it fortunate that
the bill had been prepared by the present Secre-
tary, who possesses an intimate knowledge, prac-
tically and theoretically, of the management of the
public lands. No man could better estimate ex-
isting and probable difficulties, and none could
better suggest remedies and preventives. Upon
this and other matters of his department, provided
for in the bill under consideration,-I said the Sec-
retary of the Treasury was so much better in-
formed than myself that I would adopt his details
to carry out principles which I approved—would
take them on faith. This the Senator has strangely
misconstrued into a declaration on my part that he
should not express an opinion opposite to that of
the Secretary, and that my creed was to %dopt
anything winch a Secretary should recommend.
I said nothing to justify his inferences or to war-
rant his construction. It was nok for me to ques-
tion the right of that or any other Senator to
entertain and express an opinion upon the policy
of any measure. I paid a just tribute to the in-
formation and honest zeal of the Secretary, and
stated how far his opinion would influence my
own, but did not claim from the Senator the con- '
fidence I felt—certainly did nof assume to dictate :
to htm. I felt as little inclined to do so as to adopt •
his assertions in opposition to the opinions of the j
Secretary. My remarks were confined to this ;
case, applied to this Secretary of the Treasury, i
and bore upon my own conduct only. I made no !
general proposition, stated no opinion as to the I
weight to be given to the recommendations of '
secretaries, nor will i follow the Senator in remarks :
which have no-bearing on the subject under dis-
cussion. How far my own opinion will be gov-
erned by department recommendations will be
shown when propositions are presented to which
I am opposed. The only answer which it is neces-
sary to give to the statement that this measure will
give but little relief to the treasury is, that he who
has administered the department, and whose opin-
ions have the advantage of experience and the
credit due to a position which must render him
personally disinteiested, has most emphatically
stated the reverse. The relief to be given is not
to be measured by the number of items-of busi-
ness transferred, but by the labor of each. This
mode of showing the amount of relief is like that
of Governor Von Twiller, who adjusted account
books by weighing them against each other.
The Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn,] from whom I always regret to differ, and
to whose opinion upon a question of organization
I would especially defer, objects to the pian of the
new department because of the incongruity he dis-
covers in the subjects referred to it, and especially
objects to the transfer of the Indian bureau from
the War Department. When our intercourse with
the Indian tribes was held under the protection of |
troops, and wars and rumors of wars came an- |
nually with the coming of grass, it was proper to !
place Indian relations under the War Department, j
Happily for them, honorably for us, the case has ;
greatly changed, and is, I hope, before a distant !
day, to assume a character consonant with the !
relations of guardian and ward, which have been ]
claimed by us as those existing between our Gov- ■
ernment and the Indian tribes. After having been I]
partially civilized and prepared for agricultural life, j|
tribes have been rcmpvea to the western frontier. ||
It is now equally a duty to them and ourselves that jj
we should, as far as we can, prevent them from j
lapsing again into barbarism. By our recent ac- I:
qutsition from Mexico we have a class of Indians !j
industrious and inclined to depend upon the white \.
race, rather than, fike sons of Esau, to plunge into jj
the wilderness and live by the chase. These and :
other changes in their condition recommend a cor-.j1
responding change of administrative organization.'<!
War being the exception, peace the ordinary con- i1
ditioh, the policy should be4 for the latter, not the
former condition. To the objection that incon-
gruous things are to be brought info one depart- 1
ment,.I reply that there is no greater incongruity
than exists at present, whilst there is the gain of
unity in having all those subjects which are purely
interior separated from those which aie exterior.
Why, to take a ease which has been selected for
objection, should patents for invention be cc%nnect-
ed with the State Department? What congruity
is there between patent rights and diplomatic in-
tercourse ? None, sir; and so different has been
the character and qualifications of individuals re-
quired for the two, that the connection has been
nominal, and the bureau of patents has been stead-
ily growing into an independent department. So
far, sir, from perceiving the danger referied to from
the further extension of the Patent Office as an
agricultural and statistical bureau, 1 think the re-
verse would be the effect of this measure; because
the office would be brought more under the super-
vision of the new Secretary than it could be under
that of the Secretary of State, and, as it is con-
trolled by on£ having other objects of interest, other
channels through which to reach national reputa-
tion, so will the tendency to wander from subjects
legitimately belonging tp it be diminished.
As a measure of accountability, it is proper that
whenever the duties of an officer increase beyond
his ability, such division should be madeasAviil
afford responsible agents, instead of having func-
tions delegated to clerks for which an officer is
held responsible without the power to know how
the duty is discharged. A large part of the labor
of the Secretary of the Treasury, as the depart-
ment is now organized,- is purely mechanical. This
is the necessary result of confiding duties to those
who have not'power legally to perfect the papers.
Such is the labor of signing treasury wai rants and
correspondence relative to disbursements. This
will be remedied by the appointment of an Assist-
ant Secretary, as provided m the bill, to whose
office, as an appropriate duty, I suppose will be
transferred thesignmgof warruntsand other papers
of like character.
Cases arising under the revenue laws will have,
by the creation of a Commissioner of Customs, a
distinct «nd appropriate place of reference,and the
delays which have occurred, it is to be hoped, will
be avoided, and the extra labor which has been * -
performed by the officer charged with these cases
as a part of his many duties, will he spared to his
post in future, from which dispatch of other busi-
ness must follow as a consequence.
Those who hear me know how heavily the
labors of the Treasury Department has borne
upon him who is soon to close his official connec-
tion with it, and they will remember how near it
came" to* proving fatal to him. From such bitter
experience does he speak m recommending this
relief for those who are to succeed him. This is~~
done when he sees his mantle about to fall from
his shoulders, and knows it must descend to one
not merely unconnected with, but opposed to him
politically. It, is no common merit, under such
circumstances, to have sought to perfect the ad- '
mimstrative details, so as to relieve his successor
from evils with which he had stoutly struggled,
over which he had gloriously triumphed. It was
the conduct of one who values the prosperity of
his country so much above party considerations,
that he would lend a laboring hand to smooth ob-
structions from the road of his opponent, and wish
him the success which is identified with the wel-
fare of our common country.
Mr. iPresident, in the formation of our Consti-
tution, the advocates-of popular right looked for
safety in providing chccks and balances which
should restrain the usurpation of power; and noth-
ing in the progress of government has more dis-
tinctly marked the two great parties of the country
than the advocacy or opposition to centralization.
By this bill, it is sought to divide the collection
and disbursement of revenue,'to separate consid-
erations as to the mode of raising money from the
manner of paying out—operations which should
not be connected, but which, if distinct, form the
proper and efficient checks one upon the other.
Let those whose democracy leads to centralizing
power and shielding public officers from public
scrutiny, denounce this as a federal measure; let
those who would restrain emigration to the un- 0
tamed soil of the West, contend for keeping our
public lands under policy and rules which have no
