680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfc.
March 3,
ion entertained by the gentleman in regard to the
Secretary of the Treasury. That was sufficiently
adverted to elsewhere.. I rose simply because I
thought the gentleman from Virginia was under-
taking to speak for the'Democratic party. I wish
now .only to remark, that for reasons satisfactory
to myself, I have concluded.to vote for this bill;
and the majority, as I conceive, of the Senate hav-
ing repeatedly decided that the bill ought to pass,
I think it is due to that majority, at this stage-of
the session, when so near'the close, that they
should be permitted_to pass the bill; but at the
same time, whatever may be the consequence, I,
for one, sir, until this matter is disposed of, shall
oppose the taking up of anything else. The'will
of a majority has been clearly expressed. Upon
them let the responsibility fall. The bill might
have been passed two .hours' ago, after it was as-
certained that there was a majority in fa vox of it.
But, if this discussion is to be protracted for the
purpose of forcing us into a rejection of the bill, I,
for one, will not submit to any such coercion.
Mr. WILES. If gentlemen on the other side
are willing to take the responsibility of passing
this measure, let them take it. It reminds me of
a memorable period of our history, when, at the
expiration of an Administration which had been
condemned jyy the people, their last expiring effort
was to create a batch of what were called " mid-
night judges;" and now we see the friends of the
incoming Administration, at the very close of a
Presidential term, united in an attempt tp extend
"the patronage of the Government. Sir, what has
been done during this session for the country is
nothing at all to what is proposed to be done by
this bill for office-holders; not for those who are
such now, but for those who may become such.
I am sorry to see it; and I must be permitted to
say—and perhaps it will be the last thing that I
shall say here—that ^f this measure is to be re-
garded as foreshadowing the course of the incom-
ing Administration, the day will come when the
people will hurl them from power, and stamp their
acts with the most unequivocal marks of their dis-
approbation.
Mr. DICKINSON rose amid cries of " ques-
tion." Senators (he said) are doubtless impatient;
but they cannot have the question until I get
through with what few remarks I have to make,
and I will assure them that I shall not detain them
long. have been absent from the Senate for the
greater part of the day, having been engaged upon
a committee of conference, and have not had an
opportunity to record my vote against the meas-
ure, and I therefore desire to say a few words. I
am opposed to the bill, I care not whence it em-
anates. It may entitle a measureito great respect
that it emanates from an exalted source; but I regard
it precisely as if ifcemanated from any other source.
I regard only the provisions which its contains, and
the effect which will be produced by its adoption.
Whether it be called a Democratic measure or a
Whig measure, its effect, in my humble opinion, will
be to build up a great overshadowing central or-
ganization here. That is my opinion, and that is
the reason why I oppose the bill. *• It is called, I
believe, the Home Department of the Interior; and
it seems to me that we should recognize the De-
partment of State as the Foreign Department of
the Exterior, so as to make them similar in name
as they are in nature. We are told that this will
give no additional patronage to the Government.
It begins by making a new cabinet minister. And
who does not know that it will bring around it a
corps of two or three hundred clerks ? The effect
of it will be to draw one department after another
into its grasp, and will ultimately tend to the cen-
tralization of this Government, a thing of all others
the most to be deplored. The measure will stand
out before the country as a measure for the in-
crease of the patronage of this Government; the
country will so regards. The Home Department
of the InteriorWhy, the very name of it is bor-
rowed substantially from the French nation. I
will not detain the Senate further than to say that
I am opposed to the bill in toio; up and uown,
round about, and diagonally.'"
The question being takefi'iipon the amendment
of the Senator from Viiginia, it was rejected, as
follows:
YE-\S—Messrs. Alien, Atchison, Athcrton, Benton, Bor-
 «"«• Brndbury, Sutler, Calhoun, Cameron, Dickinson, Dix,
i eleh,^ Fitzpatnek, Hainiin, Hunter, Johnson of Geoigia,
wng,.*las°)i, Niles, Sebastian, Sturgeon,"Turner,'and Yu-
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Clarke,.
Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Day-
ton, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,-Down5:, Fitzgerald, Foote,
Hale, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana,
Jones, Mangum,Metcalfe, Millet, Pewce, Phelps, Spruance,
Underwood, TTpliam, Wales, Walkej, and Webster—30.
The bill was then reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and read a
third tipie.
The question being stated upon the passage of
the bill, the yeas and nays were demanded and
ordered, and being taken, resulted'as follows:
' YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Baldwin, Bell, Berrien, Breese,
Claike, Corwin, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Missis-j
sipDi, Dayton, Dodiro of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fitzgferald,
Foote, Greene, Hale, Houston, Johnson of Maryland, John-
Son of Louisiana, Jones, Mangum, Metcalfe, Miller, Pearce,
Spruance, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, and Web-
ster—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Atherton, Benton, Bor-
land. Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Calhoun, Cameron, Dickin-
son, Dix, Fi lch, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Hunter, King,Mason,
Niles, Phelps, Jtusk, Sebastian, Stuigeon, Turney, and Yu-
lee—£5.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BADGER, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill from theHouse of Representatives making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the 30th June, 1850, reported:
That they have met the conferees on the part of
the House of Representatives, and, after full and
f>ee conference, have agreed to recommend to the
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first, twelfth,
and thirteenth amendments, and that they recede
from their disagreement to the amendment pro-
posed by the House to the fourteenth amendment
of the Senate, with a further amendment, substi
tuting the word " authorized" for " directed;"and
that.the House recede from their disagreement to
he second, third, ninth, and tenth amendments of
the Senate.
  The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the said report, and—
Resolved, That they concur therein, and that the bill be
amended accordingly.
ARMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, from the commit-
tee of conference on the part of the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
making appropriations for the support of the army ]
for the year ending June 30, 1850, reported: I
That they have met the conferees on the part of ;
the House of Representatives, and, after a full and
free confcrcnce, have agreed to recommend to the
respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first and fifth
amendments; that the House recede from their dis-
agreement to the second amendment of th% Senate,
with an amendment striking out the words " Jenks's
carbine," and reducing the appropriation from
§100,000 to $50,000; that the House recede from
their disagreement to the eighth, ninth, and eleventh
amendments of the Senate, and also from their
amendment to the tenth amendment of the Senate. !
On motion,the Senate concurred in said report. |
PRIVAJE BILLS. 1
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend- j
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill 1
for the relief of Peter Capella, administrator of |
Andrew Capella, deceased; and for the relief of!
I John Capo; and for the relief of Eli jah Petty, and
Hannah Petty, his wife, heirs of John Brandon,
deceased; all of which were concurred in.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the House amendment to the bill for the relief of
James F. Sothoron; and, on motion, concurred
therein.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration ef the !!
! amendment ofthe House of Representatives to the II
Senate bill for the relief of Thomas W. Chinn and i|
others; and, on motion, concurred therein. ||
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT. j
A message was received from the President of ;!
the United States, notifying the Senate that he had
approved and signed sundry bills and resolutions. H
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL. ij
Mr. ATHERTON, from the committee.of con- jj
ference on the part of the Senate on the disagree- m
ing votes of the two Houses dn the biil making !■
appropriationsfortheciviland diplomatic expenses i|
of the Government for the year ending June 30, [:
1850, and for other purposes, reported " that they !!
have met the committee of conference on the part ji
of the House of Representatives, and, after full ll
and free conference, they could come to no agree-
ment."
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ATHERTON moved that the Senate re-
sume the consideration of the Senate amendment
to the Indian appropriation bill, disagreed to by
the House. •.
Mr. KING expressed the hope that the civil and
diplomatic bill would be first disposed of.
Mr. ATHERTON replied that the bill referred
to was.in possession of the House of Representa- •
"trves.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of its
amendment to the Indian appropriation bill dis-
agreed to by the House, the question pending be-
ing upon Mr. Atherton's motion that the Senate
reccde from its amendment.
[It will be recollected that the amendment re-
ferred to was one proposed by Mr." Bell in relation
to Cherokee claims, to whieh the House had at-
tached a provision for the issue of treasury notes.]
'Mr. BELL. The Senator from New Hampshire
represented me truly when he said that I thought
the amendment of the House to the amendment of
the Senate was objectionable. I think so still, and
I desire to state to the Senate as briefly as 1 can the
objections to the amendment, without going into
any argument on the subject.
The amendment of the Senate-appropriated one
million two hundred thousand dollars to carry into
effect the treaty of 1846, with the two parties of the
Cherokee tribe of Indians, of which the Old Settled
party was to receive about one-half, and six hun-
dred thousand dqjlars were to be given to the Ross
party under the 8th and 9th articles of the treaty.
The 11th article of the treaty of 1846 submitted to
the arbitrament of the Senate whether these Chera
okees were-entitled to a further allowance upon a
claim to be paid out of the treasury, the amount to
be paid for the subsistence of th« Indians after they
removed west. The Senate has never decided the
question. The House in their amendment make
it a condition of this appropriation of twelve hun-
dred thousand dollars that it shall be the final set-
tlement of all the questions, embracing the question
to be decided under the stipulations of the treaty
by the Senate alone, not subject to national legis-
lation. I am not aware that any very serious ob-
jection will be interposed by the delegation of the
Cherokees to this provision of the bill. It cannot
be disguised, however, that it would seem to them
that they had been forced into the settlement, and
it would be made a ground for a claim against the
United States hereafter. I merely make this state-
ment to the Senate, that they may determine for
themselves whether they will recede fiom the en-
tire amendment, as proposed by the Senator from ,
New Hampshire, or whether they will adopt the
amendment of the House. For myself, I am very
indifferent as to which course shall be taken.
There is another provision, however, in the .
amendment of the House, which I think deserves
a moment's consideration by the Senate. Many
gentlemen, more conversant with the true condi-
tion of the treasury than I am, think it is expe-
dient that, in this or some other bill, a provision
should be made for the contingent issue of some
four or five millions of dollars in treasury notes,
with power to be exercised, when it shall become
necessary to exercise it by reason of the deficiency
in the treasury, in order to carry on the Govern-
ment and to sustain the public credit. I am aware
that the Finance Committee of the Senate are
averse to the plan; but the Committee of Ways
and Means in the House, and indeed a majority
of the House, and a number of gentlemen here
who have turned their attention to this subject
more than I have, are of opinion that-it is neces-
sary to make this contingent provision. They"1
come to this conclusion upon the ground that the
appropriations which have been, and will be made,
will probably exhaust the funds from the treasury,
as there is likely to be a large falling off in the re-
ceipts from public lands, as well as in the receipts
from customs. My opinion is, that we cannot
place perfect reliance upon the estimates of gen tie-
men on either side; but the question is, whether,
as the appropriations are likely to exhaust the
treasury, we had not better supply the deficiency
by treasury notes. This is no favorite scheme of
mine. It has been adopted "heretofore, for some
eight or ten years; and it is for the Senate to say
whether they will adopt it in this case.
