1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
Now, one word more as to incongruity. This
is an Indian appropriation bill. I dislike the term
incongruous; for I find it is a very convenient ob-
jection when gentlemen are opposed to a propo3i-
tion, but, when they are pleased with it, it is no
objection at all. I believe, however, the objection
is neither formidable nor insuperable. 1 make
this remark, because this objection, as far as I can
- gather, will be applied; and I think we shall act
very unwisely not to make some, provision of this
kind, in the event that it may become necessary.
I shall not be_pertinacious m regard to any course
the Senate shall think proper tojpursue in regard
' to this whole amendment. I thin™ the amendment
- of the House objectionable; but the objection may
, be got over by those who think that the provision
. ought to be made. And it is certainly time that a
portion of the treaty should be carried into effect.
' The Senate may decide the matter as they think
proper.
The motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to recede from the Senate amendment was
agreed to. -
JAMES NORRIS AND MINESOTA TERRITORY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill from
the House for the relief of James JMorris; which
was read twice by unanimous consent, and con-
sidered as in Committee of-the Whole.
Mr. WALKER stated that no appropriation
had been made to carry into effect the bill estab-
lishing the territorial government of Mmesota, and
moved to amend the bill under consideration by
the addition of an appropriation for the object sug-
gested by him; which was agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, the
amendment was concurred in, the bill ordered to
a third reading, read a third time and passed.
On motion, the title of the bill was amended so
. as to be " A bill for the reUef of James Korris and
""for other purposes."
MARY RENNER.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the bill for the relief of Mary Renner.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am astonished, sir,
that this bill should be again brought up. The
Committee of Claims was equally divided.
The evidence showed that the woman was not
entitled to one cent. She is not the administratrix
of her husband's estate. If the money is to go
anywhere, it should go to the administrator, in
order to pay the debts of the deceased, for I am
told he died perfectly insolvent. And here we
have a bill—contrary to the opinion of the com-
mittee—in favor of a person who is riot entitled to
receive one cent of the money, and a bill, too, that
has already been rejected. I move again to lay
it upon the table.
The motion was agreed to. -
- REGISTRY OF VESSELS.
The bill from the House for recording the con-
veyance of vessels and for other purposes was
read the first and second time by unanimous con-
Bent and-considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. Theobjectof
the bill is to extend the provisions of the law in
relation to vessels navigating the James river.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is certainly a very import-
ant bill, and one which will have an important
bearing upon the navigation laws of the United
States. I regret that we have not more time to
consider its provisions. I have great respect for
the opinions of my colleague on this silbject; but
we have got along very well with the existing laws
for many years, and I think they should not be
changed until there is an imperious necessity forit.
Mr. WESTCOTT. My opinion is, that the
bill is a palpable violation of the Constitution. I
will ask the Senator if it has not been decided over
and over again that Congress has no power under
the Constit"ution to prescribe the mode of transfer
of property in vessels ? This bill proposes to affect
such property.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not feel that there are any
constitutional difficulties. But if my colleague and
others are not satisfied, 1 certainly will not press
the bill. The object is to prevent frauds by re-
quiring transfers to be recorded. The proper
reservations are contained in the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. It appears to me that, however
proper it may be to guard against frauds in the
transfer of vessels, we can pass no other law on
the subject than such as relates to the transfer of
property belonging to the United States, and that
such law will be amply sufficient. .This Qovern-
ment has never before, I believe, undertaken to do
what this bill proposes. There may be great per-
i sonal inconvenience attending it too. It appears
' that the record must be deposited in the office of
. -the collector of customs. People will have no op-
portunity of ascertaining transfers of property with-
i out traveling a great distance; and it will be many
! years before this law will become known. At all
events it is a new thing, and we have not time to
examine it.
Mr. DAVIS. I am very sure that' if we had
time to give the subject examination, it would be
, found that none of the objections have any foun-
dation. But 1 said that I would not embarrass the
Senate; and I will, therefore, ask that the bill be
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. FITZGERALD presented the credentials
of the Hon. Lewis Cass, chosen a Senator, by the
Senate and House of Representatives of the State
of Michigan, to fill the vacancy occasioned by his
own resignation, which were read; and, the oath
prescribed by law having been administered to him
at the hands of the President of the Senate, he took
his seat in the Senate.
TREATY WITH MEXICO.
Mr. HANNEGA.N, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to which were referred the
I amendments of the House of Representatives to the
Senate bill to carry into effect certain stipulations
of the treaty between the United States of America
and the Republic of Mexico, of the 2d day of Feb-
ruary, 1848, reported ihereon.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
said amendments, and concurred therein.
BRANCH MINT AT NEW YORK.
On motion of Mr. D1X, the bill from the House
to establish a branch mint of the United States m
the city of New York, was read a first and second
time by unanimous consent, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
No amendment having been offered, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third read-
ing. '
On motion that it be now read a third time, it
was objected to as being against the rule. The bill
was therefore lost for want of time.
JB1LLS PASSED.
The Senate continued the consideration of bills
as they came from the House and those on the
calendar, and the following were passed through
their final stages, their object and provisions being
explained briefly in their progress:
The bill from the House to settle the title to cer-
tain tracts of land in the State of Arkansas;
The bill from the House to extend the provis-
ions of all laws now in force relating to the car-
riage of passengers in merchant vessels, and the
regulation thereof;
The bill from the House for the relief of Daniel
Wilson;
The bill from the House for the relief of Charles
McLane, of Missouri;
The bill from the House for the relief of Andrew j
Flanagan; • |
The bill from the House for the relief of John I
Savage; "
The bill from the House for the relief of Lowry i
Williams; _ j
The bill from the House for the relief of Charles J
Benns; j
The joint resolution from the House' for the re- j
lief of (ieoige R. Smith; i
The House bill for the relief of Mary Buck; |
The House bill for the relief of William P. j
Gouge; ;
The House bill for the relief of John Campbell; [
The House bill for the relief of William H. \
\ \ Wilson; I
i! The House bill for the relief of John A.Young,
Ij a commander in the navy of the United States;
' I The House bill for the relief of Amelia Couvil-
j1 lion, of Louisiana;
' I The House bill for the relief of James Fugate;
The House bill for the relief of Polly Aldrich;
The House b«l for the relief of John W. Hocket;
The House bill for the relief of H. Carrington,
executor of Pauline Legrand, deceased;
The bill from the House for the relief of Peter
Shaffer;
The bill from the House for the relief of Thomas
H. Noble;
The bill from the House for the relief of Ere ■
Boergs;
The bill from theHouseforthe relief of Hervey
Jones;
The bill from the House for the relief of Noah
A. Phelps; v
The bill from the House for thg relief of the
legal representatives of Captain George R. Shoe-
maker;, '
The bill from the House for the relief of Jesse
Washington Jackson;
The bill from the House for the relief of Satterlee
Clarke;
The bill from the House for the relief of Daniel
Robinson'; the Senate bill for the relief of Alexan-
der Montgomery, captain and assistant quarter-
master of the army;
The resolution from the House for the purchase
of copies <9f the General Navy Register and Laws.
LAID ON THE TABLE.
The following bills were considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and, onmotion, wereordered
to lie on the table: ( '
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Reefsnyder;
The bill from the House for the relief of Mary
W. Thompson.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. ATHERTON,
Ordered, That John Whitman have leave to withdraw his
petition sind papers.
On motion of Mr. CAMERON,
Ordered, That Richard Cochran havf leave -to withdraw
his petition and papers.
Mr. CLARKE asked leave to withdraw the
papers in the case of John Baldwin.
Mr. TURNEY. I would like to know the
Senator's reasons for withdrawing1 these papers,
Papers are sometimes withdrawn in order to ab-
stract that portion of the testimony which defeats
the claim, and they are then presented again, and
the claim is allowed.
Mr. CLARKE. These papers were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. The purpose
of withdrawing them is to give them a different
reference.
Mr. TURNEY. I am informed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs that there
was an adverse report; and, unless some good and
sufficient reason is assigned for withdrawing them,
1 shall insist that the application be refused.
The question being put, on a division, the ayes
were 12, noes 15—no quorum voting.
Mr. WEBSTER. A single word, sir, on a
subjcct which has occupied the attention of the
Senate some yeais ago to some extent. There
is, undoubtedly, a great inconvenience, and, as X
think, a great impropriety, in extending an indis-
criminate privilege tcx applicants to Congress whose
applications have not been favorably received to
withdraw their papers in order to m.ike a new-
case. I have known cases that have been de-
cided over and over again brought forward session
after session, decided upon adversely year after
year, for twenty fenrsT and still renewed. And
when you consider that, ail this proceeding is ex
parte, there is great security .in having the original
papers in the possession of the Senate. Let the
papers remain, and if he wishes anything added,
let him supply it. My worthy friend from Rhode
Island can, perhaps, state some particular reason
for the withdrawal; but, if not, let these papers
remain, and if the party have more testimony to
offer, let him bring it forward.
Mr. CLARKE. I understand that the origin of
this claim was a contract between the petitioner,
John Baldwin, and the Government of the United
States, for furnishing supplies to the United States
Army. The Government relieved him from his
obligation without making him sufficient compen-
sation*, and he wishes to withdraw his papeis so
as to bring an action to recover his dues. I hope
that leave will be granted.
The motion was agreed to.
ELIZABETH S. COBB.
The Senate proceeded, on motion of Mr. HOUS-
TON, to consider as in Committee of the Whole
the%iil from the House for the relief of Elizabeth
S. Cobb.
The report of the committee was read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This is the earns bill
