THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
that wflsnbjeeied to upon a farmer discussion of it
and laid upon the table, and now it comes up again-
just like theeiatms referred to by the Senator from
Massachusetts.
M r. .TO H NSO N, of Louisia na. I thi nk the hon-
orable Senator must be mistaken in supposing that
this bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. HALE. It was laid upon the table op the
suggestion of tfte gentleman from Florida, I believe,
in order that the Senate might proceed with bills
which give pise-to no discussion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Allow me to explain. When
the vote was about to be taken, it was ascertained
' f that there-was not a quorum presfeot, and in conse-
quence of that, the bill remained without further
action.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not object further
than ,1 have stated, if the Senate undertake to
sanction the practiceofdecidmgand redeciding upon
bills, they may as well do it now as any other time.
The report states that the applicant was a sufferer
from paralysis a good many years before his death
. in consequence of injuries received while in service.
The facts are not, 1 think, sufficient to justify the
conclusion to which thecommittee have come; but
my objection is, that it is establishing a principle
that is objectionable.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana. Thecommittee
have examined the whole of the evidence, and they
believe that the cewse comes within the principle
upon which bills are passed every day. The law
provides for cases where a man by exposure m
the service sustains injury.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is true that Major Cobb
did not fall in battle; perhaps it would have been
better for him and his family if he had fallen; not
that it would have been more honorable, but it
might have been considered more meritorious. I
have known him for thirty-five years—we were
subalterns together. lie was an officer who was
always to be found at his post, and for thirty odd
years he never ask^d or obtained a furlough from
the Government. He was faithful, and herifee im-
portant trusts were confided to him. Hedischarged
duties upon the frontier for which he never received
adequate compensation. In the performance of
these extraordinary duties he contracted the dis-
ease which finally carried him to the tomb. It was
lingering and painful, expensive and onerous to
his family, but still he bore it with patience and
fortitude. He believed the country which he served
so faithfully would nOt'be unmindful of those he
left—ihe widow and the orphan. I grant the ex-
isting provisions of law do not cover this case; but
is it supposed that, because he does not come within
the provisions of the law, he has no claim upon
this Government in justice and equity? Out of a
hundred cases of claims that have passed within
the last few days, there has not been one more
equitable than (his. The justice of the claim im-
pressed the House—certainly not more charitable
than the Senate—with the conviction that this
widow Was entitled to a pension, and hence the
unanimity with which the bill was passed. Under
these circumstances, this case has been brought
forward. I am not its especial guardian, but there
are some circumstances connected with its history
in former times that have elicited from me the feel-
ings that I have ventured to express on this occa-
sion. And I do trust that, as an act of justice, and
of sheer justice, the bill will pass.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
subsequently read a third time and passed.
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEES'. -
On motion by Mr. BELL,
Ordered, That thf Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
cii-uiT' d irom aft subjects referred to the committee and not
repoitcd on.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, „
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
chargerf from ail sui'jecis leterred to stud committee and nut
repotted on.
On motion by Mr. DIX,
0>d"rpd, That thf Committee on Commerce b* discharged
fiom the f'mttier eoiiHiJeratiun of all subjects iefened to the
committee and not repojted on.
* On motion by tyfr. BRIGHT,
Ordered, That the Commitu e on Revolutionary Claims be
dis-char^ri f'tom the subjects referred to the committee and
not leporud on. ^
On motion by Mr. HANNEGAN,
Ordered, Timt the Committee on Foreign Relations be
diseharjed trom the further etmsiderauon of alh subjects
to tfie committee tyid oot reported on.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS. |
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, thg
Senate then proceeded to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business; and, after some time so engaged,
the doors were reopened, and legislative business
was continued.
HOUR OF ADJOURNMENT.
The doors were opened at a quarter before twelve
o'clock, and bills for the relief of Robert Ramsay
and John W. Stockton were considered and
Mr. CAMERON moved that the Senate take up
for considerations bill for the relief of a person
\£hose name was not distinctly heard.
Mr. BADGER. It has-been rejected once.
The question being put, upon a division, there
were 12 ayes, 7 noes; no quorum voting.
Mr. BRIGHT. Sir, there are strong objections
to this bill, about which the Senator from Penn-
sylvania ia so anxious, as is manifested by his
calling it up after it has been disposed of.
Mr. CAMERON. The honorable Senator has
incorrectly stated, and I doubt not unintentionally,
that this bill has been rejected. It was up, and
was laid on the table, on motion of my friend from
North Carolina, in good-humored haste, without
any opposition to the bill at all. It is for a pension
to be allowed to a man who served in the war of
1812, and who contracted a disease while irr the
service during that war which rendered him inca-
pable of earning his living ever since. It has passed -
the House of Representatives, and there would not
have been a single word of objection raised against
ifr, had it not been for the fact that I had unfortu-
nately an objection to another bill which the Sen-
ator from North Carolina had in charge. The
question being again taken, there was no quorum
voting.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I will inquire whether the
hour has notarrived when Congress mustadjourn ?
PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a question
for the Senate to determine.
Mr. HALE. Can any question be entertained
when there is no quorum?
Mr. WEBSTER. We are in a position, sir,
that is somewhat peculiar. It behooves us to turn
our attention from these small matters of justice to
individuals, which may be dispatched, I hope, at
another time, and consider the position in which
the Senate of the United States is placed at a very
late hour of the last day of the session, when im-
portant bills connected with the continuance of the
administration of the Government, which for sixty
years have never failed to be passed in time to carry
on the Government, are now in some degree of
jeopardy. _ I wish only to say, sir, that, after much
consideration of the subject, without the least doubt
or hesitation, I am of opinion that the session of
this House which commenced on this third day of
March, until we vote upon the appropriation bills,
must continue without regard to clocks. The legis-
lative day is the day of sitting, and when the ses-
sion terminates, by the vote of the members, the
third of March terminates legislatively. Sir, 1 beg
p'ardon for alluding to these things, but I wish to
suggest to the Senate that we are at a crisis of some
importance.
Mr, FOOTE. I believe every Senator in this
Chamber is aware of the profound deference I en-
tertain for theopinions'of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, but my opinion is, sir, that as sensible
men we are bound to ascertain the progress of the
time.
A message was here received from the President
of the Urhted States; and, on motion of Mr. Yulee,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business, and, after some time spent therein,
the doors were again opened.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives announcing that said House had con-
curred in the 53d amendment of the Senate to the bill
making ^appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1850, with an amendment, in which they
asked the concurrence of the Senate; and that they
had receded from their disagreement to the other
amendments of the Senate.
The 53d amendment referred to was the provis-
ion relative to a government for California.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amendment
of the House of Representatives, (which is printed
in a following: column.)
Mr. WEBSTER moved that the Senate concur:
and upon that question he asked the yeas and
nays. \
Mr. HUNTER moved that the Senate adhere
to their amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. 1 am not prepared to say which
of the motions has precedence. But as each in-
volves the same merits, I beg leave to address the
Senate.
Mr. WEBSTER. Let the vote be taken.
Mr. DICKINSON. If you go into adebate now,
you will lose the whole bill.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President  •
Mr. FOOTE. I am still in possession of the
floor. I have own judgment in regard.to this
matter. It is a feeble one, I admit; it is the judg-
ment of an inexperienced man—of a man who en-
tertains a deference for the opinions of others. But
it is my own; and beingone of those human crea-
tures responsible, as he feels,' for his conduct to
his conscience, to God, and to mankind, I feel
bound to'state my opinions, such as they are. Sir,
the amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
is, as I stated the other day, a mere nullity.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Several Senators. Let the amendment be
read.
Mr. FOOTE. I am willing that it should be
read again for the satisfaction of Senators, provi-
ded I shall have the floor for the purpose of com-
menting' on it afterwards.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. "BERRIEN. I pray that order maybe pre-
served. Here is an important question; a question
involving great interests; and I hope the Senate
will proceed deliberately.
Mr. FOOTE. I believe I have the floor. Mr.
Piesident, I remarked, in reference to the amend-
ment of tjie Senator from Massachusetts a few
days ago, (I did so wirh perfect honesty; I did
so upon a thorough investigation of that amend-
ment,) that I believed itamounted to nothing, except
it be to that which is utterly mischievous. And
I think that I am prepared to demonstrate' this,
humble as my powers are, again and again.^Why
should we propose—unless we are prepared to
make ourselves ridiculous before the civilized world
—why should we, I say, propose to take military
possession of California?
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him one moment? Iswish to make a mo-
tion, to which his remarks may be addressed. I
move to-amend by striking out the second section
of the amendment, which provides that until the
4th of July, 1850, unless Congress shall sooner
provide, the existing laws i.n Mexico shall con-
tinue in force. '
Mr. WEBSTER. The question before the Sen-
ate is upon the motion to concur in the report of
the Committee of Conference; and no other ques-
tion can take precedence of it.
Mr. WESTCOTT. I rise to a question of or-
der. I find from the Manual that the order in
which m-otions are to be put is this: first, to agree;
secondly, to disagree. But any member has a
right to make such motion as may tend to make
the amendment more perfect, before taking tho
vote upon agreement or disagreement.
Mr. MASON. I so understand it. I do not
profess to be conversant with parliamentary law.
But 1 take it for granted that we have a right to
improve the amendment.
Mr. WEBSTER. May I address the Senate
on the point of order? 1 say, sir, that the only
question that can now be taken—but I shall not
proceed unless I can obtain the attention of the
Senate.
Mr. BALDWIN. I hope that order will be
preserved, so that we can hear what is said.
Mr. WEBSTER. The Senate has made an
amendment to the bill from the Hou3e. The
House has amended our amendment. There can.
be no amendment to an amendment to an amend-
ment; or, in other words, there can be no amend-
ment in the third degree. Now, the only question
is, to agree to or concur ir* the amendment of the
House to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Mississippi
is entitled to the floor. When a Senator is called
to order, there can be no debate .until the point of
order is decided.
Mr. WEBSTER. Are you quite sure of that?
Mr. HUNTER. Why, certainly. It is to be
decided without debate.
