1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ftLOBE.
685
times Solon was called upon and authorized by the
Athenians to ordain a system of laws. Well, sir,
he made a system of laws. He arranged all his
ordinances, or statutes, or whatever they may be
called, and it so happened that a celebrated indi-
vidual—an individual now celebrated, though a
barbarian, happened to come from ttye Thracian
region, and he called upon him to know if he liked
his system of law.s. The answer of the barbarian
wasi " Why, my opinion is, that your laws are
4 likea spider's web, well calculated to ensnare the
4 feeble and sickly flies, but the hornets and moths
* will break through with impunity." So itis heie.
■fhese laws of Mexico, what are they ? Why,
they are such as may prove exceedingly destruct-
ive to our people who go out'there, to our adven-
turers who go out theie; but, sir, the magnates
will break tfirough them, and exercise any mode
of injustice that they choose to exercise. I must
say, I cannot close my remarks without a solemn,
, serious, and ptofound piotest against an adoption
of the lafrs of Mexico, without any man pronoun-
cing what they are. I want light on the subject,
and I undertake to assert again and again, that no
man in the Senate does understand what will be
the effect of the adoption of the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts, (and he does not ex-
plain it,) by which we are called upon to adopt the
laws of Mexico, that are m force in California.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 now move that
the Senate disagree to theamendmemof theHouse;
and I add to it another motion, that the Seriate ap-
point a Committee of Conference; and I will state
why I make these motions. It is in order that
the whole subject, relating to California, may be
stricken out; and that, at this last moment of the
session, we may proceed to pass the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the last of all propo-
sitions that I can consent to. I would rather see
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill fail, than
to see the proposition for a government for Califor-
nia fail. Between the two evils, it does not take
me an instant to choose which 1 would prefer. I
have supported every form of bill on which we have
been able to vote, in order to give a government to
, California. I am prepared to do it yet, so far as
1 can do it, consistently with the principles which
I hold to be essential. But 1 cannot consent now
to abandon the whole thing; to leave the people of
California without a government, merely for the
sake of getting a little money for our own office-
holders. And, sir, tor what shall the people of
California be thrown off? For what shall they be
" exposed toall the hoirois of anarch y'and of blood-
shed,'of murder and of rapine? For what, sir?
Merely because there is a technical difference be-
tween the amendment of the House and that of the
Senate. I, sir, am for concmiing. Let us clinch
the nail while we can. What is the difference
between the two propositions? There is not a
shadow of difference; not a particle of substantial
difference. There is not a lawyer m the Senate-
who can show that theie is a particle of legal differ-
ence. It is simply a quarrel between the Senate's
amendment and the amendment of the House;
it is merely a controversy for triumph. Yes, sir,
the Senate's amendment does continue the existing
laws of the Tet riiory. And the Supreme Court has
decided the question' 
Mr. FOO i'E. The Senator is mistaken; the
Supreme Couit has not decided the question.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That the eating laws of a
' conquered or ceded country rerntWi in force until
repealed by the authority of the conquering or ac-
jquiring country. And, as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says, no man ever doubted the legal
proposition. Sir, the bill that we all voted tor
went on the same principle. It left the existing
laws m fotce, and left to the people the right to
legislate on the subject of slavery. The Senate
amendment left the existing laws in force. It de-
clared that they should continue In force. And ;
herein consists the difference between it and the j
House amendment, which merely declares the legal i
construction, that the existing laws continue in <
force without special enactment for that purpose. ;
That is the only difference between the two prop- !
ositions. I have bt:en trying ever since these prop- 1
ositions Ccune before us, to ascertain it there is any j
difference in point of law between them. I was j
"willing to adhere to the Senate amendment, if I !
believed there was any reasonable chance of pro- j
curing the passage of the bill, and thereby giving [j
a government to California. But, sir, when I see
the proposition made here deliberately, as has been
done by the Senator from Mississippi, to abandon
the people of California, and to subject them to
the horrors of anarchy, I can never give it my
sanction. The-Senator proposes to abandon them;
and for what'' That your officeholder! may ob-
tain their salaries. So long as they can obtain
their salaries, you care not if the people of Cali-
fornia are exposed to be plundered and murdered.
Sir, if either are to be abandoned, let your office-
holders be abandoned.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am sure the
Senator from Illinois does not wish to misrepresent
me; therefore I take it for granted he has misun-
derstood my purpose. Sir, my purpose was to do
that which it was m our power to perfoim, instead
of wasting the last moments of the session m at-
tempting to do that which we cannot accomplish.
And, as to the bloodshed, murder, and robbery, I
tell the Senator that California is filling with Amer-
ican citizens, who carry, with them their protection
wherever they go. The elements of government
are formed in the breast of every American citizen.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot say I am gfad to
hear the explanation of the Senator fro^n Missis-
sippi, for the explanation goes to show that the
people of California are to be abandoned. He
argues that they are capable of taking care of them-
selves, and that they need no aid fiom the Govern-
ment. He ought to have made that argument
against the proposition of the Senate. It is an
argument against a territorial bill. It is an argu-
ment against all legislation. For that reason it is
that I am alarmed, lest the people of California
shall be abandoned, and no law provided for their
protection.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to offer an amendment,
which perhaps will enable us to compromise this
difficulty. If, in the second section, we adopt,
after "the existing laws," the words, "so far as
may be consistent with the Constitution of the
United States," so as to enact the existing laws
only to that extent, I think it probable that we
shall all agree. As I understand, the Senator from
Massachusetts and other Senators here wish to
compromise on the principle of leaving this great
question^undecided, or of leaving it, if it has to be
decided, to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. W EBSTER. I hope the Senator will allow
me to interrupt hfm. 1 feel an intense.desire that
this debate shall be terminated. And I put it to
the candor of gentlemen whether it is worth while
to send the bill back to the House at this hour of
the night for such a purpose, when there U in the
bill itself a provision that the Constitution of the
United States is to be extended to the Territory ?
There is this provision in the amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin, although I do not think
such a provision at all necessary; for, if the Con-
stitution of the United States goes there, it goes, as
has been argued on ail sides of the Senate, as the
supreme law of the land. Of course everybody
knows that the laws of a conquered country exist
until the laws of the conquering country are estab-
lished. Now, I put it to the Senator fion\Virgima
whether it is worth while to send back this bill for
the' purpose of making a provision which is wholly
nugatory?
Mr; HUNTER. I have no desire to prolong
the debate. My most earnest desire is that the
difficulty shall be adjusted. The Senator from
Massachusetts says/that according to his consti ac-
tion of the amendment, it does extend the Consti-
tution of the United States to the Territory. 1 do
not rise for the purpose of arguing the matter; but
there are gentlemen on this side who doubt the
correctness of that construction. They believe it
is an enactment of all the Mexican laws, without
restriction or modification. Well, now, if the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is willing that only so
much of the Mexican laws as aie consistent with
the Constitution and laws of this country shall be
adopted, why not agree to this amendment?
Mr. WEBSTER. I am unwilling that the bill
should be sent back to the House, if the gentle-
man is willing to run the risk of losing the bill,
let him take it on his responsibility.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to take the re-
sponsibility. If we agree to the amendment, I
have no doubt the House will agree to it, and
especially if the Senator from Massachusetts is
right in his construction of the amendment. If
our object is compromise, and we do not desire to
give an undue advantage—and f say it in all sin-
cerity; for I am willing to compromise on this
basis—leave the question to itself;, leave it unde-
cided ; and, if it be brought up, let it be decided by
the Supreme Court of the United States. .Now, I
ask if this is not fair? I am willing to do this, and
I understand that the Senator from Massachusetts
is also willing.
Mr. WEBSTER. I mean to say, that if there
is anything that we can say or do to make the
Constitution of the United States the paramount
law of California, it is already done in the amend-
ment of the Senator £rom Wisconsin. I say I
would not take the risk of making an amendment
which will render it necessary to send the bill back
to the House, because I think it is a mere meta-
physical abstraction upon which we are urged to
act; and I say, fuither, that I cannot keep it out
of sight that we have here in the Senate under-
taken, upon an ordinary appropriation bill, to in-
graft provisions for a government for California.
But I am interrupting the Senator.
Mr. HUNTER. In relation to the matters
embraced in the amendment, I have only to say
that I had no share in bringing it forward; I knew
nothing of it, and should not have brought it for-
ward, inasmuch as it touched upon an agitating,
subject,'only that it was incorporated in the bill.
In puisuance of the object which 1 have always
advocated, I am willing now to compromise the
question upon what I believe to be a fair basis,
that is, I am willing to compromise it on the ground
that we leave this question of difference undecided,
so far as our own legislation goes.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is undecided now.
Mr. HUNGER, The Senator from Massachu-
-setts says it is undecided now. Well, if he be-
lieves so, why notintroduce the amendment, which
will test the question on this side of the Chamber
as well as op that? Sir, I seek no advantage over
the North, and I am sure they do not wish to ob-
tain any advantage over us. The Senator says he
would not endanger the bill by sending it to the
House. 1 do not believe it will endanger it. I
believe the House will take the same view that the
Senator from Massachusetts does; and, if so, they
will adopt the amendment. But, if it will endan-
ger the passage of the bill, it can only be on the
ground that the House mean to reenact the Mex-
ican law, which excludes slavery; and, if it does
reenact that law, I would be willing lo lose the bill
sooner than agree to^it. Yes, I will take the re-
sponsibility of losing the bill, so far as my vote is
concerned, and giving occasion for an extra session
of Congress, sooner than any law which prohibits
slavery in California shall be adopted. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts says that the understand-
ing in all quarters is, that the existing laws m that
Territory will remain in force until we supersede
them. Then why not say they shall be in force so
far as not inconsistent with the Constitution? I
do not rise here for the purpose of arguing the
question. My object is compromise; rpy desire is
to settle the difficulty. And I think it would be
the part of wisdorw if gentlemen on the other side
would agree to this amendment. If they will not
agree to it, I cannot vote for the original amend-
ment, and shall not vote for it, whatever may be
the consequences—whether we lose the bill and
give occasion for a called session or not.
Sir, I know something of the country which 1
represent; and I, for one, taking the proposition
| that I have made to be a reasonable basis of com-
j promise, shall adhere to it, with the full conviction
I that 1 shall be sustained by those whom I repre-
I sent. Sir, I am sure I cannot be mistaken sbout
I the propriety and justice of the proposition which
!'l have presented; nor can I be mistaken as to the
1 pnnciple which should govern our action on this
i subject.
i Mr. WESTCOTT. I am not in favor of the
; amendment which has been adopted by the House,
| nor will the pioposed amendment by the Senator
from Virginia at all reconcile me to it; and, if it is
adopted by the Senate, it will not induce me to
. acquiesce in what is represented as a compromise,
j If i am incorrect in what I now state, I request Sen-
! ators who are in favorof theamendment to correct
; me. Sir, the primary objection which will exist,
; as well after the proposition of the Senator from
I Virginia is adopted as now, is this: there is no
| provision m the amendment that has been adopted
| by the House extending to California and New
[ Mexico the revenue laws of this country, the land
