1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m*
[Other words were uttered by both the Senators
from Pennsylvania and Mississippi, and some-
thing approaching a personal collision occurred.]
Mr. BERRIEN. I have not occupied the time
of the Senate beyond what was necessary to ex-
plain my amendment very briefly.
Mr. HANNEGAN. Will the Senator pardon
me? I trust the words uscorn and contempt"
were not directed towards me.
Mr. BERRIEN. Most certainly I did not refer
to the Senator from Indiana. I have stated that I
have not the least disposition to detain the Senate.
But I mean, when engaged m the respectful exer-
cise of my right to address the Senate, not to be
interrupted. I mean that the right shall be ac-
corded to me. I have said that my object in making
the proposition is to prevent, by express enactment,
the continuance of the Mexican laws. I have said
that if gentlemen are sincere in the opinions which
they profess, th.s provision is a work of superer-
ogation. If they believe that by force of interna-
tional law the laws of Mexico will be continued
in force, there is no occasion for the enactment
which is contained in this amendment. They will
then leave the question open whether the laws are
of such a character that they will continue, or
•whether they are of such a character that they
must bend to the controlling laws of the conquer-
ing country. I submit the amendment, and ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BUTLER. I am satisfied now of the pro-
priety of the opinion which I first entertained. An
amendment of this kind ought not -to have been,
incorporated in the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill. I am entirely satisfied of that. I said
so then; and I am the more convinced of it now.
And whilst-we are professing a tender regard for
California, I hope we shall not forget a proper
respect for ourselves. And I suppose such a thing
has never occurred in the history of the Govern-
ment as an adjournment of Congress without pass-
ing the bills for appropriating the neceasaiy means
for carrying on the Government.
Mr. FOOTE. Will the Senator allow me? Does
he say that there i3 any law which forbids the ad-
journment of Congress without passing the appro-
priation bills?
Mr. BUTLER. I know of no constitutional
inhibition. But I know there ought to be a regard
for constitutional or parliamentary propriety, at
least, sufficient to prevent us from doing so. And,
while I am willing to vote for the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin—though j am some-
what astonished, I confess, to see that proposition
superseded in the process which this matter has
undergone—I cannot understand why it is that
gentlemen should be so averse to extending the
Constitution of the United States over our con-
quered Territories.
There lias been a sensibility manifested that is'
truly astonishing. But when the Senator from
Massachusetts offered his amendment, and it was
adopted in place of the amendment of the Senator
from Wisconsin—although I would not have of-
fered the amendment originally—yet that amend-
ment having been amended, and to all intents and
purposes superseded, I never will consent, I would
lose the whole appropriation bill sooner than con-
sent to the proposition of the House. But, at the
same time, under the obligations of the Constitu-
tion, I cannot consent, notwithstanding the anx-•
ious solicitude which has been expressed for Cali-
fornia, to forget the regard that is cjue- to the older
portions of the United States. It seems to me
there is an overweening; anxiety, to the disregard
of the ordinary provisions for carrying on the
Government of the United States, to take care of
California. I am perfectly wilhng to strike from
the appropi latton bill everything except that which
is congruous. But if the Senator, and those who
rally under his banner, insist upon the provision
for California, I would lose the appropriation bill
before I would consent to yield to the amendment
of the House, for we have made eveiy overture
that can be expected from honorable men. We
have agreed upon a proposition to give a govern-
ment to California; but they have interposed a
proposition with a disguise, and I use the word
significantly. Why offer it, if it is of the same
import? I, for one, would strike the whole out,
or stand here and lose the appropriation bill.
But as long as I act under the Constitution of the
United States, I cannot disregard my duty so far
as to jeopard the bill, and I am, therefore, willing
to strike out all that relates to California, for I am
under a solemn obligation to provide for the main-
tenance of the Government-of the United States.
[Cries of " (Question ! question !''] I am going to
detain the Senate just as long as I please. 1 shall
speak my speech out. I am willing to do my duty,
as far as I can, in accommodating myself to the
sentiments of other gentlemen who will enter
upon this subject in a spirit of compromise. But
if they make an issue, 1 am willing, sir, to stand
by that issue; and I now say 1 am willing to vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Virginia,
to strike out all that relates to California.
M,r. YULEE. It is well to know what we may
do, in order to determine what we will do. .Now,
I apprehend that we must either agree to the
amendment of the House, or we must agiee to it
with an amendment, in whatever form it may be
proposed. But we cannot, it appears to me, recede
now from our amendment.
"""■ Mr. FOOTE. Never, never!
Mr. YULEE. It has passed from our power
to recede, as I comprehend the rule that governs
our proceedings. Sir, I will read a single sentence
from the Manual, which will determine the point:
" Nor where one House has adhered to their amendment,
and the other agrees with an amendment, can the lufet
House depart from the ioim which Uitv h.ive fixed by an
adfu-i price."
Now, sir, we have adhered 
Mr. WEBSTER, (in his seat.) No, sir; we
have not.
Mr. YULEE. By our adherence we are fixed;
and we must either now accept the amendment of
the House, or return it with an amendment. That,
sir, is the view that 1 take of what we may do;
and I call upon the Chair to say whether I am not
right? Have we not adhered to our amendment,
and pioposed a conference?
PRESIDING OFFICER. There has been no
such motion.
Mr. YULEE. Well, then, I am mistaken.
Mr. WEBSTER. A few words. In the first
place as to the point of oider: l^d-o not see how we
can now strike out that portion of the bill relating
to California. The House having acted upon it,
if anything is to be done, it must be by a committee
of conference. So much for the suggestion of the
Senator from Florida. Then 1 have to say to the
Senator from South Carolina that he is quite mis-
taken if lie supposes that 1 intend to rely on his
support. Far from it. But it will be remembered
here and hereafter—let the issue of this great ques-
tion be whatever it may—that from the hrst 1 have
done what that gentleman did not do, resist the
introduction of the provision relating to California
into this annual appropriation bill.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 resisted it from the beginning.
Mr. FOOTE. Will, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts allow me to state 
Mr. WEBSTER. If the Senator will be brief.
For God's sake be brief.
Mr. FOOTE. The motion is unparliamentary.
Mr. WEBSTER. 1 do not deny that it is un-
parliamentary. But is everything that we do pru-
dent, is everything discreet, is everything worthy
of us!? We hold the destinies of this Republic in
our hands. Parliamentary? No,sir, 1 cannot say it
was parliamentary. I cannot say that if you had
a bill under consideration for abolishing Hogging i
in the navy, you might not introduce an amend-
ment declaring war with Great Britain. But theie i
is a question of prudence. And I s ay, that when ,
we are engaged upon a question of making appio- j
priations for the annual disbursements of this Gov- ,
ernment, it is not usual, it is not wise, it does not j
become us, to introduce a subject so disputatious ■
'as that its further progress may endanger the pas- ;
sage of the measure before us. That is the main •
reason why I voted against the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin. And the only reoson *
why I did not oiler a proposition of my own was, 1
that I thought it would be better not to send the
bill again to the House. I have gone thiough this
fiie, and I will come out of it; and theie will be no <
smoke upon my garments. Let the matter end as !
it will, I have resisted the introduction of this sab- j
ject; but it was foiced upon us. Ft went to the ;
House; and now we ^re reaping the consequences. ;
We cannot now get rid of it. There is no motion, !
that would be m accordance with paihamentary
usage, by which we can strike out altogetherUhat
on which the House have acted. It is out of our
power. We must act upon things as they are.
And these things exist in their present state hy th6
votes of the two Houses. We may amend the
amendment, but we cannot strike it out.
Mr..BUTLER. Let me ask for what
did you offer your amendment?
Mr. WEBSTER. I did not offer one.
Mr. BUTLER. Did you file it, then?
Mr. WEBSTER. I did not offer it at all,
Mr. BUTLER. It certainly has been offered.
Mr. WEBSTER, H was not offered by me, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. Was it offered in the other
House?
Mr. WEBSTER. I have no authority there.
Mr. BUTLER; They speak upon a slight hint
Sometimes.
Mr. WEBSTER. I do not know what may
have been adopted in the other House; I have no
authority there. You will recollect, Mi. Presi-
dent, that I proposed to lay a proposition before -
the Senafe, remarking, that* upon the whole, if the
Senate should come to the conclusion that they
would incorporate a provision for the government'
of California, I prefeired that.
Mr. BUTLER. I believe that is fair.
Mr. W EBSTER. Is not that fair ? It is true,
at all events. I afterwards said, sir, that i should
oppose ail amendments touching California in this
annual appropriation bill. But that was a propo-
sition that I should add to the bill coming from the
other House touching our nesvly acquired Territo-
ries. I will adhere to that declaration; and I leave
the Senate this night to say, whether it was very
ill-timed advice for me, who have been here some
twenty years, to address to the Senate ? And now
a few words for the Senator from Georgia, to whom
I always listen with the greatest pleasure. The
question between him and me is a practical ques-
tion. There is no theory in it. There is no
difference as to fundamental principles. It is a
practical question, which arises here on Sabbath
moaning, the fourth of March. I do not say it is
a great or i-tjpy important question. But it affects
a point upon which the Government has not been
affected during the sixty years of its duration-. It
is whether Congress will withhold the means that
are necessary for carrying on the operations of -
the Government, whether they will withhold the
means necessary for Us preservation. That is the
question. It cannot be blinked, and it shall not,
God willing, and i living. That is the question,
and 1 leave gentlemen to act with the same inde-
pendence with which 1 claim to act myself. 1 shall
stay here until the question is settled.
Now let me say a word upon the proposition of
the Senator from Georgian—a patriotic Senator, a
learned lawyer, a man of talent and character, to
whom I never listened without respect. Well,
what does he say ? He says, and says truly, that, ^
by the law of nations, the laws existing in these
conquered Territories continue to be in force until
the concluding power sees pro per to withdraw them.
Nothing is more clear than that. Everv juriscon--
sultin the world knows that. Well, then, whatdoes
this bill propose to do 5 It proposes, I do not say
unnecessarily, but it proposes to affirm what the
Senator from Georgia says is already the law of
nations. That is ail. Well, will the case stand
differently? It will stand differently in this respect
only, that those laws only will be in foice which
, are not repugnant to the Constitution of the United
! States. I have yielded to the proposition of the
'♦Senator from Wisconsin, so far as to let it have
! what force it could in giving to the people of the
i Territories a continuance of the laws that aheady
exist until we make new ones. But it is admitted
that we mny make a nugatory and unnecessary
affirmance of the law of nations. There .can be no
haim in it, however. It comes now to this prac-
, tical question, at this hour m the morning, on the
fourth of March, whether we shall, with the known
1 difference between the two Houses, send the bill
. back with an amendment which does not alter the
. state of the case at all ? That is the question. It
does not alter the state of the case at all; and no
■j lawyer, least of all so good a lawyer as my honor-
j' able friend from Georgia, can show where it alteis
!! it at all. He says the laws will remain until altered
by our legislation, in obedience to the law of na~
■ tions. Well, I say the affirmance of this law can-
! not be wrong. It may be unneeesstuy. But shall
{ we, on that account, send the bill hack to the
, House of Representatives? 1 speak before giave
! men, sir; I wish to prejudge nothing. And this
i leads to a single remark on another proposition of
