THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
printed
and published at the city of washington,
by blair u
rives.
" 30th Congress,
2d Session. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7, 1849. .
New Series
....No. 44.
Mr. YUL6E. Upon the ground stated by the
Chair. When I made the motion to adjourn sine !
die, the. Chair referred to the rule (which had es- j
eaped my memory) that one branch of Congress j
cannot adjourn, for a period exceeding th-ree days, j
•without the concurrence of the other branch. We
have now a proposition from the House to ad journ, ,
and it is the only tiling upon which we can set. |
Mr. BRIGHT having withdrawn his appeal, ;
the question was putupon the motion of the Senator
from Florida.
, Mr. YULEE asked for the yeas'and nays.
They were not ordered, and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question being put upon the amendment, ;
and the yeas and nays having been ordered—
Mr. BORLAND. I ask to be excused from
voting, for the reasons which have been so clearly
expressed by the Senator from Michigan and the
Senator from Florida.
The yeas and nays being then taken, resulted as
follows:
YEAS—Atchison, BelV Berrien, Butler, Came-
ron. Davis of Mississippi, Dickinson, Downs, Fitzp.itrick,
Fonte, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Georgia, King, Mangum,
Mason. Rusk, Sebastian, Turney, VVesieotr, and Yulee—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Alherton, Baldwin, Bradbuiy, Bright,
Clarke, Corvvin, Davis of Massachusetts, DayLon, iiiv.
Dodge of Iowa, Dougia®, Felcli, Greene, Hale, Hamlin,-
Johnson of Maryland, Jones, Metcalfe, Miller, Niles, Pearce,
Spruance, Underwood, Upham, Wales, Walker, and Web-
ster—27.
So the .amendment was rejected.
Mr. DICKINSON. The Senator from Ohio
did not vote because his constitutional term had
expired.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that the Senate of the
United States do now adjourn. It is nearly four
o'clock.
Mr. HALE asked for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FOOTE. Believing that we have no right
to sit here, [Cries of "Order! order! order!"] I
now claim the privilege of putting in my protest
against any further action of this body.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion of the
Senator is out of order.
Mr. FOOTE. I take an appeal.
Mr. BERRIEN. Does the Chair decide that a
simple motion to adjourn is'out of order?
PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. BERRIEN. It is simply a motion to ad-
journ. -
The PRESIDING OFFICER stated the ques-
tion to be on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HALE again asked for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. FOOTE. I rise to a point of order. It is,
that no member whose term expires at midnight
has a risht to vote.
Mr. WEBSTER. This is very extraordinary.
The call must be allowed to proceed.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from
Mississippi is out of order.
Mr. FOOTE. I announce to the Democratic
members of this Senate that the President of the
United States has gone home.
Mr. WEBSTER. Order! Order!
Mr. FOOTE. Who calls to order after twelve
o'clock' The Senator from Massachusetts is a
constitutional lawyer. He knows that we have
no right to sit here.
Mr. WEBSTER. I call on the Chair to pre-
serve order.
Mr. FOOTE. Let him put his point of order
in writing.
.PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from
Mississippi is out of order.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
as follows:
YE\S-Messrs. Fitzpatriek, Hale, Hunter, Johnson of
Georgia, Mason, Niles, ami Yulee—7.
NAYS—Wessr-. Atchison, Atherton, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Bradbury, Bright, Butler, Cameron, Clarke, Corvvin,
Davis of Massachusetts, Davis o[ Mississippi, Davton,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Greene, Houston, John-
son of Maiyland, Jones, Mangum, Metcalfe, Miller, Peruce,
Rusk, Spruanee, Sturgeon, Underwood, Upham, Wales,
Walker, and Webster—33.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
■ Mr. BRIGHT, We have now reached the point
44
in this matter that I think the Senate has been try-
ing to reach. We have got beyond mere abstract
questions. We are now to decide whether we will
do something, or whether we will do nothing. We
are to decide whether the wheels of the Govern-
ment, for the next twelve months, shall stop, or
shall continue to roll on. If they are to go on, we
must strip this bill of all that is incongruous, and
pass it in the condition in which it ought to he. I
believe the large majority of this body are disposed,
to do this. The effect of receding from our amend-
ment will be to let the amendment incorporated
upon it by the other House fall with it. If the
Senate recede, the difficulty will be ovver, for it
will require no concurrent action upon the part of
the Hpuse to declare this bill a law. I move, there-
fore, that the Senate do now recede from their
amendment. Theeifectof it will be, as I contend,
to strip the bill of everything relating to a gov-
ernment for California.
Mr. WEBSTER. The motion first in order is
to concur in the amendment of the House; and I
aslt whether, if this motion be rejected, we cannot
then vote to recede from our own amendment*
Mr. KING. There can be no question but that
the Senate has power, at this time, to recede from
their amendment to the bill; and, if they do so re-
cede, the amendment of the House falls as a matter
of course, and it strips the bill of the whole matter
relating to California. We have done that very
thing this night, on the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire, in relation to treasury notes.
There can be no doubt about it. The practice has
been uniform. In order that bills may not be de-
feated, one or the other House recedes.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Alabama is
perfectly correct in regard to the parliamentary
law. What'is the effect of our receding- from the
amendment? It will be that the bill, when stripped
of the proposition relating to California, will be-
come a law without being sent back to the other
House.
Mr. WEBSTER. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that that is not the question, and
cannot be. Two or thice hours ago, on the com-
ing in of this question, I moved that the Senate
agree to the amendment of the House". The Pre-
siding Officer decided that that proposition might
be superseded by a 'motion to amend. But no
proposition can now be.in order to recede. We
have got to dispose of the amendment of the House,
and therefore i insist, with as much confidence as
becomes me, that you now put theguestion, Does
the Senate a<rree to the amendment of the House?
Mr. FOOTE. I disagree with the Senator from
Massachusetts, much as I respect his judgment.
Why, how can it be the duty of the Presiding Offi-
cer to put such a question to this body, when this
body is no longer in existence? No man dares
state such a point in writing. The question is plain.
I care not what man chooses, with perjurious
spirit, to violate his oath, I will not do it.
Mr. WESTCOTT. X heard just now, once or
twice, a hiss.
Mr. FOOTE. It does not make the least dif-
ference. If all the hisses of Pandemonium were
sounding in my ears, humble as 1 am, I assert my
own rights; my conscience acquits me, and I am
satisfied. I say, sir, (and I intend to put it in
print—to send it to the furthest corners of the Re-
public—to send it across the Atlantic, where I
never expect to go,) I intend to state that I did
make the proposition this night, four hours after
the constitutional term of the Senate of the United
States had expired, to prevent legislation.- I deny
our right to legislate after midnight; nor can we,
in myjudgment, do so without ^ross impropriety.
With my view of our constitutional duty, I could
not participate in legislation after the midnight
hour on the Sd of March without a violation of
my official oath. I make due allowance for hon-
orable Senators who differ in opinion witn me as
to our right to legislate after the expiration of the
last hour of the 3d of March: as General Jackson
once said, "each high public functionary must
judge for himself as to the constitutionality of all
public measures in the adoption of which he may
be called upon to participate." I pronounce we
are no longer a Senate. I care not who says the
reverse, if he were the most learned jurist in
Christendom; and I.know I am making a legiti-
mate motion^ and one in which the American peo-
ple will sustain me, when I move that, in"any vote
to be taken hereafter, those Senators whose term
of service expired at midnight shall not be per-
mitted to vote. I make that motion, not in the
Senate of the United States, but in this public
assembly—this town meeting; and those will not
blame me seriously for using this plain language
who recollect that Lord Brougham once declared
the British House of Lords a mob, upon much less
provocation. With a view of ascertaining whether
there is any remaining sense of propriety in this
body, I move that those Senators whose terms of
service expired at midnight shall not be allowed to
vote.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to make one effort
to see if we can come to a conclusion; and, if we
cannot, I shall leave, the Chamber. I think the
Senator from Indiana is not sustained by parlia-
mentary law in the motion that he has made.
Here is the law, sir:
B<The regular progrf ?sion in the ease is,that the Com-
mon^ disa^tee to the amendment; the Lords mM^ton ft;
the Commons insist on their disagreement; the Loid? ad-
here to their amendment; the Commons adhere to their
di-;)^re'jmem. The temi of insisting maybe repeated as
often-a^ they choose to keep the question oprn. But the
fir«t adhe1 price hy either rprtders it necessary for the other
feidr to recede or adhere also3 when the in liter is usually
suffered to fall."
Now, Mr. President, what is this amendment?
We amended a bill of the other House, and it is
returned, and for that amendment another propo-
sition is substituted. You cannot, then, by re-
ceding from the original amendment, get clear oP
the new proposition which has been inserted; be-
cause, until the Senate vote upon the new propo-
sition, there is no disagreement; there is nothing
to recede from. You have not ascertained that
there is any division between the two Houses.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The Senator from
Indiana will more readily get to the conclusion he
wishes to arrive at by a sho* t route. We can first
move to recede, and then to disagree.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then one word more,
sir 
Mr. FOOTE. I call my friend to order. I am
entitled to respect. I have made a point of order
in regard to the organic lavr ef this body, and I
am entitled to have it decided.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator will
state his point of order. •
Mr. FOOTE. My point of order is, that the
hour of midnight being past, those Senators whose
terms of office expired on the 4th of March, in the
beginning of the morning, have no right to vote
with us upon the nuesnons pending.
Mr. TURNEY! Now, I propose to inquire
whether this is in order or not. Here is a Presi-
dent to be inaugurated on the 4th of March, at
12 o'clock, and he wiU receive compensation for
that day. But at the end of his term, will he also
receive "compensation for the fourth day of March?
I apprehend that no gentleman can show an in-
stance in which both days have ever been included.
At the very moment that the third day of March
terminated, at that very instant we wee without a
Chie^ Magistrate; aru all the power pertaining to
that oJv'ce fell upon the presiding officer of this
body. Now, I have another question. What has
been the rule, ever since the foundation of tnis
Government, m both Houses of Congress, in re-
gard to the per-niem allowance of members?
Secretary can inform you whether he has ever paid
the inembeis of this* body for the fourth day o.
March. Are we to receive compensation for this
day f"Assuredly not; notwithstanding we are sit-
till? up all night, m consequence of the Presiding
Ofk^r refu&ing to entertam a motion to adjourn
the body. If'Senators cannot rfeceive their per
diem, can they legally enact laws, or do any act?
Where do you find authority for it?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the gentleman al-
low the.point of order to be stated and decided?
Mr. TURNEY. Certainly. ^
