690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. FOOTE read his point of order, which he
had reduced to writing, in obedience to "a requisi-
tion of the Chair, as follows: My point of order
is, that those Senators whose term of office expired
on the third day of March have no right to vote
upon any question now before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland. There is no
point of (>rder made.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair docs not
consider that as a point of order.
Mr. TURNEY. From that decision I appeal;
and I will do so if I to sit here for how long
Heaven only knows.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofMaryland. " Have no right
to vote?" that is no point of order at all. How
does he know that they purpose to vote ?
Mr. TURNEY. Now, in order to test the
point——.
Mr. FOOTE. I move that a committee be ap-
pointed 
PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair decides
this paper to he no point of order.
Mr. TURNEY. I have not yielded the floor.
Whatever it is, it involves a question; and that
question will be tested by the question which I
have propounded to the Chair, whether the per
diem allowance has ever been claimed by any
member of this body for the fourth day of March;
whether theaccounthasnotuniformally been made
to terminate with the third day of March. Have
you,-sir, ever received compensation for the fourth
day of March? Have you ever heard it named ?
Have you ever known Congress foil to adjourn
within one or two hours after the expiration of
the third of March ? I am free to admit that even
that was a violation of the Constitution, when they
assumed to act but for a few hours, and that for
the purpose of winding up the business. I chal-
lenge contradiction upon this point. Can there be
a joint resolution, or a bill passed on the fourth day-
of March ? Look at your journals; look at every
short session from the foundation of the Govern-
ment. Can you find any legislative act that was
done.on the fourth day of March ? Hence I de-
manded, more than ail hour ago, that the time
should be recorded upon the journal, that it might
be seen how we were engaged, and what time.
Let us see by what authority we are forced to re-
main. Having said thus much, I care nothing
about the appeal. I withdraw it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will now submit, if the
. Senate will be kind enough to hear me a few mo-
ments, the remaining observations which I was
about to make when interrupted. We must bring
this debate to a close. There is a rule which states
that no individual shall speak more than twice on
the same subject during the same day, without-
leave of the Senate. Most of us have spoken more
than twice. Hereafter I shall insist that there be
no infringement of this rule.
■Mr. FOOTE. Has any Senator spoken more
than twice on this amendment?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is the same thing. No
member shall speak more than twice in one debate
the same day. The debate is on this bill.
[Question ! question!]
1 have another remark to make. I ask my friend
from Mississippi, I ask my friend from Tennessee,
I ask other gentlemen on. this floor, who say that
they have no constitutional power to act further,
I ask them if it is fair, if it is right, if it is gener-
ous, it it is magnanimous on their part, when
others differ from them, to try to coerce those
others into the adoption of their views ?
Mr. FOOT E. "Will my honorable friend allow
me to explain?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have but a word or
two to add, and then I shall have done.
Mr. FOOTE. £ hone the Senator will not at-
tempt to enforce the parliamentary rule against
we.
Mr. UNDERY/OOD. I give way, sir.
[Here one or two groans were heard.]
Mr. FOOTE. I k.iow my rights, and will main-
tain them, too, in spite of aII the groans that may
come from any quarter. Groans will have no.effect
on me, even though they shall equal the thunders
of the most terrific volcano that ever shook the
eternal mountains. I beg gentlemen not to give
themselves the trouble to hiss me, or to groan, or
call to order, for I assure them that it will have
no more effect on tfte than the idle wind that passes
by me, which I regard not.
Nov?, spr, I will reply to the Senator. He ap-
peals to his friend from Tennessee, and he has
kindly yielded the floor for explanation. He is
quite magnanimous. It is not proper, he says, for
us, if we believe that this body is no longer a le-
gislative body, to insist o*n disturbing and present-
ing the action of others. Well, believing as I do,
before God and man, that this is not the Senate of
the United States, but believing that if it proceeds
as it is now proceeding, its acts will be stamped
with the insignia of illegality and fraud—believing
that if this body thus proceeds to exercise legislative
functions in the absence of conscientious men who
would not remain and give countenance to what
they believed to be unconstitutional, great mischief
will be done, a most flagitious fraud will be perpe-
trated,—believing this, does the Senate suppose that
it is indecorous in me to rise up and insist that others
shall not perpetrate such an act as this, when I be-
lieve" that my native land will suffer deep detriment
by such attempt at legislation? When I believe that
gentlemen, are acting upon an erroneous opinion in
supposing that they have a right to legislate when
they have no such right, shall I sit idle here and
permit them to go on and produce all the moment-
ous consequences to be apprehended? If I did so,
I should feel myself to be worse than a perjured
man. I love magnanimity, generosity of feeling;
I am desirous of showing civility to my fellow-
men; but, so help me God, never will I exercise
magnanimity, or attempt to exercise civility, at
the expense of the Constitution and of the laws of
the land. Never, never. And it surprises me
that gentlemen learned in the law should get up
here and appeal to our magnanimity to forbear
from interposition. Am I to be told by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that a gentleman is not autho-
rized to speak upon an amendment or a bill   «
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Allow me to say that I
was perfectly satisfied he had no sinister motive in
view.
Mr. TURNEY. If the Senator- will allow me
to respond, I will do it in very few words.
Mr. FOOTE. I have not yielded the floor.
As I find gentlemen so very technical, I intend to
insist on my rights. Gentlemen say to me if you
give way, and say no more, the matter can be ac-
complished. But if, as I believe, it cannot be
done legally, and that if done great mischief will
arise, I do not choose to give way. We cannot
get through before nine o'clock to-morrow, and I
would like to know what Senator dare to pocket
pay after midnight. The day expires at midnight.
Is it unmagnammous in rne to insist that this sort
of legislation—this 'pseudo legislation—this legisla-
tion which is to bring upon the country all the
horrorsxof the Wilmot proviso, and worse—is alto-
gether improper? I understand the Senator from
Massachusetts to have withdrawn his motion.
Mr. WEBSTER. I intend to address the
Chair, if the Senator will take his seat and not
interrupt me.
Mr? FOOTE. Though the mightiest archangel
were here, I would require him to keep order
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I only yielded the floor
Will the Senator yield the
.for explanation.
Mr. WEBSTER.
floor?
Mr. FOOTE. I will do so, but the Senator
will have to wait a little. AH I have to say is,
that the Senator from Kentucky has criticised my
course somewhat severely. I do not stand here
for the purpose of being a subject of animadver-
sion for any one. The Senator from Massachu-
setts I know is incapable of descending to what is
so far beneath the dignity of a Senator. I hope
he will be a little merciful. !
Mr. WEBSTER. I am disposed to make one
more effort to dispose of this subject; that is, some
time between this and twelve o'clock to-morrow.
I have been o'f opinion that all this matter about
California was wrong. I will not pursue it. But
I am willing to take this course: I am willing now
to withdraw my motion to concur, though I do
not do it at this moment until I state what my
view is. I am willing to withdraw my motion to
agree to the amendment of the House, if gentlemen
will then move to recede-from the Senate's amend-
ment, and let the bill pass as a mere appropriation
bill.
Mr. ATHERTON. Mr, President  
Mr. BERRIEN. Will the Senator permit
Mr. ATHERTON. I wish to say one word.
I was about to endeavor to get the floor to make
the same suggestion which has been made by the
Senator from Massachusetts. I have had oh my-
self some responsibility as it regards this bill. I
feared at the time of the introduction of the amend-
ment, and so stated, that it would endanger the
passage of the bill. I objected to the amendment,
and resisted it on that ground. I feel that, so far
as my own action is concerned, I am clear of re-
sponsibility in this respect, and I find no fault with
gentlemen who thought otherwise. With regard
to the Indian appropriation bill, the House offered
an amendment to the amendment of the Senate.
The Committee of Conference were unable to agree.
I made a motion that the Senate disagree to the
amendment "of the House to the amendment of the
Senate. I made it in that form. The question was
put and carried, and the bill was passed. The
amendment of the Senate and the amendment of
the House to that amendment being thus disposed
of, the bill was passed. Now, I hope the Senator
from Massachusetts, if he varies his motion, will
put it in this form: that the Senate disagree to the
amendment of the House and recede from their
own amendment.
PRESIDING OFFICER. Do I understand
the Senatpr from New Hampshire as making that
motion ?
Mr. ATHERTON. I will make 'the motion.
Mr. WEBSTER. If the Chair says that the
question can be entertained, I will yield the'floor.
PRESIDING OFFICER. It can be entertained.
Mr. DOUGLAS. In the first place, Mr. Presi-
dent, the two motions cannot be put together; I
object to their being so put; and I renew the motion
to concur; which, I apprehend, has precedence,
whether proposed first or last.
| Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to make one remark.
: The Senator from Massachusetts moved that the
Senate concurin the amendment of theHouse, and
I followed that motion by another, that the Senate
! recede from its amendment. The Chair decided
that the motion to concur must be put first. And
if the Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his
motion, then, as a matter of course, my motion
follows.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I wish now to understand
whether a motion to recede takes precedence of a
motion to concur.
PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to recede
being first made takes precedence.
- Mr. DOUGLAS. Well, I hbpe the Senate will
not recede. I hope we shall proceed, and give some
sort of government to California. We can do that
if we adhere, or if we concur- I am willing to do
either. A'ntTin either way we get a government
for California. But I can never vote to recede, and
thereby abandon the country.
Mr. BUTLER. What is California in compari-
son with thirty States?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very reluctant, on any
occasion, to occupy a moment of the time of the
Senate, and more particularly so at present, -when
its time is of so much value; and I would not add
a single word to what has been said, were it not
that this question is so vitally interesting to this
Union, and to the character of these United States.
I have forborne on every occasion, since this de-
bate commenced to offer any audible opinion—
nay, I have not even offered a suggestion to any
gentleman who has participated in the debate. But '
I assure you, sir, as an American Senator, as a
citizen, as an individual claiming the protection of
the laws of this Union, I have felt the most pain-
ful and intense emotions upon witnessing a spec-
tacle exhibited here such as I had never antici-
pated; and, although I have waded through scenes
of anarchy and turbulence, though I have seen
people forming a disorganized mass, a chaotic
community, I never entertained the same feelings
that I have on this occasion. I have seen order
resolved from this mass of chaos, but I have never
seen order resolved into chaos before. To witness
the American Senate, as an American citizen—to
see that most sublime and magnificent spectacle
ever presented or contemplated resolve itself into
disorder and confusion, has oppressed me with
much feeling on this occasion. When I have seen
the waves of turbulence agitated; when I have
seen grave and reverend Senators upon this floor,
agitated and discomposed as upon the present oc-
casion, I have felt deeply that we exhibited a spec-
tacle to the civilized world at which we should'
cover, our heads with shame.
I hail, sir, the approach of order and Regularity. -
