1849.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
T will not rebuke the Senate. Every Senator upon
this floor is capable of instructingVnd teaching me.
But I cannot repress my joy at the return of sys-
tem and order. I felt, as I doubt not others felt,
when the proposition was made to give a govern-
ment to California; I felt that Something ought to
lie done; and, less regardful of the true/ules of the
Senate than I ought to have been, I readily acqui-
esced in ingrafting upon this bill a provision that
was not germane to it. For this, sir, X pay the
penalty of contrition and pcnitence. I regret that
J allowed myself to break over the regular course
.so far as that. We have now arrived at a crisis
w,hen it is necessary for us to act for the honor and
"security of the country, and I do not hesitate to
retrace my steps. I return from the course I im-
properly adopted. Sir, without California the
States can exist; but, without the States of this.
Union, California is less-than nothing. Let us
preserve the Union. Let us administer the laws
of the Union, and let us not be turned aside from
our own safety in legislating for others. Let us
not keep back our country from the high destiny
that awaits her in after time. Let us remember
that the world looks to us. It is not our constitu-
ency alone—those of whom some gentlemen are
so regardful—but it is the whole world, who looks
upon us with admiration or disregard—for X will
not say contempt; I cannot feel that this body de-
serves contempt—the whole world looks to us to
illustrate that sublime character which the God of
nature and the operation of human reason has
^tamped upon man.
' I trust that we can recede; that we can non-con-
cur with the amendment of the House, and recede
ifrom our own proposition; and that the waves of
discord, though they run mountain high in this
Senate Chamber, shall be calm and tranquil as a
summer sea. Yes, sir, it requires but the magic
touch of reason and the ennobling teachings of
patriotism. Throwing aside technicalities, which
only obstructed our progress, let us have regard
only to the promptings of honor and patriotism;
disregarding every thing that is of minor importance,
let us, in an emergency like this, act with a firm
determination .that the best interests of the nation
shall be protected and preserved.
Mr. WALKER. For the purpose of setting
myself right- [Cries of " Question, question!"]
I shall not detain the Senate long. I am not in the
habit of making long speeches. If I understand
the proposition, it is to disagree to the amendment
of the House, and then to recede from our own.
Now, 1 beg, most respectfully, to submit to you
that such a thing cannot be done. The House
has sent us a proposition, without asking us to
recede from our own amendment; and to reccde
will not lie to respond to the question put by the
House. The only questions that can be in order,
are either to agree or to disagree to the amendment
pf the Ho use.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman-is mistaken.
Mr. WALKER. I shall be very much pleased
if the Senator from Massachusetts will show me
that he is right, and I am wrong. I should be glad
to have the decision of the Chair. f
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I had a few remarks to,
make when I yielded the floor to the Senator from
Mississippi, and from that time to this I have not
been able to utter them. I rise now merely to
say—and then quit the subject forever, I trust-
suppose you pass this bill, by striking out every-
, thing relating to a government for California, what
is to bedone after that? We are told that the Presi-
dent has left the Capitol, and is fundus officio.
A Senator. Not so.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, if the information
is incorrect, the President is now waiting for our
action on thi& bill. Then, sir, he goes on the idea
that we have the constitutional power to pass it,
and that he will cooperate with in making it
the law of the land. Granting this, I am against
striking'out this provision which has been made
for the government of California, upon the motion
first of the Senator from Wisconsin, and subse-
quently on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. Sir, I took the responsibility, so far
as my vote went, of putting this provision in the
bill; and, having done that, I am not willing now
to strike it out. Having insetted a provision giv-
ing a government to California, I am unwilling to
back out and proclaim to this nation that an ex-
citing cjuestion between the North and the South
is to dissolve the Union, because we are incapable
of legislating in consequence of the existence of
that question". Sir, I would do no sucji thing. It
is our duty to give a government to California, and
I trust we have everything we can reasonably ask
in the proposition before*us, and I shall therefore
vote for retaining the amendment.-
Mr. FOOTE. I shall only offer a remark or
two; and I suppose there will be considerable
groaning. Now, what I have to say is simply
this: I have a constitutional objection against
voting upon any bill after midnight. I know it is
midnight; and that is my reason, therefore, for not
voting; though certainly, if others choose to vote
I have no particular objection, provided the object
or their voting is only to prevent the defeat of the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill. Nov/, in
reply to the Senator from Kentucky, I have to
offer a simple remark. Sir, we of the Democratic
party have made a liberal proposition. We have
agreed to intrust high powers, to bestow extend-
ed patronage, on a President for whose election
we did not vote; a President, every measure of
whose administration, so far as the great meas-
ures are concerned, we have expected to be in op-
position to us. But we are willing to trust to his
good sense. Let not the Senator from Kentucky
burden us with responsibility that does not belong
to us. Distinguished Senators, on that side of
the Chamber, have refused to repose that confi-
dence in the President elect that we think he is
worthy of. They have attempted to throw obsta-
cles in the way. Every attempt has been made,
by amendment upon amendment, speech after
speech, to defeat the provision which we believe
California has a right to expect at our hands. Sir,
as the Senator from Tennessee said the other day,
the people of California are our fellow-citizens,
and they are in need of the protection of law.
The Senator from Wisconsin has brought forward
the best proposition, it is sanctioned by many Sen-
ators I know it is sanctioned by a peisonage who
is now authorized to exercise the highest authority
in this Government. Yes, sir, honest men of all
parties have said that this plan is a good one. I
mean the proposition to leave the decision of this
question to the Supreme Court, that more than
Amphictryonic council. It is said that the Ju-
diciary should settle this matter for us; and what
is the "fact? Good men, enlightened men, every-
where except in the Senate, uphold the measure;
and it is defeated by wicked and unprincipled dema-
gogues. And now we are expected to bear the
responsibility; and gentlemen are called on, after
midnight, to sustain the designs—the unptincipled
designs—of those who would lead us into a work
of damnation so profound that the whole waters
of the ocean could not wash our skirts clean. I
know there are those who have devoted their en-
ergies in a noble manner to the work of securing
to California a government. But there are others,
and Democrats, too, and others who are ashamed
of their names, vile Abolitionists, who hate op-
posed the work. So long as this is kept up, the
whole Republic must be kept in a state of confu-
sion. And, sir, who is responsible for it? Am 1?
Is the Democratic party responsible? No,-sir;
no! We have done all that we could to avoid
such a calamity. It is the result of scheming
which we did not participate in. And now we
are called upon to vote, at five o'clock in the morn-
ing, to tfndo all that we have done. It is my opin-
ion that we cannot vote at all. 1 shall withdraw
and decline voting; and, if other gentlemen choose
to vote, they must take the responsibility. I say,
again, that, if the effect is the defeat of this bill,
and the imposition on the incoming Administra-
tion of the necessity of calling another session of
Congress, I still feel bound to go for it. There is
nothing to dread as men and gentlemen; i would
put no impediment in the way; I would disem-
barrass this perplexing question. But if gentle-
men, with factious motives of disorganization, in
anything but a spirit of patriotism, in a spirit which
our fathers would have scorned to breathe, choose
to undo the work that we have been engaged in,
the responsibility will be upon their heads. My
skirts are clear.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not going to say a word
to prolong the debate; I shall not talk against time,
nor consume time unnecessarily. All I ask is,
that the votes shall be taken orally; that we may
have a fair chance to vote according to parliament-
ary usage. Now, I ask the Chair what is the dis-
tinct motion that is pending?
PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the motion of
the Senator f/oiYi Massachusetts to recede from th%
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Can the double motion be
entertained to disagree to the House amendment,
and to recede from our own—can both motions be
put at the same time? I ask for a decision upon this
point. Have I not a right to ask for a decision?
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator-allow me to ex-
plain? The amendment of the House is not an
amendment of the bilk It is an amendment to the
Senate's amend ment. If we recede from our amend-
ment, as a matter of course the whole controversy
falls. A protraction of this debate amounts to this:
It defeats the whole matter m relation to Califor-
nia, and it defeats the appropriation bill. The
proposition comes here under the authority of the
Senator from Massachusetts to leave California as
before. Upon that proposition I appeal to the
Senator from Illinois to permit us to takethe ques-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not throwing any ob-
stacle in the way. I am only asking that the two
questions be taken separately, because they are
distinct questions. The one relates to the House
amendment, and we have no right to pass over that
amendment and recede from our own. The House
is entitled to have our decision upon their amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. It is too late to raise an objec-
tion. The objection should have been made when
the decision of the Chair was given.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator will remember
that the first word I spoke after the decision of the
Chair was given, was, that it was a double motion.
In regard to that, I can only state, that although
the Chair puts it as one motion, I am not satisfied
by any means. But I will not appeal from the
decision. Will the Chair inform me if we have
a right to have a separate vote?
Mr. TURNEY. I am very much gratified with
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.- I
have a desire that the bill shall pass, and receive
the sanction. of the President, if he can find it in
his conscience to give it, having date on the third
of March. I hope that may be done.
The question being taken on the motion to re-
cede, it was decided in the affirmative, by yeas
and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atdii^on, Athorton, Baldwin, Bell, Ber-
rien, Bradbuiy, Bujibt, Butler, Cameion, Clatke, Corwin,
Davis ot Massachusetts, Davis of Mississippi, Dayton, Dick-
inson, Dix', Down*, Feleii, Fitzpatnck, Greuie; Hate.Han-
negan, Houston, Hunter. Johnson ot Mai viand, Johnson of
G«.'Orsiia, Jones, Mnngn'm, Mason, Miller, Nile?, Pearce,
Kusk^ Spi unnce, Tm ne\\Upham, Wales, and Webster—38.
NAYS—Messis. Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Metcalfe, Stur-
geon, Underwood, Walker, and Wt>tcott—7.
So the Senate having receded from their amend-
ment, the bill was passed.
REVENUE LAWS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WEBSTER. I suppose it is now proper
to take some notice of the resolution'of the House,
and appoint a committee to wait on the President.
Mr. DIX. X reported this morning, from the
Committee on Commerce, a bill to extend the rev-
enue laws over California and to establish a collec-
tion district therein. I move that that bill be taken
up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to and the bill was read.
Mr. YULEE objected to any further proceeding
in reference to this bill.
Mr. MANGUM moved that it be laid on the
table, and called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, (the motion to
lay the bill on the table having been at his request
withdrawn,) explained the necessity that existed
for the passage of the bill.
Mr. MANGUM. 1 cannot change my determi-
nation in regard to this bill. We have refused to
give a government to California, and it does strike
me as being utterly un-American to attempt to
wring taxes out of a people that we refuse to gov-
ern. Unless we extend our laws to them, I hope
we shall not tax them. .
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I only wish to
add one word. I see, by the last arrival, that a
very large number of foreign vessels are engaged
in the trade coastwise, between the ports of Cali-
fornia and the South American ports. If there be
no revenue law enforced there, an inequality will
be created. This bill does nothing more than ex-
tend the revenue laws over the Territory, and pro-
vide for the appointment of revenue officers.
Mr. YULEE. I shall vote for the motion to
