692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
lay she bill upon the table, and will state, very
briefly, my reasons. If I understand the Senator
from Massachusetts correctly, he informs us that
ships which have sailed from our northern ports
laden with goods, bound for California, are required
to pay a duty " -
" ' - . They pay that duty here.
Under what authority do they
Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. YULEE.
pay it?
Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. YULEE.
By the authority of this law.
The whole amount of the matter
is this: Our northern friends deny to their southern
brethern the right to go there with their property
and be protected in their property; but are very
ready to urge upon us legislation by which they
are to be benefited in carrying their goods there.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman misunder-
stands the matter.
Mr. YULEE. I do not think that I misunder-
stand. If there be no necessity for this law, why
press it?
Mr. FOOTE. I hope I may be allowed to offer
an amendment to the bill.
Mr.-YULEE. I was about to state that I un-
derstand foreign goods have the advantage over
goods from this country in the ports of California.
Well, f prefer that itshould be so, so long as we
■withhold from them a Government. I prefer that
the inhabitants of California shall be permitted to
purchase their goods wherever they can procure
them cheapest, whether m London or elsewhere,
and refuse to purchase from the North, until our
friends of the North come forward, in the true
spirit of brotherhood, and place us tipon an equal
footing with them. 1 have no hesitation in avow-
ing this. But, sir, I apprehend that foreign mer-
chants have no particular advantage in the trade
of California. At all events, I am prepared to re-
fuse any measure of this kind until you are will-
ing to give to California the protection of a gov-
ernment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. If., we do not
extend our revenue laws over California, the con-
sequence will be that all our goods will be re- j
shipped to ports on the Atlantic. It is robbing
the country of its revenue. And I will remark, ]
that it seems strange to me to hear it argued that
we are depriving the people of California by not
giving them a government. Why, the benefit of
any provision that we may make for their govern-
ment, will inure to us. The operation of the law
is to benefit us, as proprietors of the territory in
which they live. Nor, deeply as 1 sympathize
with the Senator from Florida in all he has said
about the right of the southern emigrant, will I
ever allow that consideration to interfere with the
great interests of the country. I will not allow
myself to be actuated by a spirit of resentment. I
regard this law as being necessary, and therefore
I shall vote for it.
Mr. FOOTE offered an amendment to extend
the laws and Constitution of the United States, as
far as practicable, to California.
Mr. DIX. If this amendment be adopted, the
hill will have to go to the other House; and at this
■ hour there is no chance of its bewig acted upon by
that H'oase. I hope the Senator will not embar-
rass the bill by his amendment.
Mr. FOOTE. The House is in session, I un-
derstand. It seems they feel themselves author-
ized to continue m legislation.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
- was ii'jec'ed.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to a third reading.
It was read a third time and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRE-
SENTATIVES.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Campbell, their
Clerk:
"Mr. President: I am directed to inform the
Senate that the House of Representatives, having
no business before it, is, if the Senate have no com-
munication to make to it, now ready to adjourn."
MESSAGE TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resvh:ed, That a committee be appointed, jointly with
such committee as may lie appointed on tile pait of the
House of Representative", to wait on the. President of the
United States, and notify him that, unless he may have other
communications to make to the (wo Houses of Congress,
having finished the business before them, they are ready to
close the present session by an adjournment.
Ordered, That Mr. Dodge' be the committee on the part of
the Senate.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives by "Mr. Campbell, their
Clerk:
" Mr. President, the House of Representatives concur in
the resolution passed by the Senate for the appointment ol a
iointcommitteeto waiton thePreMClentot the United States,
and notify him that, unless he may have other communica-
tions to make, the two Houses having finished the business
before them, are now ready to adjourn, and have appointed
Mr. John a. R0CKWr.it,, Mr. [Iowell Cobb, and Mr. Lewis
C. Levin, a committee oil their part,"
THANKS TO THE PRESIDENT PRO TEM.
Mr. MANGUM submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to: -
Resolved unanimously, That the thanks of the Senate are
due, and are htreby tendcied, to the Hon. Mr. Atchison,
lor the aliilitr, dignity, and impartiality with winch lie ha*
peifoimed llieduuet ot President ot the Senate j>ro tempore.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
Executive business; and, after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
Mr. DODGE, from the committee appointed on
the part of the Senate, jointly with the committee
appointed on the part of the House of Represent-
atives, to wait on the Piesident of the United
States, and notify him that the two Houses, hav-
ing finished the legislation before them, are ready,
if he has no further communication to make, to
adjourn, reported that they had performed the duty
assigned them, and that the Piesident replied that
he had no further communication to make.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That a message be sent to the House of Repre-
sentalives to nilorm the House that the Seuaie, having hn-
ished the hu.-lnest betore them, aie about to adjourn.
Whereupon, at seven o'clock a. m. of Sunday,
March 4, the Senate adjourned sine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 3, 1849.
On motion of BRODHEAD, the reading of the
Journal was dispensed with.
BUST OF MR. ADAMS.
Mr". ASHMUN rose and said: Mr. Speaker, I
ask the particular attention of the members for a few
moments. A year ago a distinguished member of
this House died under circumstances that made a
deep impression upon us who witnessed them, and
upon the whole country. In oider to commemo-
rate those circumstances, and to mark the spot
upon which he died, a voluntary subscription was
made by many gentlemen of all parties in this
House, for the purpose of procuring a marble bust
of Mr. Adams, to be placed in the Speaker's room;
and a contract was made with an eminent artist to
make one, for which he was to receive the sum of
six hundred dollars. That bust has been comple-
ted, and has been (luring the last three days placed
in the Library of Congress for public inspection.
As a work of art, it has commanded the most
marked and general approbation. Of course, it
cannotbe placed in the Speaker's room without the
authority of the.vote of this House; and for that
purpose 1 have prepared a resolution which I now
hold in my hand. There is also another matter for
which I wish to have provision made. It is this:
Mr. King was by the contract under no obligation
to transport the bust from Boston to this city. But
in order to insure its safe transportation, and to
see that it be properly placed, he has, at consider-
able expense of time and money, biought it here,
and is waiting for the authority of the House to
complete its location. Mr. King, like most artists
of genuine merit, cannot afford to bear this loss.
And, moreover, as is generally the case with such
subscriptions, there is a deficiency in the collection
of the subscriptions. In order to make provision
for these several objects, I offer the following reso-
lution:
Whereas a bust of John Quincy Adams, late a member
of t!in House, has heen procured by tite voluntaiy contribu-
tions of members, for the purpose ot heins placed in the
Speaker's room, to mark the *pot and commemorate the
circumstance* of his death : therefore,
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed, under
the supervision of the Speaker, to cause said bust to be
suitably placed in the Speaker's room; [and that the Clerk
be directed to pay to John C. King, the artist who made
said bust, for his expenses and time in transporting said bust
to Washington, such a sum, not exceeding $400, as in his
judgment said King ought to receive.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected to the re-
ception of the resolution.
Mr. ASHMUN moved to suspend the rules, to
enable him to offer it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked the yeas and
nays on this motion; which were ordered.
Mr. GRINN ELL requested the attention of his
colleague for one moment. He besought him to
modify his Resolution, so as to strike out all that
part which proposed an appropriation. He never
wanted to hear the name of Mr. Adams connected,
with money in this Hall. He would pay the ex-
penses out of his own pocket. He asked the gen-
tleman to modify the resolution. •
Mr. ASHMUN. I will modify the resolution
in obedience to the wishes of my friend; but I do
think it is notan'honor to the House that the gen-
tleman should be placed in such circumstances.
Thp resolution was accordingly modified, by
s'triking out that part'inserted'in brackets.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was on
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, renewed the de-
mand for the yeas and nays; upon which a count
was again taken ;"and but twelve gentlemen rising,
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the rules were suspended; and the resolution,
as modified, was brought before the House, and
again read.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered
upon its adoption, and being taken, were—yeas
125, nays 19.
So the resolution was adopted.
BRANCH MINT IN NEW YORK.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved that the rules of
the House be suspended, to enable him to move
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill to establish a branch mint in the
city of New York, in orderthat the said bill might
be put upon its passage.
Mr. MEADE moved to amend the motion so
as to include the bill to establish a branch mint at
San Francisco, California.
The SPEAKER said the motion'was not in
order.
Tellers were asked and ordered on the motion to
suspend the rules, (Messrs. Pollock and Ligon.)
And the question was then taken, and decided
in the affirmative—ayes 100, noes 31.
So two-thirds voting in the affirmative, the rules
were suspended.
And the bill thus being before the House, was
read.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD said that there was no ne-
cessity for the passage of this bill. It was merely
expending a heavy sum of money for nothing.
He moved that the bill be laid on the table.
And the question was taken, and decided in the
negative. •
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question—
Mr. POLLOCK asked Mr. Tallmadge to with-
draw the motion.
Mr. MURPHY made, a similar request, that he
might have an opportunity to offer an amendment.
Mr. TALLMADGE persisted in his motion.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the main question having been ordered to be now
taken, the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. ,
Mr. TALLMADGE moved a reconsideration of
the vote, and that that motion be laid on the table.
It was ordered accordingly.
Mr. BRODHEAD inquired of the Speaker
whether the bill had been engrossed ?
The SPEAKER said he would inquire of the
.Clerk.
Whilst the Clerk was absent ascertaining the
fact—
Mr. COBB-, of Georgia, said there was a joint
resolution from the Senate correcting a clerical
error in a certain bill. He moved that it be taken
up.
