090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
on agreeing to.the Senate's amendment, proposed
by the gentleman from Kentucky.
A conversation arose, participated in by several
gentlemen, upon points of order. An appeal was
f&ken by Mr. COBB, of Georgia, from the Speak-
er's decision as to - the pending qtoestipn, but was
subsequently w'ithdiawn.
Mr. WENT WORTH asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered. ✓
* The question was taken, and decided in'the
affirmative—yeas 187, nays 19—as-follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adams, Ashmun, Atkinson, Bar-
ringer, Barrow, Bayly, Beale, Belcher, Bingham, Birdcall,
Blackmar, Bocock, Bolts, Bowilon, Bovvlin, Bojd, Boyden,
Brady, Bruises, Brodhead, Charles. Brown, Albert G. Brown,
Buckuer, Burl, Butler, Cabell, Canby, Oaihcar't, Chapman,
Clapp, FiaiikJni Clark, Beverly L. Clarke, Chngman, How-
ell Cobb, R. W. Cobb, Cocke, Coiiam'T, Col-
lins, Oianvton,Ciisfteid, Crozicr, Cummin.-', Darin 1, Darling,
Dickoy, Dixon, Donnyli,I)uei,Garneu'Daucanj Dunn, Kck-
ert, Edvv.ud-s, Emhreo, Ahwautjer iiv.in-, Ndthan Evai'a,
Faran, FarreUy, Featherston, Ficki.n, Fi.-hcr, Fiournoy,
Freediey. Fwnch, Fri.--=, Ft;l:o<j, Gai.u^, Gentry, Gogjiin,
Goit, Green, Greeley, Gnnneil, Hale, Wiilard F. JiaJi, Na-
than K. Hail, J.unes- G. Hampton, Jlo-e?. Hampton, Haiai-
son, ffaimanson, Harris, Haskell, Henty, Hill, Iraae E.
Holme?!, E'las B. Holmes, George S. Houston, John VV.
Houston, Hubbard, Hudson, Hunt, In^e, CnarJcs J. Iiif-er-
soll, Joseph R. fngersoil, Jrvin, ivvrson, James>on, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, James H.Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
George VV. Jones, J. W. Jones, Kaufman, Kennon, Thomas
Burirr King, Daniel P. King, Lahru, LaSgie, Levin,Ligon;
Lincoln, Lord, Lumpkin, Lynde, McClelland, McClen.and,
McDowell, Mcllvatne, McKay, McLand, McQueen, Job
Mann, Marsh, Marvin, Meade, Miller, Morenead-. Morris,
Morse, Murphy, Nelson, iseweil, Nicoih Outlaw, Palfrey,
Peaslee, Pendleton, I'etrie, Po>to.n, Phelps, Pil^bury, Pol-
lock, Preston, Putnam, Reynolds, Rnett,Rieiiai d-ori, lluiiey,
ftockliill, Julius Rockwell, John A. Rockwell, RoifjdiijRo^e,
Rumsey, St. John, Sawyer, Schenck, Khepperd, Hheniil,
Silvester, Simpson, Smart, Caleb 15. Smith,Truman Smith,
Stanton, Stephens, Andrew Stewart, Chailes 1Z. Stuart,
Tiillirmdge, Taylor, Tuun dau.\, Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Rich/trd VV Thompson, John B. Thonio-on, Ii A. Thomp-
son, Win. Titoiup•<-(), Thurston, Tompkins, Toombs, TucK,
Turner, Vinton, Warren, Wile;, arid Williams—Io7.
WAVS—Messrs. Fd-ai), Gayle, Hammnns, Henlev, Hal-
liard, William T. Lau'icwce, Sidney Lawieace, Muihii,
Ff (tit, Kobm^on, WtatKwcauier, Strong,Van D> i<e, Venabie,
Wctmvorth, White, Wick, Wiimor. and Woodward—19.
So the amendment of Mr. MOREHEAD to the ,
Senate's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Indiana, amid numerous
competitors, was recognized as entitled to the floor.
- Mr. ASHMUN rose, he said, to a privileged
question. He moved to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentu'cky
had been adopted.
The SPEAKER (after some conversation by
gentlemen upon a point of order) decided that the
gentleman from Indiana had the floor to state his
motion first.
Mr. THOMPSON was proceeding to make a
remark, when
Mr. BAYLY rose to a question of order.
Mr. ASHMUN reminded the Speaker that he
claimed the floor.
Mr. BAYLY stated his point of order, which
was in substance that the previous question had
not been exhausted, and consequently that ail
amendments and debate were out of order, and that
the question must now be taken upon the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended on motion of Mr.
MOREHBAD.
The SPEAKER, decided that the previous ques-
tion was not peridi.u'.
Mr. BAYLY appealed.
Mr. WENT W011TH moved to lay the appeal
on the table, and asked, the yeas and nays on that
motion.
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the Speaker remember
that I claim the floor?
The Si'EAKER. Certainly.
After conversation and debate by several gen-
tlemen upon the appeal—
Mr. B'JRT moved the previous question.
Air. BAYLY (Tor the reason alone, he said, that
he saw it would exhaust the night) withdrew the
appeal.
The SPEAKER again announced the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Thompson'] en titled to the floor.
Mr. ASHMUN renewed his claim to the iiocr
upon a privileged question.
Purther conversation ensued upon the point of
order.
'Mr- THOMPSON, (his right to the floor having
been sustained oy me Speaker,) remarking that he
intended to detain the iricsise but a vpry few mo-
ments, proceeded to say, that he had labored with
great ass<duity to effect a settlement, by compro-
mise, of this difficult question, that had been ex-
suing so much, and which was, perhaps, now
threatening, the integrity and safety of the union
of these States. He now addressed himself to
northern men and to southern men; and if he knew
himself, he had no sectional feelings in what he
had to say. The true substantial question now
presented to the consideration of the House was
this; to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill
the Senate had made an amendment providing for
the establishment of a government in California,'
in which there were certain provisions, which
provisions were found embraced in several statu-
tory laws of the United States. Two amendments
had been offered in the Senate, and the third had
been reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives. Neither
of these amendments had been adopted; and it was
perfectly manifest, that unless something was done
by way of compromise, they would leave this Hall
at twelve o'clock to-night under a state of excite-
ment that would pervade all parts of the Union.
He proposed a substitute for the amendment of
the Senate, which (after a statement of its provis-
ions) he §ent up to the Clerk's table, where it was
read, as follows:
That the President of the United States he, and he hereby
i*, authorized to hold possession ol and occupy the territo-
ries ceded by Mexico to the United States by the treaty of
the 2d of February, eighteen hundied and forty-eight; and
that he be, and hereby is, authorized for that purpose, and
in order to maintain the authority of the United States, and
preseive peace and order jb s aid territories, to employ Such
parts of the aimy and navy of the United States as he may
deem necessary, and that the Constitution of the United
States, so far as the same is applicaole, be extended over
oaid territories.
Sec. *2. J2nd be it further enacted. <$*c., That until the fourth
day of July, ei^htten hundred and filty, unless Congress
shall sooner piovide for tiie government of said teniiunes,
the f xibUna laws thereof'shah he retained and observed, and
that tne civil and judicial authority heretofore exercised m
I said territories shall be vested in, and exeicisfd by, such
i person or persons as the President of the United btatt-s shall
t yppon,t and enroot, to the end that the inhabitants of* t-aid
terntones may be protected in the full and t'f-e enjoyment
of then hbeity, property, and religion: Provided, neverthe-
i ic-s, That maitiai Iawhhall not be proclaimed or declared in
said temtouef, oi either of them, nor any military court
established or instituted, except ordinaiy couits-martial tor
the trial of pei&ons belonging to the army and navy of the
United Smre^; and the imprisonment ftf any citizen of said
teiritories for debt is hereby forbidden.
Sec. 3. vindbeit farther enacted, fyc., That to enable the
President to carry into execution the provisions of this act,
the sum of two hundred thou-and dollars is hereby appro-
priated, out of any money in the treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated.
Some conversation followed on a point of order
between Mr. BAYLY and the SPEAKER.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, raised the question, that'
the amendment was out of order.
The SPEAKER decided that it was too late to
raise the question of order.
Mr. COBB appealed from the decision.
Mr. WENT WORTH moved that the appeal
be laid on the table, and asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB withdrew the appeal.
Mr. DUNN suggested to his colleague, [Mi*.
Thompson,J so to modify his amendment, e?s to
provide for the repeal of all laws authorizing im-
prisonment for debt.
Mr. THOMPSON accepted the modification.
Some conversation followed between Mr. VIN-
TON, Mr. TOOMBS, and the SPEAKER.
The question then recurred on the demand Tor
the previous question.
M r. COLLINS moved that there be a call of the
House, and asked the yeas and nays on that
motion; which were ordered, and being taken,
were—yeas 13, nays 193.
So a call cf the House was refused.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question; and there was a second.
Mr. COLLiNS moved that the House adjourn,
[at ten minutes to cicvcn o'clock.]
Mr. PETTiT a.sked the yeas and nays.
Mr. COLLINS withdrew the motion.
Mr. PSTTfT renewed it.
The SPEAKER decided it to be out of order;
but withdrew the decision.
Mr. COLLiNS asked the yeas and nays on the
motion to adjourn; which were refused.
And the question being taken, the House refused
to t.ujourn.
Tne question then recurring on ordering the
mam question—
Mr. PETT1T asked the yeas and nays; which j
were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas 153 i
nays 55. i
So the House decided that the main question j
should be now taken.
Mr. PETT1T moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
Uniorj, and asked the yeas and nays; which were
refused.
And the House refused to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Uni^n.
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Morehead] had
been adopted, and moved to lay that motion on'the
table.
Mr. PETTIT asked the yeas and nays; which
were refused.
And the question having been taken, the motion
to reconsider was laid on the table.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Thompson.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and
being taken, were—yeas 111, nays 105.
"So the amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. PETTiT moved to reconsider the vote on
Mr. Thompson's amendment.
Mr. VINTON moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. PETTIT asked the yeas and nays.
* Mr. VINTON withdrew the motion.
The question recurring on the motion to recon-
sider—
Mr. PETTIT declared his intention to debate it.
[At fifteen minutes past eleven o'clock, it had
been observed, the figures of the clock ceased to
move.]
Mr. P. remarked upon the fact, and pointing to
the clock, said that he presumed the Speaker kept
time by that clock, and that when his {Mr. P.'s)
hour was out, the Speaker would let his hammer
fall.
Mr. P. then proceeded (among frequent inter-
ruptions) to address the House, declanng that he
would rather that the biil should fail, than that
either of the two propositions should be attached to
it. They were irrelevant, and no fair or legitimate
system of legislation here or elsewhere would have
attached such propositions to this bill.
" He then proceeded into a general discussion in
defence of the power of Congress to prohibit slavery
in the territories, and on the expediency of the
exercise of that power.
Mr. McCLERNAND rose to a point of order;
he submitted that it was not in order to go into
this general discussion."
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. McCLERNAND appealed from the de-
cision.
Mr. PETTIT moved to lay the appeal on the
table, and asked the yeas and nays; which were
refused.
And the question being taken, the appeal was
not laid on the table.
And the question recurred,and was taken," Shall
the decision of the Chair stand a3 the judgment of
the House?" and was decided in the negative—
ayes 4G, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed.
The question recurring on the motion to recon-
sider—
Mr. HUNT moved that it be laid on the table.
Mr. PETTIT asked the yeas and nays; which,
were refused.
And the question being taken, the motion-to re-
consider was laid on the table.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senate as amended.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered; and
being taken, were—yeas 110, nays 104.
So the House agreed to the amendment of the
Senate as amended.
Mr. PETTIT moved to reconsider the vote, and
that that motion be laid on the table.
Mr. PETTiT rose to a privileged question, he
said._ He submitted that the term for the sitting
of this House had expired* [It was now twenty-
two minutes pas' twelve.]
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
The same question was subsequently raised by
Mr. HALL, of Missouri, and overruled.
On motion of Mr. VINTON, the House receded
from all its disagreements to the other amendments
of the Senate to the said bill.
Mr. COCKE moved a reconsideration of the
motion, and that that motion be laid on the table.
Ordered accordingly.
