1849.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL 0L0B&
«QQ
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Evans.
An act for the relief of William' Fuller and CHas.
Savage.
An act for the relief of John Percival, captain in
the navy of the United States.
An act granting a pension to John Morrison.
An act for the relief of John Hibbart.
An act for the relief of William Harding.
An act for the relief of Sarah D. Caldwell, wife
of James H. Brigham.
An act for the relief of John B. Smith and Sim-
eon Darden.
An act for the relief of A. C. Bryan and others.
An act for the re! ief of Capt. Dan Drake Henrie.
An act for the relief of Eliza A. Mellon.
An act to extend certain privileges to the town
of Whitehall, in the State of New York.
. An act for the relief of Philip J. Fontane.
An act for the relief of Levi H. Carson, and for
other purposes.
An act for the relief of E. B. Cogswell.
An act for the relief of James Y. Smith.
An act granting a half section of land for the use
of sehools within fractional township nineteen
south,of range eighteen west, county of Lowndes,
State of Mississippi.
An act to aid the State of Louisiana in draining
the swamp lands therein.
An'act to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending June
30, 1849.
An act to provide for carrying into execution, in
part, the twelfth article of the treaty with Mexico,
concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo.
An act for the relief of Thomas T. Gamage.
An act making appropriations for the support of
the Military Academy for the year ending 30th
June, 1850.
An act making appropriations for the payment
of revolutionary and other pensions of the United
States for }.he year ending 30th June, 1850.
An act making appropriations for the payment of
navy pensions for the year ending June 30, 1850.
An act for the relief of Salsy Darby, of Randolph
county, and State of Georgia.
An act for the relief of Charles Wilson.
An act granting five years' half pay to certain
widows and orphans of officers and non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates, both regu-
lars and volunteers.
An act to establish an additional land office in
the State of Missouri.
An act for the relief of Solomon Davis.
An act in relation to the Fox and Wisconsin
river reservation, in the State of Wisconsin.
An act for the relief of Peter M. Grant.
An act for the relief of Sizur B. Canfield.
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain George R. Shoemaker.
An act to make arrangements for taking the
seventh census.
An act for the relief of Charles Benns.
An act for 'the relief of James Norris, and for
other purposes.
An act for the relief of Charles McLane, of Mis-
souii.
An act for the relief of James Filiate.
An act for the relief of John J. Young, a com-
mander in the navy of the United States.
An act for the relief of John Campbell.
An act for the relief of John Savage.
An act for the relief of William H. Wilson.
An act for the relief of Andrew Flanegan.
An act for the relief of William P. Yonge.
An act for the relief of Lowry Williams.
An act for the relief of Mary Buck.
An act for the relief of Amehe Couvillier, of
Louisiana.
An act for the relief of John W. Hockett.
An act for the relief of H. Carrington, executor
"of Paulina Le Grand, deceased.
An act for the relief of Peter Shaffer.
An act for the relief of Polly Aldrich.
An act making appropriations for certain forti-
fications of the United States for the year ending
the 30th June, 1850.
An act for the relief of Eve Boegs.
An act for the relief of James H. Noble.
An act for the relief of Hervey Jones.
An act for the relief of Satterlee Clark.
An act for the relief of Daniel Wilson.
An act to settle the title to certain tracts of land
in the State of Arkansas.
An act to amend the act entitled "An act sup-
plemental to the act for the admission of the States
of Iowa and Florida into the Union/'
An act to incorporate the Oak Hill Cemetery in
the District of Columbia.
An act for the relief of the Presidentand Direct-
ors of the Union Bank of Florida.
An act for the relief of Sidney Flower, of Loui-
siana, and for other purposes.
An act for the relief of John T. Ohl.
An act for the relief of Maurice R. Simmons.
An act for the relief Catharine Clark.
An act for the relief of Polly Dameron, widow
of Charles Dameron, deceased.
An act to authorize the citizens of Osark county,
of Missouri, to enter less than a quarter section of
land for the seat of justice in said county.
An act making; appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending the
30th of June, 1850.
An act for the relief of Samuel A. Grier.
An act to provide for the settlement of the ac-
counts of public officers and others who may have
received moneys arising from military contribu-
tions or otherwise in Mexico.
An act to extend the provisions of all laws now
in force relating to the carriage of passengers in
merchant vessels, and the regulation thereof.
An act requiring all moneys receivable from
customs and from all other sources to be paid im-
mediately into the treasury, without abatement or
deduction, and for other purposes.
An act to establish the Home Department, and
to provide for the Treasury Department an Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury and a Commissioner
of the Customs.
An act making appropriations for the support
of the army for the year ending the 30th June,
1850.
An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th June, 1850.
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30th, 1850.
An act making appropriations for fhe civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending the 30th June, 1850, and for otherpurposes.
An act to extend the revenue laws of the United
States over the territory and waters of Upper Cal-
ifornia, and to create a collection district therein.
An act declaratory of the act for the admission
of the State of Iowa into the Union.
An act to extend the provisions of an act, ap-
proved the third of March, eighteen hundred and
forty-seven, for carrying into effect the existing
compacts with the States of Alabama and Missis-
sippi with regaid to the five_ per cent, fund and
school reservations.
An act to continue the light at Sands Point, on
Long Island.
An act to amend*an act entitled " An act for au-
thenticating certain records," approved February
22, 1849.
An act making appropriation for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the erec-
tion and establishment of the same, and for other
purposes.
An act for the better organization of the district
court of the United States within the State of Lou-
isiana. *
An act concerning the pay department of the
army.
An act to establish the collection district of Brazos
de Santiago, in the State of Texas, and for other
purposes.
An act authorizing the payment of interest upon
the advances made by the State of Alabama for
the use of the United Slates Government in the
suppression of the Creek Indian hostilities in 1836
and 1837 in Alabama.
An act to authorize the Secretary of War to
make reparation for the killing of a Caddo boy by
volunteer troops in Texas.
An act to authorize the issuing of a register or
enrolment to the ship Annie Teft.
An act in addition to the act entitled "An act
to incorporate the Washington, Alexandria, and
Georgetown Steam-packet Company.
An act to cause the northern boundary line of
'the State of Iowa to be run and marked.
. An act to continue the office of the Commissioner
| of Pensions. v
i An act for authenticating certain records.
An aot to grant the. right of way to the Mobile
and Ohio Railroad Company. *
An act to provide for (in increase of the medical
staff, and for an additional rtumbe.f of chaplains ot
the army'of the United States.
An act to define the period of disability impose#
upon "certain bidders for small contracts. *
An act to grant to the Atlantic and Gulf Rail- '
road Company the right of way through the pub-
lic lands of the United States.
An aot for changing the location of the land office
in the Chippewa land district, and establishing an
additional land district in the State of Wisconsin,
An act to establish the territorial government of
Minesota.
An act to carry into effect certain stipulations of
the treaty between the United States of Ameriea
and the Republic of Mexico,,of the 2d day of Feb-
ruary, 1848.
An act to provide for the final settlement of the
accounts of Abraham Edwards, register of the
land office at Kalamazoo, Michigan.
An act for the relief of Alexander Montgomery,
captain and assistant quartermaster of the army.
An act for the relief of Thomas W. Chinn and
others.
An act for the relief of James F. Sothoron.
An act for the relief of Peter Capella, adminis-
trator of Andrew Capella, deceased, and for the
relief of John Caho, and for the relief of Elijah
Petty and Hannah Petty his wife, heirs of 3ohn
Beardon, deceased.
An act for the relief of James G. Carson.
An act for the relief of Henry D. Garrison.
An act for the relief of the owpersof theschooner
Tironie. ,
An act for the relief of P. Chouteau, jr., and
Company.
An act to provide for-the final settlement of the
accounts of Thomas C. Sheldon, late receiver of
public moneys at Kalamazoo, Michigan.
An act for the relief of Nehemiah Brush.
An act for the relief of William L. Wi^nt.
An act to allow subsistence to certain Arkansas
and other volunteers who have been prisoners of
war in Mexico.
An act for the relief of William Plummer, exec-
utor of Starkey Armistead, deceased.
An act for the relief of James M. Scantland.
An act for the relief of James Hotchkiss.
An act continuing the pension granted to Patrick
Walker.
An act for the relief of Timothy Cavan.
An act for the relief of Thomas Talbot and
others.
An act to compensate John M. Moore.
An act for the relief of Mary IVIacRae, widow of
Lieutenant Colonel William MacRae, late of the
United States army, deceased.
An act for the relief of Jeanette C. Huntington,
widow and sole executrix of William D. Cheever,
deceased.
An act for the relief of Creed Taylor.
An act for the relief of the forward officer^ of
the late Exploring Expedition.
An act for the relief of Joseph F. Caldwell.
An act for the relief of Thomas Douglas, late
United States attorney for East Florida.
An act to provide for the settlement of the claim
of Henry Washington, late a deputy surveyor of
the public lands in Florida.
An act for the relief of George Center. ^
An act for the relief of the heirs of Jean F. Perry,
Josiah Bleakeley, Nicholas Garrot, and Robert
Morrison.
An act granting a pension to Bethiah Healy,
widow of George Healy, deceased.
An act to relinquish the reversionary interest of
the United States in a certain Indian reservation in
the State of Alabama.
Joint resolution granting to the Secretary of the
Treasury further time to make the report concern-
ing the sale and en try of certain lands in Cincin- -
nati.
Joint resolution relative to evidence in applica-
tions for pensions by widows of deceased soldiers
under the act of July 21, 1848.
Joint resolution for the relief of Geo. R. Smith.
Joint resolution for the purchase of copies of the
General Navy Register and Laws.
Joint resolution concerning the settlement of the
accounts of William Speiden, puiser in the navy
of the United States.
Joint resolution for the relief H. M. Barny.
