700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
Joint resolution for the relief of J. Melville
Gillis and others.
Joint resolution authorizing a settlement of the
accounts of Thomas M. Howe, late pension agent
at Pittsburg;, upon equitable principles.
Joint resolution for.the relief of John B. Kevin,
of Adams county, Mississippi.
Joint resolution for the distribution of the Offi-
cial Register or - Blue Book among the several
Joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Senate 'and Clerk of the House of Representatives
to subscribe for 1,000 copies of a further publica-
tion of the Debates and Proceedings of Congress,
and for other, purposes.
Joint resolution for the relief of the pursers in
the navy as to expenditures made in pursuance of
orders during the war with Mexico.
Joint resolution directing that the Government
of Russia be supplied with certain volumes of the
Narrative of the Exploring Expedition, in lie^ of
those which were lost at sea.
A resolution for the'appointment of regents in
the Smithsonian Institution.
A resolution relating to the compensation of per-
sons appointed to deliver the votes for President
and Vice President of the United States to the
President of the Senate.
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of War
to furnish arms and ammunition to persons emi-
grating to the Territories of Oregon, California,
and New Mexico.
A resolution to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to make an equitable settlement with the
sureties of Robert T. Lytle, late: surveyor general
of the district of. Ohio. •
A resolution to defray the expenses of certain
Chippewa Indians and their interpreter.
A resolution to fix the meaning of the second
section of an act for changing the location -of the
land office in the Chippewa land district, and estab-
lishing an additional land district in Wisconsin.
A resolution relative to the public printings
A' resolution respecting the claims of A. S. and
A. W. Benson.
This sheet completes the Congressional Globe for the 2d Session of the 30th Congress, except the Index and the Appro-
priations made during the Session, which will be sent to subscribers in about two weeks.
The last five numbers of the Congressional Globe have not been published as promptly as usual, on account of the difficulty
of obtaining the official proceedings of the Senate for the last three days of the Session.
Subscribers will be furnished with any numbers not received by them, without charge, if they will write to us for them imme-
diately. Postmasters are authorized by law to frank such letters.
We have printed surplus copies of the Congressional Globe and Appendix for the last session, ^which we will sell for
$1 50 a copy for each—that is,*$ I 50 for a copy of the Congressional Globe, and $1 50 for a copy of the Appendix.
If any person will take both, we send them to him, bound in cloth, free of postage, for $3.
. The Congressional Globe and Appendix will be published next session of Congress (which will be a long one) for $3
each. Both Houses of Congress pay to us $3 each for a long session, and $ 1 50 each for a short one. We°sink money at
these prices, whenever we do not obtain a large number of subscribers. It is probable that the Congressional Globe and
Appendix will each make near 2,000 pages next session of Congress.
