APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Deo. 5,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
credit due to this class of oui officers is the greater,
when it is considered that 110 army in ancient or
modern times was ever better appointed or provided
than our army in Mexico. Operating in an
enemy's country, removed two thousand miles
from the seat of the Federal Government, its dif-
ferent corps spread over a vast extent of territory,
hundreds and even thousands of miles apart from
each other, nothing short of the untiring vigilance
and extraordinary energy of these officers could
have enabled them to provide the army at all points,
and in proper season, with all that was required
for the most efficient service.
It is but an act of justice to declare, that the
officers in charge of the several executive bureaus,
all under the immediate eye and supervision of the
Secretary oflVar, performed their respective duties
"with ability, energy, and efficiency. They have
reaped less of the glory of the war, not having
been personally exposed to its perils in battle, than
their companions in arms ; but without their fore-
cast, efficient aid, and cooperation, those in the
field would not have been provided with the ample
means they possessed of achieving for themselves
and their country the unfading honors which they
have won for both.
When all these facts are considered, it may cease
to be a matter of so much amazement abroad how
it. happened that our noble army in Mexico, regu-
lars and volunteers, were victorious upon every
battle-field, however fearful the odds against them.
The war with Mexico has thus fully developed
the capacity of republican governments to prose- !
cute successfully a just and necessary foreign war
with all the vigor usually attributed to more arbi- ,
trary forms of government. It has been usual for
writers on public law to impute to republics a want
of that unity, concentration of purpose, and vi^or
of execution, which are generally admitted to be-
long to the monarchical and aristocratic forms; and
this feature of popular government has been sup-
posed to display itself more particularly in the con-
duct o.f a war carried on in an enemy's territory. .
The war with Great Britain in 1812, was to a great
extent confined within our own limits, and shed ■
but little light on this subject. But the war which !
we have just closed by an honorable peace, evinces !
beyond all doubt that a popular representative !
government is equal to any emergency which is ,
likely to arise in the affairs of a nation.
The war with Mexico has developed most stri- j
kingly and conspicuously another feature in our in- j
stitutions. It is, that wiLhoutcost to the Government
or danger to our liberties, we have, in the bosom i
of our society of freemen, available in a just and
necessary war, virtually a standing army of two
millions of armed citizen-soldiers, such as fought
the battles of Mexico.
But our nulit.u y strength dm s not consist alone
in_ our capacity for extended and successful oper- '
ations on land. The navy is an important arm of
the national defence. If the services of the navy
were not so brilliant as those of the army in the
late war with Mexico, it Wds because they had no
enemy to meet on their own element. While the !
army had opportunity of performing more conspic- !
uous service, the navy largely participated in the '
conduct of the war. Both branches of the service
performed their whole duty to the country. For
the able and gallant services of the officers and men
of the navy—acting independently us well as m
cooperation with our troops—in the conquest of
the California*, the capture of Vera Cruz, and the
seizure and occupation of other important positions
on the Gulf nnd_ Pacific coasts, the highest praise '
is due. Their vigilance, energy, and skill rendered
the most etlcctive service in excluding munitions ■
of war and other supplies from the enemy, while
they secured a safe entrance lor abundant supplies :
for our own army. Our extended commerce was
nowhere mtenupted; and for this immunity fiom
the evils of war, the country is indebted to the
navy.
High praise is due to the officers of the several i
executive bureaus, navy-yards, and stations con-
nected with the service, all under the immediate P
direction of the Secretary of the Navy, for the in- I
dustry, foresight, and energy with which everv-!i
thing was directed and furnished to give efficiency I'
to that branch of the service. The same vigilance i
pxistea m directing the operations of the navy, as H
pi the army. There was concert of action and of
purpose between the heads of the two arms of the
service. By the orders which were from time to'
time issued, our vessels of war on the Pacific and
the Gulf of Mexico were stationed in proper time
and in proper positions to cooperate efficiently with
the army. By this means their combined power
was brought to bear successfully on the enemy.
The great results which have been developed
and brought to light by this war, will be of im-
measurable importance in the future progress of
our country. They will tend powerfully to pre-
serve us from foreign collisions, and to enable us
to pursue uninterruptedly our cherished policy of
" peace with all nations, entangling alliances with
none."
Occupying, as we do, a more commanding posi-
tion among nations than at any former period, our
duties and our responsibilities to ourselves and to
posterity are correspondingly increased. This
will be the more obvious when we consider the
vast additions which have been recently made to
our territorial possessions, and their great import-
ance and value.
"Within less than four years the annexation of
Texas to the Union has been consummated; all
conflicting title to the Oregon Territory south of
the forty-ninth degree of north latitude, being all
that was insisted on by any of my predecessors,
has been adjusted; and New Mexico and Upper
California have been acquired by treaty. The
area of these several Territories, according to a
report carefully prepared by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office from the most authentic
information in his possession, and which is here-
with transmitted, contains one million one hundred
and ninety-three thousand and sixty-one square
miles', or seven hundied and sixty-three million
five hundied and fifty-nine thousand and forty
act es; while the area of the remaining twenty-nine
States, and the territory not yet organized into
States east of the Pocky Mountains, contains two
million fifty-nine thousand five hundred and thir-
teen square miles, or thirteen hundred and eighteen
million one hundred and twenty-six thousand and
fifty-eight acres. These estimates show that the
territories recently acquired, and over which our
exclusive jurisdiction and dominion have been ex-
tended, constitute a country more than half as
large as all that which was held by the United
States before their acquisition. If Oregon be ex-
cluded from the estimate, there will still remain
within the limits of Texas, New Mexico, and
California, eight hundred and fifty-one thousand
five hundred "and ninety-eight square miles, or five
hundred and forty-five million twelve thousand
seven hundred and twenty acres; being an addition
equal to mote than one-third of all the territory
owned by the United States before their acquisi-
tion; and, including Oregon, nearly as groat an
extent of territory as the whole of Europe, Russia
only excepted. The Mississippi, so lately the
frontier of our country, is now only its centre.
With the addition of the late acquisitions, the
United States are now estimated to be neaiiyas
large as the whole, of Europe. It is estimated by
the superintendent of the coast survey, in the ac-
companying report, that the extent of the seacoast
of Texas on the Gulf of Mexico is upwards of
four hundred miles; of the coast of Upper Cali-
fornia, on the Pacific, of nine hundred and seventy
miles; and of Oregon, including the Straits of
Fuca, of six bundled and fifty miles; matin" the
whole extent of seacoast on the Pacific, one Thou-
sand sik hundred and twenty miles, and the whole
extent on both the Pacific and the Gulf of Mexico
two thousand and twenty miles. The length of
the coast on the, Atlantic, fiom the northern bruits
of the United States, around the Capes of Florida
to the_ Sabine, on the eastern boundary of Texas, !
is estimated to be three thousand one hundred i
miles; so that the addition of seacoast, including |
Oregon, is very nearly two-thirds as great as nil !
we possessed before; and, excluding Oregon, is an j
addition of one thousand three hundred'and sev- 1
enty rmles; being nearly equal to one-half of the
extent of coast which we possessed before these
acquisitions. We have now three great maritime
fronts—on the Atlantic, the Gulf of Mexico, and
the Pacific.—making in the whole an extent of sea-
coast exceeding five thousand miles. This is the
extent of the seacoast of the United States not
including bays, sounds, and small irregularities of !
the main shore, and of the sea islands. If these
be included, the length of the shore line of coast,
as estimated by the superintendent of. the coast
survey, in his report, would be thirty-thiee the u-
sand and sixty-three miles.
It would be difficult to calculate the value of these
immense additions to our territorial possessions.
Texas, lying contiguous to the western boundary
of Louisiana, embracing within its limits a part of
the navigable tributary waters of the Mississippi,
j and an extensive seacoast, could not long have
I remained in the hands of a foreign power without
! endangering the peace of our southwestern frontier,
jj Her products in the vicinity of the tribntaiies of
; the Mississippi musthave sought a maikct through
! these streams, running into and through our terri-
tory; and the danger of irritation and collision of
interests between Texas as a foreign State and our-
■ selves would have been imminent, while the em-
1 barrassnientsin thecommercial intercourse between
them must have been constant and unavoidable.
Had Texas fallen into the hands, or under the
< influence and control of a strong maritime or mili-
: tary foreign power, as she might have done, these
i dangers would have been still greater. They have
I been avoided by her voluntary and peaceful annex-
! ation to the United States. Texas, from her posi-
1 tion,was a natural and almost indispensablepart of
! our territories. Fortunately, she has been restored
[ to our' country, and now constitutes one of the
| States of our Confederacy," upon an equal footing
j with the original States." The salubrity of climate,
the fertility of soil, peculiarly adapted to the pro-
duction of some of our most valuable staple com-
( modities, and her commercial advantages, must
. soon make her one of our most populous States.
New Mexico, though situated in the inter or,
and without a seacoast, is known to contain much
'I fei tile land, to abound in rich mines of the precious
i' metals, and to be capable of sustaining a large pop-
illation. From its position, it is the intermediate
and connecting territory between our settlements
'and our possessions in Texas, and those on the
'1 Pncific coast.
i Upper California, irrespective of the vast min-
i eral wealth recently developed there, holds at this
day, in point of value and importance to the rest
!; of the Union, the same relation that Louisiana did,
I when that fine territory was acquired from France
j forty-five years ago. Extending nearly ten de-
i grees of latitude along the Pacific, and embracing
j the only safe and commodious harbors on that
j coast for many hundred miles, with a temperate
( climate, and an extensive interior of fertile lands,
it is scarcely possible to estimate its wealth until
it shall be brought under the government of our
laws, and its resources fully developed. From its
position, it must command the rich commerce of
China, of Asia, of the islands of the Pacific, of
j Western Mexico, of Central America, the South
Ameiican Slates, and of the Russian possessions
bord ering on that ocean. A. great ompouum will
' doubtless speedily arise on the Cahfornian coast,
which may be destined to rival in importance jNew
Oileans itself. The depot of the vast commerce
, which must exist on the Pacific will probably be
at some point on the bay of San Francisco, and
will occupy the same relation to the whole west-
, em coast of that ocean, as New Orleans does to
j the valjey of the Mississippi and the Gulf of Mex-
! ico. To this depot our numerous whale ships will
; resort with their cargoes, to trade, refit, and obtain
| supplies. Thss of itself will largely contribute to
! build up a city, which would soon become the
; centre of a great and rapidly increasing commerce.
Situated on a safe harbor, sufficiently capacious
for all the navies as well as the marine of the
world, and convenient to excellent timber for ship
building, owned by the United States, it must be-
come our creat western naval depot.
It was known that mine3 of the precious metals
existed to a considerable extent in California at
the time of its acquisition. Recent discoveries
render it probable that these mines are more exten-
sive and valuable than was anticipated. The
accounts of the abundance of gold in that terri-
tory are of such an extraordinary character as
would scarcely command belief were thev not
corroborated by the authentic reports of officers
in the public service, who have visited the mineral
j district, and derived the facts which they detail
frorti personal observation Reluctant to credit
