APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[Dec. 5,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate &- Ho. of Reps.
the South, from the East and the West. They
were all companions-in-arms and fellow-citizens of
the same common country, engaged in "the same
common cause. When prosecuting that war, they
were brethren and friends, and shared alike with
each other common toils, dangers, and sufferings.
Now, when their work is ended, when peace is
restored, and they return again to their homes,
put off the habiliments of war, take their places m
society, and resume their pursuits in civil life,
surely a spirit of harmony and concession, and of
equal regard for the rights of ail and of all sections
of the Union ought to prevail in providing govern-
ments for the acquired territories—the fruits of
their common service. The whole people of the
XJmted States and of every Slate contributed to
defray the expenses of that war; and it wouid not
be just forany one section to exclude another from
all participation in the acquned teiritory. This
would not be in consonance with the just system
of government which the framers of the Constitu-
tion adopted.
The question is believed to be rather abstract
than practical, whether slavery ever can or would
exist in any portion of the acquired territory, even
if it were left to the option of the slavelioldwg
States themselves. From the nature of the cli-
mate and productions, in much the larger portion
of it, it is certain it could never exist; and in
the remainder, the probabilities are, it would not.
But however this may be, the question, involving
as it does, a principle of equality of rights of the
separate and several States, as equal co-partners
in the Confederacy, should not be disregarded.
In organizing governments over these Terri-
tories, no duty imposed on Congress by the Con-
stitution requires that they should legislate on the
subject of slavery, while their power to do so is
not'only seriously questioned, but denied by many
of the soundest expounders of that instrument.
Whether Congress shall legislate or not, the people
of the acquired Territories, when assembled m
convention to form State constitutions, will pos-
sess the sole and exclusive power to determine
for themselves whether slavery shall or shall not
exist within their limits. If Congress shall ab-
stain from interfering with the question, the people
of these Territories will be left free to adjust it as
they may think proper when they apply for ad-
mission as States into the Union. No enactment
of Congress could restrain the people of any of the
sovereign States of the Union, old or new, north
or south, slavcholding or non-slaveholding, fiom
determining the character of their own domestic
institutions as they may deem wise and proper.
Any and all of the States possess this right, and
Congress cannot deprive them of it. The people
of Georgia niight, if they chose, so alter their
constitution as to abolish slavery within its limits;
and the people of Vermont might so alter their
constitution as to admit slavery within its limits.
Both States would possess the right; though, as
all know, it is not probable that either would
exert it.
It is fortunate for the peace and harmony of the
Union that this question is in its natui e temporal y,
and can only continue for the brief period which
will intervene before California and New Mexico
may be admitted as States into the Union. From
the tide of population now flowing into them, it is
highly probable that this will soon occur.
Considering the several States and the citizens
of the several States as equals, and entitled to
equal rights under the Constitution, if this were an
original question, it might well be insisted on that
the principle of non-inteiference is the tiue doc-
trine, and that Congress could not, in the absence
of any express ffrant of power, interfere with their
relative rights. Upon a greatemergency, however,
and under menacing dangers to the Union, the
Missouri compromise line m respect to slavery
was adopted. The same line was extended fur-
ther west in the acquisition of Texas. After an
acquiescence of nearly thirty yeais in the principle
of compromise recognized and established by these
acts, and to avoid the danger to the Union which
might follow if it were now disregarded, I nave !
hetetofore expressed the opinion that that line of
compromise should be extended on the parallel of
thirty-six degrees thirty minutes from the western
boundary of Texas, where it now terminates, to
the Pacific Ocean. This is the middle ground of
compromise, upon which the different sections of
the Union may meet, as they have heretofore met.
If this be done, it is confidently believed a large
majority of the people of every section of the coun-
try", however widely their abstract opinions on the
subject of slavery may differ, would cheerfully
and patriotically acquiesce in it, and peace and
harmony would again fill our borders.
The restriction north of the line was only yielded
to in the case of Missouri and Texas upon a prin-
ciple of compromise, made necessary for the sake
of preserving the harmony, and possibly the exist-
ence of the Union.
It was upon these considerations that, at the
close of your last session, I gave my sanction to
the principle of the Missouri compromise line, by
approving and signing the bill to establish "the
Temtorial Government of Oregon.'" From a sin-
cere desire to preserve the harmony of the Union,
and in defcrcnce for the acts of my predecessors, I
felt constrained to yield my acquiescence to the
extent to which they had gone in compromising
tiiis delicate and dangerous question. But if Con-
gress shall now reverse the decision by which the
Missouri compromise was eifected, and shall pro-
pose to extend the restriction over the whole terri-
tory, south as well as north of the parallel of thirty-
six degrees thirty minutes, it will cease to be a
compromise, and must be regarded as an original
question.
IfCongiess, instead of obseiving the course of
non-interference, leaving the adoption of their own
domestic institutions to the people who may inhabit
those Territories; or if, instead of extending the
Missouri compromise line to the Pacific, shall pre-
fer to submit the legal and constitutional questions
which may arise to the decision of the judicial tri-
bunals, as was proposed m a bill which passed the
Senate at your last session, an adjustment may be
effected in this mode. If the whole subject be
referred to the Judiciary, all parts of the Union
should cheerfully acquiesce in the final decision of
the tribunal created by the Constitution for the
settlement of all questions which may arise under
the Constitution, treaties, and laws of the United
States.
Congress is earnestly invoked, for the sake of
the Union, its harmony, and our continued pios-
pcrity as a nation, to adjust at its present session
this, the only dangerous question which lies in
our path—if not in some one of the modes sug-
gested, in some other which may be satisfactory.
In anticipation of the establishment of regular
governments over the acquired territories, a joint
commission of officers of the army and navy has
been ordered to proceed to the coast of California
and Oregon, for the purpose of making- reconnois-
ftayir.fi and a report as to the proper sites for the
erection of fortifications or other defensive works
on land,and of suitablesituationsfornaval stations.
The information which may be expected from a
scientific and skillful examination of the whole face
of the coast will be eminently useful to Congress,
when they come to consider the propriety of making
appropriations for these great national objects.
Proper defences on land will be necessary for the
security and protection of our possessions; and
the establishment of navy-yards, and a dock for
the repair and construction of vessels, will be
important alike to our navy and commercial ma-
rine. Without such establishments, every vessel,
whether of the navy or of the merchant service,
requiring repair, must at great expense,come round
Cape Horn to one of our Atlantic yards for that
purpose. With such establishments, vessels, it is
believed, may be built or repaired as cheaply m
California as upon the Atlantic coast. They would
give employ ment to many of our enterprising ship-
builders and mechanics, and gieatly facilitate and
enlarge our commerce in the Pacific.
As it is ascertained that mines of gold, silver,
copper, and quicksilver exist in New Mexico and
California, and that nearly all the lands where they
are found belong to the United States, it is deemed
important to the public interests, that provision be !
made for a geological and minera'ogical examina- ;
tion of these regions. Measures should be adopted ■
to preserve the mineral lands, especially such as
contain the precious metals, for the use of the Uni- 1
ted States; or if brought into the market, to sepa- 1
rate them from the farming lands, and dispose of]
them in such manner as to secure a large return of i
money to the treasury, and at the same time lead
I to the development of their wealth by individual
' proprietors and purchasers. To do this, it will be
necessary to provide for an immediate survey and
location of the lots. If Congress should deem it
proper to dispose of the mineral lands, they should
be sold in small quantities, and at a fixed mini-
mum price.
I recommend that surveyor generals5 offices be
authorized to be established in New Mexico and
California, and provision made for surveying and
bringing the public lands into market at the earliest
i practicable period. In disposing of these lands, I
! recommend that the right of preemption be secured,
1 and liberal grants made to the early emigrants
1 who have settled or may settle upon them.
! It will be important to extend our revenue laws
: over these territories, and especially over Califor-
1 nia, at an early period. There is already a con-
! siderable commerce with California; and until
j ports of entry shall be established and collectors
j appointed, no revenue can be received.
If these and other necessary and proper meas-
ures be adopted for the development of the wealth
and resources of New Mexico and California, and
regular territorial governments be established over
j them, such will probably be the rapid enlargement
i of our commerce and navigation, and such the
I addition to the national wealth, that the present
; generation may live to witness the controlling com-
j mercial and monetary power of the world trans-
i ferred from London and other European empori-
I urns to the city of New York.
| The apprehensions which were entertained by
some of our statesmen, in the earlier periods of
; the Government, that our system was incapable of
| operating with sufficient energy and success over
' largely extended territorial limits, and that if this
■ were attempted, it would fall to pieces by its own
; weakness, have been dissipated by our experience,
■ By the division of power between the States and
. Federal Government, the latter is found to operate
| with as much energy in the extremes as m the
| centre. It is as efficient in the remotest of the
thirty States which now compose the Union, as
it was in the thirteen States which formed our
Constitution. Indeed, it may well be doubted
whether, if our present population had been con-
fined within the limits of the original thirteen
States, the tendencies to centralization and consoli-
dation would not have been such as to have en-
croached upon the essential reserved rights of the
j States, and thus to have made the Federal Govern-
! ment a widely different one, practically, from what
i it js in theory, and was intended to be by its
! framers. So far from entertaining apprehensions
; of the safety of our system by the extension of
our territory, the belief is confidently entertained
thateach new State gives strength and an additional
guarantee for the preservation of the Union itself,
j In pursuance of the provisions of the thirteenth
; article of the treaty of peace, friendship, limits, and
i settlement, with the Republic of Mexico, and of
| the act of July the twenty-ninth, 1848, claims of
I our citizens which had been " already liquidated
: and decided against the Mexican Republic,'5
j amounting, with the interest thereon, to two rnil-
. lion twenty-three thousand eight hundred and
I thirty-two dollars and fifty-one ccnts, have been
liquidated and paid. There remain to be paid of
these claims, seventy-four thousand one hundred
and ninety-two dollars and twenty-six cents.
Congress, at its last session, having made no
| provision for executing the fifteenth article of the
; treaty, by which the United States assume to
| make satisfaction for the ''unliquidated claims" of
; our citizens against Mexico, to "an amount not
i exceeding three and a quarter millions of dollars,"
] the subject is again recommended to your favorable
i consideration.
1 The exchange of ratifications of the treaty with
| Mexico took placc on the thirtieth of May, 1848.
; Within one year after that time, the commissioner
! and surveyor which each Government stipulates
| to appoint, are required to meet "at the port of
j { San Diego, and proceed to run and mark the said
1 s boundary in its whole course to the mouth of the
{ Rio Dravo del Norte." It will be seen from this
provision, that the period within which a com-
missioner and surveyor of the respective Govern-
ments are to meet at San Diego, will expire on
the thirtieth of May, 1849. Congress, at the close
