APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 5,
30th Cons.....2b Sess.
Message of the President.
Sen.
& Ho. of Reps.
never more prosperous than at the present period,
and never more rapidly advancing in wealth and
population. Neither the foreign war in which we
jhave been involved? nor the loans which have ab-
sorbed so large a portion of our capital, nor the
commercial revulsion in Great Britain in 1847, nor
the paralysis of credit and commerce throughout
Europe in 1848, have affected injuriously to any
considerable extent any of the great interests of
the country, or arrested our onward march to
greatness, wealth, and power.
Had the disturbances in Europe not occurred,
our commerce would undoubtedly have been stiU
more extended, and would have auded still moie to
the national wealth and public prosperity. But j
notwithstanding these disturbances, the operations |
of the revenue system established by the tariff act [
of 1846 have been so geneially beneficial to the j
Government and the business of the country, that j
no change in its provisions is demanded by a wise J
public policy, and none is recommended. j
The operations of the constitutional treasury j
established by the act of the sixth of August, 1846,
in the receipt, custody, and disbursement of the
public money, have continued to be successful.
Under the system the publicfinances have been car-
ried through a foreign war, involving the necessity
ofToans and extraordinary expenditures, and requir-
ing distant transfers and disbursements, without
embarrassment, and no loss has occurrcd of any
of the public money deposited under its provisions.
Whilst it has proved to be safe and useful to the
Government, its effects have been most beneficial ;
upon the business of the country. It has tended [
powerfully to secure an exemption from that in- j
Nation and fluctuation of the paper currency, so I
injurious to domestic industry, and rendering so \
uncertain the rewards of labor, and it is believed
has largely contributed to preserve the whole coun- j
try from a serious commercial revulsion, such as 1
often occurred under the bank depositc system. ^
In the year 1847 there was a revulsion m the busi- j
ness of Great Britain of greatextent and intensity, j
which was followed by failures in that kingdom !
unprecedented in number and amount of losses. |
This is believed to be the first instance when such I
disastrous bankruptcies, occurring in a country j
"with which we have such extensive commerce, |
produced little or no injurious effect upon our trade j
or currency. We remained but little affected in
our money market, and our business and industry
were still prosperous and progressive.
During the present year, nearly the whole con-
tinent of Europe has been convulsed by civil war
and revolutions, attended by numerous bankrupt-
cies, by an unprecedented fall m their public
Securities, and an almost universal parulysis of
commerce and industry; and yet, although our
trade and the prices of our products must have
been somewhat unfavorably affected by these
causes, we have escaped a revulsion, our money
market is comparatively easy, and public and
private credit have advanced and improved.
It is confidently believed that we have been
saved from their effect by the salutary operation
of the constitutional treasury. It is certain, that if
the twenty-four millions of specie imported into
the country during the fiscal year ending on the
thirtieth of June, 1847, had gone into the banks,
as to a great extent it must have done, it would,
in the absenee of this system, have been made the
basis of augmented bank paper issues, probably 1
to an amount not less than sixty or seventy mil-'
lions of dollars, producing, as an inevitable con-
sequence of an inflated currency, extravagant \
prices for a time, and wild speculation, which |
must have been followed, on the reflux to Europe, ]
the succeeding year, of so much of that specie, by 1
the prostration of the business of the country, the j
suspension of the. banks, and most extensive |
bankruptcies. Occurring, as this would have '
done, at a period when the country was engaged
in a foreign war; when considerable loans of spe-
cie were required for 'distant disbursements, and
when the batiks, the fiscal agents of the Govern-
ment, and the depositories of its money, were
suspended, the public credit must have sunk, and
many millions of dollars, as was the case during
the war of 1812, must have been sacrificed in dis-
counts upon loans, and upon the depreciated paper
currency which the Government would have been
compelled to use.
Under the operations of the constitutional treas-
ury, not a dollar has been lost by the depieciation
of the currency. The loans required to prosecute
the war with Mexico were negotiated by the See-
retaiy of the Treasury above par, realizing a large
premium to the Government. The restraining
effect of the system upon the tendencies to exces-
sive paper issues by banks has saved the Govern-
ment from heavy losses* and thousands of our
business men from bankruptcy and ruin. The
wisdom of the system has been tested, by the ex-
perience of the hist two years; and it is the dictate
of sound policy that it should remain undisturbed.
The modifications in some of the details of this
measure, involving none of its essential principles,
heretofore lecommended, aie again piesented for
your favorable consideration.
In my message of the sixth of July last, trans-
mitting to Congress the ratified treaty of peace
with Mexico, I recommended the adoption of
measures for the speedy payment of the public
debt. In reiterating that recommendation, I refer
you to the considerations presented in that mes-
sage in its support. The public debt, including
that authorized to be negotiated, in pursuance
of existing laws, and including treasury notes,
amounted at that time to sixty-five million seven
hundred and seventy-eight thousand four hundred
and fifty dollars and forty-one cents.
Funded stock of the United States, amounting
to about half a million of dollars, has been pur-
chased, as authorised by law, since that period,
and the public debt has thus been reduced, the
details of which will be presented in the annual
leport of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The estimates of expenditures for the next fiscal
year, submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury,
it is believed will 'be ample for all necessary pur-
poses. If the appropriations made by Congress ,
shall not exceed the amount estimated, the means
in the treasury will be sufficient to defray all the
expenses of the Government; to pay off the next
instalment of three millions of dollars to Mexico,
which will fall due on the thirtieth of May next;
and still a considerable surplus will remain, which
should be applied to the further purchase of the
public stock and reduction of the debt. Should
enlarged appropriations be made, the necessary
consequence will be to postpone the payment of
the debt. Though our debt, as compared with
that of most other nations, is small, it is our true
policy, and in harmony with the genius of our
institutions, that we should present to the world
the raie spectacle of a great republic, possessing
vast icsources and wealth, wholly exempt from
public indebtedness. This would add still more
to our strength, and give to us a still more com-
manding position among the nations of the earth.
The public expenditures should be economical,
and be confined to such neccssary objects as are
clearly within the powers of Congress. All such
as are not absolutely demanded should be post-
poned, and the payment of the public debt at the
eailiest practicable period should be a caidmal
principle of our public policy.
For the reason assigned in my last annual mes-
sage, I repeat the recommendation that a branch
of the mint of the United States be established at
the city of New York. The importance of this
measure is greatly increased by the^acquisition of
the rich mines of the precious metals in New
Mexico and California, and especially in the latter.
1 repeat the recommendation, heretofore made,
in favor of the graduation and reduction of the
price of such of the public lands as have been long
offered in the market, and have remained unsold,
i and in favor of extending the rights of preemption
1 to actual settlers on the unsurveyed as well as the
j surveyed lands.
i The condition and operations of the army, and
; the state of other branches of the public service,
1 under the supervision of the War Department, are
satisfactorily presented in the accompanying report
1 of the Secretary of War.
i On the return of peace, our forces were with-
! drawn from Mexico, and the volunteers, and that
! portion of the regular army engaged for the war,
| were disbanded. Orders have been issued for sta-
tioning the forces of our permanent establishment
at various positions in our extended country where
troops may be required. Owing to the remoteness
of some of these positions, the detachments have
not yet reached their destination. Notwithscand-'
ing the extension of the limits of our country and
the forces required in the new territories, it is con-
fidently believed that our present military estab-
lishment is sufficient for all exigencies, so long as
our peaceful relations remain undisturbed.
Of the amountof military contributions collected
in Mexico, the-sum of seven hundred and sixty-
nine thousand six handled and fifty dollars was
applied towards the payment of the first instal-
ment due under the treaty with Mexico. The
further sum of three hundred and forty-six thou-
sand three hundred and sixty-nine dollars and thirty
cents has been paid into the lieasury, and unex*
pended balances still remain in the handa of dis-
bursing officers and those who were engaged in
the collection of these moneys. After the procla-
mation of peace, no further disbursements were
made of any unexpended moneys arising from this
source. The balances on hand were directtd to be
paid into the treasury, and individual claims or*
the fund will remain unadjusted until Congress
shall authorize their settlement and payment.
These claims are not considerable in number or
amount.
I recommend to your favorable consideration the
suggestions of the Secretary of War and the Sec-
retary of the Navy in regard to legislation on this?
subject.
Our Indian relations are presented in a most
favorable view in the report from the War Depart-
ment. The wisdom of our policy in regaid to the
tribes within our limits, is clearly manifested by
their improved and rapidly improving condition.
A most important treaty with the Menomonies
has been recently negotiated by the Commissioner
of Indian Ailairs m person, by which all their land
in the State of Wisconsin—being about four mil-
lions of acres—has been ceded to the United States.
This treaty will be submitted to the Senate for rati-
fication at an early period of your present session.
Within the last four years, eii-ht important
treaties have been negotiated with different Indian
tribes, and at a cost of one million eight hundred
and forty-two thousand dollars; Indian land3 to
the amount of more than eighteen million five hun-
dred thousand acres, have been ceded to the United
States ; and provision has been made for settling
in the country west of the Mississippi the tribes
which occupied this large extent of the public do-
main. The title to all the Indian lands within the
several States of our Union, with the exception of
a few small reservations, is now extinguished, and
a vast region opened for settlement and cultivation.
The accompanying report of the Secretary of
the Navy gives a satisfactory exhibit of the oper-
ations and condition of that branch of the public,
service.
A number of small vessels, suitable for entering
the mouths of rivers, were judiciously purchased
during the war, and gave great efficiency to the
squadron in the Gulf of Mexico. On the return
of peace, when no longer valuable for naval pur-
poses, and liable to constant deterioration, they
were sold, and the money placcd in the treasury.
The number of men in the naval service, au-
thorized by law during the war, has been reduced
by discharges below the maximum fixed for the
peace establishment. Adequate squadrons are
maintained m the several quarters of the globe,
where experience has shown their services may
be most usefully employed; and the naval service
was never in a condition of higher discipline or
greater efficiency.
I invite attention to the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Navy on the subject of the marine
corps. The reduction of the corps at the end of
the war, required that four officers of cach of the
three lower grades should be dropped from the
rolls. A board of officers made the selection; and
those designated were necessarily dismissed, but
without any alleged fault. I concur in opinion
with the Secretary, that the service would be im-
proved by reducing the number of landsmen, and
increasing the marines. Such a measure would
justify an increase of the number of officers to the
extent of the reduction by dismissal, and still the
corps would have fewer officers than a correspond-
ing number of men in the army.
The contracts for the transportation of the mail
in steamships convertible into war-steamers, prom-
ise to realize all the benefits to our commerce and
