1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
to the navy which were anticipated. The first
steamer thus secured to the Government was
launched in January, 1847. There are now seven;
and in another year there will, probably, be not
less than seventeen afloat. While this great na-
tional advantage is secured, our social and com-
mercial intercourse is increased and promoted with
Germany, Great Britain, and other parts of Eu-
rope, wall all the countries on the west coast of
our continent, especially with Oregon and Califor-
nia, and between the noithern and southern sec-
tions of the United States. Considerable revenue
may be expected from postages; but the connected
line from New York to Chagres, and thence across
the isthmus to Oregon, cannot fail to exert a benefi-
cial influence, not now to be estimated, on the in-
terests of the manufactures, commerce, navigation,
and currency oftheUnitedStates. As an important
part of the system, 1 recommend to your favorable
consideration the establishment of the proposed
line of steamers between New Orleans and Vera
Cruz. It promises the most happy results in
cementing friendship between the two Republics,
and in extending reciprocal benefits to tlie trade
and manufactures of both.
The report of the Postmaster General will make
known to you the operations of that department
for the past year.
It is gratifying to find the revenues of the de-
partment, under the rates of postage now estab-
lished by law, so rapidly increasing. The gross
amount of postages during the last fiscal year
amounted to four million three hundred and sev-
enty-one thousand and seventy-seven dollars, ex-
ceeding the annual average leceived for the nine
years immediately preceding the passage of the
act of the third of March, 1845, by the sum of six
thousand four hundred and fifty-three dollars, and
exceeding the amount received for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, 1847, by the sum of four
hundred and twenty-five thousand one hundred
and eighty-four dollars.
The expenditures for the year, excluding the
sum of ninety-four thousand six hundred and
seventy-two dollars, allowed by Congiess, at its
last session, to individual claimants, and including
the sum of one hundred thousand five hundred
dollars paid for the services of the line of steamers
between Bremen and New York, amounted to four
million one hundred and ninety-eight thousand
eight hundred and forty-five dollars, which is less
than the annual average for the nine years pre-
vious to the act of 1845, by three hundred thou-
sand seven hundred and forty-eight dollars.
The mail routes, on the thirtieth day of June
last, were one hundred and sixty-three thousand
two hundred and eight miles m extent—being an
increase during the last year of nine thousand
three hundred and ninety miles. The mails were
transported over them, during the same time, forty-
one million twelve thousand five hundred and
seventy-nine miles; making an increase of trans-
portation for the year of two million one hundred
and twenty-four thousand six hundred and eighty
miles, whilst the expense was less than that of the
previous year by four thousand two hundred and
thirty-five dollars.
The increase in the mail transportation within
the last three j'cars has been five million thiee
hundred and seventy-eight thousand three hundred
and ten miles, whilst the expenses were reduccd
four hundred and fifty-six thousand seven hundred
and thirty-eight dodars—making an increase of
service at the rate of fifteen per cent., and a re-
duction in the expenses of more than fifteen per
cent.
During the past year, there have been employed,
under contracts with the Post Office Depaitment,
two ocean steamers m conveying the mails month-
ly between New York and Bremen, and one, since
October last, performing semi-monthly service be-
tween Chnilfcston and Havana; and a contract has
been made for the transput tation of the Pacific
mails across the isthmus from Chagres to Panama.
Under the authority given to the Secretary of
the Navy, three ocean steamers have been con-
structed and sent to the Pacific, and are expected
to enter upon the mail service between Panama
and Oregon, and the intermediate ports, on the
first January next, and a fourth has been engaged
by him for the service between Havana and Cha-
gres; so that a regular monthly mail line will be
kept up after that time between the United States
and our territories on the Pacific.
Notwithstanding this great increase in the mail
service, should the revenue continue to increase
the present year as it did in the last, there will be ,
received near four hundred and fifty thousand dol- ij an
lars more than the expenditures.
These considerations have satisfied the Postmas-
ter General that, with certain modifications of the
act of 1845, the revenue may be still further in-
j creased, and a reduction of postages made to a
i uniform rate of five cents, without an interference
' with the principle, which has been constantly and
system of measures was therefore devised, calcu-
lated, if not intended, to withdraw power gradually
and silently from the States and the mass of the
people, and by construction to approximate our
government to the European models, substituting
an aristocracy of wealth for that of orders and
titles.
| _ Without reflecting upon the dissimilarity of our
■ institutions, and of the condition of ourpeople and
' those of Europe, they conceived the vain idea of
building up in the United States a system similar
1 to that which they admired abroad. Great Britain
. - I , had a national bank of large capital, in whose
pioperly enforced, of making that department sus- ; hands was concentrated the controlling monetary
tain itself 1 and financial power of the nation; an institution
i j-'S. ■ • eap P°staSe system iathebcst jj wielding almost kingly power, and exerting vast
means of diffusing intelligence among the people, j influence upon all the operations of trade, and'upon
ana is or so much importance in a country so h the policy of the government itself. Great Britain
extensive as that of the United States, that I recom- , had an enormous pubJic debt, and it had become a
mend to your favorable consideration the sugges- part of her public, policy to regard this as a " pub-
tions of the Postmaster General for its improve- \ lie blessinsr." Great Britain had also a restrictive
. 1 policy, which placed fetters and burdens on trade,
iNothmg can retard the onward progress of our !' and trammeled the productive industry of the mass
country, and prevent us from assuming; and main- 1 of the nation. By her combined system of policy
taming the first rank among nations, but a disre- '/ the landlords and other property-holders were pro-
gard of the experience of the past, and a recurrence '' tected and enriched by the enormous taxes which
to an unwise public policy. We have just closed , were levied upon the labor of the country for their
a foreign war by an honorable peace—a war ren- advantage.
dered necessary and unavoidable in vindication of I! Imitating this foreign policy, the first stop in
the national rights and honor. The present con- '\ establishing the new system in the United States
dition of the country is similar in some respects to j was the creation of a national bank. Not fore-
that which existed immediately after the close of j: seeing the dangerous power and countless evils
the war with Great Britain in i815, and the occa- j, which such an institution might entail on the
sion is deemed to be a proper one to take a -retro- jj country, nor perceiving the connection which it
spcct of the measures of public policy which fol- ;j was designed to form "between the bank and the
lowed that war. There was at that period of our ii other branches of the miscalled " American sys-
history a departure from our earlier policy. The 'i fem.'Minf faplino* thf fmharvnssmpnto nftko
enlargement of the powers of the Federal Govern- [
ment by construction^ which obtained, was not
warranted by any just interpretation of the Con-
stitution. A few years after the close of that war,
a series of measures was adopted which, united and i
combined, constituted what was termed by their !
authors and advocates the (t American system." j
The introduction of the new policy was for a •
time favored by the condition of the country; by |
the heavy debt which had been contracted during j
the war; by the depression of the public credit; by \
the deranged state of the finances and the currency; j
and by the commercial and pecuniary embarrass- i
ment which extensively prevailed. These were ;
not the only causes which led to its establishment.
The events of the war with Great Britain, and the (
embarrassments which had attended itsprosecution, J
had left on the minds of many of our statesmen
the impression that our Government was not
strong enough, and that to wield its resources suc-
cessfully in great emergencies, and especially in
war, more, power should be concentrated in its
hands. This increased power they did not seek
to obtain by the legitimate and prescribed mode—
an amendment of the Constitution—but by con-
struction. They saw governments in the Old
tem,"but feeling the embarrassments of the treas-
ury, and of the business of the country, consequent
upon the war, some of our statesmen who had
held different and sounder views were induced to
yield their scruples, and, indeed, settled convic-
tions of its unconstitutionality, and to give it their
sanction, as an expedient which they vainly hoped
might produce relief. It was a most unfortunate
error, as the subsequent history and final catas-
trophe of that dangerous and corrupt institution
have abundantly proved. The bank, with its nu-
mcrous branches, ramified into the States, soon
i1 brought many of the active political and commer-
i: cial men in different sections of the country into
i1 the relation of debtors to it, and dependants upon
I! it for pecuniary favors; thus diffusing throughout
| the mass of society a great number of individuals
! of power and influence to give tone to public opin-
i ion, and to act in concert in cases of emergency,
j The corrupt power of such a political engine is po
i longer a matter of speculation, having been dis-
j played in numerous instances, but most signally
| m the political struggles of 1832-'3-'4, in opposi-
tion to the public will represented by a fearless and
i patriotic President.
j But the bank was but one branch of the new
system. A public debt of more than one hundred
World based upon different orders of society, and \\ and twenty millions of dollars existed; and it is
so constituted as to throw the whole power of!j not to be disguised that many of the authors of
nations into the hands of a few, who taxed and j! the new system did not regard its speedy payment
contiolled the many without responsibility or 'i as essential to the public prosperity, but looked
restraint. In that arrangement they conceived i! upon its continuance as no national evil. Whilst
the strength of nations in war consisted. There the debt existed, it furnished aliment to the national
was also something fascinating in the ease, lux- j bank, and rendered increased taxation necessary
ury, and display of the higher orders, who drew j
their wealth from the toil of the laboring millions, i
The authors of the system drew their ideas of
political economy from what they had witnessed ■
m Europe, and particularly inGreatBritain. They
had viewed the enormous wealth concentrated in '
few hands, and had seen the splendor of the over- 1
grown establishments of an anstocrary which was '
to the amount of the interest, exceeding seven mil-
lions of dollars annually.
This operated in harmony with the next branch
of the new system, which was a high protective
taiiff. This was to afford bounties to favored
classes and particular pursuits, at the expense of
all others. A proposition to tax the whole people
for the purpose of enriching a few, was too mon-
strous to be openly made. The scheme was,
therefore, veiled under the plausible but delusive
upheld by the restrictive policy. They forgot to 1
look down upon the poorer classes of the English t
population, upon whose daily and yearly labor the !r pretext of a measure to protect " home industry;"
arioat establishments they so much admired were j and many of our people were, for a time, led to
sustained and supported. They failed to perceivc !j believe that a tax which in the mam fell upon la-
that the scantily-fed and half-clad operatives were ! bor, was for the benefit of the laborer who paid it.
not only in abject poverty, but were bound in ! This branch of the system involved a partnership
chains of oppressive servitude for the benefit of'! between the Government and the favored classes-
i t ' ' « _ _  .- _ i r _ _. /> , . i      ^c  i%« ^ :*
favored classes, who were the exclusive objects of
the care of the government.
It was not possible to reconstruct society in the
United States upon the European plan. Here
the former receiving the proceeds of the tax im-
posed on articles imported, and the latter the in-
| creased price of similar articles produced at home,
caused by such tax. It is obvious that the portion
there was a written constitution, by which orders to be received by the favored classes would, as a
and titles were not recognized or tolerated. A general rule, be increased in proportion to the in,-
