12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 9,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. op Rj
,ps.
visions, and other domestic articles, exclusive of
specie, to the value of $78,741,416; and Great
Britain and Ireland, of the value of $64,222,268.
And this is the trade of our best foreign customers,
which protectionists propose to sacrifice by high
or prohibitory duties. If the tariff of 1842 gradu-
ally excluded, as it must, nearly all British fab-
rics, could they take $73,741,416 in value of our
exports, whilst we would take from them scarcely
anything but specie in exchange? Such a trade
would exhaust Great Britain of her surplus specie
in a single year, and leave her nothiag with which
to purchase our exports; and so in regard to all
other nations. Thus would go our foreign mar-
kets, commerce, and revenue, and with them our
carrying trade ; and our vessels and steamships
would lernain at the wharves without freight.
If the importation of protected articles would rap-
idly decrease when the foreign were high in price,
and specific duties operated as a protection, under
the tanfT of 184% from 41 to 243 per cent., (per
table H, compiled from treasury returns in 1844,)
what must not have been the decline of importa-
tion and revenue, when the foreign article fell, as
it has in many cases, fifty per cent., bringing up
the specific duty from 1 to 82, and from 243 to 486
per cent./
This fact illustrates another objection to the spe-
cific duty, namely, that although it professes to be
stationary, it is in fact constantly augmenting from
reduced prices of foreign articles. Experience
proves that from unproved machinery, new inven-
tions, and reduced cost of production, the foreign
articles are constantly diminishing in price; whilst
the specific duty lemaimng unchanged, it is con-
stantly incieasing in ratio as an equivalent ad va-
lorum, and the protection augmenting every year:
thus, if the price of sugar was six cents a pound
and the duty three cents, it would be equal to fifty
per cent, ad valorum; but if the price of sugar fell
t > three cents, the duties would have risen to one
hundred per ccnt. ad valorum; thus doubling the I
protection, and continually augmenting with de- i
c "easing foreign prices until the duty becomes pro- j
hibitory, and the revenue on such articles disap- i
pears; wheieas, the ad valorum bears, under all
changes of price, the same exact ratio to the cost
of the foreign fabrics, and therefore is the most
just and equal, as also necessarily insuring a larger
revenue.
Annexed will be found the table marked H, of
seventy-four princi pal protected articles, prepared
at the Treasury Department in 1844, from actual
returns, and attached, together with others, to the
very able tepoit by Mi. McKay, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, of JVlarch II, 1844,
embracing coal, iron, glass, salt, sugar, cotton
goods, &c.; showing the actual specific and mini-
mum duties under the tauff of 1843 on those arti-
cles, and the equivalent ad valorum, ranging from
41 to 243 per cent. Now, if these foreign articles
have fallen in price since that date fifty per cent.,
the equivalent ad valorem would of course now
range from 82 to 480] per cent., and would go on
enne. The augmented revenue under the tariff of j
1846 has proved that ad valorem duties can be ,
fairly assessed and collected. It is shown, also,
by the returns, that this augmented revenue is de- ;
rived from a comparatively small amount of for-
eign imports consumed in. the United States. That
amount is shown by the table before referred to,
marked F, of all those foreign imports in the year
ending 30th June, 1848, exclusive of specie thus
consumed, being but $127,490,012, upon which
was realized a net revenue of §31,757,070 96.
It appears also, from the table, that so far from
this tariff having filled the country with foreign
goods beyond its capacity for consumption, the
domestic export last year, exclusive of specie, ac-
tually exceeded, by_ the sum (ppr same table) of
$2,713,697, the foreign imports, exclusive of specie,
consumed the same year in the United States, in-
cluding ail articles but specie, both free and dutiable;
thus showing a balance of foreign trade in our favor,
without taking into view the immense profit real-
ized in the foreign market on our exports, generally
estimated at about fifteen per cent., or the profits
of freight and navigation. This was not a year of
famine abroad, but of abundant crops in Europe;
attended also with revulsions there highly unfavor-
able to our commerce, creating innumerable foreign
bankruptcies, by which vast sums were lost to
American creditors, required to be replaced by the
export of our specie, which was greatly augmented
by the discredit in our market of all bills drawn on
our foreign shipments, producing, by this artificial
rise of exchange, an unnatural demand for specie
and a consequent exportation. But all this specie
must soon come back to our country, except so far
as it is lost by foreign bankruptcy.
Itappears that for the year ending June 30, 1848,
(not of famine, but of abundant crops in Europe,)
i our exports of breadstuff's and provisions (per table
I) amounted to the sum of £37,472,751, being
largely more than double the average annual ex-
port during the tariff of 1842. The result th-s
year demonstrates, that even without a famine, and
in seasons of good crops abroad, and even when
their means were exhausted the preceding year by
an unprecedented loss of specie, producing unpa-
ralleled revulsions and bankruptcies, yet with low
duties, enabling them to exchange their fabrics for
our surplus of agricultural products, they could
and did take a large amount of our breadstuffs and
provisions, to the value of $37,472,751. Thus,
whilst our farmers found this large foreign market
for their surplus, which otherwise must have re-
mained unsold here,ournavigatinginterest received
a new impulse as well as our commerce, our ton-
nage having increased during the la>t year (per
j table F) from 2,839,04(i to 3,150,502 tons, being
I more than three times the increase we ever realized
! in the same time under any protective tariff, and
' making the whole increased tonnage, under the
' tariff of 1846, 588,417 tons. The inciease of our
! commerce, during the two' years since the enact-
| went of the tariff of 1846, has been sn great, that
j our domestic exports, exclusive of specie carried
increasing as the foreign article diminished in price, {' abroad, exceeded by the vast sum of ^80,605,181,
soon becoming absolutely prohibitory, and de-j| the exports of the two years ptecedin^, under the
stroyingall revenue. In this aspect of the case, the ■ tariff of 1842. Whilst the tariff of 1846 has thus
objections to the specific duties as a permanent sys- i! augmented our commerce, tonnage, and revenue, it
tem with a view to revenue, are insuperable; while 'j has seen the country pass uninjured through the
their unjust operation upon labor, m imposing so !| ordeal of an expensive foreign war, absorbing and
much higher duties as an equivalent ad valorem !j withdrawing from industry nearly fifty millions of
on the cheaper than the more costly qualities of f
goods, cannot be successfully defended. Our !
manulactuiers do not desire the restoration of the !
tanfl of 1842. They know, from its excessive and >
prohibitory dutie.s, it will soon annihilate imports i
and revenue, and produce a reaction fatal to the'
protective policy. They know, also, that from i
its immense bounties, ranging at present prices j
fiom sixty to three hundred per cent., it will stim- 1
uiute domestic productions in a few years to such !
an extent as finally to prove most disastrous to our |
matiufactureis. That which our manufacturers !
now desire, is what they regard as moderate duties :
made specific m certain cases. But these specific t
duties will, as has been shown, be found constantly j
augmenting in ratio under the operation of the I
general principle by which the foreign article is
continually tending to diminish price; whereas the
capital for loans. It has seen the great revulsion
in England of 1847 pass over us almost unharmed,
together with the general ovei throw ofGovernmeots
on the continent of Europe, with the unparalleled
destruction of confidence, credit, and industry there,
and with millions lost to our merchants by foreign
bankruptcies; yet even through this ordeal, under
the benign influence of the tariff of 1846, the coun-
try has passed, and is still prosperous and pro-
gressive, and prices of manufactures are far less
depressed than has been the case m all such pre-
ceding revulsions.
Upon the reenactment of the tariff of 1842, or
any similar restrictive measure, smuggling to a
vast extent will become an organized system. By
estimates from the Topographical Bureau and
Coast Survey hereto annexed, (marked AA, and
- -—j «.u uuiihii H pi ice; vviiertas me j BB,) itappears that our direct maritime ocean front, !
ad valorem, always bearing the same proportion j! exclusive of bays, inlets, islands, &c., amounts to ;
to the value of the import, is therefore always the i' 5,120 miles, our frontier upon Mexico to 1,456,!
most just and equal, and yielding the largest rev- jj and our frontier upon the British possessions to i
3,303 miles; making, in all, 9,879 miles which we
have to guard against smugglers. But if, in addi-
tion to this, as must be done, we take the shore
line of the United States on the Atlantic, the
Pacific, and the Gulf, including the bays, sounds,
and other irregularities of the sea-shore and of sea-
islands, and of the rivers to head of tide, it makes
a distance of 33,063 miles, as estimated by the
Coast Survey, which, added to 4,759 miles of fron-
tier upon the British and Mexican possessions,
constitutes an entire line open to smugglers of
37,822 miles; to protect which against illicit im-
portation, under the temptation of such a tariff as
that of 1842, would be impossible.
In this manner smuggling, so debasing and
demoralizing, so destructive to revenue, so injuri-
ous to the honest trader and to the whole country,
creating a contempt for the laws and the authority
of the Union, would become the safety-valve of the
protective policy by the operation of causes beyond,
all governmental control.
Since my last report, the continent of Europe
has been convulsed by revolutions and civil com-
motions, paralyzing their commerce, credit, and
industry, and diminishing our trade with them,
compared with what it would have been if these
events had not occurred. Nevertheless, such have
been the advantages of our more unrestricted com-
merce with all the world, that the estimates of
revenue for this fiscal year, presented in my last
report, may yet be realized, the quarter ending
on the 30th of September last, being the first
quarter of the present fiscal year, having yielded
$8,991,935 07.
The adoption by each nation of high tariffs, is a
war upon the labor of the world. As labor is more
productive, capital is more rapidly increased, and
wages augmented; yet the tarifl, by compelling
each nation to employ a portion of its industry in
articles which can be produced more cheaply
abroad, and refusing the exchange, forces labor
throughout the world into less profitable pursuits,
and, as a consequence, diminishes the products of
labor as well as its wages. Thus, if silks can be
manufactured at a less cost in Europe, and bread-
stuffs more cheaply in this country, and by high
tariffs we prevent the import of silks here, whilst
by a similar tariff abroad, or their inability to pur-
chase from us because we will not take their fabrics
in exchange, our breadstuffs are excluded, to a
greater or less extent, from their market, and their
silks from our own, labor is forced in both coun*
tries into less productive pursuits, and both parties
have sustained a loss. International tariffs diminish
the aggregate value of the profits of labor to the
extent of hundreds of millions of dollars every
year, and reduce correspondingly the wages of
labor. It would be most useful to examine the
tariffs ofall nations, and ascertain how much labor
in each is thereby diverted into less productive
pursuits. These tables have never yet been col-
lected; but if, of the thousand millions of people of
the earth, the labor of two hundred millions is thus
rendered less profitable to the extent of one cent a
day for each, the annual lobs would be six hundred
millions of dollars. Man was commanded to labor,
but he was permitted by his Maker to employ his
industry in each country in those pursuits for
which it was best suited, and where his labor
would be less severe and better rewarded.
But the laws of man by high duties diminish
the products of his industry, thus augment his
hours of toil, and deprive him of the time designed
by his Creator for the acquisition of knowledge.
These laws also, whilst diminishing the wealth of
nations, produce discord between them; each by
high tariffs proclaiming war upon the industry of
all others. Under free trade each nation will profit
by the labor of every other; each will employ its
industry in those pursuits for which it is best
adapted, and the surplus of each be thus ex-
changed with the others, by a reciprocal com-
merce beneficial to all parties. The true indus-
trial interests of nations are identical; and in ex-
changing with each other the products mostcheaply
produced by each, labor everywhere benefits labor,
man his brother-man, and nations each other, and
their only antagonism is introduced by human
legislation. The doctrine of free trade is the peti-
tion of labor to employ itself everywhere in those
pursuits best adapted by nature to every country,
and yielding, therefore, in each the largest pro-
