1848.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate &. Ho. of Reps.
ducts and highest wages. It looks upon our race
everywhere as friends, as brethren, as equal in
rights, and uniled in interest and destiny. Rightly
understood, there is perfect unity of interest be-
tween man and man, and nation and nation, and
between capital find labor.
We see the benefits of reciprocal free trade
.among all the States of this Union: although their
wages, products, and fabrics, are as various as
those of separate nations, yet all the States find it
to be their true interest to admit freely the pro-
ducts of each. The benefits of this unrestricted
reciprocal commerce constitute the great bond of
interest, constantly augmenting, winch keeps to-
gether the various parts; but if the protective
doctrinc be true, it would be the real interest of
each and of all these States to impose duties upon
similar products in others, for the protection of
the people of each State. Yet, clear as is this
proof of the benefits of reciprocal free trade be-
tween the States of this Union, the principle, as a
question of political economy, is the same extend-
ed to other States, not united with us under the
same Government. The difference in their politi-
cal institutions cannot affect the great principles of
commerce. The local laws of Ohio and Louisiana,
of Mississippi and Massachusetts, are more vari-
ant in some respects than those of many other
States beyond the limits of the Union. Now,
whilst we acknowledge the benefits of reciprocal
free trade between these four States, thus differing
in their local institutions, wages, and products, the
protectionists deny that it would be beneficial to
establish reciprocal unrestricted commerce with
other States beyond our limits. Yet variant forms
of government can make no difference as to the
reciprocal benefits of commerce. If free trade be
beneficial among: all republican States, it might at
least be extended to them, although monarchies
were excluded; but none will maintain that nations
should restrict their commerce with each other,
because they differ in their form of government.
Although governments may differ, we are one race
throughout the globe; the toiling millions who
inhabit it have one interest; and, as a question of
political economy, the benefits of free trade must
be the same, whether extended to States within or
beyond the limits of the same government; and
each State, though separated hereafter by some
catastrophe from every other State, would be alike
still benefited by reciprocal fiee trade among the
whole, for their commercial interests would not
change with the separation from the confeder-
acy.
A Congress representing the several States of this
Union perceive how injurious would be the effect
of a tariff by any one upon its own interests and that
of all the Stales. Now, trade is not geographical
or political, and if a congress of delegates from all
nations were assembled, they would soon perceive
that commerce was a unit; that it was not local
but international; and that tariffs by one or more
nations on the products of others, were just as in-
jurious to each and to all nations, as would be a
tariff in one State upon the productions of all the
other States of the Union. If, then, in such a con-
gress of all nations, reassembling from time to time,
their several tariffs were discussed, and their inju-
rious effects upon each and every other nation
demonstrated, the whole protective systemthiough-
out the world would fail before the light of such
an investigation. Wherever the laws of nature are
beyond the reach of man, there is pcifect order
under the direction of Almighty power; but when-
ever man can disturb these laws, discord and in-
jury arc sure to ensue. The earth, the sun, and
countless systems wheeling through universal space,
move onward in perfect order and beauty; bute\en
the harmony of the spheres would be disturbed, if
the legislation of man could interfere and an est
the laws of nature. The natural laws which con-
trol trade between nations, and regulate the relation
between capital and profits on the one hand, and
wases and labor on the othei, are perfect and har-
monious, and the laws of man which would elfect
a change, are always injurious. The laws of po-
litical economy arc fixed and certain. Lei them
alone, is all that is required of man; let all interna-
tional exchanges of products move as freely in
their orbits as\he heavenly bodies in their spheres,
and their order and harmony will be as perfect, and
their results as beneficial as is every movement
under the laws of nature when undisturbed, by the
errors and interference of man.
If labor is dear here and low abroad, in the ex-
change of products we get more of theirs for a
smalleramount of ours, and gam by the exchange.
The cheapness of foreign labor is an argument in
favor of exchange with them. Thus, if we con-
cede as to linens, that Europe from cheap labor
could afford to sell two years for what one would
cost here, it would be our interest to purchase
from them at the reduced price. But according to
the protective theory, the cheaper the foreign labor
and the lower the price of its products, the more
should we exclude them by higher rates of duty.
In the absence of duties, we will exchange our
surplus products for their cheaper fabrics, and our
labor being applied to the production of articles
thus exchanged abroad, wages will be enhanced
here by obtaining more extended markets for our
products, and getting for them a greater quantity
of useful articles at lower prices. In the absence
of tariffs, the division of labor would be according
to the laws of nature in each nation, and the sur-
plus of each would thus be exchanged among the
whole, each employing its labor only in the most
productive pursuits, and therefore the aggregate
profits would be largest. If labor were so low m
lj any foreign country that they could furnish us
goods at almost nominal prices, and these cheap
articles were such as we wanted here, it would be
our interest to purchase them in exchange for our
products, and the cheaper the foreign article, the
greater would be our gain in the exchange. It is
a strange objection to the purchase of foreign arti-
cles that the price is too low.
The argument that we must encourage our in-
fant manufactures was always fallacious, for they
would encouragc themselves as soon as the coun-
try was adapted to them. But are they now in-
fant manufactures ? We have called them so for
sixty years, and will they ever cease to be infant
manufactures until weaned from legislative protec-
tion *
On the first of February next, the markets of
Great Britain will be open to our breadstulfs, at
nominal duties. Shall we enlarge the maikets for
our products, by selling them to Great Britain in
the only way in which she can pui chase them for
a series of years, by taking in exchange such of
her fabrics as she can sell to us at cheaper rates
than we can make them? To the farmer or planter,
this is just a question whether he shall have two
markets or one, or whether lie shall sell more at a
higher price, or less and at a lower price. If u be
our interest to shut out British fabrics, it would be
theirs to renew their corn-laws, and exclude our
breadstulfs from their markets.
It is said that other nations will not take our
products in exchange for their fabrics; but, with
reciprocal freetiade, they must take them, by the
universal rule that the purchaser will buy the
cheapest articles, without inquiry whether they
were made at home or abroad. To force our in-
dustry, by protective duties, into less productive
pursuits, by forbidding these exchanges, is to
increase the amount of labor, and diminish its
products, or, in other words, to foice our workmen
to labor more and receive less.
The people of the Union, as consumers, pursu-
ing their true inteiest, if left to their own choice,
unfettered by legislation, will purchase the best
and cheapest articles. But this is restrained by
law, and the consumers compelled by high duties
to purchase only, or chiefly, domestic articles, be-
cause this, it is said, will encourage home industry.
But the foreign import lias been puichased by some
domestic export. The barter may not have been
direct—various factors may have intervened, bills !
of exchange may have been used, or coin may ;
have adjusted occasional balances; but, in a series 1
of yeais, in the aggregate, international trade is
but an exchange of products. Thus, the foreign
import being exchanged for some American ex-
port, our own home industry, which pioduced j
that export, has been better encouiaged than if i
forced by law into some other pursuit, rendered ;
profitable only by high duties.
The tempoiary high price of labor in a particu-
lar employment is often imputed to the tariff.
But if it be conceded that the protected articles are
thus enhanced, this additional price paid by the
consumers is so much capital taken fiom them by
the tariff, to the full extent of the increased price,
which otherwise'would have constituted a fund
for the employment of labor and the payment of
wages. If, then, anything is gained in the en-
hanced price by a particular branch of industry, it
is at the expense of all others, arid must result m
a diminution of wages, depending: as they do on
the aggregate profit of all the capital and labor of
the country, and not upon that employed m any-
particular branch of industry. Thus, while wages
may be temporarily augmented in some pursuits
favored by law, they are diminished in all others,
and the wages of a great majority of laborers would
be reduced, and finally of all. From the dimin-
ished aggregate capital there follows a diminution
in the aggregate wages paid in a nation. A vast
majority of the labor of this country is employed
in agriculture, commerce, navigation, and the non-
protected pursuits; and if these are depressed, their
profits are reduced, the wages of those employed
in such pursuits fall, many are thrown out of em-
ployment, and thus a general fall of wages ensues,
and the protected manufacturer eventually obtains
labor at a very reduced rate. The effect of a pro-
tective tariff in truth is, not to enhance wages, but
to depress them, and render capital invested in
manufactures more profitable by enhanced prices
of the protected fabrics. Wages throughout the
whole country become lower than they wete be-
fore, because the aggregate profits of the capital
of the nation engaged in all its industry is dimin-
ished. Wages in one branch of industry cannot
be hi^h when they are low in all others; for wages,
like all other commodities, unfortunately will soon
find the same level. The aggregate profits of all
the labor of the country, and not of any particular
branch of industry, constitute the fund out of
which wages are paid; and if that general fund is
reduced by diminished profits, wages throughout
the whole country must eventually fall.
If, then, the great mass of labor in this country
and of capital is invested in agriculture, commerce,
navigation, and such branches of industry as re-
quire no protection, and those pursuits are injured
by a protective tariff, either by diminishing the
market by the surplus raised by those thus em-
ployed, reducing the price of what they sell, or
compelling them to pay more for what they buy,
theie must be m time a general fall of wages
throughout the country, even although a particular
branch of industry may have been rendered more
profitable by a protective tariff. This duty, then,
instead of a protection, is a tax upon the whole
industry of the country invested in pursuits re-
quiring no tariff.
Nor is it any mitigation, but an aggravation of
the evil, that some other nations impose high duties
on their own consumers of foreign products. The
foreign duty may or may not prove injurious to
our industry. If the American article is still in
some eases sold abroad to their consumers at a
price enhanced by their duty, the injury may have
been to that extent to them only, and not to us;
but when, byway of relieving us from this injury,
whetiier real or imaginary, we impose a tax upon
our own people as consumers, by compelling them
to pay high prices for foreign products by high
duties, we only augment the evil. Reciprocal free
trade is best for ail; and reciprocal hi^h duties
worst. When it is said, if foreign nations tax our
produce by high duties, we must tax theirs in the
same manner, we forget that their duty on foreign
imports falls mainly on theirown people who pur-
chase such imports, and so, likewise, our tax on for-
eign imports falls chiefly on our own people who pur
chase them. Letus buy such imports as we desire,"
at low prices; and the difference of price that is
thus saved to our people is so much gained as an
additional capital to encourage our own industry,
to increase employment and the wages of labor.
But if the system of reciprocal taxation is wrong,
what argument can be offered in favor of high
duties upon fabrics of foreign nations, when they
receive our exports at a nominal duty in exchange ?
Formerly, our protectionists admitted that if Great
Britain would freely receive our breadstuff's, we
should take their fabrics at low duties, or free of
duty, in exchange. Then, the corn laws were m
full force in Great Bntam, and it was supposed
would so forever remain.
But the system was repealed, and our chief agri-
cultural products are now invited fiee of duty, or
