18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 9,
30th Com 2d Sjsss.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
interest; and it is also clear, that as the amount
which can be purchased by the Government is in-
creased, especially to the great extent of twenty-
eight millions of dollars, the treasury can make
the purchase upon better terms, by enlarging the
number of competitors who could sell to it oar own
stock. Under these circumstances, I recommend
that the Treasury Department be authorized to
purchase at the market rate, at any time when its
means will allow, after the 1st of July next, any
portion of the debt of twenty-eight millions, autho-
rized by the act of 28th of January, 1847, including
treasury notes, if any "should remain unfunded.
This is the more necessary, as the sales of the
public lands have been set apart by this depart-
ment, as directed by that act, for the payment of
the interest and purchase of the principal of this
stock, which is impossible at present, the right
of piffchase being limited to par. Unless, then,
authority should be given to purchase this stock at
the market rate, a considerable sum must remain
in the treasury on the 1st of July next of these
sales, which can be used for no purpose whatever.
As soon as it was ascertained, on the estimates of
the several departments, that the Government had
the means to purchase a portion of its debt, and
arrest the interest, the department considered it" to
be its duty to make the purchase. Upon looking
into these estimates, and comparing them with our
means, it was found that there would be a balance
of $2,853,694 84 in the treasury on the 1st of July,
1849, and a balance of $5,040,542 11 on the 1st
July, 1850. There was also at that date, by the
latest returns, (a copy of which is hereto annexed
marked T,) $3,403,894 48, in specie in the several
depositories to the credit of the Treasurer of
the United States, after deducting all drafts un-
paid and outstanding; and since Ihe purchase of
this stock, there remained, by latest returns, ■
(marked as above,) $3,661,726 in specie sub- \
ject to tile draft of the Treasurer, after deducting I
all drafts unpaid and outstanding. Under these j
circumstances, it was resolved to make the pur- 1
chase to the amount of $500,000—thus usin? a I
part of the premium obtained on the loans by this
department, in liquidating to that extent the debt
incurred; and, by the rise of the stock since this
purchase, had it been delayed until the present
period, the Government would have been com-
pelled to pay a much higher price. It was essen-
sial to success (unless by largely advancing the
premium) that the purchase should be made
by a confidential ngent; and directions for the
purchase were accordingly given to Mr. C. *W\
Lawrence, the collector at New York, in whom
the whole community in which he resides justly
repose unbounded confidence, and who had ex-
ecuted every trust with fidelity. A full state-
ment of all the details of this purchase, which was
made at the lowest market rates, is being prepared
and will be placed promptly before the Committee
of Ways and Means of the House, and of Finance
of the Senate.
That the debt should be liquidated as rapidly as
the means in the treasury will permit, no as to
arrest the running of interest, will rot, it is pre-
sumed, be doubted; but the Government should
have its option to purchase any of its stocks so as
to lessen the premium which it would be compelled
to pay; and the purchase should be very gradual
and piogressive, for if it were forced too rapidly,
the premium would become exorbitant. In view
of the uncertainty which attends all calculations of
accruing revenue, it will probably not be regarded
as judicious to make any further purchase until a
period succeeding the 1st Julynext, when estimates
both as to receipts and expenditures will be tested
by results, when it wii/ he known with certainty
what means will he at the disposal of the depart-
ment to reduce the public indebtedness. As an
evidence of the progress of the country in wealth
and credit, it may be useful to contrast the sales
of the Government stock and treasury notes
during and immediately succeeding the war of
1S}3, with similar sales during and immedi-
ately succeeding the war with Mexico. By the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House of Representatives of Congress,
of the 13th of April, 1830, it appears that for the
loans of the war of 1812, for eighty millions of
uollars w stock and treasury notes, the Govern-
ment obtained but p4,00u,000, after.deducting dis-
counjts and depreciation, being a loss of $41,000,000
upon its transactions; whereas, on the loans of the
last war with Mexico, this department obtained
for forty-nine millions of dollars, borrowed on stock
and treasury notes, $49,555,511 39, including a
premium of §555,511 39 upon these transactions,
having obtained $15,555,511 39 more for forty-nine
millions of stock and treasury notes sold by the
department for loans growing out of the war with
Mexico, than was received for$80?000,000 of stock
and treasury notes sold duringand immediately suc-
ceeding the war with Great Britain; specie being
required by me under the constitutional treasury,
and paid in for the stock and treasury notes -sold.
These statements are not made with a view to
depreciate my distinguished predecessors in this
department, by whom those loans were negotia-
ted. T)ie great services rendered by them are well
known and appreciated by the country, and by no
one more fully than by the present incumbent of
this depai trnent, who has "had an opportunity of
observing all the difficulties by which they were
surrounded, and how impossible it was for any
Secretary under those circumstances to have made
the negotiation on better terms than was effected
by them; but the facts are stated as the most grat-
ifvingproof of the wonderful advance of the wealth
of the country and of the Government credit.
The coast survey, under charge of the Superin-
tendent, Professor A. D. Bache, is making great
and rapid progress. During the past year, six
sections of the coast, on the Atlantic and Gulf of
Mexico, have been under survey; and the compu-
tations, drawings, and engravings of charts, have
kept pace with the field-work. Within the same
period, six new shoals have been discovered and
made known on the eastern coast, and one in Ches-
apeake Bay. Important suggestions in regard to
the places for light-houses and buoys have been
derived from the coast-survey reports.
While this work is conducted on the highest
scientific principles, it is shown, in a letter from
the Superintendent, that the land-work cost less
than the maximum paid for the survey (conducted
with so much economy) of the public lands.
In reviewing the progress of this work for the
past four years,-the result is most striking. A
part of the operations has been carried from the
southwest part of Rhode Island into Maine, and
the whole land-work has been completed from
Point Judith to Cape Cod, covering a very indent-
ed coast; the hydrography has passed Nantucket,
and both the land and water work of Boston har-
bor has been completed. Much work of verifica-
tion and filling up has been done between Point
Judith and Cape May. Delaware Bay has been
finished, and the chart of the bay and river pub-
lished. The Chesapeake has been triangulated
south of the Virginia line; and hoth this and the
outer coast will be triangulated in from two to
three years from the present time. The topogra-
phy of this section, which was commenced in
1844, is advancing: to completion; and, except the
off-shore work, one-third of the hydrography is
finished. The shores of Albemarle Sound, and
most of its territories, have been surveyed-—the
triangulations extending also over Croatan and
Roanoke Sounds; and the hydrography is greatly
advanced. A general reconnoissance has been
made of part of the coast of South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, and Tex-
as; and the operations founded upon this have
been commenced in South- Carolina and Texas.
In Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, the tri-
angulations have advanced nearly from Mobile to
Lake Borgne. The topography of. Mississippi
Sound,and of the adjacent islands, ha3 been nearly
completed; and the hydrography of the entrance
to Mobile Bay and point of Mississippi Sound,
and of Cat and Ship Island harbors, and their ap-
proaches, has been finished. The survey of Galves-
ton, upper and lower bay, has made considerable
progress. Four base lines have been measured in
Massachusetts, Maryland, North Carolina, and
Alabama; and two others have been laid out for
measurement. Two of the base lines were meas-
ured with a most useful apparatus, combining
new features, the invention of the Superintend-
ent. Forty astronomical stations have been oc- i
cupied in Maine, New Hampshire, Massachu- I
setts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York I
Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, North Car-1
olina, South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, and
Texas, part of which observations were, made
with new and improved instruments. Magnetic
observations have been made, with the instru-
ments recently introduced upon the survey, at
eighty-three stations. While improved geodetic
instruments have been introduced upon the work*
the principles of the modern mathematics have
been extended to every part of us results. The
electro-magnetic telegraph has been used for de-
termining the difference of longitude of cardinal
points in the work, and with a degree of precision
not hitherto attainable by other methods. The
Gulf stream has been explored as far south as a
section across it at Cape Hatteras, and the law of
the ocean temperature ascertained. Twenty-four
sheets of charts, remarkable for their arrangement,
accuracy, and style of execution, have been pub-
lished and distributed to literary and scientific in-
stitutions at home and abroad, and placed with
agents for sale, at prices meiely covering the cost
of printing and paper. Ten more sheets are in
vatious stages of progress of engraving. While
the scale of operations has been enlarged, to em-
brace the whole extensive coast of the United
States, and to afford the benefits of it to every part
of the coast as rapidly possibly, the economy of
the work has steadily advanced, the augmented
expenditures required falling- much below the
increase of work done. "While so much that is
eminently useful to commcrce and navigation, and
to our foreign and coastwise trade, has been ac-
complished by this great work, it has received the
commendation of men of science in Europe and
America, and advanced the scientific character of
the country. On the Pacific, where this depart-
ment has already carried the work, and where it
will bo so useful in obtaining informatidh, and
publishing charts of our western coast, I have
intrusted to it the location of the buoys and the
selection of sites for light-houses in Qregon.
The department has proceeded to carry in exe-
cution the several acts of Congress, passed at its
last session, making^ appropriations for light-
houses, light-boats, .buoys, beacons,&c. It has
also carried the laws into effect, providing surf-
boats, rockets, carronades, life-boats, and other
necessai*^ apparatus, for the better preservation of
life and property from shipwreck, calling to its aid
the underwriters and Chamber of Commerce of
New York, and the Humane Society, for preserv-
ing life, of Massachusetts.
Important improvements may be introduced into
our light house system. To conduct it properly,
requires an accurate' knowledge of our coast and
navigation; the proper sites, the character of the
building and mode of construction, the proper ap-
paratus and mode of lighting, the different eleva-
tion, color, and other distinguishing properties of
the light, and whether stationary or revolving, the
necessaiy preparations to guard against accidents,
or the extinguishing of a light, adequate regula-
tions to securc the accountability and attention of
keepers, and all the administrative duties pertain-
ing to the system. There is involved in all this, a
varied amount of knowledge, practical and scien-
tific, possessed by no one individual; and to aid
the department in' the execution of these laws, it*
has heretofore suggested to Congress, and asrain
respectfully renews its recommendation, for the
organization of aboard, creating no expense, under
the supervision of the Secretary of the Treasury,
consisting of the Fifth Auditor, the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, two officers of the navy, an
officer of the engineers, as also of the topographi-
cal corps, who would unite the requisite knowl-
edge, and enable the department to conduct all the
operations of the system upon our extensive lake
and maritime frontier with increased efficiency
and economy.
The department has also proceeded to carry into
execution, as far as practicable, the various laws
for the erection of marine hospitals on the rivers
and lakes of the West, availing itself of the valu-
able services of the Topographical Bureau.
Copies of standard weights and measures have
been distributed to the States, with the exception
of the four most recently admitted into #je Union.
The standards for these States, and for the cus-
tom-houses of older States not yet supplied, are in
the course of preparation. The attention of the
States is called, in the report of the Superintendant
