1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cofg 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the-Treasury.
Senate. & ffd. of Reps.
of Weights and Measures, received in June last, to
the necessary steps for preparing county standards,
so as to secure uniformity in the weights and meas-
ures in common use.
Fifteen balances for regulating standards have
been supplied to five States, and set up by an agent
from the office of weights and measures. Two
mores"ets, six in number, have been supplied to two
other States. Twenty-nineVere on hand on the
first of January last, made^for distribution. The
establishment produces at the rate of six balances
of the first class and three of the second, or nine
of the second or four of the third, per annum.
The present distribution of weights and meas-
ures is, in my opinion, provisional, and has been
so considered by statesmen and men of science.
A more general uniformity, extending to different
nations, was looked forward to by Jefferson and
John CLuincy Adams as one day attainable, and
■was recommended in my last annual report. The
time, in my opinion, has come for the serious con-
sideration of this subject by Congress. New
standards are about to be made in England. The
reorganization of the Germanic confederation will
give a great extension to whatever system of
■weights and measures they may adopt; and the
political changes going on in other parts of Europe
are favorable to the introduction of uniformity.
The success of our coins shows that it is practica-
ble to break up the old system, and to introduce
another, new and entire. One standard of length,
one standard of weights, one standard of capacity,
with suitable multiples and subdivisions, would be
promotive of convenience, and of economy of
time in the business of life and the intercourse of
nations. The adoption of the decimal system
would also, in my opinion, simplify and facilitate
computation; and I recommend that authority be
given to this department to take the necessary
"steps for obtaining international views and action
as to uniformity of coins and of weights and
measures.
During, the past year, the third of a series of
elaborate reports of investigations on sugars and
hydrometers, under the direction of Professor A.
D. Bache, superintendent of weights and measures;
by Professor R. S. McCulloh, meiter and refiner
of the mint at Philadelphia, has been presented to
the department and transmitted to Congress, by
whom it has been ordered to be printed with a
collection of the preceding reports. This report
completes the subject of hydrometers, as far as is
necessary to make the changes required in the use
of the instrument at the custom-houses; and stand-
ard instruments are in manual, and nearly pre-
pared for use. These extra official duties were
discharged by these gentlemen without compen-
sation. ▼
My last report recommended the grant of one
section of land for schools, in every quarter
township in Oregon. This grant in each of the
new States, of one section of public lands in
each township, was designed To secure the benefit
of education to all the children of that township.
This object has failed to a great extent, bccause
one section in the centre of a township six miles
square, is too distant from many other sections to
furnish a school to which all con resort, and be-
cause, as a pecuniary provision, it is inadequate.
^ The graift, however, of one section for every quar-
ter township would be sufficient, whilst the central
location would be adjacent to every other section
in such quarter township, bringing the school-
house within the immediate vicinage of every child
within its limits. Congress, to some extent, adopt-
ed this recommendation, by granting two school
sections in each township, instead of one, for edu-
cation in Oregon; but it is respectfully suggested,
that even thus extended, the grant is sail inade-
quate in amount, whilst the location is inconve-
nient, and too remote for a school which all can
attend. This subject is again presented to the
attention of Congi^s, with the recommendation
* that it shall be extended to California and New
Mexico, and also to all the other new States and
Territories containing the public domain.
Even as a question of revenue, such grants
would move than refund their value to the Govern-
ment. As each quarter township is composed of
nine sections, of which the centta1 section would
be granted for schools, and each of the remaining
6ight sections would be adjacent to that granted,
these eight sections thus located, and each adjoin-
i ing a school section, would be of greater value
than when separated by many miles from such
j opportunities; and* the thirty-two sections of one
i entire township with these benefits, would bring a
' larger price to the Government than thirty-five
sections out of thirty-six, where one section only,
so remote from the rest, was granted for such a
purpose. The public domain would thus be set-
tled at an-earlier period, and yielding larger prod-
uct, thus soon augment our exports and our
imports, with a corre>pandent increase of revenue
from duties. The greater diffusion of education
would increase the power of mind and knowledge
applied to our industrial pursuits, and augment in
this way, also, the products and wealth of the
nation. Each State is deeply interested in the
welfare of every other; for the representatives of
the whole regulate by their votesvthe measures of
the Union, which must be more nappy and pros-
perous in proportion as its councils are guided by
more enlightened views, resulting from the more
universal diffusion of light, and knowledge, and
education.
The attention of Congress is respectfully invited
to the condition of the public lands in California.
The official reports of the great mineral wealth of
that region present important questions for your
consideration. That gold and quicksilver exist to
k great extent in California, would seem to be
placed beyond controversy. This gold would ap-
pear to require the establishment of a branch of
the mint of the United States at San Francisco.
The quicksilver is not only important, as con-
nected with the mining of the precious metals,
with health,.and the arts, but still more with jhe
advance of science, and the progress of discovery
in physics. The mines of gold, and perhaps of
other minerals, would seem to be located chiefly
on the public lands. They belong to the Govern-
ment, as a trustee for the people, whose interests
should be protected and secured by Congress. A
scientific commission, to make a geological ex-
amination, accompanied with linear surveys, is
deemed important.
The voluminous character of this report, grow-
ing out of the varied and important duties con-
stantly augmenting, assigned by law to this de-
partment, renders it necessary that I should reserve
for a few days, and for a special report to Con-
gress, the warehousing system. In advance of
that report, I would remark, at this time, that new
instructions are prepared by this department, and
the forms nearly completed, among other regula
tions, extending a more free competition for the
storage of foreign imports. The progress of the
system has been most satisfactory and successful;
the value of foreign goods warehoused in our
ports since the passage of the law in August, 184C,
up to the 20th September last, having amounted to
the very large sum of abtfut forty-four millions of
dollars.
In soon retiring from this department and from
public life, in which I Imve -served so long with
inferior abilities to many others, but with equal
solicitude to promote the best interests of my be-
loved country, I submit, with the utasost defer- !
ence, to the superior wisdom of Congress, my views
and experience as regards the organization of the
Treasury Department. Its varied and important
duties, with the rapid increase of our area, busi-
ness, and population, can scarcely be all promptly
and properly performed by any one Secretary.
Yet, in detaching any of its duties from this de-
partment, the gieatest care must be taken not to
impair the unity, simplicity, and efficiency of the
system. To take fromthis department its super-
vision over th€fltoinmerce and finances, or over any
of the accounting officers of the treasury, the two
comptrollers, the six auditors, the treasurer, the so-
licitor or register, the assistant treasurers or collect-
ors, the revenue marine, the coast survey, the mint,
the weights and measures* the marine hospitals,
or the light-house system, would create confusion,
and be most prejudicial to the public service.
But there are mrportant public duties having no j
necessary connection with ^commerce of finance,
that could be most advantageously separated from
the treasury, and devolve upon a new department
o'" the Government. Among these, are the Land
OfHce,"land titles, and surveys connected therewith,
linear and geological. The business of the Land
Office occupies a very large portion of the time of
the Secretary of the Treasury every day, and his
duties connected therewith must be greatly in-
creased by the accession of our immense domain in
Oregon, New Mexico, and California, especially
in connection with their valuable mineral lands,
their private land claims, and conflicting titles.
From all decisions of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office as to Government"titles or
private land claims, preemptions, private entries,
or purchases of the public domain, an appeal
lies to the Secretary of the Treasury. This is ^ut
one branch of these duties; and yet, as some evi-
dence of the amount of labor thus devolved* upon
him from this source, I have pronounced judg-
ment in upwards of five thousand cases involving
land titles since the 10th March, 1845. These are
generally judicial questions, and not financial, re-
quiring often great labor and research,and having
no necessary connection with the duties of the
Treasury Department. The daily correspondence
of this department with the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, Surveyor General, the regis-
ters and receivers, and other persons connected
with the system, is most voluminous.
The supervisory power now exercised by the
Secretary of the Treasury over the expenses of
the courts of the United States, aqd other duties
connected therewith, through the marshal and
clerks of these courts, gives rise to a very consid-
erable daily correspondence with these officers,
and having no necessary connection with the
finances, should also be detached from the Treas-
ury Department, as \$ell as from the State Depart-
ment the duties of these marshals in connection
with the census of the United States.
Having transferred the laborious duties enu-
merated from'the Secretary of the Treasury, Con-
gress should authorize him to appoint an assistant
secretary, who should be a man of great talent and
experience, with a salary not less than $3,000 a
year, who should examine all letters, contracts,
and warrants prepared for the signature of the
Secretary, and perform such other duties not re-
quiring the signature of the Secretary as might
conveniently be devolved upon him by the depart-
ment. To maintain the unity and efficiency of the
system, he should be appointed by the Secretary,
a d subject to his direction. He would want one
able and efficient clerk, with a salary not less than
$1 .TOO per annum.
The office of Comptroller of the Treasury should
be divided, and that great and augmenting portion
of his duties relating to the receipts from customs,
and the accounts of collectors and other officers
of the customs connected therewith, should be de- '
volved upon tlje head of a new bureau, to be called
the Commissioner of Customs, whose duties would
be various and important.
The First Comptroller should retain all the
other duties now performed by him, and especially
his decision upon claims and accounts, which
would occupy the whole time of the head of the
bureau.
Combined as now are under the First Comp-
troller, the duties appertaining both to receipts and
expenditures of the public money, accounts and
claims, the office is overburdened with business
which cannot promptly and properly be performed
by any one individual, however able and laborious.
The duties now performed by the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs aremost numerous and important,
and must be vastly increased with the great num-
ber of tribes scattered over Texas, Oregon, New
Mexico, and California, and with the interesting
progress of so many of the tribes in Christianity,
knowledge, and civilization. These duties do not
necessarily appertain to war, but peace, and to
our domestic relations with those tribe's placed by
the Constitution under the charge of this Govern-
ment.
This most important bureau, then, should be
detached from the War Department, with which
it has no necessary connection. *
The duties of the Patent Office, great and im-
portant as #\ey now are, must necessarily increase
with the progress of light and knowledge, the
developmeat of the wonderful inventive genius of
our countrymen, and the researches of so many
enlightened minds tn this country into machinery,
the*physical sciences, and the arcana of natur£.
This bureau has no necessary or proper connec-
