22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 4,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
exceed those for either of the two preceding years,
and will besuffieient to complete some of the works,
and considerably advance othets already in the
progress of construction. It may be advisable to
commence new works at some exposed points on
the Atlantic and Gulf coasts, particularly within
the limits of Texas.
An early attention "has been given to our Pacific
coast. So little accurate knowledge was possessed
of that coast, that it has been deemed advisable to
cause it to be carefully and fully examined, with
a view to the selection of proper points for fortifi-
cations, as well as naval establishments. A board,
composed of officers of the army and navy, has
been constituted to make such an examination,
and are now nruler orders for California and Ore-
gon, to execute the duties assigned to them. By
the instructions prepared by the War and Wavy
Department, and herewith submitted, the objects
embraced in the examination are fully disclosed.
The appropriations for the army proper required
for the next fiscal year amount to §4,432,230.
The estimates for the tiansportotion of the troops
far exceed that, of any other year previous to the
war. The increase in this item is to meet the ex-
pense of sending troops to Oregon, New Mexico,
and California.
Should the suggestion of the Cluartermaster
General, contained in his report, to employ the
public vessels in the naval service for the trans-
portation by sea of army stores and troops, be
adopted, this item of expenses would be greatly
reduced. Our possessions upon the Pacific seem
to render the change in this respect appropriate,
and I do not doubt that such a measure will be
attended by results favorable to the public service.
In none of the branches of this deportment has
the business been so much augmented as in the
Pension bureau. The number of invalid pension-
ers has increased, during the last year, six hun-
dred and ninety-one; the whole number on the list
is three thousand one.hundred and twenty-six.
More than sixty thousand claims have been pre-
sented under the act of the 11th February, 1847,
for bounty land and treasury scrip. About forty
thousand of them have been acted on and allowed,
twenty thousand arc now pending, and' it is esti-
mated that there are forty thousand yet to be pre-
sented. Great efforts have been made to despatch
these applications, and about two hundied and fifty
are daily investigated and passed. For the details
of the business in the Pension Office, I respectfully
refer you to <'<e report of the Commissioner.
A comprehensive and interesting view of our
Indian relations will be found in the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs. The removal of
the tribes to the country set apart for them, west
of the Mississippi river, has separated nearly all
those who lesided within the limits of the States
from the unwholesome.influences resulting from a
contact with the white population, and afforded an
opportunity to the Government to enforce the
necessary measures for civilizing and improving
them. The wisdom of our policy in regard to the
Indians is vindicated by the good effects which it
has produced, and particularly by the higher degree
of improvement among those who first removed to
the country assigned to them.
During the last year, our emigrants have experi-
enced less annoyance than at any former petiod
from the Indians on the Missouri frontier, and the
difficulties among themselves and with our citizens
have been less frequent. This favorable change
in their conduct is to be mainly ascribed to the
judicious control exercised over their annuities,
and to the holding of them liable to be used to
compensate f<Sr damages resulting from their law-
less eggressions, as well upon each other as upon
oui i wn citizens.
An important treaty has been recently negotia-
ted by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in
person, with the Menomonies, by which they have
agreed to cede all their lands in Wisconsin—about
four millions of acres—and to remove to the ex-
Cillent country procured for them on the Upper
.Mississippi, adjoining that of their old friends, the
Wimiebagoes, recently removed from Iowa. It is
reasonable to expect that the interposing of these
two tribes between the Sioux and Chippewas, and !
the establishment of a'military post in that region,
will check, if not entirely prevent, the sanguinary i
hostilities so frequent between the two latter'tribes, |
arising from long-cherished and inveterate feuds.
The treaty with the .Menomonies has,*in effect,
extinguished the Indian title to the whole country
east of the Mississippi, south of Lake Superior,
which for a long time has been regarded as an
object not only of great importance to our own eiti-
zens, but essential to the welfare and prosperity
of the Indians themselves.
Within the four last years eight important
treaties have been negotiated with different Indian
tribes, by which highly beneficial changes in their
situation and affairs have been and will be effected,
and the United States have acquired, at a cost of
only $1,342,000, eighteen million five hundred
thousand acres of land. About two million one
hundred thousand acres of it have been assigned
to other tribes for their permanent residence; and
two million nine hundred thousand are reserved
for a similar purpose; leaving the remainder'—thir-
teen million five hundred thousand acres—ready for
immediate settlement and cultivation in the rapidly
glowing States ofWisconsin and Iowa. There is
also a prospect that Mississippi, as well as other
States in which some oftheChoctaws stiil remain,
will soon be freed from them. Measures for their
emigration are in progress, under'modified arrange-
ments entered into within the last year, which
promise a favorable result.
The law of 1817, giving additional authority to
prevent the introduction and sale of spirituous
liquors in the Indian country, and the stringent
regulations adopted by the department to restrain
this pernicious traffic, have sensibly diminished,
the amount of suffering among the frontier tribes
aiising fiom that prolific source of evil; but an
effectual check to it cannot be applied unless the
States lying adjacent to the Indian country will
cooperate in the measure by restraining their citi-
zens from bringing intoxicating liquors within
the reach ot the Indians. The policy of paying
annuities semi-annually, and of distributing them
per capita, has been attended by the happiest re-
sults. The new regulations in regard to licenses
to tradfe with the Indians, and the rigid super-
vision over the conduft of those to whom this priv-
ilege has been granted, have put an end to many
evils and abuses which formerly prevailed and
were highly detiimental to the interests and wel-
fare of the Indians.
No subject connected with our Indian affairs has
so deeply interested the department and received
so much of its anxious solicitude and attention as
that of education; and I am happy to be able to
say that its efforts to advance this cause have been
crowned with success. Among most of the tribes
which have removed to and become settled in the
Indian country, the blessings of education are be-
ginning to be appreciated, and they generally man-
ifest a willingness to cooperate with the Govern-
ment in diffusing these blessings. The schools
already established have an increased number of
pupils, and preparations are making for establish-
ing many new ones. Much ciedit is due to many
excellent missionary societies of different Chris-
tian denominations for their aid and contributions
to sustain and advance the cause of education
among the Indian population.
There are sixteen manual-labor schools and
eighty-seven boarding and district schools now in
successful operation among the various Indian
tribes, and the number of Indian youths attending
them, according to the reports-received at the de-
partment, is three ihousaiid six hundred and eighty-
two—of which two thousand six hundred and fifty
are males, and the remaining one thousand and
thirty-two are females. The schools are generally
in charge of missionary societies, and are well con-
ducted. These facts afford the most gratifying
evidence that nearly all of our colonized tribes are
rapidly advancing in civilization and moral im-
provement; and 1 trust it may not be improper on
this occasion for me to say, that for the highly
improved and rapidly improving condition of the
numerous Indian tribes, over which the guardian-
ship of the Government is extended, not only in
regard to education, but most other respects, no
stilted measure of credit is to be ascribed to the
ability, industry, and faithfulness of that blanch of
this department to which the management of our
diversified and difficult Indian affairs is assigned.
Within the newly acquired Territories there is
a numerous Indian population, over which our
surpervision and guardianship must necessarily be
extended; but this cannot be effectually done with-
out the action of Congress on the subject. Addi-
tional frgenoies are required to manage Indian
affairs in these Territories, and to extend to them
our Indian system of control and management,
which, in other parts of our country, has "already
produced such happy results, and is so full of
promise for the future.
I respectfully ask your attention to the follow-
ing subjects, mentioned in my last annual report:
the settlement of claims in California, a retired list
of officers of the army, and an asylum for disabled
j and worn out soldiers. In regard to each of these,
j the views of the department are fully set forth in
| that report, and I again recommend them to your
favorable consideration.
I I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
! obedient servant,
W. L. MARCY, Secretary of War.
To the President.
' Report ofthe Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department, Dec. 4, 1848.
Sir: I have the honor to submit to you the
annual report of the condition and operation^ of
this department of the public service. -
During the past year, the St. Lawrence, a frigate
jj of the first class, and the Vermont, a ship-of-the-
11 line, have been launched. The shores as well as
the lower timbers of the frigate were found on
inspection to be'so decayed by the long time she
had been on the stocks, that her security would
have required repairs at a large cost, and it was
deemed economical to launch her. She has been
put in commission, and is a splendid addition to
the navy. The old ship-house in the Boston yard,
which covered the Vermont, stood so near the
boundary line pf the public grounds that the
experienced officers in charge of the Bureau of
Construction and in command of the yard con-
curred in the opinion, officially communicated, that
the ship, and the valuable public property in the
yard, were exposed to danger of destruction by
fire from the contiguous private buildings. I was
satisfied that if the ship-house had taken fire, the
ship could not have been saved; the admirable
stone dock near it would have been destroyed, and
public property of the value of several millions of
dollars would probably have shared the same fate.
I therefore directed that the ship should be launched
and secured from injury until the wants of the
service would require her to be fitted for sea. This
has been done, and the ship-house has been taken
down and the materials used for other purposes.
The construction of the four steamships of war
authorized by the act of Congress of 3d of March,
1847, is in a satisfactory state of progress. The
I, Saranac, built at the navy-yard at futtery, has
|i been launched. The Powhatan at .Norfolk, the
j- Susquehannah at Philadelphia, and the San Ja-
cm to at New York, may be launched and ready for
! | sea in the course of the next year. In the models
j and construction of these war-steamers, and in the
] manufacture of their engines and machinery, great
i care has been taken in the skillful execution of the
| work, and in a careful inspection by competent
j officers, to make them worthy of the service; and
j I doubt not they will fully meet the expecta-
: tions of the country. The appropriations by Con-
gress for so important an addition to our naval
force have been liberal, and the officers, mechanics,
and contractors have exerted themselves to prove
that we can be as successful in the construction of
steamships of war as we have been in the sailing
ships of the navy.
There are unfinished on the stocks at the several
navy-yards, four ships of the rate of 74 guns, and
two frigates of 44 guns. They are securely shel-
tered; and it has not been considered judicious
or consistent with the interests of the service to
launch them. They are so near completion that
they can be readily launched and fitted for sea ser-
vice on short notice, if public exigencies shall re-
quire. The vessels in commission during the past
year, have^een employed as follows:
In the Pacific, the ships-of-the-iine Ohio and
Columbus, razee Independence, frigate Congress,
sloops Portsmouth, Warren, Cyane, Dale, and
Preble, with the store-ships Erie, Lexington, and
Southampton. The Columbus, Captain Wyman,
