1848.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2i> Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate &, Ho. of Reps.
bearing the broad pennant of Commodore Biddle,
arrived m the United States on the 13th of March
last, and was placed in' ordinary. The frigate
Congress, Captain La Vallette, having been in
commission more than three years, has been or-
dered home, and may be expected to arrive in the
coming spring. The Portsmouth, Commander
Montgomery, arrived in the United States on the
5th of May last, and was soon again ready for
sea. The Cyane, Commander Da Pont, arrived
at Norfolk the 9th day of October last, and has
been placed in ordinary. In the month of May
last the Preble, Commander Glynn, sailed from
the west coast, with orders to take to China Com-
modore Geisinger, commander of the East India
squadron, and after having performed this ser-
vice, to return to her station. The sloop St.
Mary's, Commander Crowninshield, on the 11th
of April last sailed from Norfolk to join the Pacific
squadron.
With a view to the regular supply of the squad-
ron in the Pacific, and to furnish means for trans-
portation of invalids or men whose time of enlist-
ment may have expired, and who desire'to come
home, orders were given some months since that
one of the three store-ships attached to that squad-
ron shall sail, on her return to the United States,
• semi-annually. Under this arrangement one will
be with the squadron, one on her way home, and
one will be going out with fresh stores.
The Erie has come home, and under Lieutenant
Commanding William McBlair has sailed to'the
Mediterranean by the Cape de Verds, with stores
for the African and Mediterranean squadrons; and
theFredonia, Lieut. Commanding F. A. Neville,
has sailed from New York for the Pacific.
When Commodore BJddle left the station, he
was succeeded in the command of the squadron
by Commodore Shubrick, and he was relieved at
his own request by Commodore Thomas Ap
Catesby Jones, who assumed command in the
month of May lcist. Commodore Shubrick was
authorized by the department to detach himself
from the squadron, and return home across the
isthmus; but he deemed it to be his duty to re-
main on board the Independence, and is now on
a cruise to the Sandwich, Fejee, and other islands
in the Pacific, where the presence of a ship of war
was considered of great importance to the interests
of American commerce. The Independence may
be expected to reach the United States early in the
spring of the next year.
The home squadron continued under the com-
mand of Commodore Perry until the 20th of No-
vember last, when the department, in view of his
impaired health, yielded to his request to be relieved
of the command, the duties of which had been
very arduous, and satisfactorily performed. Com-
modore Wilkinson on that day assumed the com-
mand. During the past year the squadron con-
sisted of the frigate Cumberland ; the sloops
Albany, John Adams, Germantown, and Saratoga;
of the steamers Mississippi, Spitfire, Vixen, Scor-
pion, Water Witch, Scourge, Iris, and Petrita; of
the schooners Reefer, Petrel, Bonito, Flirt, Maho-
nese, Falcon,-and Tampico; and of the bomb-
vessels .-Etna, Stromboli, Vesuvius, and Hecla;
. with the store-ships Relief and Electra.
The frigate Cumberland, bearing the pennantof
Commodore Perry, arrived in New York in July
last, with a considerable number of cases of fever
on board; and finding that it did novt abate, but
assumed a more malignant type, it was deemed
unsafe to send her again into the tropics, until she
could be thoroughly broken out in a cold climate.
She has been putin ordinary. The frigate Rari-
tan, Captain Page, has taken her place in the
squadron. The John Adams, Commander Ad-
ams, arrived at Boston in September last, and is
undergoing repairs. The steamer Mississippi,
Commander Mackenzie, returned to the United
States in April, and is undergoing repairs of her
hull and machinery. The Vixen is also undergo-
ing repair. The Petrita was wrecked in the Gulf
of Mexico. The Water Witch and the Iris are at
sea. The store-ship Relief has sailed with stores
for Brazil, and the Fredonia to the Pacific. -The
other steamers and vessels enumerated have been
sold, and the proceeds paid into the treasury.
They were purchased for spccial scrvice in the
Gutf of Mexico during the war, and were not suit-
able for general naval purposes.
In the squadron ®"n the coast of Africa, com-
manded by Commodore Bolton, the sloops James-
town, Commander Mercer; Portsmouth, Com-
mander Armstrong; Decatur, Commander Byrne;
and brigs Boxer, Lieutenant Commanding Bell;
Porpoise, Commander Gordon; and Bainbridge,
CommanderSlaughter,havebeen employed. Com-
modore Cooper sailed in the sloop Yorktown,
Commander Marston, on the 22d of November,
with orders to relieve Commodore Bolton in the
command of the squadron. The Boxer arrived at
Philadelphia in May last, and being condemned,
on survey, as unworthy of repair, was sold. Com-
modore BoUon has orders, on the arrival of his
relief, to proceed in the Jamestown and relieve
Commodore Read, in command of the naval
forces of the United States in the Mediterranean
Sea.
There have been- employed during the year, in
the Mediterranean, under'Commodore Read, the
frigate United States, Captain Smoot; sloop Ma-
rion, Commander Simonds; the steamer Princeton,
Commander Engle; schooner Taney, Lieutenant
Commanding C. G. Hunter; with the store-ship
Supply, Lieutenant Commanding Lynch. The
Marion having finished her cruise, arrived at Bos-
ton in the month of September. The steamer
Alleghany, LieutenantCommandmg; W. W. Hun-
ter, has been ordered from the Brazil station to the
Mediterranean, and the frigate Constitution, Cap-
tain €rwinn, has sailed for the same station.. On
the arrival of his relief, Commodore Read, having
finished a long crtiise on the coast of Africa and in
the Mediterranean, has orders to return home in
the frigate United States. In consequence of our
being compelled to discontinue the depot afrMa-
hon, it became necessary to supply the squadron
with stores by means of store-ships. The store-
ship Supply, Lieutenant Commanding Lynch,
was sent out with a full cargo of stores m the
month of November, 3847. Having delivered them
to the several ships of the squadron, from time to
time, as they were requiied, she is on her return
home, and the Eric'has been loaded and sent out
to continue the service. Commodore Read has
made a temporary arrangement for landing stores
for the squadron at Spezzia. There are some ob-
jections to this place as a depot on account of its
position, and in the present very disturbed condi-
tion of Europe it is uncertain whether the arrange-
ment will be permanently continued.
On the coast of Brazil, under command of
Commodore Storer, the frigate Brandywine, Cap-
tain Boarman; the brig Perry,^Lieutenant Com-
manding Tilton; and the steamer Alleghany, Lieu-
tenant Commanding W. W. Hunter, have been
employed. The sloop St. Louis, Commander
Cocke, sailed from Norfolk in August last, to join
the squadron, and carried orders for the Alleghany
to proceed to the Mediterranean.
In obedience to your directions, and with an
anxious desire to give protection to our commerce
in the East Indies, I despatched for that station in
the month of March last the sloop Plymouth,
Commander Gedney. She carried out as a pas-
senger the Hon. Mr. Davis, Commissioner to
China, and landed him at Macao on the 16th day
of August. The brig Dolphin, Lieut. Command-
ing Ogden, left New York in the month of May
for the same station. As the frigate Congress had
nearly completed her cruise in the Pacific, it was
deemed advantageous that she should return home
by way of China and Bombay, as, in doing so,
she would visit several important points, where
the occasional presence of a ship of war would
exert a favorable influence on our commercial in-
terests. Commodore Geisinger left the United
States in November, 1847, to go across the isthmus
with orders to the Pacific, and, hoisting his pen-
nant on board the Congress, proceed to China.
On his arrival there, he was directed to transfer
his pennant to the Plymouth and assume command
of the East India squadron, and the frigate was
expected to pursue her voyage home. For reasons
satisfactory to the department, Commodore Jones,
on' joining the Pacific squadron, determined to
retain the frigate until the pending question of
peace should be definitively settled- between the
United States and Mexico, and ordered the sloop
Preble to convey Commodore Geismger to his
station. The delay consequent on this arrange-
ment rendered it just and proper that the Congress
should return home by the most direct route, ate
the terms of her crew's enlistment had generally*
expired, or would expire before her arrival in the
United States, and justice and policy forbade that
they should, be held to service beyond their con-
tract without urgent necessity.
In the present political condition of the north of
Europe, and in view of' the existence of war be-
tween Prussia and Denmark, it was deemed im-
portant that a ship of war should be sent to the
North Sea and the Baltic, to give protection to
American commercial interests in that quarter.
The frigate St. Lawrence, Captain Paulding, sailed
from Norfolk in the month of September last, with
instructions to touch at Bremer Haven, and to
enter the Baltic, if the advanced state of the season
did not foibid his doing so. If such should be the
case, he was instructed to cruise during the winter
between Qape Finisterre and Cadiz, touching at
Lisbon, and in the spring to return to the north,
and execute his orders. Captain Paulding, on his
arrival at Bremer Haven, found that the war was
suspended by an armistice, and that winter was so
\i near at hand as to make it imprudent for higi
;i to take his ship into the Baltic. I am happy to
jj learn that the arrival of the ship has been hailed
il with universal satisfaction. The highest honors
and most gratifying demonstrations of respect have
been shown to our flag, and the officers received
with the most flattering distinction and fraternal
affection. The evidence thus afforded of the
friendly feeling and admiration with which Ger-
many regards the United States, leaves no reason
to doubt that this noble ship could not have been,
sent on more important service. •>
The condition in which our ships have returned
! from long cruises, and their services abroad, have
afforded gratifying evidence of the high state of
discipline m the navy.
The political condition of Sicily, Sardinia, and
other States bordering on the Mediterranean Sea,
has given peculiar interest to the operations of the
squadron on that station. Commodore Read has
performed his responsible and often delicate duties
with zeal, judgment, and activity; and on no oc-
casion have our countrymen received more timely
and effective protection of their persons and prop-
erty than in the violent revolutionary conflicts
which, during the past year, have frequently oc-
curred within the limits of his command.
The reports are satisfactory from the squadrons
on the coast of Africa, Brazil, and the East Indies.
At the date of my last annual report, the United
States were engaged in war with Mexico.
In the Gulf of Mexico, the squadron" under
command of Commodore Perry continued-until
the return of peace to hold military possession of
the several ports then in its occupation, command-
ing the trade, collecting a moderate revenue, and
administering the temporary civil government au-
thorized by the law of nations. "
Yucatan, one of the States of Mexico, had been
permitted by the Government of the United States
to occupy a neutral position, and was thereby ex-
empted from the evils of the war. While thus
situated, hostilities commenced between the In-
dians and the white inhabitants of that State. It
was a war of races, attended by the most shocking
atrocities. Under your orders the squadron, with
a humanity and success which did honor to our
national character, extended protection, food, and
shelter to the fleeing white inhabitants m their des-
titution"and despair, and those thus aided were a
portion of the people of d country with which we
were at war.
In that report I felt authorized to state that the
squadron in the Pacific had captured imzatlan,San
Bias, and Acapulco, and was holding them open
to the trade of our countrymen and of neutrals,
under the same conditions as were other Mexican
ports in the military occupation of the United
States. The correspondence which is annexed
will show that, with the exception of Acapulco, the
facts justified the belief expressed. All the import-
ant points on both shores of the Gulf of Califor-
nia were gallantly captured by the squadron, in
cooperation with a detachment of the army under
Lieutenant Colonel Burton, and occupied until the
return of peace. Commodore Shubrick found his
force too small to attempt the reduction of Aca-
pulco, without so weakening the garrisons of the -
important places held in the Gulf as to endanger
