34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[Dec. 4,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
their recapture, and wisely determined not to make
any movement against it.
In the month of March, the commanders of the
naval forces in the Gulf of Mexico, and in the
Pacific, were confidentially informed of the dispo-
sition made by the Senate of the United States of
the treaty of peace, and were instructed to act in
conformity with its stipulations as soon as they
should be informed by the United States Commis-
sioners of its ratification by Mexico in theamended
form—thus avoiding an unnecessary and irritating
delay.
The exchange of ratifications was made known
to them; and, without waiting for further instruc-
tions, measures were taken by Commodore Jones
in the Pacific, and by Commodore Perry in the
Gulf of Mexico, for the evacuation of the Mexican
territory, and the restoration, according to the
terms of the treaty, of all places within the limits
of the Mexican Republic'which had been taken and
occupied by the naval forces of the United States.
These measures were promptly executed; and it is
a source of the highest satisfaction to have it in my
power to state that no complaint of the manner in
which the duty was performed has reached the
department.
The skill and courage with which the officers and
men of the squadron conducted their military opera-
tions, are not entitled to higher praise than is the
scrupulous regard to justice and humanity which
-characterized their conduct while occupying por-
tions of the enemy's country, controlling their
revenues and governing their inhabitants. The
delicate duties resulting from this position have
been performed without a stain on our national
v character, and without an act of extortion, cru-
elty, or oppression. **
I have the honor to transmit copies of the official
reports of our naval officers on the subject of the
operations of their respective Commands, and es-
pecially of military operations during the war.
They present more in detail than i could with
propriety use in my official reports, incidents which
oelong to the history of the country.
In this final report of naval, operations in the
war with Mexico—now happily ended—I deem it
to be my duty to make a brief allusion to the par-
ticipation of the navy in scenes and achievements
•which have reflected honorand glory on the Ameri-
can name, and commanded the respect of the world
for our flag.
The enemy had no navy, and an inconsiderable
commercial marine; our ships of war liad, there-
fore, nothing to contend with on their appropriate
' element. In the Pacific, our squadron, with means
not fitted for inland operations, acting independ-
ently, and in cooperation with a small portion of
our gallant army, effected the conquest of Califor-
nia. In supplying the deficiency of his means,
and in preparing for and executing an inland cam-
* paign with the crews of his ships, Commodore
Stockton displayed the highest military resource, j
and the greatest energy. Since his memorable j
march from San Diego to the Ciudad de los An- ,
geles, and the battles of the 8th and 9th of Janu- j
ary, 1847, that country has been tranquil, our ;
possession undisputed, and its inhabitants have
hailed the cession of California to the United States
with grateful satisfaction. Important points in
the Gulf of California were taken by the forces
under Commodore Shubrick, and their occupation
maintained by him and his successor in command,
independently and m cooperation with the troops
under Lieutenant Colonel Burton, with a display
of the highest skill and courage by officers and
men; while their conduct was so ^ust and humane,
that a large portion of the inhabitants, especially
of Lower California, deeply regret that they too
are not to have the advantage of our laws and in-
stitutions, and th8 protection of our glorious flag.
All will concur in admitting that the troops sent to
California, with their acknowledged courage and
military skill, were not in sufficient force to have
conquered and maintained the occupation of the
country, without the efficient service of the officers !
and men of the squadron, both ashore and afloat.
In the Gulf of Mexico, from the beginning of |
the war, by cooperation at the Brazos, while the !
battle of Palo Alto was raging, by the capture of
fampico, by protecting the transportation and the J
landing of the troops at Vera Cruz, by its gallant !
cooperation in the siege, bombardment, and cap- 1
ture of that city and its defences, by its success/ul
operations against Tabasco, Tuspan, Laguna,and
other points in the interior* and on the coast, but
especially by holding a constant command of the
sea, and by its-vigilance and activity, excluding
contraband trade and supplies of munitions of war
from the enemy, the squadrons rendered the most
important services to their common country. These
services were rendered in a most inhospitable cli-
mate, and in the mjdst of suffering and death, not
caused by the enemy in the honorable conflict of
arms, but by the silent ravages of disease. .All this
was accomplished without withdrawing the squad-
j ron's from other stations.
i So effective has been the performance of the
duty of the navy in every quarter of the globe, that
our increasing commerce in the most distant seas
has felt no check and met no interruption, notwith-
standing we were for more than two years engaged
in active hostilities with an enemy possessing an
extensive seacoast on the Pacific and Atlantic
oceans. Not a single American vessel was lost to
her owners by capture by the enemy under the
rights of war, and there was not, it is believed,
any material effect produced on marine insurance.
These auspicious results, so favorable to our
commerce and navigation, are to be attributed to
the respect which is universally felt for our flag
abroad, and that respect is the honorable reward
of the skill and courage, the discretion and justice,
the vigilance and boldness, with which the .navy
has performed it3 duty.
It is the settled policy of the United States to
maintain a navy; but if, notwithstanding its gal-
lant exploits long since achieved, and its practical
services so long acknowledged, it were an unde-
cided question whether the United States should
foster and cherish a navy, the service performed
in the late war would go far to settle*it. Without
the guns of our squadron, how easily might the
troops which formed the army under Major Gen-
eral Scott, when crowded in transports and crossing
the Gulf, have been destroyed by a few insignifi-
cant cruisers ? But for the same protection, with
what advantage might they not have been met on
landing on the enemy's shoies through a danger-
ous surf! But for the entire control oftheenemy's
ports by our active cruisers, how long might not
the war have been protracted by the introduction
of munitions of war and other supplies for the
enemy, and what disasters would not have threat-
ened, if they had not befallen our gallant army, if
the enemy could have prevented the introduction
of these necessary supplies for our own troops \
Who can estimate the loss of life and property
which would havebefallen us, if the tempting offers
of the enemy had been accepted, and privateers
had taken their letters of marque so freely tendered,
and ravaged our cotfimerce in every sea, opposed
only by the inadequate defences of a merchant ves-
sel, and unrestrained by the navy3
In time of peace, economy requires, and the
public interests do not forbid, that the naval estab-
lishment should be comparatively small. Consid-
ering our maritime position, the great length and
accessibility of our coast, and our commercial im-
portance, our navy is'smaller than that of any
other Power. In this regard, as in the general
practical working of our system of Government,
we may safely rely on moral influence. In the
extensive cruising grounds of our squadrons, we
need employ in time of peace but a few ships of
war; it would not be practicable to have one in
every port. It is enough that it is known that our
flag is afloat, and that an American ship of war i3
ready to protect American citizens, and our coun-
trymen follow their lawful and peaceful pursuits
on the broad ocean without molestation, although
there may not be a ship of war within a thousand
miles. It should, however, be large enough to
serve as a nucleus, capable of any degree of strength
which in the event of contingency it may be cailed
to put forth. One of the mostimportantrequisites
in a permanent naval system for trie United States,
is its capability of large expansion.
The establishment of docks and yards for building
and repair of ships, the collection and preparation
of materials, tjie construction of ships of war ready ;
for launching, and the purchase of cannon and j
munitions of war in quantities suitable for emer- j
gencies, are measures of wise precaution. But in i
the vast mercantile and mechanical business of our 1
country, these supplies to a certain extent, perhaps
to an extent sufficient for the exigency, may be
procured when the occasion for expansion shall
arise. So, too, the hardy mariners m our merchant
service would readily furnish efficient crews for
the increased number of ships fitted for war, which
a maritime war may render necessary. The
difficulty of such a crisis, I apprehend, will not be
in providing guns or ships, nor will it be in finding
brave hearts and ready hands to man and fight
them; the difficulty will be neither in men to fight,
nor materials to use, but as to officers in sufficient
number and with adequate experience to command
and direct. A skillful naval officer, fitted by edu-
cation and experience in all the grades of the ser-
vice, to navigate and fight a ship of war, is not
readily formed. To qualify him for the responsible
duties of his profession, must beihe work of years.
Personal courage, general intelligence, and expe-
rience in navigation, are not. sufficient. Notwith-
standing exceptions may be found—and no mer-
chant marine would probably furnish them in
greater numbers than our own—yet I am.decidedly
of opinion, that, as a general rule, a naval officer
should enter the service at an early age, and passing
through all the grades, learn the various and com-
plex duties of his profession by personal expe-
rience, and especially thus learn to command those
who may be placed under him. I do not therefore
deem it unwise, that our navy list contains a larger
number of officers than may be required in time of
peace for the active duties of their rank.
I have no doubt that important improvements ,
may be made in our naval establishment.
Duty at sea is often attended with responsibil-
ity, hardship, and exposure. In the routine of
that duty, especially in time of peace, it must
often become monotonous, and cease in a great
degree to excite the zeal and enthusiasm neces-
sary to high distinction. It is wise to bring into
active operation those principles of human conduct
which will counteract the tendency to inaction and
indifference in the performance of e^n.the dull and
disagreeable duties of the profession. The most
potent, in my judgment, is the principle of military
rank involved in promotion from the lower to the
higher grades, by which the rewards of military
ambition are secured to those who perform the
arduous and active duties of their profession—to
those who, by their service and exposure, and
their ability for service, deserve them.
No one can doubt that promotions in the navy
should be made on the principle of merit, service,
and the capacity for duty. Yet the tendency of
such a system, without the regulation of law,
might be to foster favoritism, to promote a partial
dispensation of Executive-favor, and to withhold
from modest and unobtrusive merit the reward
| justly due to it.
j _ Under our present system, promotions are gen-
j erally made by seniority or date of commission;
[ and as the laws now stand, I am not prepared to
j say that, unfavorable for the interests of the public
| service as this often proves, any other plan which
' the Executive can adopt would be free from great
objections.
The safest and best mode, it appears to me, is to
require by law that officers rendered unfit for duty,
otherwise than by wounds received in battle, or
not qualified for promotion to higher grades, should
be placed, on reduced pay, out of the line of pro-
motion. Justice and policy would require that
great care should be taken against the exercise
of such a power capriciously, or without a due
regard to the rights of all.
The advantages of such a system in guarding
officers against contracting disqualifying habits; in
; stimulating them to the active and zealous perform-
1 ance of duty; in exciting them to the acquisition
I of professional knowledge, and in securing to the
j meritorious the rewards of promotion, without
' having the way blocked up by others, inferior and
I incompetent, would speedily develop themselves.
1 Such a measure would reduce the expense of the
; navy, because, under existing laws, officers who
do not perform duty, and are incapable of it, are
in the receipt of the full pay of their rank.
| Another great security for efficiency in the navy
! will be found in the education, and in affording the
I means of instruction to the officers.
j The beneficial effects of the Naval School at
I Annapolis upon the service are already beginning
