1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate &c Ho. of Reps.
to be'sensibly felt. The truth is admitted by alJ,
that the services required of officers are more of
the head than the hand. The result of experience
in the army—that m proportion as education has
beeri encouraged, and the means of'acquiring it
afforded, so have the character and efficiency of the
officers been improved—will not fail to be confirmed
in the navy. An accomplished naval officer must
understand all the sciences connected with navi-
gation; he ought to be familiar with steam, the
steam-engine and mechanics, with gunnei y, with
chemistry, with the languages of all nations with
whom his duty brings him in contact, and with
the laws of his own country and of nations.
The lad who leaves his parents at the age of
fourteen or fifteen years to enter the service as a
midshipman, cannot be expected to have laid the
foundation, even, for so broad a superstructure of
knowledge. The Naval School promises to fur-
nish the means of attaining these ends, so import-
ant for the navy. It will produce, I trust, the
same happy fruits of skill and knowledge which
the Military Academy has produced for the army.
In its present condition, and for some time to
come, I do not apprehend that it will be necessary
for Congress to regulate the details of the school
by law, which could only be modified, if found
injudicious, by the tardy process of repeal or
amendment of the law."* After a larger practical
experience, the department, aided by the learned
and judicious professors on duty at the school, and
by the officers of the navy who take a deep inter-
est in the subject, will doubtless be prepared to
present a more complete system. A necessary
appendage to the institution is a vessel of the navy,
fitted as a school of practice in gunnery and navi-
gation. I earnestly recommend that the appropri-
ation for the next fiscal year, for which an esti-
mate has been submitted, may be made; and as no
appropriation was made for the general wants of
the school for the present year, I recommend the
propriety of making it at the approaching session
of Congress.
There are now in one of the rooms of the build-
ing occupied by the Wavy Department a consid-
erable number of flogs and other trophies taken by
the navy from public enemies in war. I recom-
mend that authority may be given by Congress to
the Secretary of the Navy, under the direction of
the President, to cause them to be placed, with
suitable labels, at the Naval School, in the care of
the superintendent.
Under the act of the 18th of April, 1814, these
trophies have not been displayed to the public.
The proposed disposition of them would have a
good moral effect in exciting in the youthful bosoms
of the-midshipmen who are to be the future com-
manders of our ships of war, an emulation of the
virtues and heroism of those of whose valor and
skill these trophies are the memorial.
As soon as practicable after the proclamation of
peace with Mexico, the seamen, ordinary seamen,
landsmen, and boys in the naval service, were
reduced by discharges belQ,w the number of seven
thousand five hundred, as required by law.
By the third section of the act of August 3,1848,
the Secretary of the Navy was directed "forth-
with to contract with Messrs. Dakin and Moody
for the complete construction of a floating sectional
"dry-dock, basin, and railways at Philadelphia,"
with " Messrs. Gilbert and Seeor for the complete
construction of a balance, floating dry-dock, basin, j
and railway at Pensacola," and with one or the |
other of the Said respective parties, "for the com- j
plete construction, at the navy-yard at Kittery.of a j
floating dry-dock, basin, and railway, upon either j
of said plans, as the Secretary of the Navy may I
prefer, as best adapted to the said yard." j
Under the act of March 3, 1847, these parties |
had respectively submitted to the Navy Depart- j
ment proposals for building, at each of the three
yards named, a work, according to each plan, with
specifications, suitable for docking a line-of-battle
ship.
The act of 1848 made these plans and specifica-
tions the basis of the contracts directed to be made,
limited the cost to ten per cent, over and above •
the prices respectively stated in their said propo- j
sals, and provided that if the dimensions proposed j
should not be found adequate to docking war
steamers of the largest class—at least three hun- |
dred'and fifty feet in length—"the Secretary of I
the Navy shall also, by further contract with said
parties, enlarge the dimensions of said works at
each yard to a capacity-sufficient for that pur-
pose."
The plans and specifications were not adequate
to that object. The parties were therefore required
to submit plans and specifications adapted to the
increased dimensions of the works required by
law. When presented, I caused their reference to
t^o naval constructors and an engineer, and on
their approval, in obedience to the direction of the
law, the contracts were executed.
I adopted for the navy-yard at Kittery the bal-
ance-d<Sck with its appendages, because that plan
of dock had been-recommended by the Board of
Commissioners in 1847. It was less expensive,
and promised to be at least equally useful.
The increase of price consequent on the increase
of dimensions was fairly calculated pro rata, and
the contractors readily agreed to take the materials
which haO been procured for the works under the
act of 1847, at their cost to the Government.
The prices stipulated to be paid for the works
complete, are—
At Pensacola $921,937
At Philadelphia  813,743
At Kittery •.  739,905
Total 2,468,584
By the acts of March 3d, 1847, and August 3d,
1848, seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars
were appropriated for these objects; and an esti-
mate is submitted for six hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars for the next fiscal year. In the con-
tracts for such costly works, and especially as the
appropriations made were known to be insufficient
to meet the whole cost, it was deemed proper to
provide for partial payments as" the works pro-
gressed, with such security to indemnify the Gov-
ernment in the event of failure to comply on the
part of the contractors as it was thought reason-
able to require.
- Another year's experience has confirmed the
anticipation of most valuable results from the
establishment of the Observatory. In a report
which I had the honor to make from this depart-
ment under date of November 25, 1844, I ex-
pressed the confident opinion, "that in process
of time a most perfect set of charts may be sup-
plied from the depot, to the navy and to the
commeccial marine, entirely to be relied on for
accuracy, at the mere cost of publication." The
time has arrived sooner than I anticipated. The
chambers of commerce of our principal cities, and
intelligent merchants and navigators from all parts
of our country, aware of the great importance of
such an institution for publication of corrected and
verified charts, are readily communicating the re-
sults of their observation and experience; and
charts from th& Observatory are looked on with
increasing interest.
Besides these important advantages, most valu-
able services are rendered at the Observatory by
the care and adjustment of chronometers and other
nautical instruments for the navy. The establish-
ment is superintended and conducted with credit
and success bv naval officers who have shown
themselves entirely adequate to its duties.
Estimates are submitted, with a view to the
publication of charts-and a nautical almanac. I
recommend them to favorable consideration; and,
as a means of refunding a part of the expense, and
that none may be restrained from applying for
them, I recommend that authority be given to sell
them, when published, at the cost of publication.
Under the several contracts made with this de-
partment for the transportation of the mail in
steamships converted into war steamers, the par-
ties interested have made great progress in the
construction of their vessels and machinery.
The assignees of the contract for the route on
the Pacific have completed the number of steamers
required by the contract. They have been in-
spected , reported on favorably, and accepted by
the department, and have sailed from New York
to engage in their most interesting service. The
California, the first of this line, it is expected will
be at Panama on the first day of January next,
ready to make her first trip up the co^ist. The
other two will follow, and there is no reason to
apprehend that, in the hands of the enterprising
proprietors, the contract will not be satisfactorily
executed.
The proprietors of the line from New York to
New Orleans, touching at Charleston, Savannah, "
and Havana, and from Havana to Chagres, have
two of their large steamers launched, and in a
state of great forwardness, and have made exten-
sive preparations for the construction of the others
required by their contract. '
I regarded it as a matter of great public import-
ance, that this line should commence its operations,
at least to the extent of a monthly communica-
tion between Havana and Chagres, in time to con-
nect. with the Pacific line. The contractors,
desirous to meet the wishes of the department,
proposed to place on the route, temporarily,"the
ocean steamer Falcon. She has been inspected,
reported on favorably, and accepted for the ser-
vice, until the steamers constructed under the con- '
tract shall be ready to- take their places on the
route.
The Falcon has sailed from New York, will
touch at the intermediate points of the route,'and
deliver her mails find passengers in time to cross
the Isthmus and join the steamer at Panama on
1 the 1st of January.
The connected lines, in all their'parts, will, it is
expected, be in successful operation early in the
ensuing spring, and a regular communication es-
tablished between New York and Oregon. The
time occupied in the passage will not exceed thirty-
five days, and, at no distant day, it is confidently
believed that a regular communication will be
established, by a connecting, line of steamers be-
tween San Francisco and China, -making the pas-
sage in twenty days. This may readily be effected
by means of the war steamers now being1' con-
structed, as parts of the squadron in the East Indies
j and the Pacific, until individual enterprise shall
1 have introduced steamers better suited for freight
and passengers.
The transit of intelligence, merchandise, and
passengers from China to Europe, by way of
New York, can be effected, when these several
lines shall be in operation in connection with the
line from that city to Liverpool, in less than one-
half the time now occupied in the voyage between
those countries.
The communication by steamers regularly ply-
ing on the two routes, now about to commence,
cannot fail to increase our general commerce, and
to bring to our Atlantic cities a large import of the
precious metals; and this, with the facility afforded
to our enterprising countrymen to visit or to emi-
grate to the rich territories on the Pacific, more
than compensates the expense of the great under-
taking.
As a most interesting part of the system, I
recommend that authority be (riven to contract for
the transportation of the mail between New Or-
leans and Vera Cruz in steamships, convertible
into war steamers. It will tend, by promoting
social and commercial intercourse, to consolidate
friendship between Mexico and the United States,
promote the introduction of our great staples and ,
manufactured goods into Mexico, and invue her
rich products of specie to our cities. It will add,
too, to the mails on all the connecting lines, in-
crease the postal profits, and make available for
public defence an additional number-of war steam-
ers.
The contractor for the line between New York
and Liverpool has his vessels in a state of for-
wardness. He has two steamers, each of two
thousand eight hundred tons measurement, ready
for launching, and the frames of two others ready
to take their places on the building ways as soon
as launched, and the machinery in a corresponding
state of forwardness. The department has not
urged the contractor to undue haste in the con-
st! uction of his steamers. In the.present state of
communication with Europe by other means, the
thorough and skillful execution of the work on
the hull and machinery of the ships- is of more
importance to the Government than their speedy
completion. The contractor is prosecuting his
undertaking with energy and judgment.
In execution of the 13th section of the act of
August 3, 1848, measures have been taken to
remove the insane of the navy and marine corps
from the naval hospitals, to institutions established
for the treatment and cure of persons thus sadly
