APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 4,
-30th Com 2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
afflicted. It is believed that the object can be satis-
factorily attained on the moderate terms prescribed
by law. The whole number of insane persons in
the hospitals is thirteen, and some of them are so
quiet and harmless that it may not be necessary to
remove them.
The supply of hemp on hand, and deliverable
% under contracts already existing, rendered it unne-
cessary to advertise for any additional quantity
for the present year. That American hemp can
be prepared, in quality equal to any in the world,
has been established by experiment under the most
rigid tests. The heavy outlay necessary in pre-
paring for the production of the finer descriptions,
suitable for naval purposes, has prevented many
planters from engaging in annual contracts., The
joint resolution of Congress, of the 9ih of May
last, made a great improvement by authorizing
navy contracts for American water-rotted hemp,
for a term not exceeding five years, at a remuner-
ating price.
I propose to invite,.by advertisement, the hemp-
growers themselves to contract, and by accepting
proposals for quantities of twenty-five tong and
upwards, and, in' case of equality of bid, to give
the preference to the farmer who grows it, to
encourage the general adoption of the most im-
• proved process of preparing this important supply
for the navy.
Proposals for furnishing machinery for the rope-
walk at the Memphis navy-yard have been invited
by advertisement; and as soon as it can be manu-
factured and delivered, that important establish-
ment will be put in operation.
This place for the delivery of hemp for the use
of the navy will be far more convenient for do-
mestic hemp-growers generally than that at which
cordasre is now manufactured, and the facility of
access will justify the farmers in selling their pro-
duce directly to the Government, without the inter-
vention of agencies or the expense and loss of
more distant transportation and frequent tranship-
ments.
The military contributions collected in the Gulf of !
Mexico, at ports and places in the military occu-
pation of the naval forces, amount to one hundred
and thirty-one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
five dollars. ^
From the squadron in the Pacific the accounts
have not yet been received and adjusted. At
Mazatlan, then in the occupation of the navy,
Commodore Jones reports to the department that
up to the 17th of June, 1848, the contributions
collected at that port amounted to two hundred and
fifty four thousand three hundred and sixty-eight
dollars. It is not probable that any considerable
collections were made by officers of the navy at
any other point on the Pacific coast.
The plan of settlement adopted required the offi- [
cers first to settle at the Navy Department, on j
vouchers, the accounts of contributions, charging I
them the amount received, and crediting their dis- I
bursements made for the seivice in prosecution of i
the war as established by their vouchers. The |
collecting officer has been then required to settle at j
the treasury his account as acting purser, where :
he is charged with money and stores received on I
public account and credited with disbursements ;
.satisfactorily vouched other and beyond those I
already credited in his contribution account, and j
the balance thus appearing has in each case been >
paid into the treasury under its proper head of
appropriation. The practical effect of this mode
of settlement is to relieve appropriations made by
law to the full amount of the contributions. There
has not been a case of default.
The duty of collection, disbursement, and ac-
counting was performed by naval officers, without
any allowance for the service. The act of August
23d, 1842, was construed to forbid any allowance
beyond their pay as officers on duty, and no com-
pensation has been made for a service not within
the general range of an officer's duties, and in some
instances attended with positive and unavoidable
loss. Irepeatmyrecomniendation,heretofore made, !'
that authority be given to allow in each case a mod- j|
erate commission on collectionsand disbursements, {j
not exceeding, in the aggregate, a sum sufficient as
a reasonable indemnity for the risk and trouble ■!
attendant on the duty.
I have the honor to submit the reports from the ;|
several bureaus ef the department, with the esti- "
mates for the*naval service, and for other .objects
placed under the control of this department, for the
fiscal year ending with the 30th of June, 1850.
The gross amoynt of estimate is $8,858,856 58;
of which the following, being for special objects,
must be deducted to ascertain the probable annual
expense of the navy:
For transportation of the mails §874,600
Forfloatingdry-docks,basin,and railways 650,000
Completing stone dock at New York.... 490,G#0
Improvements, &c., at navy-yards  846 310
2,860,910
> Which sums being deducted, will leave for one
i year's expense of the naval serrice, including in-
! valid and widows' pensions and the marine corps,
j $5,997,946 58.
| I have the honor herewith to transmit a state-
[ ment from the Fourth Auditor's office, showing
J the exact amount of appropriations and expendi-
tures made for the entire public service under the
} control of the Navy Department in each year from
j the 30th of June, 1844, to the 1st day of July,
1848; by which it will appear that the aggregate
amount of expenditures, for the two fiscal years
ending on the 30th of Jufie, '45 and '46, amounted
to $14,967,036 09, and the aggregate amount ex-
pended in the two years ending on the 30th June,
1848, was $21,598,661 18.
The first two were in time of peace; the last
two embrace; with a trifling exception, the entire
| period of the war with Mexico. In the last two,
: it is worthy of remark, that for the construction
| of war steamers authorized by Congress, but not ;
| intended or expected to be employed in the war, ;
: and for other special objects, very considerable !
i expenditures were made under appropriations for j
i the purpose : so that the ordinary expenses of the j
' naval service have been but slightly increased by ■
the war with Mexico.
On the first day of July last, it appears that :
there remained in the treasury an unexpended bal- |
ance of the year's appropriations for the naval !
service of $3,295,630 57. Of this sum, one mil- |
lion seven hundred and ninety-five thousand six
hundred and thirty dollars fifty-seven cents were
carried to the surplus fund, and, as authorized by
law, the balance remains subject to expenditure, if
requited during the current fiscal year.
It £ives me pleasure to bear testimony, as the
result of my own experience, to the efficient or-
ganization of the Navy Department. Personally,
i acknowledge grateful obligations to the distin-
guished men ftho are, and have been, in charge of
the several bureaus. The division of its duties
secures to "the civilian who may be at the head of
the depaitment the aid and counsel of experienced
officers, whose professional information, at all
times freely but unobtrusively given, is eminently
j useful to him in the conduct of the vast and diver-
j sified business under his direction. Besides the
\ ships on the stocks, in ordinary, undergoing re-
! pairs, and in commission, and excluding navy-
: yards and other public lands required for purposes
; of the navy, with their costly improvements, the
! reports herewith submitted show that the public
| property on hand for naval purposes amounts, in
I l^e aggregate, to §9,400,370. The subdivision of
j duties and of superintendence among the several
I bureaus, has led to the introduction of judicious
! measures for the preservation of stores and rrmte-
I rials, and the enfoicement of strict accountability,
and thus guarded against an immense waste of
public property.
Under this wise distribution of duty and labor,
economy and efficiency have been promoted, great
| improvements introduced in the purchase and in-
; spection of timber, hemp, canvass, and other'ma-
; terials for construction, repair, and equipment; a
; series of well-conducted experiments in gunnery
, have been made, and ordnance, ordnance stores,
; and munitions of war of the most improved de-
: scription are procured.
i A judicious system has been established and
1 maintained for the necessary buddings at our navy- j
I yards, and for the uniform regulation of the q«an- jj
tity and prices of mechanical and other labor in ii
public employment; and the navy is supplied with jl
medicines, provisions, and clothing of the best i!
quality and on economical terms, under regula- '
tions digested with care and skill. jj
There is? however, one great defect in the pres- |j
ent organization of the Navy Department. The
duty of ordering: and detailing of officers for ser-
vice, of the general superintendence of enlistments,
of deciding^primarily, on applications for service,
relief, or discharges, occupies too large a portion
of the Secretary's time, and cannot be so satisfac-
torily performed*by him as by an officer of rank
bearing the relation to the department and to tfhe
navy which the Adjutant General does to the War
Department and to the army. The establishment
of a bureau for this most important duty would
involve a trifling expense. There would not be
required for the purpose any additional clerical
labor: the register and clerks now engaged on the
same duty would be sufficient. It cannot be
doubted that the effects of such an improvement
; in the organization of the department would be
highly beneficial.
A revised book of regulations for the navy is
very much wanted. In the government of the
navy, executive regulations form a large portion
of the law of the service. Those now in force are
contained in several publications, made at different
times, and in General Orders of the department.
It is often difficultfor officers to know what they
are. A revision, and republication in one book,
would prove of great advantage to the service, and
a small appropriation would probably cover the
expense. #
1 renew my recommendation that the appoint-
ment of a small number of assistant pursers may
be authorized by Jaw.
A joint board of officers of the army and navy
has been organized, with orders to proceed to the
west coast and make an examination of the coast
of California 'and Oregon, with a view to the col-
lection of the necessary information to determine
on proper points for fortifications and a navy-yard,
when if shall be the pleasure of Congress to direct
such establishments. A navy-yard on the Cali-
fornia coast, with suitable means for repair of ves-
sels, would, in my judgment, be of the highest
public importance.
I submit herewith the annual estimates for the
support of the marine corps. In obedience to the
direction of the act of Congress of March 2,1847,
at the termination of the Mexican war the ma-
rine corps was reduced, both in men and officers,
to a number not exceeding the number in service
at the date of the act. The reduction of the men
was effected by discharges as they arrived in the
United States. The duty of reducing the dum-
ber of officers was more difficult. It was neces-
sary to drop from the rolls four captains, four first
lieutenants, and four second lieutenants. It was
determined to organize a board of officers of rank 1
superior to that of captain; and they were instructed
to designate the officers who could be best spared
from the seivice. They made their report; and
the officers designated were dismissed without
alleged fault. Copies of the insti uctions and re-
port are herewith submitted. The efficiency of
our ships of war would be promoted if the marine
guard allowed by the regulation could be enlarged;
and an increase of the rank and file of the corps
from one thousand to fifteen hundred would, in my
judgment, be «highly beneficial. The number of
landsmen might be reduced to the same amount.
Such an increase of the non-commissioned officers
and privates would justify an additional number
of commissioned officers equal to the number dis-
missed.
By the joint resolution of Congress, approved
on the 10th of August, 1848, the officers, non-
commissioned officers, privates, and musicians of
the marine corps who have served with the army
in the war with Mexico, were placed,in all respects,
as to bounty land and other remuneration, in ad-
dit'on to ordinary pay, on a footing with the officers,
non-commissioned officers,privates, and musicians
of the army.
On consultation with the Attorney General, I felt
constrained so to construe the resolution as not to
include the marine guards attached under orders
to the ships of war in the Pacific and. Gulf of
Mexico. It did not appear to me that they could
be regarded as serving with the army within the
meaning of the resolution, as did the battalion of
marines who marched into Mexico, and formed a
part of the army. It is known that the marine
guards of both squadrons were often on land, co-
operating in the most gallant manner with the land
