1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate fit Ho. of Reps.
that depends in a great degree upon the rate of
postage.
If, however, the cost of each could be easily
and accurately ascertained, its want of uniformity
would prevent its adoption as the rate.
In ascertaining a standard by which the rates
are to be adjusted, the cost on different routes in
the several sections of the Union, the distance to
be conveyed, the expense in the offices of receiv-
ing, forwarding, and delivery, are too minute and
unimportant to deserve much consideration.
The best, and the only practicable criterion,
will be the expense of the whole system compared
with the revenue, and the adoption of such a rate
as experience shows to be enough to make the one
meet the other, approaching as nearly as possible
the cost.
Prior to the passage of the act of 1845, the rates
of postage on letters were adjusted according to the
number of pieces, making each one a single letter,
and different sums paid, according to the distance
they were conveyed, as if that was the principal
element in estimating the cost. This principle was
not entirely abandoned by the act of 1845, though
much simplified and improved; while charging by-
the piece is entirely surrendered, and the more just
and equitable mode, by weight, substituted. Ex-
perience proved that the rates, prior to the passage
of that act, were too high for the purposes of rev-
enue. For a series of years prior to that time, the
expenditures regularly exceeded the income, ex-
hibiting an annual average deficiency of about
$125,000 for the eight years preceding the passage
of the act. These deficiencies occurred while the
transportation gradually diminished, within the
last four or five years, about twelve thousand
miles in extent; so that, if the high rates of postage
had been continued, the service must have been
greatly diminished,, or large sums of money drawn
annually from the treasury for its use.
.This result may be mainly attributed to two
causes: First, the multiplication of railroads and
steamboat lines augmented the expense of the
- mail transportation from $404,123, in 1838, to
§843,430, on the 30th of June, 1845—more than
double the former mail pay;.whilst to individuals
the expense of transportation was diminished
' more than half. Second, the high rates of postage
and the reduced fare for travel enabled the ex-
presses to enter into competition with the depart-
ment, by conveying letters out of the mails. This
business was extensively carried on, notwith-
standing the severe penalties of the law, and the
energetic and determined efforts of the department
to enforce them.
The act of 1845 reduced the rates of postage
more than one-half,and substituted the half-ounce
for a single letter, in lieu of the single piece of
paper.
At the close of the first year, 30th June, 184G,
the deficiency proved much less than was cxpected,
only amounting to $597,098, and at the end of the
second year only to $25,417, while at the end of
the third year there was found a surplus of
$172,232 beyond the pfoper expenses of the year,
notwithstanding the very great increase in the ser-
vice in each of the years. This was caused not
only by an increase of the revenue, but by a re-
duction of the expenditures nearly equalling the
increase. That, however, exceeded the expecta-
• tion of the friends of the act.
The increased business in the offices, and the
improvement of the revenue under the present
rates of postage, lead to the conclusion that the
ten cent rate may be dispensed v/ith at the close
of the present year, if such other modifications of
that act as have been suggested, in my former re-
ports should be adopted. In my last annual report
an estimate was made of the paying letters which
passed through the mails, for the year ending30th
June, 1847. This was founded upon the revenues
of the preceding year, and the October returns of
1845, which had been made in pursuance of a
* resolution of Congress. From this it appeared
that the number of letters paying postage, including
ship and steamboat letters, ship letters forwarded
in the mails, dropped letters, and printed circulars,
amounted to 52,173,480. An estimate upon the
same principle, for the year ending the 30th June
last, would give as the number of paying letters
58,069,075. The October returns showed that over
one-fourth and less than one-third of the letter-
postage was derived from the ten cent rate. This,
taken as the basis of calculation, would make
14,303,753 letters paying that rate. If, therefore,
that rate should be dropped at the" close of the
present year, there would be a loss of $715,187, to
be supplied from some other source during the
next year.
It can scarcely be doubted, that with the surplus
expected, at the close of the present year, of
$428,336, the §200,000 for the postages of the Gov-
ernment for the next year, the increase of corres-
pondence, from the reduction in the rate of postage
and the abolition of the franking privilege, as
well as the saving on dead letters, if pre-payment
should be required, and the two cents that are paid
for advertising, and for the delivery of free letters,
would enable the department to meet its expendi-
tures from its own resources on the 30th of June,
1850. If, after that time, the business of the offices
shall continue to increase as it has done since the
act of 1845, which is probable, from the rapid in-
crease of the population apd business of the coun-
try, the department would not be embarrassed for
the want of means to meet any probable increase
in the service.
One other consequence expected by the friends
of the act of 1845, and which was relied on as a
certain means of improving the revenue, has not
been realized. It was confidently believed that
by such a reduction in the rates of postage, the
business of the expresses would be made unprofit-
able and be abandoned. This has not been the
case. The business, it is believed, between the
principal cities, is continued with much activity,
and the revenue seriously impaired by it. In a
recent number of the Pathfinder, published in Bos-
ton, the names of 235 cities and villages are given,
which arc regularly supplied #by express-m^n with
packages from that city, and most of them, doubt-
less, conveying letters regularly out of the mails.
The penalties now imposed by law are sufficient
for their suppression, if proper means were placed
in the hands of the department for their detection;
but it is believed' that no rate of postage which
would cover the expenses of the system, could be
adopted, sufficiently low to induce them to aban-
don it.
In settling the rates of postage, it is not unim-
portant to have them correspond with the current
and legal coins of the United States. The fewer
the rates, the more convenient to the postmasters
in performing their duties in their offices, and less
liable to err in keeping their accounts, and settling
them with the department.
Simplicity in the rates, as well as in the mode
of keeping their accounts, will promote cheapness
as well as regularity in the transportation and de-
livery of the mails.
For the purpose of taxation, the matter con-
veyed in the mails should be classified as fol-
lows:
First. Letter postage should embrace all written
communications, under sea! or not, and each
sealed packet or package. This class is composed
of private confidential communications, often con-
taining articles of value, partaking more of indi-
vidual than public interest, requiring more care in
their preservation, more labor in stamping, pack-
ing and enveloping, than printed matter, and are
always forwarded under lock and key, and should
therefore be charged at a higher rate. A uniform
rate of five cents for each half-ounce or fraction
untfer, and another rate for each additional half-
ounce or fraction under, would be as low, in the
opinion of the undersigned, as they could be made,
consistently with the principles above stated.
Second. Newspapers. This class has always
been esteemed of so much importance to the pub-
lic, as the best means of disseminating intelligence
generally among the people, that the lowest rate
has always been applied, for the purpose of en-
couraging their circulation. Heretofore, the charge
has been made upon each paper, without regard
to weight, which is unjust to the publishers, as
well as the public; and there is no satisfactory
reason why they should not be charged by weight,
as well as letters and other sealed packages. This
would lead to a discontinuance of the practice of
depositing newspapers in the mails before they are
dry, which renders them more liable to injury,
and their weight- is greatly increased from the
dampness of the paper. A uniform rate of one
cent' upon each ouncc or fraction under it, would
be more just, and probably yield as much revenue
as the present rates.
Third. All other printed matter, of whatever
nature or kind, should be rated with double news-
paper postage. Letters containing articles of
value, upon the application of the writer, should
be registered, and a receipt taken for the delivery,
and triple letter postage charged.
The principles suggested for regulating the in-
land postages apply with equal force to the foreign,
except that the service is much more expensive,
and would require an increased rate. Uniformity
in the rate is not less important in the one,than in
the other. The number and different amount of
rates now charged by law are very inconvenient
to the public, as well as to the officers, in the dis-
charge of their duties. Forty cents are now
charged to or from California and Oregon; thirty
cents to or from Panama; twenty-four cents to
Europe; twenty cents to Chagres; twelve-and-a-
half cents to Havana; six cents when delivered at
the ports of landing; two cents in addition to the
regular postage, when taken in the mails; one cent
to the postmaster when sent out of the country.
It is believed that one uniform rate of fifteen cents
might be advantageously adopted for the foreign
postage, and made applicable to our Territories on
the Pacific, and produce more revenue than the
charges now made. The commercial interests of
the country, the social and friendly intercourse
now existing, and daily increasing, between the
citizens of the United States and the people of
other countries, would be greatly promoted by the
adoption of that or some one rate less then is at
present charged. This would probably soon be
adopted by other countries having steamers en-
gaged in similar service. , Newspapers and other
printed matter sent from or received into the Uni-
ted States, might be rated with double the inland
postage on similar mailable matter.
In addition, the Post Office Department, under
the direction of the President, should have power
to raise or lower these rates-of postage whenever
it becomes necessary, on account of the competi-
tion from other countries, and to impose restric-
tions upon the vessels of any foreign nation equal
to those impogfed upon vessels of the United States
by such nation. When such powers are given to
the post offices in other countiies, such restrictions
may be imposed, when Congress is not in session,
as may deprive the vessels of the United States
of any participation in carrying letters. This
was done by an order from the Lords of the
Treasury in Great Britain, on the 9th of June,
1847, preceding the arrival of the Washington at
Southampton, and which had th6 effect to deprive
that vessel of any reasonable share of the business
between this country and England or France.
That order remained in force more than a year,
against all our remonstrances, before a law could
be passed to meet the emergency.
If the proposed reductions are to be made, and
the department required to sustain itself, it is indis-
pensable that the franking privilege should be
abolished. It is now greater and more extensively
used than at any former period; and as the privi-
lege is enlarged, the abuses under it increase. The
immense mass of free matter sent through the
mails necessarily requires a higher and more ex-
pensive grade of service, to enable the contractors
j to transport it. It is not unusual for coach service
1 to be demanded on routes yielding comparatively
nothing for the transportation of public documems
and other free matter. Over one route, a double
daily line, of four-horse post coaches, has become
indispensable. Some estimate may be formed of
the additional expense of transportation, from the
fact reported from the City post office, that in seven
days, from the 6th until the J2th day of .August
last, inclusive, 450 bags of free matter, weighing
35,550 pounds, averaging daily 5,078 pounds,
passed through his office. Upon inquiry, it ap-
pears that, between the 1st of December and the
1st of October last, there was sent from the two
Houses^f Congress, through the mails, about five
millions of copies of speeches and other matter,
weighing under two ounces, and about one hun-
dred and seventy-seven thousand public docu-
ments, besides the letters written by the members
of the House of Representatives; and there re-
mained to be forwarded more than one-h&if of the
