32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
[Nov. 30,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian
airs.
Senate &. ,Ho. or Reps.
years, of oar white population—confining each
wiihina small district of country, so that, as the
game decreases and becomes scarce," the adults
will gradually be compelled to resort to agriculture
and5 other kinds of labor to obtain a subsistence,
'in which 4aid may be afforded and facilities fur-
nished them out of the means obtained by the sale
of their former possessions; to establish, at the
same time, a judicious and well-devised system of
manual-labor schools for the education of the yoftth
of both sexes in letters—the males in practical
agriculture and the various necessary and useful
mechanic arts, and the females in the different
•branches of housewifery, including spinning and
weaving; and these schools, like those already in
successful operation, to be in charge of the excel-
lent and active missionary societies of the different
Christian denominations of the country, and to be
conducted, and the children taught, by efficient,
exemplary, and devoted men and women, selected,
with the approbation of the department, by those
societies, so that a physical, intellectual, moral, and
religious education will all be imparted together.
The strongest propensities of an Indian's nature
are his desire for war and -his love of the chase.
These lead him to display tact, judgment, and
energy, and to endure great hardships, privation,
and suffering? but in all other respects he is indo-
lent and inert, physically and mentally, unless on
occasions for display in council, when he not un-
frequently exhibits great astuteness and a rude elo-
quence, evincing no ordinary degree of intellect.
But anything like labor is distasteful, and utterly
repugnant to his feelings and natural prejudices.
He considers it a degradation. His subsistence
and dress are obtained principally by means of the
chase; and if this resource is insufficient, and it be
necessary to cultivate the earth, or to manufacture
materials for dress, it has to be done by the wo.men,
who are their " hewers of wood and drawers of
water." Nothing can inducehim to resort to labor,
unless compelled to do so by stern necessity; and
it is only then that there is any ground to work
upon for civilizing and Christianizing him. But
little if any good impression can be made upon
him in these respects, so long as he is able freely
to roam at large and gratify his too predominant
inclinations. Nor can these be subdued in any
otjier way than by the mode of colonization to
"which reference has been made. When compelled
to face the stern necessities of life, and to resort to
labor for a maintenance, he in a very short time
becomes a changed being; and is then willing, and
frequently eager, to receive information and instruc-
tion in all that may aid him in improving his con-
dition. It is at this stage that he begins to per-
ceive and appreciate the advantages possessed by
the white man, and to desire also to enjoy them;
and if too far advanced in life for mental instruction
himself, he asks that it may be provided for his chil-
d-en. Such is the experience in the cases of several
of the tribes not long since colonized, who a few
years ago were mere nomads and hunters; and
when settled in their new countries, were opposed
to labor, and to anything like schools or missiona-
ries, but. who are now desirous of both the latter
for the benefit of their children and themselves,
and are becoming prosperous and happy from
having learned how to provide a certain and com-
fortable support for themselves and their families by
the cultivation of the soil and other modes of labor.
The most marked change, however, when this
transition takes place, is in the condition of the
females. She who had been the drudge and the
slave, then begins to assume her true position as
an equal, and her labor is transferred from the
field to her household—to the care of her family
and children. This great change in disposition
and condition has taken place, to a greater or less
extent, in all the tribes that have been removed
and permanently settled west of the Mississippi.
It is true that portions of some of them enjoyed a
considerable degree of civilization before they were
transplanted; but prior to that event, they were
retrograding in all respects; while now, they and
others, who have been colonized and confined
within reasonable and fixed limits, are rapidly
advancing in intelligence and morality, and m all
the means and elements of national and individual
prosperity: so that, before many years, if we
„ sacredly observe all our obligations towards them,
they will have reached a point at which they
will.be able to compete with a white population,
and to sustain themselves under any probable cir-
cumstances of contact or connection with it. If
this great end is to be accomplished, however,
material changes will soon have to be made in the
position of some of the smaller tribes on the fron-
tier, so as to have an ample outlet for our white
population to spread and to pass towards and be-
yond the Rocky Mountains; else, not only will
they be run over and extinguished, but all maybe
materially injured.
It may be said that we have commenced the
establishment of two colonies for the Indian tribes
that we have been compelled to remove: one north,
on the headwaters of the Mississippi, and the other
south, on the western borders of Missouri and
Arkansas, the southern limit of which is the Red
river. The northern colony is intended to embrace
the Chippewas of Lake Superior and the upper
Mississippi, the Winnebagoes, the Menomonees,
such of the Sioux, if any, as may choose to remain
in that region, and all other northern Indians east
of the Mississippi, (except those m the State of
New York,) who have yet to be -removed west
of that river. The southern boundary oYthis col-
ony will be the Watab river, which is the southern
limit of the country, of the Winnebago^, who h$ve
removed there from Iowa within the last year.
The Menomonees, now residing near Green Bay,
in Wisconsin^are to be located above and adjoin-
ing the Winnebagoes, a treaty having very recently
been concluded with them to that effect. Above
these, to our northern boundary line and westward
to the Red river of the north, the country is owned
by the Chippewas, many of whom now live there,
though they still own a large tract east of the
Mississippi, computed at ten million seven hun-
dred and forty-three thousand acres, and lying
above a line running nearly due east from opposite !
the junction of the Crow Wing and Mississippi 1
rivers to a point about 92 degrees 15 nynutes
west longitude; thence due north to the St.
Louis river, and down that river to Lake Superior.
Many live north of the above line, but, as stated
in my last annual report, a considerable number
still remain south of it, on lands heretofore ceded
by them, which, for the reasons given at that time,
they should soon be required to leave for their own
country. But with reference to the civilization and j
welfare of these people, it would be a wise and even
necessary measure to purchase all the lands they
own east of the Mississippi, and concentrate them
altogether upon those that would still remain to
them west of that river. Until this shall have been
done, they will continue in so dispersed a condi-
tion that it will be difficult, if not impossible, to do
anything effective towards their permanent im-
provement. You are aware that an effort to effect
such a purchase was made last year and failed;
but it is believed, that if renewed, in connection i
with the removal of those on the ceded lands, and
the transfer of the agency to the Mississippi from \
La Pointe, Lake Superior, where it now is, it would
be successful. These people and the Menomonees1
being removed west of the Mississippi, the remain-
ing Indians east of that river to be sent to this col-
ony would probably notexceedjhreetfiousand six
hundred. Of the Sioux, it is not probable many
will remain for any considerable period in the Mis- |
sissippi region. Wild and untamable, and scat- .
tered over an immense extent of country, no effort j
could concentrate them, and, living wholly by^the j
chase, they will probably follow the buffalo and
other game, as it gradually disappears towards the
Rocky Mountains, either in the direction of the
headwaters of the Platte, or those of the Missouri
river, or both. |
If the Kanzas river were made the northern ;
boundary of the southern colony, there would be !
ample#space of unoccupied territory below it for I
all the Indians above it that should be included m ,
this colony. But the Deiawares, Pottawatomies, !
and possibly the Kickapoos, who, orliearly all of;
whom, are just above that river, it would not prob-!
ably be necessary Jo disturb. Above these, and \
on or adjacent to tfre frontier, are the band of Sacs ;
and Foxes, known as the " Sacs and Foxes of the \
Missouri," the Iowas, the Ottoesand Missourias, j
the Omahas, the Poncas, and the Pawnees. The |
last mentioned tribe are back some distance from
the frontier, on the Platte river^directly on the route jj
to Oregon, and have been the most troublesome
Indians to the emigrants to that territory. By the
treaty of 1833 they ceded all their lands south of
that river, and obligated themselves to remove
north of it; but as they are constantly liable to at-
tacks from the Sioux in that direction, those south
have never removed. As, however, there will soon
be a military force in that region, which can afford
them protection from the Sioux, they may properly
be compelled at an early day to remove and to keep
within their own country; and thus be out of the
way of our emigrants. They are so obnoxious
to the tribes south, that they could not, for the
present at least, be colonized with them. They
must eventually be driven west or exterminated by
the Sioux, who have a strong antipathy to them,
unless a better understanding can be effected be-
tween them and the southern tribes, which will
admit of their being moved down among or in the
rear of them. No reasonable amount of military
force could prevent their being killed off in detail
by the Sioux, if they remain long in their present
country. The other tribes mentioned can gradually
be removed down to the southern colony, as the
convenience of our emigrants and the pressure
of our white population may require;* which may
be the case at no distant day, as the greater por-
tion of the lands they occupy are eligibly located
on and near the Missouri river, and from that cir-
cumstance, and their superior quality, said to be
very desirable. Indeed, it would he a measure of
great humanity to purchase out and remove the
Omahas and theOttoes and Missourias at an early
period, particularly the former, who are a very in-
teresting people, being mild and tractable in dispo-
sition, and much attached to the whites. Were they
in a better position, they might, with proper meas-
ures, be easily civilized, and be made the instru-
ments of imparting civilization to others. Their
proper position would be with the Osages or Kanzas,
as they speak nearly, if not quite, the same language,
and are probably of the same primary stock.
They are the original owners of the soii, and re-
ceive no annuities from the United States; and as
they are circumscribed in their hunting expedi-
tions by the Sioux and Pawnees, they are liable
at times to destitution and great suffering. The
Sioux also not unfrequently attack and murder
j them in their own country, so that their situation
! is truly an unfortunate one. Their country is
estimated to contain from five to six millions of
acres of valuable land, which could be obtained
at this time at a very moderate price, and so tract-
able is their character, there would be no difficulty
■ in making ample provision out of the purchase
| money for their civilization and improvement,
i Reasons of a similar kind exist for buying out,
i and removing at an early period, the Ottoes and
1 Missourias, whose affinities of character and lan-
i guage are said to be with the Iowas. The lands
| claimed by them are estimated to embrace from
| two to three millions of acres. These two meas-
j ures consummated, the Pawnees all removed north
( of the Platte, and the Sioux of the Missouri re-
! strained from coming south of that river, there
j would be a wide and safe passage for our Oregon
! emigrants, and for such of thpse to California as
. may prefer to take that route, which I am informed
I will probably be the case with many,
i Eventually, when the Sioux shall have left the
! Mississippi region, and the Pawnees been dis-
placed in one or other of the ways mentioned, and
j when the other intervening tribes between the
! northern and southern colony shall have been re-
! moved to within the latter, an ample outlet of
| about six geographical degrees will be opened for
j our population that may incline to pass or expand
j in that direction, and thus prevent our colonized
( tribes' from being injuriously pressed upon, if not
j swept away; while, to the south of the southern
; colony, there will also be a sufficient outlet for such
l portion of our population as may take that direc-
tion.
! In the able and interesting report of that excel-
! lent and efficient officer, the Superintendent of In-
dian Affairs at St. Louis, he refers to the necessity
of providing lands suitable for agricultural purposes
for such of the prairie tribes as have no lands of
their own of that character, in order that they may
be saved from the perils whicK threaten them,
when the resources of the chase, on which they
now almost wholly rely, shall have been cut off by
the extermination of the buffalo—a circumstance
