36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Nov. 30,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Senate &. Ho. of Reps.
Sioux on a steamboat on the upper Missouri river ',! body better advised of the expenditures of the
engaged in a trading expedition, io which a white :i department, and enables it to exercise a greater
n an attached to the boat was killed; and the other, degree of supervision over them The result of
an attack by the Iowas upon a party of PMv- j this policy, m reference to the balances dispensed
nees, in which some twelve of the latter were slain j; with, has been as follows:
and scalped. The Indians alleged that they were Amount desijnated to go to the surplus fund
instigated to the first by. white persons in their ||
country, supposed to be rivals in trade with those |j  
whose goods were on board the boat. A further t] Amount designated to go to the surplus fund
report in relation to the causes which led to it is ■
soon expected; and, when received, the department
will be beiter advised as to the measures which
should he adopted to punish the really guilty psr- !l
ties, and to prevent such outrages in future. The n
attack of the iowas upon the Pawnees was unpro;
in 1848  
74,588 52
157.074 H7
1,0*2.3,027 70
This system necessarily increases the yearly
estimates'to the extent that the old balances could
aitaCK. 01 we U'WUS UPUll tuo J. aw-uooo w«.o II.IJMV/ [. ^
voked and wanton; and their annuities were directed j: ^e^used; j11 conmA^M
to be withheld until they had made the most satis- .
factory reparation of which the case admitted. ;
being required to be funded by the act of March
3, 1845, and on which interest at five per cent, is
payable to the parties, commencing: on their arrival
in the country of their brethren we,st of the Mis-
sissippi river. Of the half deliverable to the claim-
ants, there has been issued a portion equal to
330,840 acres of land. The remainder is in the
hands of the agentof the Choctaws westof thcMis-
sissippi, ready to be issued to the Indian claimants
as soon as they shall have removed there, it being
withheld tdl then, in accordance with the decision
of the President of September 25, 1847, (see Ap-
pendix B.) Thewholeamountof the scrip awarded
in this class of claims is equal to one million four
hundred thousand four hundred and eighty acres
of land, one-half of which only, however, will be
, and the estimates p absorbed by the unfunded portion of the scrip,
elusive view be thus || An increasing interest continues to be ever
balances should be retained
lessened accordingly, and a delusive view be thus ji A.n increasing interest continues to be pvery-
presented to Congress of the probable amount of where manifested in the cause of education. Many
out i. expenditures in the next succeeding year. ;! of the tribes which have heretofore refused to per-
oftheir present 'year's annuity, which was satis- ;l The accumulation of large amounts in the hands ; mit the introduction of schoolsinto their country
factory; and both parties bound themselves here- ! of disbursing agents.^has always been consideied
after to submit all eases of dispute or difficulty
They'accordingly entered into aii agreement with
the Pawnees to pay them eight hundred dollars oi
between them to the President, and to abide by his l| the public service-leading, as it frequently does,
dec.inon t0 speculations with the public funds, and eventu-
The making of the annuities of a tribe liable for ij ally to defalcations The special attention of this
such acts of misconduct, has no doubt a restrain- i| office continues to be directed to this subject. As
ing effect, but of itself is not sufficient among the || stated ast year, the large sum of $294,849 91,
less civilized tribes. Their natural propensities!: which had accumulated in the hands of the various
are warlike, and Ciccess in war is the principal agents, was withdrawn therefrom and restored to
and most ready mode of obtaining distinction and j: the treasury, and the remittances a
power; and hence it is difficult, and often impossi- i arranged and regulated, that they ne\
lie, for the chiefs and well-disposed of a tribe to ''   >■""
restrain the restless and ambitious from hostile
aggressions upon Indians of other tribes. This
can be done only by the prompt and vigorous in-
terposition of the Government; and it is strongly
recommended, by those whose judgment and ex-
perience are worthy of entire reliance, that power
should be given to the department ill all such cases
to arrest the guilty parties, and to inflict some
proper punishment upon them, according to the
nature and extent of the offence. Until those im-
mediately concerned in such outrages are made
are now coming forward and asking for Jheir
one of the most fruitful sources of malfeasance in jj establishment, and some of them are even offering
are now so
never have in
their 'possession anything beyond what is almost
immediately required for expenditure.
, which had been set apart by treaty for ;
severely "to feel that they are liable to be attended. 1, the use and benefit of individual Indians, without
with consequences of a humiliating and painful |j vesting m them the fee, and which they could not
character, 'they cannot be effectually checked. !| therefore sell, as m other cases; but the act of the
"Where c'.iiefsare implicated, they should be broken i 9 th of March last.authorized them to do so, wuh
and degraded; and all concerned should be pun- |! the approval of the President. Regulations pie-
ished with confinement and hard labor at some of i; scribing the conditions of such approval were
to appropriate a. portion of their own means to "the
promotion of this great object. This gratifying
change in their sentiments and views has been
brought about in a great measure by the system
which has been pursued for some time of impart-
ing a knowledge of agriculture and the mechanic
arts, with that of letters, and the efficient cooper-
ation of the different missionary societies in ths
i efforts of the department.
j The nnmber of schools in the Indian country
;; has increased more rapidly during the past than
Tables G and H are appended to show the ,j'jn any preceding year, whilst the attendance and
amounts invested in stocks of various States, and deportment of the scholars have been far more
of the United States, for the benefit of several of >; constant and exemplary than before. It appears
the tribes, and the annual income therefrom; and . from the reports made to this office, that there are
also the amounts not invested, but held in trust, n0w in successful operation, among the different
and interest thereon annually paid by the Govern- : tribes, sixteen manual-labor institutions, at which
nient. ii are maintained and educated eight hundred and
In my report of last year, I noticed the peculiar j nine scholars, of which five hundred and seventy-
situation of certain Indian reservations in the State :! seven
of Illinois
the military posts. Such a course of policy, rigidly
pursued, would soon put an end to tribal as well
cis intestine wars.
TJiouftii most of the expenditures in this branch
of the public service are, m their objects and
amounts, specifically defined and fixed by law or
treaty stipulations, so that there is but little scope
for the exercise of Executive discretion, the esti-
mates recently submitted of the appropriations re- :
quired for the next fiscal year exhibit a reduction
in amount compared with those of last year: whilst i
both are considerably less than those for the four !
preceding years, which averaged $>1,218,591. !
Theoinount of tho«« of last vear wa« £892,1H4 68 [
Those presented mis year amount to  857,473 45 \
Difference  34.061 23 j
adopted, and widely circulated; but so far only
! four cases have been perfected in accordance there-
I with, and approved. A large number of claims,
i by purchase, to other reservations, under various
! treaties, have been examined during the past year,
| of which upwards of fifty, having been perfected
| accord in? t0 the regulations of the department,
1 have been confirmed.
t Of reservations under treaties prior to 1830,
about sixty remain untransferred, though about j
half of them are claimed by purchases which have
not been confirmed, because the prerequisites tliere- j
to have not been complied with. By subsequent
are males, and two hundred and thirty-two
females; and eighty-seven boarding and other
schools, with 2,873 scholars—2,073 males, and 80ft
females. These schools are represented to be
supplied with good and competent teachers, and to
be otherwise in a prosperous and highly-satisfac-
tory condition. With the efforts of the Govern-
ment, and of the various religious and philanthropic
societies of the United States, thus united, the
blessings and advantages of this great moral en-
terprise, worthy of the age and of the country,,
may be extended to the whole of our aboriginal
race.
There are also now undercontracf, and in prog-
ress of establishment, seven tnore large manual-
labor schools—one among the Chickasaws, two
among the Creeks, one among the Miamies, two
among the Pottawatomies, and one among the
Kanz.as. The aggregate sum set apart by these
tribes for the buildings and improvements is
§34,000, and that for their annual endowment and
treaties—principally those with the Choctaws, | maintenance about §26,000; which sums are in ad'
This result has been attained only by the most j
rigid supervision, for some time past, of the ex-
penditures for such objects as are in any way sub-
ject to the discretion or control of the department, ;
"and by cutting off all those which could possibly j
be dispensed with without manifest injury to the
service. Appended, marked F, is a copy of a
circul.tr issued a short time since, imposing addi-
tional responsibilities and restrictions in reference
to expenses of a contingent nature, which, it is
expected, will lead to still further economy in the
disbursements of that character
Creeks, and Chickasaws, of 1830, 1832, and 1834
—upwards of nine thousand reservations were set
apart for individual Indians the greater portion of |
which have been sold by the reservees,and the sales
approved. The investigation and settlement of these
cases have imposed upon the office a vast amount |
of labor and difficulty, there being many cases of
fraud, and numerous contests between opposing
dition to the amount that is to be furnished by the
missionary societies, under whose care they will
in a great measure be placed.
The Chickasaws are not disposed to stop with
the establishment, of one institution; they have
recently authorized the department to make ar-
rangements for two more of the same description;
and, in a spirit of liberality that might be advan-
claimants, which rendered necessary the greatest ! tageously imitated elsewhere, have appropriated,
care and caution. Those remaining unsettled are fr0m the interest arising from their stock invent-
generally now in such a situation that {hey may II ments, the sum of §12,000 for the buddings, and a
soon be disposed of; and as the evil and corrupt j amount annually for their maintenance and
policy of granting reservations in Indian treaties : support. And the Creeks, unwilling to be sur-
I lias been discontinued, this tedious and embarrass- ^ passed by their neighbors in their appreciation of
ing class of business may be entirely closed up at m advantages arising from the education of their
an early day, and the time and attention required jj children, have determined, in council, to apply the
The policy announced in my report for 1646, of by it he profitably devoted to the other important j whole proceeds cfthe fund realized from the sale
' - i, and increasing duties of the office. . oftheii'.orphan lands, whichwas invested in stocks,
I Under the acts of August 3,1842, and August 0, : to a similar purpose.
I 1846, there have been adiudicated three thousand ! The Choctaws have not only made provision for
eight hundred and thirty-two claims, including , j the maintenance of eight large boarding schools m
those of children, of that class of the cases arising ,! their own country, but they recently appropriated
surrendering to file treasury all balances of two
year«' standing, not needed for the current ex-
penditures, in order that they may be carried to
the surplus fund, and the appropriations cancelled,
continues to be rigidly adhered to. This not only
produces a greater degree of conformity between
the amounts of the estimates and expenditures,
but, as the department is compelled, when means
are necessary for the objects for which the balances
carried to .the surplus fund were intended, to apply
to Congress for new appropriations, it keeps that
under the 14th article of the Choctaw treaty of
1830, for which reservations could not be assigned 1
in accordance with the specific provisions of that,
treaty, and for which those laws authorized the I
"ranting of scrip to the claimants, one-half only i
of which was to be issued to them, the other half i
and set apart the interest arising from certain
moneys which they have invested in stocks of the
United States, for the instruction of such of their
youth as, at the annual examinations of their own
schools, may appear to evince the most promise
and aptitude for study in the various branches of
