1848.]-
' APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S9
30th Cong 2d Se
ss.
Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office. . Senate &l Ho. of Reps.
which to attach these duties when they are no
longer exercised by the surveyors general, and I
would therefore respectfully recommend that the
necessary legislation be had for that purpose.
Early last summer Messrs. Owen arid Jackson,
the geologists appointed under the acts of 1st and
3d March, 1847, to make a geological survey and
exploration of the copper regions of Michican, W is-
consin, and Iowa, were despatched to the field of
their operations, with instructions to close their ex-
plorations this year. Prom letters received from
these gentlemen, it would appear that they have
* extended their«bservations over a large portion of
the districts assigned them, and I have no doubt
that the result of their labors will be highly inter-
esting to the cause of science. They have not,
however, quite completed their labors, and I would
respectfully recommend that they be authorized to
complete their explorations during the ensuing
season. No appropriation has been asked for this
service, however, as it is believed that the funds
already provided are sufficient for the purpose.
Should it be found, on further examination, that
there is a small deficiency, it will be made the
subject of a special report. The synopses'of these
gentlemen, as far as received, are attached to and
form part of this report.
As intimately connected with this matter, I
would here recommend the establishment of a sur-
veyor general's office for Oregon, of a commission
to adjudicate and determine the private claims in
California and New Mexico, and subsequently the
establishment of a surveyor general's office there
also, and the extension of our system of surveying
over those Territories and over that of Nebraska
also. The expediency and advantages of this
course are set forth more fully and in detail under
the head of private land claims.
The necessary instructions have been issued to
the surveyors general of Arkansas and Missouri
to close the surveys in those States respectively on
the line established as the boundary between them
by the act of 15th February, 1848.
The evidence in this office, that the main chan-
nel of the Mississippi was on the east sideof Wolf
Island, being considered clear and conclusive, that
being the broader channel, discharging more water,
and being more generally used it has been concluded,
as no action has been had on the matter by Con-
gress, to consider that island as part of Missouri;
and injustice to the claimants, to issue the patents
for the entries and locations made upon it as part
of the public domain, leaving the final question of
title to be determined by the courts, if it should ever
be disputed.
The question of the boundary between Missouri
and Iowa is still pending before the Supreme
Court; and in relation to those between Arkansas
and Louisiana, and between Georgia,and Florida,
• no action has yet been had by Congress. It is
highly important, for the reasons heretofore given,
that these questions should be speedily and filially
determined, especially that between Arkansas and
Louisiana, as the office of the surveyor general in
the former district is about being closed.
The necessary instructions ha've been issued to
the surveyor general of Florida, to have the quar-
ter section surveyed, which was granted by the
act of 25th July, 1848, for the county site of Hills-
borough county, in the State of Florida. The work
has been ordered by the surveyor general, and
the return of the survey is expected at an early
day. •
II.—Private Land Claims.
In my last annual communication, I had the
honor to advert to difficulties which existed par-
ticularly in Florida, in locating and surveying titles
of this class, on account of the data on which they
were founded being often meagre and too vague j
to fix the precise localities, and where claimants 1
had failed to furnish such information to the sur- |
veyors as would enable them to trace out and I
establish their boundaries. I
Such obstacles, to a greater or less extent, are I
inseparable from the very nature of this numerous i
class of ancient titles, which, in fact, of themselves '
constitutes a system gradually formed, under the !
operation of early and successive acts of Congress, i
which have been passed pursuant to treaty stipu- i
lations, in Order to respect and carry out m good j
faith, the intentions of Spain, France, and Great !
Britain, in regard to rights, inceptive and mature, i
which had originated under the laws,-customs, and
usages of eolonie3, once the territories of these
transatlantic sovereignties.
These claims, of various forms and size, in the |
different States where the public domain lies, are' I
scattered over the regular public land surveying ;
system, and present to the eye the principal devia-
tions from its simplicity and uniformity.
In their wide range and irregular course, they
serve to show the progress of the early settle-
ments, and advance of civilization; and where still
held in continued possession by the descendants,
or legal representatives of the original owners,
whose rights have been recognized by laws of the
United States, there can be but little difficulty in
ascertaining, and severing from the public lands,
such private property* which justice and national
good faith require should be scrupulously respected
and recognized by the United States survey and
patent.
But where the possession is not continued, or
other impediments exist ill ascertaining the precise
limits of such claims, the interest of the Govern-
ment, and sound policy, demand that, in cases
falling in this category, which, from the designa-
tion of their general locality-  r« snsrpritlKV '
sonable to presume that the most, if not all of
them, have passed into the hands of innocent pur-
chasers, who are now the claimants.
In order, therefore, to relieve this matter from
its present and from future embarrassment, ,it is
respectfully submitted for the consideration of
Congress, whether it would not be proper to em-
power the-department, by law, to. institute an
examination into those suspected cases; and where
it is ascertained that a claim is in the hands of an
innocent party, and it has been actually located
and surveyed, and is not interfered with by any
adverse claim, in virtue of a sale,confirmation, or
preemption right, prior to such survey, that the
department be authorized to direct the survey to
be approved, and issue a relinquishment, or quit-
claim patent, to the claimant; and further, that in
j any of the suspected class, not yet surveyed, but
j susceptible of a proper location, the depart-
| ment be further authorized to order a survey,
I which survey shall be approved, subject, however,
j to any regular sale, previously made, to any prior
I location of a recognized claim, and to any pre-
j emption right which has been filed with the regis-i
| ter and receiver, and which may be found regular
in other respects; and that the patents in all such
are susceptible of
j location, the department be empowered, by law, j! cases be issued with a saving'clause, so that the
i to order the location of them according to the lines | ["question of title, if desired by any of the-parties,
I of the public surveys, and so as to include the ]i may be ultimately tested by judicial investigation,
j ancient settlements, or improvements, where they i| It is deemed proper to invite attention to the in-
! can be ascertained; and further, that where such i! lots and out-lots of the present village of Smlt Ste.
\ locations are made, they shall be held forever bind- j j Mane, situated in the northern frontier of the
j ing upon the claimants, unless within one year j| Union, on the waters between Lake Superior and
from the date of the approval of the survey, the
parties shall satisfactorily show the location to be
erroneous, and in prejudice of their ri^lits as here-
tofore recognized by law; in which event, it is
proposed that the department be authorized to
order a new final location and survey.
Besides thp numerous titles which are embraced
in the various reports of the boards of United
States Land Commissioners, and which have been
recognized by act of Congress, or confirmed by
decrees of court, individual cases are appearing
by petition, at almost every session of Congress,
seeking confirmation; and our statute books show,
that numerous similar cases, from time to time,
have been affirmed by special enactment.
In order to quiet titles, and avoid, as far as pos-
sible, conflict hereafter between claimants under
such ancient titles, and purchasers from the United
i States, it is further proposed, in respect to claims
! unconditionally confirmed, which have been al-
ready surveyed, and found to be interfered with
by sales or other junior titles, that authority by
law be conferred on the department to order, upon
Lake Huron, and to suggest that legislative action
be had, with a view to the alienation, on liberal
terms, to actual settlers, of the title of the United
States to such lots as may not be required for
military or other public purposes; the lines of the
public surveys having been extended up to that
region, and a United States land office there opened,
for the sale of the public lands in that part of the
country.
To effect this object, it is proposed that author-
ity of law be conferred on the department, to have
an actual survey made of the village of Sault Ste.
\ Marie; or if there be an existing accurate survey
j of it, to have the same retraced, in connection with
j the lines of the public surveys, and upon a map of
; the same, to have first exhibited such lots or tracts
1 as may be required by the War Department for
! military or other public purposes; then to direct
; an examination and report by the register and re-
ceiver of the claims'of airactual bona fide settlers
! who have built upon and improved any of the
said lots or parts of the same, discriminating be.-
tween those holding under the old claims, which
the assent of the'confirmee or his legal represent- : were acted upon by the board of commissioners,
atives, the area of interference to be located on
other lands, subject to private entry in the States
in whieli the originaWclaim was situated, and to
carry such interfering sate, if regular in other re-
spects, into patent. And in reference to cases
which have not been heretofore actually located or
surveyed, and where the claimant has failed to
gi ve such notice to the local land office as will show
the location of such claim in correction with the
public surveys, any sale which may have been, or
may be made by the United States £>rior to such
notice when given, and, when not given, prior to
the return of survey to the local office, shall, when
regular in other respects, be carried into patent,
and the confirmee, or his legal representatives,
allowed the area in other lands subject to private
entry.
under the act of 21st February, 1893, and entered
in " book JSTo. 7," of the -proceedings of the com-
, missioners on claims at tj^e Sault Ste. Marie,
I (State papers, D. Green, vof. 4, pages 830 to 842,)
and such actual settlers as a re'"of a more recent
date. Then to have an assessment of the value of
such lots at the time of settlement, and of the price
that should be paid for the same; and upon'the
approval, by the department, of such survey and
report, each settler who may pay to the
receiver, within a limited time, the amount of as-
sessment, to be entitled to receive a patent for his
j lot. All the vacant lots to be exposed to the high-
; est bidder; and those not sold, to be disposed of
i at a reasonable minimum at private entry. The
j money accruing from the sale of improved'lots, to
be applied to defray the expense of such survey;
There is also a class of private claims in Louisi- l' and the balance paid over to the trustees of tfie
ana, principally found in the report, dated 1st Jan- |j village, for the erection of public buildings, &c.
uary, 1821, of Daniel S._Sutton, former register j1 A measure like this would quiet titles, quicken the
of the district north of Red river, and a few m |
Samuel H. Harper's report of that year for the ;
southeastern district, about forty-nine in number, i
and covering eighty thousand some hundred acres,
which are confirmed by an act of Congress ap-
growth and improvement of the place, which may,
and probably will become, before many years, an
important commercial point, inviting emigration to,
that section of country, and leading to an actu-
al and speedy sale and settlement of the public
proved 28th February, 1823, but were suspended 1 lands in that legion, and to the development of the
after their confirmation, for the reason that the T agricultural and rich mineral resources already
title-papers on which they were founded were !! known to exist in that interesting portion of our
suspected to be fraudulent. I country. In connection with this matter, it is
This matter was adverted to, in reports from t; proper to observe, that there is a large claim at
this office, shortly after the confirmation, and sub- j| "the Sault Ste. Marie, for* six leagues fiont on the
sequently; but no legislative action in the premises |j riv*r, and six leagues in depth; which claim origi-
has since been had, and the confirmatory statute ij nated in 1750, in a concession by Lejonquiere, the
remains unrepealed. As a quarter of a century j! Lieutenant Governor General, and Rijot, the 1 n-
has elapsed since they we it; confirmed, it is rea- '1 tendant General of New France, and is represent-
