4(f
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Nov. 80,
30th Cong-...,.2d Sess. Report of the Commissioner of the General ImuiI Office. Senate &s Ho. of Reps.
ed to have been ratified by Louis XV. on the 24th
Junet 1751. This claim, however, at the last
session was before a committee of the Senate, who
made an elaborate report against its validity.
(Senate report, No. 209, 1st session 30th Con-
gress.)
By a proviso in the act of Congress, approved
27th March last, entitled "An act further to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1848,"
so much of the act of 3d March, 1825, as autho-
rized the appointment of two keepers of the public
archives in Florida, was repealed, from and after
the 30th June, 1848; and in the mean time, it was
made the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause the said archives to be removed to some
public office- in the State of Florida, to be desig-
nated by the President, there to be safely kept.
This matter having been referred to me by the
acting Secretary on the 4th May last, this office
made a report on the 8th of that month, suggest-
ing a plan of transfer, and proposing the surveyor
general's office at St. Augustine, Florida, as the
place of deposite. It having been subsequently
represented to the department that the Senate had
taken further action on the subject, the matter was
ordered to be held in suspense, m deference to that-
body, and with a view to ascertain whether it was
the will of Congress to modify the aforesaid pro-
vision of law, or not; but in the publication of ail
the laws of the last .session, it appearing that no
change had been made in that provision of the act,
and this fact having been brought to the notice of
the Executive, the President ordered the archives
to be transferred to the office of the surveyor gen-
eral, as recommended in the aforesaid report from
this office of the 8th May last; and instructions
have been issued accordingly by this office, requi-
ring the late keeper of the archives at St. Augus-
tine, and the late keeper at Pensacola, to transfer,
with proper schedules, all the archives in their
possession, respectively, to the custody of the
surveyor general at St. Augustine. That seemed
to be the most appiopriate place to which -the
transfer could be made, as it is important that the
archives should be within the reach and under-
the control of the surveying department, because
of the large number of private claims in Florida
yet to be located and surveyed, and in view of the
special act of Congress, approved 28th June, 1848,
" respecting certain surveys in the State of Flori-
da," which express1y*delegates authority to the
Commissioner to have the surveys of confirmed
private claims made in connection with the sur-
veys of the Florida keys and islands, and in ref-
erence to which contracts have been made, and
special and detailed instructions given, which have
been treated of more fully in another place in this
report.
As the numerous reports which have been made
at different periods, and by successive boards of
commissioners, commencing with the earliest le-
gislation of Congress for the adjudication of foreign
titles to land within our territorial limits, and for
ancient settlement claims, necessarily exhibit only
the nature and extent of the original and deriva-
tive titles, with a reference to the surveys under
the former governments, or to general localities, I
have contemplated the preparation of exhibits,
which shall contain, in addition to the abstracts of
titles, as presented in the adjudications of the
commissioners, a reference >to the confirmatory
acts of Congress, or dectees of courts, and also the
designation of the surveys, when finally made, of
every confirmed claim. This work has been in
part ordered and undertaken, and a portion of it
finished. it is proposed that it shall advance to
completion, as the public land and' private claim
surveys shall be closed up m the several States in
which the public lands are situated, so that when
completely finished, the archives of our Govern-
ment shall contain a condensed history of every
tale, from its inception under the former govern-
ments, to its adjudication under our own; its con-
firmation by act of Congress, or judicial decree,
and its final survey and patenting, under the au- ■
thority of the United States. (
The treaty of limits westward of the Rosky 1
Mountains, concluded on the 5th August, 1846,
between the Uruted States and Great Britain; the <
organization of the Territory by the act of Con-
gress, approved 14th August, 1848, entitled "An'
■ act to establish the Territorial Government of Ore-
gon;" and the interests of our settlers in that distant
western frontier, call for further and speedy legis-
lative and administrative action.
By the 3d#articie of that treaty, it is declared,
that "in the future appropriation of the territory
' south of the forty-ninth parallel of north latitude,
' as provided in the first article of this treaty, the
' possessory rights of the-Hudson's Bay Company,
' and of all British subjects, who may be already
« in the occupation of land ar other property law-
< fully acquired within the said territory, shall be
' respected." And by the 4th article of thejsame
treaty, "the farms, lands, and other property of
' every description, belonging to the PugeCs Sound
' Agricultural Company, on the north side of the
p'Columbia river, Shall be confirmed to the said
!• 1 company," with a right, on the part of our Gov-
\' ernment, to purchase, if the situation of thosefarms
!| and lands should be considered by jhe United
11 States to be of public and political importance. In
ij the first section of the aforesaid act of 14th August,
j 1848, for the territorial organization, it is provided,
i " that the title to the land, not exceeding six hun-
!< dred and forty acres, now occupied as missionary
14 stations among the Indian tribes in said Territory,
i together with the improvements thereon, be con-
i firmed and established in the several religious so-
' cieties to which said missionary stations respect-
* ively belong," &c. And by the 14th section of
that act, all laws of the Provisional Territorial
Government, making grants of land, or otherwise
affecting or incumbering the title to lands, are de-
clared to be null and void.
The obligations imposed by the treaty, and as-
| sumed by the first section of the act of 14th August,
|] 1848, render it important and necessary for our
!j Government to establish a tribunal for the prompt
I adjudication of all claims under the treaty and act
I of Congress, in order that what is private property
may be definitively and speedily ascertained, and
that immediately upon the organization of a sur-
veying department for the Territory, all such
claims may be regularly and properly separated,
by actual survey, from the public lands. As the
14th section of the act of August, 1848, has abro-
gated and annulled the Provisional Territorial laws
making grants of land, the settlers in Oregon are
thrown upon the liberality of Congress, to whom
alone belongs, under our Government, the power
of the primary disposal of the soil.
It is submitted that authority of law should be
conferred for the examination and recognition of
bona jide, actual settlement claims, which existed
before, and at the time of the treaty of limits; and
that in all cases where substantial and valuable
improvements have been made, that the right to
the soil should be conceded, and a liberal policy
observed, not only to the old settlers, but to those
who may hereafter, within a limited and prospect-
ive- period, seek homes in that region, and estab-
lish and maintain such continued possession as
II will show that they have permanently identified
'i themselves with the interests and future condition
jj of the country.^ The importance of making pro-
' j vision for the examination and adjudication of titles
,j and claims to land, in our recent territorial acqui-
{ sitions in New Mexico and California, will doubt-
| less also engage the early attention of Congress.
i Though the relations between a peopie and their
j1 former Government be dissolved by a change of
sovereignty, the right of private property remains
t unaffected by this change.'"
I It is not only, then, required of us as a matter of
.| justice, under this acknowledged principle of uni-
| versal law, to recognize and respect private prop-
! erty, held by valid titles under former Governments,
:! but it is incumbent upon us to do so, under express
stipulations in the 8th and 9th articles of the treaty
; of peace, friendship, limits, and settlement, with
' the Republic of Mexico, as ratified on the 4th
July, 1848.
,: It is also of the highest importance to the preseilt
and future welfare of those Territories, that early
1 and efficient measures be taken by the appoint-
1 ment of a tribunal, clothed with the necessary {
' powers for ascertaining^ and adjudicating claims to :
lands within those Territories, which may be held
by bona fide titles, under the Governments of Mexico .
i and Spam, and so recognized by the Mexican ■
authorities, before military possession was taken :
i by the United States, in order that all such as are j
| valid and binding upon us may be confirmed and
; detached from the public lands, and all such as
; are spurious, or illegally made, may be summarily
; annulled. Such a tribunal should have the power
! to hold its sessions at whatever places the Presi-
dent may deem most proper for the object contem-
plated, should be authorized finally to confirm, and
report all valid and complete titles under the Spanish
and Mexican Governments for small areas, say,
not exceeding tracts of 1,000 arpens each, and to
make a report for the decision of Congress, upon
all such grants of a larger area, and also upon such
of a less area than 1,000 arpens, hot held under
complete titles, but inchoate, where the latter may
j appear to be of such a meritorious character as to
i entitle them to favorable consideration.
| It should also be authorized to examine and
! adjudicate all individual and municipal titles to lots,
j held under valid and complete grants from the
! authorities of Mexico, for the erection of pueblos
! or towns, and to confirm, and finally release the
: title of the United States to su&h lots, not wanted
for military or other public uses, as may have been
granted to the authorities of a town, by a United
States military officer, acting at the time as gov-
ernor, under an appointment from the President of
the United States.
■ Such a tribunal is indispensable, in order prop-
erly to discriminate and separate the valid and
meritorious titles from those which are invalid and
intrinsically destitute of merit in law and equity.
The testimony before the Military Committee
of the Senate, in February last, shows the circum-
stances that, fortunately for the interests of the
United States, frustrated the consummation of the
immense colonization grant to Macnamara,* which
he sought of the Mexican Government, for 3,000
square leagues between the river San Joaquin,
from its source to its mouth, and*the Sierra Nevada,
and extending from the river Consumne on the
north, to the Tulares on the south, in the neighbor-
hood of San Gabriel, and embracing the most
valuable portion of the beautiful valley of San
Joaquin. That testimony also shows that the
Californian authorities, shortly before the United ,
States flag was hoisted at Monterey, and military
possession taken of the country, were settling and
granting the public domain to residents, non-resi-
dents, and foreigners, at very inconsiderable, if not
nominal prices; and further, that a nearly all the
missions south of San Luis Obispo, the mission
of San Raphael in Sonoma, and some of the large
islands on the coast, were granted;" and that it was
understood that "many of these grants were hastily
made, without the usual legal forms, and wanting
the usual formalities." It is of the utmost conse-
quence to the present and future prosperity of our
new Territories, and indeed to the interests of the
United Staters, that legal provision be- soon made
for the summary and final annulment of such in-"
valid claims.
The generous spirit evinced in the grant of
school lands by the Oregon Territorial act of 14th
August, 1848, will doubtless be extended by Con-
gress to New Mexico and California, to which,
! also, as regards donations to actual settlers, I beg
| leave to apply the recommendation in this report
respecting Oregon.
! The inhabitants there, and the emigrants now
| seeking homes in thot e remote Territories, have a
} right to expect fostering care, and an expansive
; and enlarged policy towards them, from our Gov-
i ernment.
! There will be no surer means of contributing to
| their prosperity than by an early settlement of
i claims, the gradual extinguishment of th-e Indian
| title to.meet the advance of civilized settlements,
! the establishment of surveying departments, the
, extension over the Territories of our simple and
i beautiful surveying system, and the opening of
, United States land offices for the sale of the public
domain. #
The recommendations in the foregoing, look to
i the cariy introduction of^our whole land system,
and its gradual and progressive extension over our
new Territories; but, as in a part of them the
mineral productions of the country, which are re-
ported to be great, will doubtless stimulate and
*He proposed to give to each family he would bring " vn
sitio dezaruidv mayorbcing'asquare league, containing 4,43d
acres, and to the children of the colonists, when they mar-
ried, a half sitio.
