1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
SENATE.
education over our wide-spread Republic, whose
institutions rest upon the intelligence and virtue of
the people, hi this respect I beg leave to suggest
that the seat of the General Government, the cap-
ital of the country, has heretofore been overlooked.
Congress is the constitutional legislature of the
District, a«nd to that body the citizens of this Dis-
trict naturally look for the extension of that liber-
ality which has ueen so generally manifested else-
where m regard to the school system.
Notwithstanding the heavy taxation to which
the citizens are subject, for improving and beauti-
fying the streets and thoroughfares of the cities of
the District, and with a very limited revenue, they
have endeavored, with a spirit worthy of the
highest commendation, to secure.to the rising gen-
eration the blessings of an enlarged and general
system of education. Such endeavors, I am sure,
will find" favor with Congress, by whom special
and liberal grants have heretofore been made, for
benevolent purposes, in all of the new and some of
the old States.
I therefore earnestly recommend that a liberal
grant of land be made to this District, in addition
to all the vacant lots in the city and county of \
Washington, which belong to the Government, \
that a fund may be created,the income from which
will be sufficient to sustain, on a permanent basis,
the common school system in this District.
XIV.—Graduation and Reduction op the
Price, of the Public Lands, Donations of
Swamp Lands, &c.
The subject of graduating and reducing the price
of the public lands has been so often presented
and fully consideied, that I deem it unnecessary to
do more than refer to previous reports in regard
to this measure.
The expediency of making a liberal disposition
of the swamp lands to the States in which they
lie, has also been presented and considered. These
lands are of no value to the Government in their
present condition, and, are fruitful sources of dis-
ease and death in the neighborhoods in which they
are located. It cannot be expected that the States
will incur the expense of draining these laods,
when they have no interest in them, although they
may render their immediate neighborhoods un-
healthy. It is, therefore, respectfully suggested,
thrtt these lands shall be granted to the States in
1 which they are situated, on condition that the pro-
ceeds be applied, as far as necessary, in reclaiming
them, and the balance to form a fund for general
purposes of education, and such works of inter-
nal improvement as may be best calculated to pro-
mote the peculiar interest of such States.
I would also suggest, in all cases where the
quantity of the public lands in &ny State is reduced
below one million of acres, that they be ceded to
the States in which they lie. By this means the
land system will be more speedily closed up in the
several States, and the expense of sustaining it
dispensed with, after the sales shall have ceased
to be profitable to the Government in the way of
revenue.
It is but just to remark, in conclusion, that in
conducting the details of business of this nou)
extensive and important branch of the Treasury
Department of the Government, for the past and
present year, I have been aided by intelligence and
talent of no ordinary character; and in presenting
these results of our official labors, through you to
Congress, a sense ,of duty demands of me the
pleasing task of bearing testimony to the exem-
plary deportment of the gentlemen employed in
this office, and' to the ability and zeal with which
each, as a general rule, has faithfully performed i
his duty.
For detailed tabular statements of the facts set
forth in this report, 1 beg leave to refer to the accom-
panying exhibits marked Nos. A to N, inclusive.
All which is most respectfully submitted.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant, RICHARD M. YOUNG,
Commissioner.
Hon. R. J. Walker,
Secretary of the Treasury.
P. S.—The report of the surveyor general of
Louisiana has not yet been received. The map of
the State of Michigan, to accompany the report of
the surveyor general of that State, will be sub-
mitted hereafter.
SPEECH OF MR. WESTCOTT,
OV florida,
In the Senate of the United States, on the 25th day of
July* 1848, on the ''Territorial Bill," reported by
the Select Committee of the-Senate.
Mr. President: I shall avoid going into a full
discussion of many of the questions arising upon
this bill. Those which have been heretofore de-
bated by other Senators I shall not enter upon,
any further than is necessary to explain my own
views, some of which are a little different from any
as yet advanced by any southern Senator.
With respect to the power claimed for Congress
to legislate, to a certain extent, for territory ac-
quired by conquest or cession, it has not, so far as
I have heard, been questioned in this Chamber by
any. I have looked over the debates in Congress
in 1820 and 1821, and I do not find that such lim-
ited power was then questioned. Such power has
been exercised by Congress on various occasions
I since the adoption of the Constitution.
) The character and extent of the power of Con-
1 gress over Territories—whether it is absolute and j
! arbitrary, or restrained withm certain limits; and, I
! if limited, what are the restraints; whether they
| are found in provisions of the federal compact be-
! tween the States, or in the fundamental principles
' of our Government; and how far these restrictions
I extend, are the subjects of inquiry.
I I hold that the power of Congress as to the gov-
ernment of Territories acquired by conquest or
eessipn, does not extend beyond the establishment
in them of mere temporary municipal police regu-
lations. Congress cannot rightfully do more than
establish m "such Territory a municipal corpora-
tion, partaking of the character of a government
pro hac vice, and its power to do this arises from
the necessity of the case entirely. It cannot right-
i fully attempt to exercise any of the powers of
j sovereignty which belong to the people of such
1 Territory, uncalled for by such imperious neces-
sity, or otherwise than for the conservation of the
peace, and the protection of the personal rights of
property in said Territory. All the legislation of
Congress should be for the people of such Terri-
tory; and, except with reference to the disposal of
the public lands, post offices, revenues from im-
posts, and other subjects wholly of federal concern
and jurisdiction, it should be for their exclusive
benefit. The legislation of a locjal character should
not go beyond that exercised by Congress in the
States, except where this overruling necessity exists.
The only diffeience between the people of a Ter-
ritory and the people of a State, with reference to
the power of Congress over them, is, that whilst
the former remain ynder the temporary guardian-
ship of Congress during their state of political
minority, and before they have taken upon them-
selves the exercise o,f their inherent rights of sov-
ereignty, it is the peculiar duty of Congress to
protect, defend, and preserve those rights from all
encroachments, so that the ultimate admission of
sdeh people into the Confederacy may be as an
equal, and as a " free, sovereign, and independent
State." No legislation by Congress tending to
fetter or cripple those rights, or to restrain them in
•advance, or to direct their exercise, or mould their
institutions to suit the fancy of any portion of the
people of the Confederacy other than the people of
the Territory themselves, or m anywise to shape
their fundamental laws to any standard, or in any
degree beyond general conformity to the principles
of our Government, as recognized in the Federal
Constitution, can be justified.
Nor can the.people of such Territory—and in
; society or government, paramount, and overrides
the restraints of political agreement^ and com- '
pacts, and constitutions, and institutions; and,
with reference to the people of a Territory, it may
: allow, in extreme cases, a Territorial Government
to assume, temporarily, the exercise of sovereign
powers;- but in such case only.can they be exer-
, cised by such people, or b^ the Territorial Govern-
. ment. Congress cannot invest it with such sov-
, ereign powers; Congress has no such sovereign
powers to delegate. If exercised in the case sup-
posed, the right is not derived from any delegation
by Congress, but it is founded exclusively on the
law of necessity.
Mr. President, the views I have advanced as to
the character of a Territorial Government are not
entirely novel. An honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton,] in> a speech on,this floor in
: 1840, gave a definition of a territorial government
: which I will read. It is, in my judgment, as
: correct as any that can be quoted. 1 wiil'also
i refer to some authorities from other distinguished
i sources. [Mr. W. here read the extract referred
to in note A, appendix.] Yes, sir, this thing you
create and form, called the Territorial Government,
is a mere temporary, fugacious,local, police insti-
tute; a limited, dependant, municipal corporation,
similar to those existing in counties, cities, par-
ishes, towns, boroughs, or townships,incorporated
by our State Legislatures.
Mr. President, in the discussion here of the
: question as to the power of Congress to exclude
the institution of domestic servitude from Territo
, ries acquired by conquest or cession, it seems to
me one of the most important and fatal objections
; to the exercise of such power by Congress, has
' been left .untouched. We have been debating as
to our rights—as to the rights of the people of the
non-slaveholding States and of the slaveholding
- States—as to the constitutional privileges of the
: citizens resident in different sections of the Union,
with respect to such Territories; but have left out
I of view altogether, the rights of our fellow-citizens
1 residing, or who may reside, in those Territories.
We are zealous in defence of our own rights and
interests; but hitherto those of the people of the
Territories have been without a champion in either
House of Congress. No one has raised his voice
, in their behalf, although, in my judgment, th# true
' solution of all the questions that have been moot-
i ed, will be arrived at in the consideration of their
1 rights, and of our duty, and of course our powers
| with refeience exclusively to them. The truth may
I be reached by following different paths of reason-
' ing. I regard this as the most dijrect and shortest,
; least incumbered with abstractions, and therefore
, purpose pursuing it before following any other.
| It seems to me, that the discussion here as to the
! policy that should be pursued with respect to Or-
egon, California, and New Mexico, is an apt illus-
j tration of that trait in human nature exemplified
; in the fact, that while all young people think
; they have the right to marry according to their
! own liking, all old people insist they ought to
' marry according to theirs. This trait, it would
; seem, extends its influence even to our Govem-
! ment. The doctrine now advanced of the illimit-
able, supreme, uncontrolled, arbitrary power of
1 Congress to legislate for the people of the distant
I Territories of Oregon, California, and New Mex-
: ico, "in all cases whatsoever," was not the doc-
trine maintained by our forefathers in the youthful
days of this empire. 1 desire to present to the
i Senate and to the people of this country some of
the views thty entertained, the principles they up-
held, and to maintain which they rebelled against
using this term I mean only those recognized as j' their parent Government. It is grateful—it is re-
citizens of the United States residing in such Terri-1; freshing, to recur to the principles advanced by
tory exercise any of the sovereign powers that j! those apostles of political liberty. The narrow
pertain to a sovereign and independent State, ex- j' influences of sectional jealousy, the paltr^ consid- *
cept such as are absolutely necessary for the pres-1 erations of party success, should not blind us to a
ervation of the peace and good order of society, I1 disregard of them. They should be our landmarks,
and the protection of the rights of property and of j By adhering to them, we shall avoid many errors,
personal rights, by the adoption of those local i Sir, the principles upon which it is attempted to
municipal police regulations necessary in all com- : justify Congressional legislation to exclude the
mumties. To this°the territorial legislation must !j institution of domestic servitude as recognized by
be restricted. Until the people form and organize |! the Federal Constitution, from our distant colo-
  " ! nies, are identical with the principles upon which
their sovereign State government, their rights of
sovereignty are dormant and in abeyance. No
power exists to exeicise such rights, except in a
case of overruling necessity. The law of seli-
preservation is mall cases, and in all conditions of
\ the Tories of the Revolution of 1776 sought to just-
1 ify the attempted usurpations by the British Gov-
' ernment, of ihe rights of the people of the Ameri-
i can colonies. They are precisely identical. Great
