50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
in terms, to legislative powers conferred upon Con-
gress respecting slaves, or respecting Territories.
Both of them I have before quoted.
The first is as to slaves, (sec. 9, art. 1,) and was
intended to interdict Congress from passing any
Taw prohibiting, prior to 1808, the foreign slave
trade, as to States that should allow it, except by
talcing such imported slaves ten dollars each.
The second is as to Territories, (sec. 3, art. 4,)
and gives Congress power to " dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the ter-
ritory or other property belonging to the United
States."
These two provisions must be construed to-
gether.
The first is, in terms, but a restriction for a
lime, and as to certain States only, of the exercise
by Congress of a power it authorizes to be im-
plied, (perhaps aided by other general grants in
the Constitution,) to prohibit the foreign slave trade.
1 say " it authorises," because, but for this pro-
vision, the construction by which such power
could be derived from the Constitution, would, it
seems to me, be exceedingly liberal, if not loose.
Conceding, however, that it recognizes such power,
it also, in my judgment, confines it exclusively to
the regulation or prohibition of the foreign slave
trade. Any other construction renders this provis-
ion a palpable absurdity. If Congress possessed the
power to legislate as to slavery generally, or in
any otherwise than as to tht Jot tig a slave trade—
for example, as to the removal of slaves, not im-
ported from abroad, from one State to another, or
to a Territory—inasmuch as the exercise of such
power is not restrained by the provision cited,
notwithstanding its adoption, Congress could have
so legislated prior to 3808. Whilst it was pro-
hibited from legislation as to slaves imported after
the adoption of the Constitution in September,
1787, and prior to January, 1808, it was entirely
unrestrained as to those born in this country, or
imported prior to 1787. This ridiculous result of
the argument that Congress possesses any power
as to slavery, beyond that of regulating or sup-
pressing the foreign slave trade, when applied to
the provision cited, proves that its framers had no
idea of such power being implied, and never in-
tended to bestow it. If it was conferred, and its
exercise left unrestrained, the restriction as to the
foreign slave trade is nugatory. Without violating
the letter of the constitutional restriction, Congress
could, at any time, by legislation prohibiting the
removal from one State to another, or to a Terri-
tory, of native slaves, or those imported prior to
1787, have so affected the foreign slave trade as to
have rendered the entire provision a dead letter.
Direct prohibitory laws as to the removal ofslaves
imported between 1787 and 1808, would have had
no greater effect on the foieign slave trade than
the prohibition of the removal of the two other
classes. Besides, what principle, or what rule of
policy, can be divined for the inhibition as to the
removal of slaves, if natives, or if imported prior
to 1787, and yet allowing those imported between
1787 and 1808 to be so removed? Why this dis-
tinction in favor of the lemoval to other States, or
to the Territories, of recent-imported slaves? Rea-
sons could be suggested why a contrary distinction
should have been preferred.
The word "migration" employed in the clause
I have cited, it has been said, refers to fhe removal
of slaves from one State to another, or to a Terri-
tory; and hence the deduction as to the existence
of the power prior to 1787, and since 1808, to in-
hibit such removal of all slaves by congressional
legislation. This is to me a very extraordinary
deduction. Tiie terms used are "migration or
importation," and are used with reference to cer-
tain " persons,"and to their introduction into certain
States then existing that shall 41 think proper to ad-
mit" them. They are not used with reference to
their egress from such States, but their ingress into
those States exclusively. If otherwise, as they
could not migrate ft om sveh State until they had
been imported into it, the words would have been
transposed. They may have been employed to
satisfy the fastidious scruples of some as to the
application solely of the word "importation" to
" persons, ^ whom they would not, in unequivocal
language, recognize us property. It is well known
that the suppression of the words " slavery " and
"slaves" in the Constitution was induced by a
similar cause. If so, the meaning of the two words
is to be regarded as synonymous, and as so in-
tended. It has been supposed, also, that the word
"migration" was intended to apply to free persons
coming in from abroad, and who come in volun-
tarily, as,distinguished from those brought in as ;
slaves. I am, however, inclined to believe the
word "migration" may have been employed with i
express reference to slaves to be bfought into the
United States by land from the adjoining dominions
of foreign governments, (Louisiana, the Flondas,
&c.,) as distinguished from those "imported" from
foreign countries by sea. The public records show
that such introduction by land into Georgia and
the old Mississippi Territory was extensive.
Either of the constructions suggested is more rea-
sonable than the first.
I do not consider it important to contest the po-
sition that the terms " States now existing," in the
clausc cited, exclude the States that did not "think
proper to admit "foreign slaves, and also the new
States, and the Territories, from the operation of the
interdict upon Congress in force till 1808, and that it
left Congress free to legislateas to them before 1808.
I have said, that with respect to those States, and
the Territories, Congress was as free before the
.expiration of the interdict, as it has been since with
respect to all the States and Territories; but to
such extent only. The interdict was—1. As to
the prohibition of the "migration or importation"
of slaves admitted between 1787 and 1808. 2. ft
was confined to the States then " existing." 3. It
was still further confined to the then " existing"
States that should "think proper to admit" such
"persons." Give the interdict its fullest force,
and it does not authorize any deduction presuming
the existence of powers when it was imposed, and
that were revived on its expiration in 3 80S, a syl-
lable beyond those of which the exercise were pro-
hibited by it. Since 1808, the "migration or import-
ation" of all slaves from abroad, either in the old or
new States, or in the Territories, and whether they
" think proper to admit them" or not, can be pro-
hibited by congressional legislation; and this is
the extent of its powers on this subject.
The constitutional interdict, it is well known,
was inserted to quiet the apprehensions of certain
of the southern States, of attempted legislation by
Congress on this subject. The histdry of the
formation of the Constitution proves that it was
found necessary to adopt it, to secure the concur-
rence of those States in the compact. They would
not have yielded their assent without it. It has
been said it was regarded u guarantee against
attempted unconstitutional legislation, rather than
a restraint npon admitted constitutional power.
This fact may, with some, weaken the force of the
deduction made from the interdict, of the exist-
ence even of the power it prohibited; but I will give
such deduction full weight. It is necessary to
give the slave-trade acts validity. I will regard
every power that can, with any semblance of'rea-
son, be inferred from the terns of the constitu-
tional interdict, upon its expiration in 1808, as
unrestrained and in full force. The argument that
cannot be assented to is, tliat an interdict for a
specified period against the prohibition of the
"migration" (allowing that word means removal
into the interior after " importation" from abroad)
of foreign slaves, authorizes the conclusion that a
power existed to prohibit the "migration" of all
slaves. The implication from the interdict, on its
expiration, of a preexisting 'power thereby re-
stored, it is repeated, must be limited to the precise
extent, and to the identical character of the power
interdicted. A general power beyond the limit
and different in character from that interdicted'
cannot be implied from the interdict itself. If
claimed, it must be established otherwise. So far
from the interdict in this case strengthening the
claim of a general power of legislation by Con-
gress on the subjectof slavery, and as to all slaves
as before suggested", its recognition of the power
as to the foreign slave trade, and the absence of
any further recognition, destroys it. It recognizes
and establishes the distinction between the foreign
slave trade and the local domestic institutions of
the States in relation to slavery. The propriety
of the* former being under the control of the Fed-
eralGovernment, while the latter should be exempt
from such control, must be obvious to all who
look to harmony in its various provisions, as a
rule to be observed in the construction of the Con-
stitution.
Since the expiration of the interdict, in 1808, all
the States and Territories stand precisely on the
same footing as to the legislation of Congress re-
specting slavery. It has power to prohibit the/or-
eign slave trade, by laws " necessary and proper for
carrying into execution" such power.
But it has no power to intermeddle with slavery
in the States or in the Territories ; and if my con-
struction of the clause of the Constitution be cor-
rect, the entire power of Congress on the subject
; ofslavery, since 1808, must be exclusively directed
; to, and expended in, the suppression of the foreign
\ slave trade. All its laws must be 41 necessary" and
" proper" to effect that end. Intermeddling with
■ the domestic institutions of the States or Territo-
i ries cannot be justified on the ground that their
abolition would most effectually destroy such trad#
The pretence is too far-fetched. Like arguments
i would justify a congressional edict for the burning
1 of all American ships engaged in foreign commerce,
J to prevent importations by them competing with
j our domestic manufactures; and the destruction of
i all our. cotton, except what is necessary for the
home supply.
If the constitutional authority of Congress, as
to slavery and slaves, is not. held to be limited to
legislation respecting the "migration or importa-
tion" of slaves from abroad, and to the inhibition
i of the admission of such slaves into the States or
I Territories by general law, the deduction is clear,
i (and it is one pregnant of fearful consequences,)
that there is no excuse or argument that has been
or can be presented in favor, either of the right,
or of the propriety, or of the policy, of extending
the exercise of the power beyond that limit, that
may not be urged with equal plausibility to sus-
tain interference with the institution, and as to all
slaves in the States, old and new, as well as in the
Territories. Indeed, some boldly claim thefpower
without limit, repel the idea of any restraint what-
ever existing, and contend for the right in Con-
gress to abolish slavery in the States. Others,
with greater sagacity and policy, but as devotedTy
! intent on the same ultimate object, as yet concede
that^the original States who were parties to the
Constitution, and perhaps those admitted since
as parties, may have in that instrument barriers
against interference by Congress with their local
institutions and laws; but that the Territories, not
being parties to the Constitution, are without such
shield. I do not consider there is any great dif-
ference as to these assailants. It is only as to the
mode of assault. Indeed, the avowed abolitionist
whose attacks are open and diiect is a more worthy
antagonist than those whose course is concealed,
indirect, and insidious. The hostility of either,
when excited by sectional prejudice, and stimu-
lated by combined party action, will not be re-
strained by the concessions of constitutional guar-
antees now made. When there is necessity for
disputing their existence, or when party policy
| demands it, there is little security that all now
admitted will not be repudiated.
The strictest scrutiny and the most liberal con-
struction of the Constitution will not exhibit any
provision, except that I have cited, conferring, in
express terms, any poweis upon Congress as to
Territories. It can " dispose of, and make all needful
rides and regulations respecting, the territory or other
property belonging to the United States." This is
the extent of its powers. Differing with some
Senators, I yield to the judicial decisions that this
clause was intended to confer limited authority to
Congress to legislate for the government of Terri-
tories, and I hold it to be the only authority dele-
gated in the Constitution; and I prefer this to any
implied power.
It has been suggested that Congress can exer-
cise the power claimed under the 3d clause, sec-
tion 8, article 1, of the Constitution, delegating to
it the power to regulate commerce with foreign
nations, and among the several States&c. As to
Territories, this clause does not, in its terms7 include
them; and those who urge it as applicable to them
involve themselves in the inconsistency of insist-
ing, that when powers are conferred upon Congress,
Teiritories are to be included, but when they are
,withheld from Congress, or the exercise of them
prohibited, they are not so included. It is a bad
rule that will not work both ways. I submit the
