1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
But all verbal criticisms of the Constitution
may be dismissed as of little effect in restraining
the operation of that instrument, and its extension,
to Territories. Can it be contended, in the face of
the American people, that the spirit of the Consti-
tution—its principles, in the maintenance of which
the patriots of colonial times achieved our inde-
pendence—all the fundamental principles on which
this Government is based—the elemental laws of
our institutions—do not extend over the whole em-
pire? Is not all the legislation of Congress sub-
ordinate to these principles? Is not the legislation
of the States also? Is not the conduct of every citi-
zen regulated and controlled by them ? Is not their
fealty, their allegiance, due to those principles as
a part and parcel of the Constitution ? If not, then
the Federal compact, and our State constitutions,
the Declaration of Independence, and all our State
papers, asserting and maintaining those principles,
are little more than a jumble of words, not worth
the parchment or paper on which they are written.
Can it be that those principles are to be held as
lost or forgotten whenever their recital in the Fed-
eral Constitution has been deemed superfluous?
This is the conclusion to which such arguments
inevitably lead. But this is not the true rule.
The rule is, that all the fundamental principles—
the whole body of elemental law of our republican
institutions—our political leges non scriptaz—the
American common law—as established when our
Governments, State and Federal, were founded;
that have "grown with their growth, and strength-
ened with their strength," by which the Constitu-
tion is construed and expounded—all extend with
the Constitution, in support and in aid of the Con-
stitution, and as a pait of the Constitution; and
that the instrument jtself, bearing those principles,
and as the paramount law, reaches into and covers,
not with impaired vigor, hut with undiminished
force, as well the remotest Territories of the Uni-
ted States, with or wUhout governments, as the
States that formed that Constitution. It is the
bulwark and shield of every American citizen; and
with all whose heads and hearts are right, its
guarantees and its principles are sacred at all times
and in all places, on land and at sea, at home and
abroad, whenever and wherever the American flag
waves above an American deck, or over American
soil! What if this or that or the other provision or
prohibition does not specify in precise terms
Territories," or citizens residing in Territories!
You claim of those citizens fealty and allegiance;
they are sworn to support and defend the Consti-
tution. By what just rule do you make this ex-
action, and yet deny them its protection and its
privileges? Do yon honestly fulfill your recipro-
cal duty to them, if you exclude them from the
pale of that instrument? Why should stipulations
admitted to be conservative and salutary as to States
and their resident citizens, be expurgated as odious
with reference to citizens residing in Territories,
solely because the latter are not. specifically " enu-
merated?" Why seek to evade arid avoid such
stipulations as to them? Yielding th&t the Con-
stitution may not, in terms, in all its provisions,
cover Territories, I insist that such rigid technical
adherence to its letter, by*which their exclusion
from its advantages is created, is altogether un-
worthy this enlightened age, and the liberal feeling
which should animate all who belong to the repub-
lican family of these Slates towards each other.
The impregnable argument, that a restriction
imposed by Congress as to the fall exercise of the
sovereignty of the people of a territory when they
become a State, in advance of their organization of
their State government, and whilst in the terri-
torial state, and which fetters, controls,and directs,
by constraint, the full and free exercisc of that
sovereignty by the State, and in fact moulds its
political institutions to fit the fancy of majorities
here, would destroy the equality of such State upon
its admission; and that, therefore, such restriction
is repugnant to the Constitution, has been main-
tained by other Senators with an ability that ad-
monishes me to avoid further effort for the expo-
sition of its truth. I advert to it for another pur-
pose. The reply given to it, that the State, on the
assumption of its sovereignty, may disregard such
restriction, is a mockery ! The guardian who had
brought up his ward a sailor, might as well taunt
him, on his coming of age, with his entire freedom
as a man to adopt one of the learned professions.
If it be conceded that such restriction would no,t
so effect the equality of the new State—if it is ad-
mitted that the fact of her coming into the Confed-
eracy on terms and conditions imposed by the
other States, (not imposed upon them when they
joined it,) or by Congress, does not impair such
equality—if it be acknowledged that there are, and
should be, distinctions as to the States of this Con-
federacy, based on wealth, population, resources,
geographical location, superior improvement, intel-
ligence, or virtue, or greater age—if it be consid-
ered that such new Statenot in the least degraded
By having had, while in her infancy, a portion of1
her sovereignty despoiled by arbitrary power; and ■
that yet having the alternative of remaining in i
territorial vassalage, or of standing upon her in- !
herenl sovereign rights, and become alien to, and4
independent of the Confederacy in case she cannot I
relish submission to the conditions thus imposed, and ;
that her admission into the Union depends on her ]
own voluntary action, still the questiorf remains ;
to be answered, Where is the letter or syllable i?i the I
Constitution giving such power to Congress ? The j
existence of th.c power is not proved by abandon-
ment of the argument, and by the concessions
alluded to; though its non-existence is established
if such argument is not refuted. The overthrow
of this argument, and of others based upon the
injurious consequences flowing from the exer-
cise of the asserted power, and all the absurdities
to which it tends, but resolves the question back
again to the origin "and source of the power
claimed. Its advocates are bound to show the
precept or the principle from which it is derived.
In the absence of any express delegation of power
in the Constitution respecting the Territories, ex-
cept that I have noticed authorizing the "making
of needful rules and regulations," and there being
no precise definition of the character of these "rules
and regulations," the advocates of such power are
driven to the trite excuses and defences of all usurp-
ations—the hackneyed docti ines of inherent powers,
and implied powers, and the "general-welfare"
principle. The various hypotheses assumed by
them—the non-recognition by the Constitution in
terms of slavery—that it is not a federal institu-
tion, and the like—their hypercritical construction
of the word i: migration," as contradistinguished
from " importation; 'all of them (save only that
making the removal of slaves from a plantation in
one State to a plantation in another State, or in a
Territory, <c commerce" within the meaning of the
Constitution; and that which implies a power to
inhibit the removal of all slaves, from an interdict j
against prohibiting for a limited term the removal of
imported slaves; which we cannot concede without
self-stultification) may bt fully admitted—all the sub-
limated harangues respecting the natural rights of
man, and about philanthropy and humanity, "free
soil and free labor," and so forth, may be ap-
plauded as in excellent taste, even from that sec-
tion of the Union which supplied the South for a
price with slaves from Africa; and what is the
result? what does it all amount to? The demand
is again made, where is to be found in the Federal
Constitution any express delegation of power to
Congress as to Territories, on this subject ? If they
will defy the enforcement of " that other laic" of
the Confederacy, by which, in the last resort, all
Federal oppression may be rebuked; if they will,
at all hazards, claim u the pound of flesh nearest
the heart," they should at least be enabled to say,
with the Venetian Jew, " it is so nominated in the
bond."
The most plausible reasoning by which the
power claimed for Congress has been supported is,
m my judgment, that founded upon the action of
the Congress of the Confederation in adopting the
6th article of the ordinance of July 13, 3787, ex-
cluding the institution of domestic servitude "for-
ever" from the Territories northwest of the Ohio,
and that based upon precedents in the legislation ]
of Congress as to territories since the adoption of j
the Federal Constitution. I think, however, a close i
scrutiny of these precedents will show they should j
have little xveight. All of them have been collect-:
ed, cited, and commented upon by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Dix,] with that consummate
ability characteristic of all his efforts here and else-
where. As presented by him, they constitute,
apparently, quite formidable intrenchments for the
advocates of the arbitrary power of Congress <&*er
the Territories, and the most imposing cover for
its advocates that has yet been advanced; yet it
seems to me they are ail surmounted by'one query
—Can anyone believe that if the case now sought to be
made had been conjectured when those measures mere
adopted, they would not have been resisted bv the whole
South?
But I will endeavor to meet the challenge so tri-
umphantly given here and elsewhere to reconcile
the doctrines and principles of the ordinance of
1787, and of the past legislation of Congress, which,
it is said, contains concessions of the asserted power
of Congress to exclude slavery from the Territo-
ries, with the positions denying that power we
now contend for by an examination of each one of
them.
Mr. President, the advancement of the arguments
of precedent in justification of the exclusion of sla-
very by act of Congress from Oregon, California,
and New Mexico, should arouse those who believe
the exercise of power to be an usurpation, to more
unflinching and determined resistance to the addi-
tional precedent now sought to be established.
As to the 6th article of the ordinance of 1787, I
do not hesitate to say that it was an assumption of
power by the Congress of the Confederation1 not
warranted by the Articles of the Confederation.
There has never yet been found a syllable in those
articles authorizing that ordinance. The old Con-
gress had not even the power conferred on the
present Congress by clause 2, section 2, article 4,
of the Federal Constitution, to make " all needful
iules,"&c. The entire authority Exercised by the
old Congress over the Territory was usurped, and
it is so admitted by all who have since treated on
the subject. Mr. Madison, in the 38th number
of the " Federalist," as has already been noticed
by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Dix,] says,
in reference to the Western Territory:
<! We may calculate, theiefore, that a lich and fertile
country, ot an aiea equal to the inhabited extent of the
(Jnitod States, will soon becomo a national stock. Congress
haw assumed Ike administration of this stock. They have
hegun to render it productive. Congress have undertaken to
do more, they ham j>iocvedcd to form new States; to erect
temporary governments; to appoint officers for them; and to
prescribe the conditions on which such States stu<U be admitted
into the Confcderaai. All this has been done, and done
without the lc.sst color of constitutional author-
ity. Yet no blame has been whispered; no alarm has leen
sounded."
This opinion is quoted by Judge Story, in his
'Commentaries, (3 Com., 187,) and as I conceive
in a manner that shows he concurred with Mr.
Madison as to the total absenceof authority in the
Congress of the Confederation to pass the ordi-
nance of 1787; and other eminent authorities
coincide with them. Mr. William Pinkney de-
nounced it as void, for that reason, in his celebrated
speech in'this Chamber on the Missouri question,
as I find in the best notice of his speech extant, in
a Georgetown paper published at that time.
It has been argued that the Federal Constitution
was- intended to supply such defect cfpmccr; and
the 43d No. of the "Federalist" has been referred
to as showing such to be Mr. Madison's opin-
ion. I have looked carefully to that number, but
I have been unable to find anything in it to such
effect. Mr. Madison quotes the clause in the
new Constitution authorizing Congress to make
"all needful rules," &c., and then says:
'< This is a power of very creat importance, and required
liv considerations pimilai to those which mkiw the propriety
of the former. The pioviso nnwwed proper in ir-clt, and
whs.probably rendered absolutely nececsarv by jealousies
and questions eoncei nmg the Western Territory sufficiently
known to the public."
And this? is every syllable in that article on the
subject. The reference to a.*'former*' power spokea.
of, is the power to admit new States, which Mr.
Madison previously noticed in the same number,
observing—
" The eventual establishment of new States seems to
have been overlooked by the compilers of that instrument.
We have seen the inconvenience of this omission, and the
assumption into which Congress have been led by It. With
great proputty, therefore, has the new system supplied the
defect."
And it is upon this the argument is based. Con-
cede its full force, and it amounts to no more than
this, thatrthe Constitution supplied the want of
authority of the Congress of the Confederation to
t%make all needful rides and regulations&e.
Surely the "defect" is not supplied beyond the'
extent of the new power delegated. If I am cor-
rect, the very argument vised to sustain the ordi-
