,54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July *25,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr.- Westcoit.
Senate.
nance.of 1787 proves it was void as an usurpation
of power. I am aware that an expression reported
to have been used by Mr. Madison, in 1790, in a
debate in the House of Representatives, has been
quoted by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Dix,] to the effect, that though Congress could not
interdict the importation of slaves into the States
prior to 1808, "yet regulations might be made in
1 relation to the introduction of them into the new
* States tOjbe formed out of the Western Territory."
Admitting the report to be accurate, there is no
inconsistency in that expression, if confined to
slaves imported from abroad, which is doubtless
what Mr. Madison* meant; but it is in harmony
with his opinions since given in an authentic form,
and which 1 shall presently advert to
Tt should not be unnoticed, that there is not a
syllable in the Federal Constitution confirming or
sion of Virginia! Was it not a violation of that :! by the stipulation subsequently made by Georgia
condition—a condition agreed to, "engaged" to he j; in her final deed of cession in 1802, that the sixth
such cause, even if Congress, without such re-
straint, had possessed the power to " ordain'' it.
I find also, upon examination of the historical-
records touching this ordinance, that, after the
adoption of it, and after the organization of the
Federal Government under the Constitution, citi-
zens of the "Illinois country" relinquished by
Virginia, and who were residing there with their
slaves, remonstrated to Congress against the 6th
article in strong terms, (American State Papers,
Public Lands," vol. 1, p. 61;) and that subse-
f quently other citizens residing in Indiana held a
convention at Vincennes, of which General Wil-
continuing the ordinance of 1787, or any other ;; Ham H. Harrison was President, and reiterated
ordinance of the Congress of the Confederation.
As to any confirmation or adoption by Congress,
subsequent to the ratification of the Constitution,
either of this or any ordinance of the old Congress,
if such ordinance was originally invalid, or if in-
consistent with the Constitution, such adoption of
it would be nugatory. Congress.must, to adopt it,
possess power to enact it as an original law. It
cannot confirm or adopt what it had no power to
enact. If invalid, or if abrogated by the Consti-
tution; or if it exceeds the powers of the constitu-
tional Congress, and is in nowise confirmed by the
Constitution; its express repeal by law would I
j these remonstrances in strong terms, (see ibid, p.
146, and ibid, " Miscellaneous," vol. j, p. 173>
by Congress on the governments formed for the
j country acquired by the Louisiana treaty—to
| Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri—immediately
j succeeding the cession, whilst they were Territo-
j ries, and before 1819? Why did it not make the
! exclusion as to the Fioridas as soon as the cession
[ of them was consummated, and in the formation
j of their Territorial Government?
; The first combined attempt after the ordinance
' to extend it, was made'in 1819 with reference to
j Missouri, and her admission as a State; and it is
' true, those who made it succeeded in passing a
j law in 1820 to exclude slavery from all the terri-
tory ceded by the Louisiana treaty to the United
States, situated west and north of the southern
  j   _ boundary of Missouri. Upon that law and its
450, 467, 478,'484, &c.;) and the act of 1793, sec. j: history, before 1 take my seat, I shall make some
3, would seem to recognize the existence of slaves ;i comments.
(persons " held to service and labor") there after ji 1819, 1820, and 1821, it was also attempted
the ordinance. ' \', to establish a similar prohibition as to Arkansas
But concede that the " ordinance" of *87 was
the exercise of rightful power, it is still important
to know precisely what were its objects. The hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason-,] in
his speech on the 8th of July, on this hill, referred
to a letter from Mr. Madison to Mr. Monroe, that
! and Alabama, and indeed iiallexterior Territories
but the attempt failed. Was the exercise of such
power withheld by Congress from 1787 to 1820, in
delicate indulgence to southern feelings, a tender
iegard for southern interests, and not out of any
consideration for the constitutional rights of the
, I had shown him, procuretfby me from the man- [I southern States and their citizens? I will not do
have been superfluous, and would not have in- j; uscripts of the latter, dated February 12, 1820, ;j fhenon-siaveholdmg States the wrong of commend-
creased its invalidity. I admit that, by the first [j stating distinctly the purpose of the 6th article. He |i *n£ their forbearance, when I can find a motive for
clause of the sixth article of the Constitution, ail
debts contracted and engagements" entered into
by the Confederation, were to be as valid as they
were under the Confederation; but this was the
full extent of the ratification or saving of the acts
of the old Congress. They all died on the adop-
tion of the new Government. Especially those
incompatible with the new fundamental law, be-
came extinct. The form of legislation adopted by
the Congress of the Confederation, was that of
"ordinance;" but their acts were of no more force
or efficacy than ordinary laws. The use of the
form appropriate for the people when convened
in their primary capacity and exercising their
sovereignty, gives no additional sanction to those
laws. They were mere legislative acts, (repealable
as other laws,) and the soremgr), powers necessary
to give validity to the sixth article of the ordinance
ot 1787 were not possessed as to the Northwestern
shows it to have been such as to excuse those who i! their course in a sense of justice and right, not cor-
roded or, weakened by selfish ambition for political
ascendency, or the influences ofsectional prejudice,
voted for it from any imputation'of intentional |j
usurpation of power; and, if limited to such object, |!
the exercise of the power is less objectionable, arid !• or of fanatical or factious excitement. It was this
has the support of stronger necessity. When the i > sense of justice—this conviction of the rightfulness
ordinance was passed, it was conccded that the j
Congress of the Confederation had no authprity ;
to prohibit or restrain the foreign slave trad,' in the |
States. Yet every State except three, or perhaps j,
of the claim of the South and its citizens to equality
with them, that for thirty-odd years influenced
those who preceded us, if not to stifle all attempts
to usurp povver for the Federal Government on the
four, had expressed decided hostility to that trade, ji subject of slavery, at least to control the action of
and had passed laws to suppress it. The sole object
of the 6th article of the ordinance, says Mr. Madi-
son, was to aid in putting an end " to the importa-
tion of slaves ritom abroad;" and if the Congress
had possessed the power to "do so by general jaw
as to all the States, this article " creating a distinc-
tion among the States in the degree of their sovereign ft/,
irould not have been adopted, or perhaps thought of."
All of the letter I read this remark from, that relates
Teiritoiy, by the Congiess of the Confederation. || to this subject, will be appended to these remarks
Uie Articles of Confederation did not, and could !' when published, (see note D, Appendix.) Now,
Congress in relation to those attempts, so as to
| prevent the harmony of the Union being disturbed.
1 In my judgment, the very legislative precedents
j cited to sustain the asserted power of Congress,
: and their history, recorded in your archives, show
this; and, moreover, that Congress resisted im-
I portunate appeals made to them at nearly every
session during that period, solely because of the
absence of power in it to legislate as those inimical
to the South asked of it. The 6th article of the
. . , . ,  f  —v— •*-,x^.w, | ordinance of 1787, all must know, had but little
not, con/ei such powers; and their exercise, except || I say, inasmuch as the Federal Constitution con- : practical effect as to any of the Northwest Territory,
in case of imperious necessity, was forbidden by J ferred on the Congress of the Constitution full power lj unless it was the southern parts of " the Illinois
in f. pm^n a n wn JNorie of the .Slates |. to prohibit the importation of slaves from abroad j' country," and Indiana. It was the " manifest
since 1808, and that power having been fully ex- j| destiny " of that region to be non-skveholding. The
ereised, and such prohibition being now in full |j institution of domestic servitude as to the Afnean
force, (even if it was the prescribed limit of our j! race, if sanctioned by express law, could notexist
power on this subjcct,) and the ordinance having i| there beneficially, either to the master or to the
grown out of the necessity created by the absence of p slave. In the Territories as to which Con«iess
this very power in the Congress of the Confederation, :: omitted to exercise the asserted power, the exciu-
that ordinance does not afford-any precedent or ex- I sion could have had full practical (fftcL The insti-
cuse for borrowing jand reenacting its exclusion, |[ tution is adapted to their locality, climate, and
as it is attempted, and superadded to that power ji products- I refer to tjiis as an exemplification of
already exercised under the Constitution. On the p my remark, that, until 1819, the action of Congress
the elemental laws of the land,
ceding territory to the Confederation (supposing
that, anterior to the cession, such State possessed i
the power) stipulated m the cession for such pro- 1
iiibuion, or authorized it. Of course I mean the !
State, acting through its constitutional legislature. !
I am aware of the course taken by different south- 1
ern members of the Congress to the Confederation I
in relation to this ordinance of 1787; but this was j,
not the action of the individual State, any more
than is a vote in this Chamber the action of the
c(n.„ I :  c ~ •   v [] "aciuscu uiiuci uie ^onsutuuori. un me ;• my icmarK, inai, until iOiU, tne action ot uongress
'r Panted by the Senator who gives it. Vir- jl contrary, reasonsthat appear to me to be conclusive on this dangerous topic was controlled by" the
pnta, tn her cession, expressly simulated that the >: on tl-i* wnrp nfrivUt  nri , «no-n«;Al,o ~   „<■ .■  
ginia, tn her cession, expressly stipulated that the
States to be formed out of the Northwest Teiri-
tory ceded by her should be " distinct Republican ;
4 States, and admitted members of the Federal '
' Union, having the same rights of sovereignty,
* freedom, and independence as the other StaTes/'
which had been previously suggested in October,
1780, by resolution of Congress. Subsequently
to the cession, and in 1788, by agreement between
Congress and Virginia, the number of the States
to be thus formed was limited to jive. Georgia and j
North Carolina both expressly repudiated the 6th j
arfcle of the ordinance in their acts of cession, and !
declared it should not extend to the territory ceded I
by them; and the United States accepted their ces-
on the score of rightand of propriety, are suggested ;j sagacious and patriotic statesmen of those times,
by this fact, forbidding such course. ! 'so as to avoid excitement as far as practicable.
Again, if the power of-Congress should be con- |j Especially was direct collision with any -interest of
ceded, the adoption of the ordinance of 1787, sixty
years ago, before the Constitution was adopted,
and with reference to the Northwestern Territory,
is not a just precedent for seeking its reenactment
for, and its extension to, other Territories very dif-
ferently situated; and which is now proposed for
entirely different objects, and with entirely differ-
ent motives, from those that induced the original
law, and when its effects would be different upon
the Territories, and as it respects the States. It is
a cogent argument in favor of Mr. Madison's
views as to the objects of the sixth article of the
, ordinance of 1787, that a similar provision was not
sion upon the terms stipulated by that State. Can ,,
the provisions of the ordinance of 1787, trammel- J extended fo the Territories ceded by South Caro-
reStriai-ni^ "f?revef" the " sovereignty, jjlina in 1787, by North Carolina in 1790, and by
c °!n' a ^independence of the States to be J, Georgia in 1802, and which embrace most of the
any section, as to any matter of practical import-
ance, avoided. All discordant and clashing influ-
ences were sought to be harmonized. Those to
whom slavery was odious, were gratified by its
supposed legal exclusion by the ordinance of 1787
as to Territories where slavery could not exist
even if allowed by law, and whither they could
emigrate without being shocked by it; and, on the
other hand, those who did not regard it with such -
" holy horror," were not disturbed as to their
rights in those Territories adapted to the institu-
tion, and they could emigrate thither.with or with-
out their slaves. While the ordinance of 1787 was
confined to the Northwest Territory, the South
generally had little motive to moot the abstract
* >■*"«.«** t)lal.lhe non-exercise l)y ihB
rted power
; to at
