58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
do some of them injustice with reference to those
opinions. The last correction of the statement,
however, in my judgment, forbids the conclusion
that the cabinet unanimously and unequivocally
yielded, the question of power in all eases as to all
Territories.
I have caused search to be made in the State
Department and elsewhere for these opinions, but
can find no trace of them in official archives, nor
any data as to their contents that is conclusive.*
There is little doubt of their being given.
That Mr. Adams and Mr Thompson both an-
swered the interrogatories, sustaining the power,
1 am satisfied.
That Mr. Crawford favored the compromise,
from the considerations I have stated, i.s shown by
the letter I have referred to of Mr. Hay giving
Mr. Barbour as authority. (See letter, note E,
No 3)
That Mr. Wirt took a similar view of the sub-
ject, I think is quite likely, though I have not seen
authentic data as to the tenor of his opinion.
The remaining member of his cabinet, and the
only one now living, is the distinguished Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] As bound
in courtesy and justice, i have shown that Senator
the memotanda and draught of the letter I have
referred to, and he has informed me that he has
not the slightest recollection of being called on for
such opinion in reference to the bill of 1820, and
that his course was that of nrfere acquiescence in
its passage as an adjustment of serious difficulties,
and to avert apprehended consequences still more
serious, if the question was not settled; and if he
gave^any opinion, its elTect find extent were, he
is satisfied, limited to such view of the case pre-
sented.
Mr. Calhoun. I have no recollection of any
written opinions being asked for or given; but I
have a distinct remembrance of the apprehensions
existing in all quarters of the consequences that
mi^ht ensue from the difficulty fiot being adjusted,
and which constrained the South, after resisting
the restrictions attempted to be imposed for two
sessions, to acquiesce finally in the bill proposed
as a compromise.
Mr. Westcott. I have no idea but that when
these opinions are brought to light, it will be that
the southern members of the Cabinet all took a
similar view. Mr. Monroe's draught of his mes-
sage, and the articles written in December, 1810,
and published with his countenance in the En-
quirer, (see note E, No. ],) show what were his
opinions; and the "extinct" in the Enquirer of
February J9, 1830, (see note E, No. 20,) show
what considerations constrained him to yield.
He gave up his convictions on the abstract ques-
tion of Congressional powerreluctantly. He sought
the counsel of Jefferson, Madison, Roane, and
others of his friends, and on whose judgment and
patriotism he relied. It was to save the Constitu-
tion. and to save the country fiom the impending
peril, that he yielded, and because he believed that
bill would bury the dispute forever, beyond the
power of sectional fariiomsts to lesuscitate it.
That the danger to the country in 1820 was immi- j
nent, tradition and recorded history both testify. ;
TJhe Union was convulsed to its centre. As Jef-
ferson said, that controversy was as alarming as ;
the sound of "a fire-bell in the night.1' Those
inimical to the South and Southwest—those who '
hated them for cause, or without cause, and for j
the reason that it was in their nature to hate some- i
thing:—were determined on the most desperate ]
measures to effect their designs. If the records of
the secret midnight conclaves of the chief conspira-
tors to disturb the harmony of the Union, by in-
stigating tile East and JN'orth to outrage, and of
course enrage the South and Southwest, held at
the house of one of them in this city, are ever I
made public, the selfish, nefarious, and unholy de- j
signs of the chief instigators will shock every true
frierid.of the Union. Mr. Monroe,'! do not doubt,
was fully apprized of their plots and machina-
tions, as were others of the distinguished patriots
of that day; and doubtless such information had
its influence on his course. By that course their
designs were thwarted and checked for a time. I
hope, for the honor of the American name, the
records I have referred to may never be divulged.
No such evil example should darken the pages of
our history. They should be suppressed.
Dismissing the Missouri act of 1820 with these
remarks, I will take a cursory notice of the other
ji legislation of Congress referred to by the Senator
I from New Yoik, [Mr. Dix.]
I AH of the acts of Congress t elating to the North-
i western Territory, or those Territoiies organized
ii out of it, referred to by the honorable Senator,
!j being founded upon the ordinance of'87, are enti-
i! tied to the same weight and consideration that it
jj is, and no more. Nearly all the arguments urged 1
|| against the ordinance apply to them. Besides,
j| I haveadverted specially to the effect of such legis- !
j| lation, when considering the ordinance, and it is i
not necessary to repeat the arguments then urged, j
The other acts of Congress referred' to by the
honorable Senator are not in the same category, i
In my judgment, all the legislation of Congress !
by traders, to be got rid of merely. (A memoran-
dum of these acts is annexed—Note 1, appendix.)
The only act that can, with any show of reason,
be urged as an exception to these principles, is the
temporary act respecting the "Orleans Teiritory"
of March 26, 1804; and this, I think, can be ex-
plained satisfactorily. The first prohibition m that
act is as to slaves imported from " without the
United States" into said Territory. It was copied
verbatim from theactof'7th April, 1798, respecting
the " Mississippi Territory." Both impose a pen-
alty of three hundred dollars for each.slave so im-
ported, and declare the slave free. It is not im-
i portant to inquire whether this provision was
; extended to the "Louisiana district," (afterwards
: "Missouri Territory,") prior to 1808. That Con-
| gress possessed, as to the Territories, precisely the
! same powers, prior to 1808, that it possesses now
j as to the whole Union, was the received opinion
I when those provisions a3 to Mississippi and Or-
leans were adopted. Some hold the interdict did
i not apply to the nein States, not " existing" when
! it was agreed to. The old States that had enactcd
I laws excluding foreign slaves and negroes invoked
: the aid of Congress, and urged that the interdict
did not prevent such aid being given to their laws.
So far from sustaining the power now claimed,
these opinions (and under that as to Territories
the provisions of the acts of 1798 and of 1804 were
. -. . -   , adopted) are inconsistent with such claim of power.
(excepting that relating to the Northwestern Terri- i; Then it was not pretended that Congress had any
tory founded on the ordinance of '87, ard except- general power beyond the foreign sfave trade, re-
tug the Missoim compromise act of 1820, and the ,! strained, till 1808, in a specified mode. It was not
; restriction in the resolution of March 1, 1845, an- i questioned that it had power to pass laws™ aid of
l| nexing lexas, excluding slavery north of 36° 30' j the laws of the old States that did not "admit"
; in aStale!) strengthens the argumentsurgedagainst ! importations of persons from abroad, and also to
the exercise by Congiess of the power assumed in ;! prohibit by law such foreign importations directly
i the excepted cases. With reference to the Texas into the Territories. It IS nnf npcpcsanr tn irinuii-o
resolutions of 1845, I frankly concede that the ar-
into the Territories. It is not necessary to inquire
.i . „ , . — as to its power with respect to the new States.
;; guments of concession of power and of precedent i The only new slave States prior to 1812 were Ken
;| apply, with almost irresistible force when applied i tuokv and Tennessee, bol.h interior Slates i„tr
h to them, lhat they did compromit the non-slave-
holding States with reference to the power of Con-
gress, unless there are in the circumstances under
which they were adopted, and in their object,
something to obviate their import, must be admit-
ted. The only other answer that can be made to
them is, the denial of the force of precedent in legis-
lation on questions of constitutional power, and of !
such concessions being entitled to any weight. It is ,
true, they were founded upon, and carried" out, the j
Missouii compromise of 36° 30'; and that they ■
confirmed and ratified it, is the radical objection to j
II them. The South may perhaps be excused for
i their good faith in not seeking to disturb that com- '
ji promise even at a sacrifice. But those resolutions
;! did morej and what was tcorse, they expressly I
i1 imposed conditio}is forever on any State created
j! north of 36° 30', as to slavery, and even assumed I
jj to grant the country and people south of that line,
il as a boon, the privilege of deciding for themselves
il when they became a State or States! I hold this
tucky and Tennessee, both interior States, into
which there could not well be importations from
abroad but through the Territories, or through the
old States. The universal sentiment of the coun-
try long before the interdict expired in 1808 was
adverse to the foreign slave trade, and a general
feeling prevailed to loosen the interdict upon Con-
gress as far as possible. Even in Georgia and
South Carolina, that had insisted upon its adop-
tion, popular opinion was against the trade. The
steadfast friends of the traffic were from the East.
As late as 1806, a memorial to Congress from Phil-
adelphia, (see American State Papers, Tit. Miss.,
volume 1, page 450,) asserts that " eminence in
the slave trade has long disgracefully distinguished
I a number of the citizens of an eastern State;" and
it states, that to evade the foreign slave trade act of
1800, which gave all the forfeited vessel and prop-
erty to the informer, the offenders would procure
participators to inform against them, and divide the
proceeds ! Such disreputable shifts increased the
, odium attached to the foreign slave trade; and
provision to be the most audacious usurpation of ;| excited Cone«M to exerdsl l8 powerl to the
nower avp.r nproHtrntPfi m fhi« I ii   * i« ~ •. n   « . ' . . .
extremest limit allowed by the constitutional m-
; terdict; and every syllable of that interdict, I douht
j not, was elosely scanned, and legal ingenuity ex-
erted by all, from every section of the Union, to
I allow further legislation in aid of the State laws,
I a na to suppress the foreign slave trade in every pos-
; sible mode except by that interdicted. Hence the
acts of 1794 and 1800, against the foreign
power ever perpetrated in this country. I should
have been impelled, by my convictions as to the
constitutional power, and of my duty, to have
voted even against the annexation of Texas with
those provisions m the resolutions, and I so
avowed at the time. It is said the exercise of the
State sovereignty of Texas after her admission can
nullify them. Such does not seem to be Mr. Mad-
ison \s judgment, (see note E, No. 11;) but admit trade. Hence, also, the act of 18U3/prohibiting
tJie fad to be bo—and the case is a strong one—the bringing into a State any negroes slaves of
and it affords additional reasons why they should j j free, prohibited by the laws of such State. Hence
w. aVe een atloPted- They were at most use- ■: also, these provisions in the territorial acts of 1798
and 3804. All (except the Act of 1803, which is
* Since the adjournment of Congress I have personally
aided in teaiching liie r<-cord> and files of the State De-
partment fot thofae opinions, and h.iviny some veais since
been a clerk in that department, I am enabled to know the
search was complete. The following entry h on the
" Register of Letter.-* received from Jbl7 to 1820, No. 1:J>
" March 8, 1820. Adams, Crawfoid, Calhoun, Wirt, and
ihomppon—Messrs. — Washington, March 4, 3820. Then
opinions m writing upon the constitutionality of the law for
the admission of Missouri into the Union." ,
,„Th'lSrfe"trv,'sthe liandwritin<; of Mr. King, then a clerk !
ill Sh. nt>,vho has belli dead many years. A book, !
be tost ■ si Sfr paPcl? wero probably bound, is supposed to
lost ,^at any rate, the papers cannot be found. I
The acts of Congress respecting the foreign slave
trade, and the prohibition of the bringing in of free
persons of color from abroad into States that had
prohibited such introduction, or those that relate !
! not within the purview of the. general acts) were
; merged in the general slave-trade act of 1808. All
were under the admitted general power of Con-
- 10 -^Tthfi Trf orieMouth °f - -de,s
: Aransasrd8ffiifl)^]tn'Afabama^1SSOUri'1k!-c shielded by the speeiaUnterdlctinil
Arkansas, and Florida,) so far from justifying the : Constitution; and which interdict beimr released
power of Congress, all, in my opinion, corroborate I in 1RAS ™nicn lmeraict oemg reieasea
and fortify the views I have advanced on that sub- '! ButX'iT.t? \Plen«T-
t   ... him. mu , ] nut tnis is no precedent or warrant for the power
5 ject. I conceive they are all confined to the sup- i
I pression of the importation of slaves from abroad, !
■ or in aid of State or Territorial laws prohibiting the *
I introduction of negroes, &c., slaves or free, from I
! abroad ; or in aid of municipal police regulations !
excluding felons and other dangerous slaves from I
being introduced into the Territories for sale, and I
now claimed of excluding all slaves from the Ter-
ritories.
The act of 1804, in the "second place, inhibited
the bringing into the Territory of Orleans, from the
United States, slaves that had been imported from
abroad since May 1st, 1798. Why this particular
date was fixed upon, I cannot certainly say. The
