62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
30th CoNfi 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon-—-Mr. Westcott.
Senate.
time to time, almost ever since the Jirst settlement of
the country, and has been expressly acknowledged by
cur provincial legislatures, it is not less our inter-
est than our duty to continue subject to the authority
of Parliament, which will be more fully consid-
ered hereafter."
(Page J.73.) " Had a person, some fifteen years
ago, undertaken to prove that the colonies were a
part of the British empire or dominion, and as such
subject to the authority of the British Parliament,
he would have acted as ridiculous a part as to
have undertaken to prove a self-evident propo-
sition. Had any person denied it, he would have
been called a fool or a madman."
(Page 181.) Quoting and adopting from a pam-
phlet he refers to as published in 1764, he says:
"It is a maxim that i the King can do no wrong;'
and every good subject is bound to believe his King-
is not inclined to do any. We are blessed with a
prince who has given abundant demonstrations
that in all his actions he studies the good of his
people and the true glory of his crown, which are
inseparable. It would, therefore, be the highest
decree of impudence and disloyalty to> imagine that
the King, at the head of his Parliament, could have
any but the most pure and perfect intentions of jus-
tice, goodness, and truth, that human nature is capa-
ble of. ' All this 1 say and believe of the King and
Parliament, in all llieiracts; even in that which so
nearly affects the interests of the colonists; and that
a most perfect and ready obedience is to be yielded to it
while it remains in force. 'Bhe power of Pathument
is unconlroll able, but by themselves,andwe must obey.
They only can repeal their own acts. There would
be an end of all government if one or a number of
subjects or subordinate provinces should take upon
them so Jar to jud^e of the justice of an act of Par-
liament as to refuse obedience to it. if there was
nothing else to restrain such a step, prudence ought
to do it, for forcibly resisting the Parliament and
the King's laws is high treason. Therefore, lei the
Parliament lay what burdens they "please on us, ice
must, for it is our duty to, submit and patiently bear
them till they will be pleased to relieve us."
(Page 202 ) " But, say our patriots, if the Brit-
ish Pailiament may take a penny from us without
our consent, they may a pound, and so on, till they
have filched away all our property. This inces-
sant incantation operates like a spell or charm, and
checks the efforts of loyalty in manjaPan honest
breast. Let us give it its full weight. Do they
mean that, if the Parliament has a right to raise a
revenue of one penny on the colonies, that they
must therefore have a right to wrest from us all our
property? If this be then* meaning, I deny their
deduction; for the supreme legislature can have no
right to tax any part of the empire to a greater
amount than us just and equitable propouion of
the necessary national expense. Tins is a line
diawn by the constitution itself. Do they mean
that, if we admit that the Parliament may consti-
tutionally raise one penny upon us for the purpose
of revenue, they will probably proceed from light
to heavy taxes, till their impositions become griev-
ous and intolerable ? This amounts to no more than
a denial of the right, lest it should be abused. But an
argument drawn fiom the actual abuse of a power
will not conclude to the illegality of such power; much
less will an argument drawn from a capability of its
being abused. If u would, we might readily argue
away all power that man is intrusted with, i will
admit that a power of taxation is more liable to
abuse than legislation, separately considered; and
it would give me pleasure to see some other line
drawn, some other barrier erected, than what the
constitution has already done, if it be possible,
whereby tlie constitutional authority of thesupieme
legislature might be preserved entne, and America
be guarantied m every right and exemption con-
sistent with her subordination and dependence; but
this can only be done by Parliament
(Page 216.) " But how dliferent are the effects
of our connection with and subordination to Brit- j
ain \ They are too strongly marked to escape the i
most careless observer. Our merchants are opu- j
lent, and our yeomanry in easier circumstances |
than the noblesse of some Slates. Population is so !
rapid as to double the number of inhabitants m the |
fchoit peiiod of twenty-five years. Cities are •
springing up in the depths of the wilderness. !
Schools, colleges, and even universities, are inter- i
through the continent; our country abounds i
with foreign refinements, and flows with exotic
-luxuries. These are infallible marks not only of
opulence, but of freedom. The reclus£ may spec-
ulate—the curious repine—the disaffetfed calum-
niate—ail these may combine to excite fears and
jealousies in the minds of the multitude, and keep
them in alarm from the beginning to the end of the
year; but such evidence as this must forever carry
conviction with it to the minds of the most dispas-
sionate and judicious." [The coincidence between
this argument and those about the superior pros-
perity, &c., of New York, owing to " fiee laboi
is quite striking.]
" Where are the traces of the slavery that our
patriots would terrify us with ? The effects of sla- il
very are as glaring and obvious in those countries 'j
that are cursed with its abode, as the effect of war, ^
pestilence, or famine. Our land is not disgraced
by the wooden shoes of France, or the uncombed
hair of Poland; we have neither racks nor inqui-
sitions, tortures or assassinations; the mildness of
our criminal jurisprudence is proverbial. iA man
must have many friends to get hanged in New Eng-
land.' Who has been arbitrarily imprisoned, dis-
seized of his freehold, or despoiled of his goods?
Each peasant that is industrious may acquire an
estate, enjoy it in his lifetime, and at his death
transmit a fair inheritance to his posterity. The
Protestant religion is established, as far as human
laws can establish it. My dear friends, let me
ask each one whether he has not enjoyed every
blessing that is in the power of civil government
to bestow' And yet the Parliament has, from the
earliest days of the colonies, claimed the lately con-
troverted right, both of legislation and taxation, and
for more than a century hat, been in the actual exercise
of it. There is no grievous exercise of that right
at this day, unless the measures taken to prevent
our revolting may be called grievances. Are we,
then, to rebel, lest there should be grievances?
Are we to take up arms and make war against our
parent, lest that parent, contrary to the experience of
a century and a half—contrary to her oxen genius, in-
clination, affections and interest—should treat us or
Our posterity as bastards, and not as sons, and,
instead of protecting, should enslave us? The
annals of the world have not, as yet, been deformed
with a single instance of so unnatural, so cause-
less, so wanton, so wicked a rebellion.M
Whig of '76.
Mr. Adams, in reply to Mr. bewail, in his " No-
variglus" letters, says:
(Page 22.) " Now let me ask you, if the Parlia-
ment of Great Britain had all the natural founda-
tions of authority, wisdom, goodness, justice,
power, in as great perfection as they ever existed
m any body of men since Adam's fall; and if the
English nation was the most virtuous, pure, and
free that ever was, would not such an unlimited
subjection of three millions of people to that Par-
liament, at three thousand miles distance, be real
slavery? There are but two sorts of men in the
world—freemen and slaves. The very definition, of a
freeman is one who is bound by no law to which he
has not consented Americans would have no way
of giving or withholding their consent to the acts
of this Parliament; therefore they would not be free-
men. "
(Page 26.) " That the fundamentals of the Gov-
ernment over them are disputed; that the minister
pretends and had the influence to obtain the vote
of the last Parliament in his favor; that Parlia-
ment is the only supreme, sovereign, absolute, and 'un-
controllable legislative power over alt the colonies;
that therefore the minister, and all his advocates, !
will call resistance to acts of Parliament by the ,
names of treason and rebellion. But at the same j
time they know that, in their own opinions, and j
in the opinions of all the colonies, Parliament has i
no authority over them, except to regulate their \
trade, and this is riot by any principle of common !
law, but merely by the consent of the colonies, founded '
on obvious necessity of'a case which was never in i
contemplation of that law, nor provided fur by it; '
that therefore they have as good a right to charge j
thatmmister,and Massachusetensis, and the s^hole i
army to which he has lied for protection, with trea- i
son and rebellion." |
(Page 30.) " When he says that the King's do- j
minions must have an uncontrollable power co- I
extensive with them, I ask whether they have such 1
a power or no-t, and utterly deny that they have,
by any law but that of .Louis XIV. and the
King of Sardinia. If they have not, and it is ne-
cessary that they'should have, it then follows that
there js a defect in what he calls the British em-
pne; and how shall this defect be supplied? It
cannot be supplied consistently with reason, jus-
tice, policy, morality, or humanity, without'the
consent of the colonies, and some new plan of con-
nection. But if Great Britain will set all these at
defiance, and resort to the ratio ultima, all Europe
will pronounce her a tyrant, and America never
will submit to her, be the danger of disobedience
as great as it will."
(Page 34.) " Obsta principiis—nip the shoots of
arbitrary power in the bud—is the only maxim
which can ever preserve the liberties of any people.
When the people give way, their deceivers, be-
trayers, and destroyers, press upon them so fast
that there is no resisting afterwards. The nature
of the encroachment upon the American Consti-
tution is such as to grow every day more and more
encroaching. Like a cancer, it eats fasLer and
faster every hour. The revenue creates pension-
ers, and the pensioners urge for more leverrue.
The people grow less steady, spirited, and virtu-
ous, the seekers more numerous and more corrupt,
and evepy day increases the circles of their de-
pendents and expectants, until virtue, integrity,
public spirit, simplicity, and frugality become the
objects of ridicule and scorn, and vanity, luxury,
foppery, selfishness, meanness, and downrignt
venality swallow up the whole society."
(Page 38.) "The truth is, the authority of Parlia-
ment was never generally acknowledged in Amer-
ica. More than a century since, Massachusetts and
Virginia both protested against even the act of na\ i-
gation, and refused obedience for this very reason,
because they were not represented in Parliament,
and were, therefore, not bound: and afterward*
confirmed it by their own provincial authority.'*
(Page 46.) " It is extremely provoking to court-
iers that they cannot vote as the cabinet direct
them, against their consciences* the known sense
of their constituents, and the oovious good of the
community, without being detected. Generally,
perhaps universally, no unpopular measure in a free
Government, particularly the English, ought ever to
pass. Why have the^people a share in the legis-
lature but to prevent s"uch measures from passing*
—1 mean such as are disapproved by the people at
large? But did not these yea and nay votes ex-
pose the Whigs as well as Tories to the impartial
judgment of the public? If the votes of the former
were given for measures injurious to the commu-
nity, had not the latter an equal opportunity of
improving' them to the disadvantage of their ad-
versaries in the next election? Besides, were not
those few persons in the House, who generally
voted for unpopular measures, near the Governor,
in possession of his confidence? Had they not
the absolute disposal in their towns and counties
of the favor of Government? Were not all the
judges, justices, sheriffs., coroners, and military
officers made in their towns upon their recom-
mendation? Did not this give them a prodigious
weight and influence? Had the Whigs any such
advantage?"
The same doctrines are to be found in the cele-
brated republican pamphlet, " Crisis," published
m 1776:
" These are the times that try men's souls. The
summer soldier and the sunshine patriot will, in
this crisis, shrink from the service of his country;
but he that stands it now deserves the love and
thanks of man and woman. Tyranny, like hell,
is not easily conquered; yet we have this consola-
tion with us, that the harder the conflict the more
giorions the triumph. What we obtain too cheap
we esteem too lightly; 'ns clearness only that gives
everything its value. Heaven knows how to put
a proper price upon its goods; and it would be
strange indeed if so celestial an article as FREE-
DOM should not be highly rated. Britain, with
anfcrmy to cnforce her Tyranny, has declared that
she has a right not only to TflX, but ' to BLXD us
in ML CRISES WHATSOEVER ;J and if being
bound in that manner is not slavery, then is there
not such a thing as slavery upon earth. Even tiie
expression is impious, for'so unlimited a power-
cikn only belong to God."
(Page 101.) 44 One of the greatest degrees of
