1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
30th Qong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government -of Oregon—Mr. Wcstcott.
Senate.
sentimental union which America knew was in
denying the right of the British Parliament Uo
bind the colonies in all cases whatsoeverThe dec-
laration is in its form a*n almighty one, and is the
loftiest stretch of arbitrary power that ever one set
of men or one country claimed over another."
" In every former publication of mine, (from
Common Sense down to tlie Last Crisis,) I have
generally gone on the charitable supposition that
the Tories were rather a mistaken than a criminal
people, and have applied argument after argument,
with all the ca"ndor and temper which I was capa-
ble of, in order to set every part of the case clearly
and fairly before them, and if possible to reclaim
them from ruin to reason. I have done my duty
by them, and have now done with that doctrine,
taking it for granted that those who yet hold their
disaffection are either a set of avaricious miscre-
ants, who would sacrifice the continent to save
themselves, or a banditti of hungiy.traitors, who
are hoping for a division of the spoil; to which
may be added a list of ciown or proprietary de-
pendents, who, rather than go without a portion
of power, would be content to share it with the
devil. Of such men ihere is no hope; and their
obedience will only be according; to the danger set
before them, and the power that is exercisid over
them."
" A time will shortly arrive in which, by ascer-
taining the character of persons now, we shall be
guaided against their mischiefs then; for, m pro-
portion as the enemy despairs of conquest, they
will be trying the arts of seduction and the force of
fear byall the mischiefs which they can inflict."
In the first volume of American Archives are to
be found the speeches of Lord Chatham, General
Conway, Mr. Burke, Mr. C. Fox, Colonel Barre,
Mr. Dowdeswell, and others in the British Parlia-
ment, in answer to those of the Tory members;
and the same book, contains the acts and resolu-
tions of Parliament, and likewise many of the acts
and resolutions of the colonial assemblies, town
meetings, committees, &c., and correspondence of
Whigs and Tories of that day. They are all to
the same effect.
Chancellor Kent, referring (1 Com., 385) to the
probability when he wrote of the United States
acquiring exclusive possession of Oregon, says,
according to the precedents of Congressional legis-
lation, and even the decisions of the Supreme
Court, the power of Congress must be regarded as
absolute over it till it becomes a State; and he fur-
ther says :
"The colonists would be in a state of the most
complete subordination, and as dependent upon the
will of Congress as the people of this country would
have been upon the King and Parliament of Great
Britain, if they could have sustained their claim to
bind us in all eases whatsoever. Such a state of
absolute sovereignty on the one hand and of abso-
lute dependence on the other, is not congenial with
the free and independent spirit of our native insti-
tutions; and the establishment of distant Territo-
rial Governments, ruled according to will and
pleasure, would have a v£ry natural tendency, as
all proconsular governments have had, to abuse
and oppression."
Note C.
The following authorities treat on this subject.
Some of them do not accord with each other; but
from all of them together I deduce the principles
and rules I have advanced. The laws of nations,
as received and recognized for the last two centu-
ries, maintain as a principle what in ancient times
was commended as laudable on the part of the con-
queror, viz : that the people of a conquered prov-
ince are not to be treated as captives, subject to his
arbitiary power, but are to be governed according
to equity and justice, and to be allowed to retain
their ancient municipal laws not inconsistent with
the fundamental laws of their new sovereign. The
rights of private property are now recognized and
respected by the laws of nations. Formerly, the
clemency of the conqueror was all that the con-
quered could rely upon." The policy inculcated by
the publicists of ancient times to incorporate the con-
quest into the conquering Stale, is now also a rule of
the law of nations. The same rule obtains as to
ceded territory, or newly discovered teiritory.
Such possessions become a part and parcel of the
empne, or state, or nation that acquiie possession
of them by cession or discovery, and their politi-
cal laws and institutions must conform to the polit-
ical laws o£ the latter. Especially is a republican
government, that has no subjects of the white race,
bound to recognize this rule. Otherwise, the white
inhabitants would be slaves, not citizens; and in
this case the treaty guarantee would be violated.
The English authorities are, 7 Coke, Rep. 17, Cal-
vin's case; Craw vs. Ramsay, C. B._1G69, Vaughan
279; Blanjtard vs. Gaddy, 2 Salk. 411, 3692; Out-
ton vs. Howell, 1 Show. Pail, col., 31, Lords,
Decision in Privy Council, 1772,2 P. VVms. 75;
1 Black., Com. 107; Chitty on Prcrog., ch. 3, p.
29, 1 Chabn. Op. 194, 2 ib. 202; Rex" vs. Bramp-
ton, 10 East. 282; Hall vs. Campbell, 1 Cowp.,
211; Mostyn vs. Fabregas, ib. 180; 1 Chalm. Ann.
14, G39, 658; Stokes's Colonial Law, p"p. 11, 30;
Clarke's Colonial Law, 5 to 21.
Note 6, in the last authority cited, page 5, in
commenting on Lord Mansfield's opinion, in
Campbell vs. Hall, says:
" But there is one distinction that deserves to be
considered. This relates to lans contrai~y to the fun-
damental principles of the British constitution. Such
laws would, with rt-gard to the conqueror at least,
and, it, is apprehended, with regard to the con-
quered also,cease upon the instant of conquest."—
Clarke's Colonial Law, p. 5, note.
Again:
" Thus, if any country in which the inflection of
torture was the jaw, should coifie into the posses-
sion of Great Britain, such law would fall of course.
The constitution of Great Britain would put an end to
it."—j(bid.
Clarke citcs Lord C. J. DeCrey in Mostyn vs.
Fabregas, above cited:
" The nations whom the Romans permitted to
retain their own laws had this liberty only so far
as their laws included nothing contrary to the Roman
laws."—Grotius's War and Peace, b. 3, ch. 15,
sec. 10, and note referring to Bynkershoeck; and
see Puff. b. 2, ch. 12, sec. 8, and Vattel, b. 1, ch.
18, sec. 209, 210, and ib. b. 3, ch. 13, sec. 200, 201,
&c.
The following American authorities relate to
this subject: Declaration of Rights by Congress,
Oct. 14, 1774, Journal, p. 17 to 21, 2 Wils. Law
Lee. 49 to 54, 3 ib. 234; Johnson vs. Mcintosh^ 8
Wheaton 543; 1 Kent Com. 383; 1 Story Com.
133 to 142; 3 ib. 187; Am. Ins. Co. us. Canter, 1
Peters' Reps. 511, and U. S. vs. Percheman, 7
Peters' Reports, 87.
In the case in 1 Peters, Chief Justice Marshall,
delivering the opinion of the court, says, p. 542:
" The usage of the world is, if a nation be not
entirely subdued, to consider the holding of con-
quered territory as a mere military occupation,
until its fate shall be determined at the treaty of
pcace. If it be ceded by the treaty, the acquisition
is confirmed, and the ceded territory becomes a part
of the, nation to which it is annexed, either on the
terms stipulated in the treaty of cession, or on such
as its new master shall enforce. On such transfer
of territory it has never been held that the relations
of the inhabitants with each"other undergo any
change. Their relations with their former sov-
eteign are dissolved, and new relations are created
between them and the government which has ac-
quired the territory. The same act which trans-
fers their country transfers the allegiance of those
who remain in it; and the law which may be de-
nominated political is necessarily changed, although
that which regulates the intercourse and geneial
conduct of individuals remains in force until altered
by the newly-created power of the State."
After citing the clause in the Florida treaty, ad-
mitting the inhabitants ol those provinces citizens,
similar to that in the treaty with Mexico, he pro-
ceeds :
44 This treaty is the law of the land, and admits
the inhabitants of Florida to the enjoyment of the
privileges, tights, and immunities of the citizens of
the United States. It is unnecessary to inquire whether
this is nut their condition independent of such stipula-
tion. They do not, however, participate in politi-
cal power; they do not share in the Government till
Florida shall become a State. In the mean time
Florida continues to be a Territory of the United
States, governed by virtue of that clause in the
Constitution which empowers Congress to " make
all needful rules and regulations," &c.
Again, p. 544: " It has been already stated that
a.M the laws which were in force in Florida while
a province of Spain, those excepted which were po-
litical in their character, which concerned the rela-
tions between the people andtheir sovereign, remained
in force until altered by the Government of the
United States." "
The case of the United States vs. Percheman, 7
Peters, 87, reiterates the doctrine as to the con-
tinuance of the local municipal law of a ceded coun-
try regulating private rights, till altered by the new
government.
Note D.
Copied from the original, among the Monroe manuscripts.]
mr. madison to president monroe.
Extract of a letter, dated Montpelier, Feb. 10, 1820.
" I find the idea is fast spreading, that the zea)
with which the extension (so called) of slavery is
opposed, has, with the coalesced leaders, an object
very different from the welfare of slaves, or the
check to their increase; and that the real object is,
as you intimate, to form a new state of parties
founded on local instead of political distinctions;
theieby dividing the Republicans of the North
from those of the South, and making the former
instrumental in giving the opponents of both an
ascendency over the whole. If this be the view
of the subject at Washington, it furnishes an ad-
ditional reason for a conciliatory proceeding in rela-
tion to Maine.
" I have been truly astonished at some of the
doctrines and declarations to which the Missouri
question has led; and particularly so at the inter-
pretation of the terms * migration or importation,'
&c. Judging from my own impressions, Ishould
deem it impossible that the memory of any one
who was a member of the general Convention
could favor an opinion that the terms did no^
exclusively refer to migration and importation into
the United States. Had they been understood in that
body in the sense now put on them, it is easy to con-
ceive the alienation they would have there created
in certain States; and no one can decide better than
yourself the effect they would have had on the State
conventions, if such a meaning had been avowed
by the advocates of the Constitution. If a sus-
picion had existed of such a construction, it would
at least hswve made a conspicuous figure among the
amendments proposed to the instrument."
" I have observed) as yet, in none of the views taken
of the ordiyiance of 1787, interdicting slavery north-
west of the Ohio, an allusion to the circumstance thai
when it passed, the Congress had no authority to pro-
hibit the importation of slaves from abroad; that all the
States had,, and some were in the full exercise of, the
right to import them; and, consequently, that there icas
no mode in which Congress could check the evil, bulr
the indirect one of narrowing the space open for tht
reception of slaves.
" jHad a federal authority then existed to prohibit}
directly and totally, the importation from abroad, can
it be doubted that it would have been exerted* and that
a regulation having merely the effect of preventing the
interior disposition of slaves actually in the United
States, and creating a distinction among the States in
the degrees of their sovereignty, would not have been
adopted, or perhaps thought ofV
Note E.
[Papers copied from the oiigindls among the Monroe manu-
script--.]
No. 1.
mr. george hat to president monroe.
" Ashfield, Friday, Dec. 24, 1819.
"Dear Sir: I received, on Wednesday last,
j your letter of the 20th. I am taking precisely the
' view of that subject which your letter exhibits.
' The first part (the constitutional question) is ready
I for the press, and will appear in the first paper
published next week—probably, in consequence
of Xmas (Christmas) times, not until Wednesday.
The second part (the treaty-question) is written,
and will follow in the paper of Friday or Satur-
day. The third part (the expedience of the amend-
ment) is not commenced, but the subject is arranged
in my head. I mean in this third part to put Gray-
son's conduct and motives on their true ground: the
speculators in inhumanity, or lather under the
mask of humanity, shall not triumph in the use
of his name. Igmean also to show the cruelty of
the regulation or amendment as it now stands.
