1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (JLOBE.
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott.
New Series No.,5.
luxuriant, country on earth. .Florida, moreover, is
ours. Every nation in Europe considers it such
of right. We need not care for its occupattoagm
time of peace; and, in war,, the first cannon makes
it ours without offence to anybody. The friendly
advisements, too, of Russia and France, as well as
the change of government in Spain, now insured,
requireafurtherand respectful forbearance While
their request will rebut the plea of prescriptive pos-
session, it will give us a right to their approbation
when taken in the maturity of circumstances. I
really think, too, that neither the state of our
finances, the condition of our country, nor the
public opinion, urges us to"precipitation into war.
The treaty has had the valuable effect of strength-
' emngour title to Texas, because the cession of the
Floridaa in exchange for Texas, imports an ac-
knowledgment of our right to it. This province,
moreover, the Floridas, and possibly Cuba, will
join us on the acknowledgment of their inde-
pendence—a measure to which their new govern-
ment will probably accede voluntarily. But why
should I be saying all this to you, of whose mind
all the circumstances of this affair have had pos-
session for years?
I shall rejoice to see you here; and were I to
five to see you here finally, it would be a day of
jubilee. But our days are all numbered, and mine
■ are not many. .God bless you and preserve .you
muchos alios. TH. JEFFERSON.
The President of the U. S.
No. 10.
{Copied from a copy of tiie original, among Mr. Monroe's
manuscripts. ]
president monroe to mr. madison.
Extract of a letter, with a copy of the message, dated
Washington, November 16, 1820. ~
"The contest for the chair, and the result, indi-
cate a disposition to renew the Missouri question,
• in the temper displayed in the last session.
"The clause in the constitution of that State
authorizing an inhibition of free negroes from em-
igrating into it,-is understood to be that which will
be more particularly laid hold of.
"Unfavorable [opinions] are formed of the result.
' It is undoubtedly] much to be regretted that the
State furnished any pretext for such [opinions.]
It is^ urged by some, favorable to* the immediate
admission of the State into the Union, that as the
Constitution [nullifies] all parts of the State con-
stitutions repugnant to it, then in force, so it will
nullify any part of the constitution of a new State
which may be admitted, it being necessary that the
incorporation should be complete in every clause,
* • the same as to the new as well as the original States,
and not a compact or treaty between separate com-
munities, as it would otherwise be: that Congress,
in its legislative character, can .make no compact
which would deprive the Supreme Court of its right
to declare such article in the constitution of the new
State void: that if> however, it had such right, a dec- j
laration by Congress, disapproving of that clause, :
and protesting against it, would deprive it of such ;
sanction, and leave it to the decision of the court." !]
[Memorandum.—The words-placed within brackets were ':
blai&s in the copy from which the above is taken, as if tho ! |
eierk who made it had been unable to read Mr. Monroe's
manuscript.] |
i
No. 11.
mr. madison to president monroe.
Extracts of a letter, in reply to Mr. Monroe's of the 'j
1 Gt!iy dated Montpelier, November 19, 1820. ,}
"I infer from the language of your letter, that
the contest for the chair terminated in favor of Mr. i
Taylor, and that it manifested a continuance of the |
spirit which connected itself with the Missouri j
question of the last session. This is much to be "
regretted, as is the clause in the constitution of the ,1
new State, which furnishes a text for the angry j
and unfortunate discussion. ji
" There can be no doubt that the clause, if against
<he Constitution of the United States, would be a
nullity; it being impossible for Congress, with,
more than -without, a concurrence, of new or old
members of the Union, to vary the political equal-
ity of the States, or their constitutional relations to
each other, or to the whole. But it must, to say
^ the least, be" an awkward precedent, to sanction
the constitution of the new State, containing a clause
at variance with that of the United States, even with
the declaration that the clause was a nullity; and
the awkwardness might Become a very serious per-
plexity, if the admission of the new State into the
Union,,and of its Senators and Representatives into
Congress, and their participation in the acts of the
latter, should be followed by a determination of
Missouri to remain as it is, rather than accede to
an annulment of the obnoxious clause.
" Would it not be a better course to suspend
the admission until the people of Missouri could
amend their constitution, provided their so doing
would put an end to the controversy, and produce
a quiet admission at the ensuing session? Or, if
the objections to this course be insuperable, may
it not deserve consideration, whether the terms of
the claifse would not be satisfied by referring the
authority it gives to the case of free people of
color, not citizens, of other States
" Not having the constitution of Missouri at
hand, I can form no opinion on this point. But a
right in the States to inhibit the entrance of that
description of colored people, it may be presumed, *
would be as little disrelished by the States having
no slaves#s by the States retaining them There
is room also for a more critical examination of the
constitutional meaning of the term 4 citizens,' than
has yet taken place; and of the effect of the various
civil disqualifications applied by the laws of the
States to free people of color."
No. 12.
mr. archibald stuart to president monroe.
Extract of a letter dated Richmond, Virginia, De-
cember 8, 1820.
" I feel considerable anxiety concerning the mad
career which certain factious individuals are pur-
suing respecting the State of Missouri. * * * #
Suppose they refuse her admission into the Union:
what then ? She will go on to govern herself, and
her enemies will be unable to procure a law to
offer her violence. The prospect of losing the
whole country west of the Mississippi will then
be presented to their view. These and other ulte-
rior considerations, even si separation of the Union,
will -compel them to retrace their steps. * * * *
14 The merchants, the ship-owners, the manu-
facturers, to the North, will never risk a separa-
tion from the growers of tobacco, cotton, sugar,
rice, and indigo, and such customers as a newly
settled country will afford. # # They would
be the rivals of all other nations in the carrying-
trade, and would be unable to purchase anything
from them. * * * It is true, large ex-ports are
made from the northern ports, but it is well known
whence they come.
" These consequences are too obvious to escape
the.attention of a cunning, pelf-loving people; from
which I conclude their proceedings are intended
for temporary and ambitious purposes."
- No. 13.
mr. madison to president monroe.
Extract from a letter dated Montpelier, December 28,
1820.
" I received your two favors of the 18th and 23d
instant. The prospect of a favorable issue to the
difficulties with Spain is very agreeable. I hope
the ratification will arrive without clogs on it, and
that the acquisition of Florida may give no new
stimulus to the spirit excited by the case of Mis-
souri. I am glad to learn that a termination of this
case also is not despaired of. if the new State is
to be admitted with a proviso, none better occurs
than a declaration that its admission is not to im-
ply an opinion in Congress, that its constitution
will be less subject to be tested and controlled by
the Constitution of th-eUnited States, than if formed
after its admission, or than tlx; constitution of
other States now members of the Union.
" It is a happy circumstance that the discussions
renewed by the offensive clause introduced by
Missouri are marked by such mitigated feelings
in Congress. It auguis well as to the ultimate
effect which you anticipate. The spirit and man-
ner of conducting the opposition to the new State,
with the palpable efforts to kindle lasting animosity
between geographical divisions of the nation, will
have a natural tendency, when the feverish crisis
shall have passed, to reunite those who never dif-
fered as to the essential principles and the true pol-
icy of the Government. v m
No. 14. :
[Extract from a letter from' General Jackson to
President^ Monroe, d$ted Nashville, January'7,
1821, copied from the Monroe manuscripts.!
* * * * * # J #
' I sincercly regret the unpleasant situation in
which the House of Representatives have placed
the nation, by the vote rejecting the State of Mis-
souri. Should the House not reconsider the suB-
ject, I shudder for the consequences. The feelings of
the South and West are aroused. The eastern and
northern people have fully unmasked themselves,
and if I can judge correctly rMissou.i will not retro-
grade,.or humble herself. What, then, will be the
consequences? Missouri may seize the public property
and funds ivithin Her limits. What course will Con-
gress then adopt? I hope the majority will see the
evil of this rash despotic act, and admit the State and
prevent the evil."
No. 15.
mr. nicholas biddle to mr. monroe.
Extracts of letters of the following dates:
Philadelphia, Februanj%7, 1821.
" I saw with great regret the failure qf Mr. Rob-
erts's proposition. *****
" The accounts which I have from Washington
to-day are so far satisfactory that they state a de-
termination On the part of a sufficient number of
the members from Pennsylvania to decide the ques*
tion, if the gentlemen from the South will adhere,
as I really tHink they ought to do, to the principlesv
of compromise, for which they have already once
voted. * *
" I could have wished that Mr. Robertsjiad suc-
ceeded, for his own sake and for the honor of ou£
State. The. immediate admission, too, is better
than the prospective; and I cannot but think the
objections of the Senate too fastidious and techni-
! cal.' But if the good is accomplished, 1 am Content
1 to receive it at any hands. And i.t will be still sat-
isfactory to reflect that our members gave the first
impulse, and may afford the decisive aid in the
adjustment."
No": 16.
Andalusia, near Philad., June 14,1821.
" It has given me great satisfaction to find that
j what I ventured to assure our representatives at
j Washington, as to the feeling of this State on tKe
j Missouri question, has been completely realized,
i The StatS has acquiesced in the decision of Con-
i gress, ami the gentlemen who had the independ-
! ence to vote for the conciliation, have suffered
nothing in the estimation of the country by that
wise measure."
No. 17.
mr. robert s. garnett, m. c., to president
monroe.
Extract of a letter dated Washington, March 29,1822.
<4 It was once my misfortune, and my fault, to
vote against my convictions. I allude to my vote
on the resolution on which Missouri was admitted
into the Union; and although I afterwards had an
opportunity of recalling my vote, I would not again
suffer the pangs I endured in the intermediate time,
for all the honors my country could confer on me.
Since that period, I have maae a firm resohe never
to swene from the dictates of my deliberate judg-
ment. '*
No. 18. *
general (afterwards president) harrison to
president monroe.
Extract of a letter dated North Beiid, June 16, 1823.
" Amongst the circumstances which have beeij
thought of as likely to oppose my success [in ob-
taining the mission to Mexico] is the loss of my
election last fall, going to show a want of confi-
dence in the community in which I live. The re-
sult of that election was produced by a combina-
tion of circumstances which rarely, if ever, before
occurred. But it is a fact, well known throughout
this country, that all the others combined would
have been ineffectual, if it had not been for two
objections which were made to me, and which
would have equally applied to youiself, Mr. Jef-
ferson, or Mr. Madison.
