06
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[July 25,
90th Gong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcoti.
Senate.
i'These were: my opinion on the Missouri
question, and'my having been for some years in
the employment of the Government.
" In relation to the Missouri question, I am, and
have been for many years, so much opposed to
slavery, that I will never live in a State where it
exists. But i believe that the Constitution has
given no power to the General Government to in-
terfere iii this matter, and that to have slaves or no
slaves, depends upon the will of the people in each
State alone.
" Besides the constitutional objection, I am per-
suaded that the obvious tendency of such inter-
ferences on the part of the States which have mo slaves
with thi property of their fellow-citizens of the otkers,
is to produce a state of discord and jealousy that will,
in the end, prove fatal to the Uxion. I believe in no
other Slate are such wild and dangerous sentiments en-
tertained on this subject as in Ohio; and I claim the
merit of being the only person of any political stand-
ing in the State who publicly oppose them."
No. 19.
To the Editor of the Richmond Enquirer:
* Washington, February 17.
[Frojn a firm and honorable man.]
The Missouri question is still under discussion
here. I perceive some of the leading men are in
favor of a compromise !!! King, of New Ywk, has
made two of the weakest and most factious and
fanatical speeches ever delivered.
St
No.,20.
Extract of a letter from a gentleman in Washington to
his friend in Richmond.
. Washington, February 12, 1820.
The Missouri question continues to occupy almost
exclusively the whole attention of Congress. The
debate is still going on in both Houses, and God
only knows when or how it will terminate. It was
but reasonable to suppose that after the vote of the
Senate upon Mr. Roberts's proposition for restric-
tion, the subject would not have been further dis-
cussed in that body ; but Mr. King, of New York,
who, during the debate, had maintained a silence
as mysterious as it was unexpected, has contrived
to recommence the discussion in a different shape;
and yesterday, without the least expectation or
hope of producing any change in the Senate, deliv-
ered # speech better calculated to delude and mis-
lead our northren brethern, and more alarming to
the friends of our Union (whether Federalists or
Republicans) than anything which has hitherto
been written or spoken upon the subject.
Previous to his arrival in this city, a spirit of
conciliation and compromise which was thought
to be due to the universal excitement which pre-
vails, seemed to be pretty generally indulged. The
tone of his friends, however, were soon altered, and
" aut Cwsar aut nulfjis" adopted as their principle
of action.
Having given notice of his intention to speak a
day or two beforehand, no doubt with a view to
be heard by the northern members of the House of
Representatives, who crowded the Senate Chamber
for that purpose, much of his speech consisted of
ingenious efforts to excite their prejudices, and-
enlist their pride in opposition to any and every-
thing which even savored of compromise.
On other occasions he had expressed his wish
that the territory of Missouri belonged to the moon> or
was given up to the residence of bears, tigers, and
other wild beasts. In his speech he denied the
authority of this Government to acquire Louisiana
in the manner in which it had been obtained.
Disdaining to assume the mask of pretended
religion, morality, or humanity, or calculating to
•gainjgreater advantages by throwing offal) disguise,
he openly and boldly treated the subject as a
mere question of political power, and contended that
no kind of interest ought to reconcile the people of
the North to part with any portion of their power.
He inveighed against that inequality of representation
which is predicated upon our slave population, and
exclaimed,li Place freemen by the side offreemen, and
tee are willing to go all lengths loith you."
He disclaimed all authority to impose the re-
striction, from any other clause or part of the Con- ;
stitution but that which declares- that " Congress i
may admit new States into this Union," expressly !
admitting that all other parts of that instrument
were inapplicable, notwithstanding he himself had
contended for the restriction upon another clause,
in a pamphlet purporting to be the substance of
two speeches which he delivered last session, but
which is not only very different from,-but in
some important parts in direct opposition to those
speeches, one of which ^as actually made to de-
monstrate that suph was the nature of property in
slaves that Congress could not nghtfully interfere in
the manner proposed with the children hereafter to be
born of such slaves. He succeeded in defeating that
part of the proposition, and the Journals will exhibit
his vote upon the subject.
Apparently determined not to be outdone by Mr.
Clinton or his friends, two of whom (among the
most conspicuous) had Contended in the Legisla-
ture of New York that slavery did not exist in-the
United States, and that the Supreme Court would
so decide, Mr. King contended that the Constitution
of the United States had not sanotioned slavery; that
it had only forborne to interfere with it, and that if
th§re had been no attempt to tolerate it beyond the
limits of the Old Thirteen, he would have forborne
to express his sentiments upon the subject, but
declaring, with his peculiar emphasis,-.that "his
purpose ivas fixed." He said that one man could
not make a slave of another; that a plurality of indi-
viduals could not do so; and, for the safne reason,
communities, however organized, could not do it;
that all laws or compacts imposing such a condition
upon any Imman being were absolutely void, because
contrary to the law of nature* which ivas the law of
God, and above all human control; that these princi-
ples had been affirmed in the case of Somerset in
England, and that similar judicial decisions had
been made in Massachusetts, and I think in some
other northern State; and he intimated, in language
too distinct to be misunderstood, that it was not
less the duty than the right of this nation to main-
tain those principles.
He declared that if the restriction did not pre-
vail, the northern people ought not to submit, and
that, as one of the original parties to the compact,
he felt himself in honor bound to resist. All of
which he expressed, not as ebullitions of passion,
but as the settled and deliberate determination of a
mind steadfastly fixed upon the accomplishment
of its object.
His" friends, as well as those who are opposed
to the restriction, were equally surprised by the
undisguised boldness of his views. No one ex-
pected to hear as much from him; and if I am
not greatly mistaken, several of his most intelli-
j gent friends are as much at a loss as we are to
j penetrate his ultimate object. They could not
: account for his determination to renew the discus-
t sion at the time and under the circumstances which
! he selected; all 'thought it unseasonable and inop-
; portune, and some suppose it to have proceeded
f from some new counsels with friends lately ar-
; rived.
It is known, that during the past summer he vis-
| ited Massachusetts, &c. It is suspected that much
j of the excitement in that section of country h#s em-
anated from his conduct, and that his speech may
be intended as the watchword for the commence-
ment of the measures which he and his associates
may have determined upon. I am constrained to
believe, that if he sees that he cannot be Presi-
dent of the United States, he would prefer to be
the first man in a new Confederacy, to be formed
out of New York, New England, &c. His policy
evidently must be to keep the Missouri question
suspended for another year, that he may derive
every possible advantage from the excitement it is
so well calculated to produce. If he can be^made
President—which is probably h;s first object—he
may be wilhrg to preserve the Union.
The crisis is indeed a most auspicious one, and noth-
ing but the prudence and wisdom ojpractical men can
avert the dangers which it threatens. If cither party
completely triumphs, it is much to be feared that the
other will not submit; and I am penetrated with the
deepest regret and horror at seeing that too many on
both sides view disunion icith so little repugnance.
Your Vbginians yielding to the dictates of a pride nat-
ural to such high-minded peqple, are too apt to overlook
consequences; however noble this may be in individuals
acting for themselves, it is dangerous for a politician to
yield himself up to the indulgence of such a spirit. You
calculate that you would remunerate yourselves out of
the public lands; but short-sighted must be that politi-
cian who does not see, that if the AtUmtic States ser-
rate, the western States will become a separate confed-
eracyf, and then, if you get those lands, it must be by
hard fighting.
Your pride revolts at the idea of a compromise of
my kind, and thus is it most completely rendered the
instrument of promoting the ibexes of Mr. King and
his friends, who are dravnng the highest advantages
from the stand you are taking, whilst it aids them,
also, in their endeavors to put down those of our north-
| ern friends, who, in opposition to the popular current
i in their respective States,are firmly identifying them-
selves with us on the present occasion ? Is nothing
f due to the mugncmimity of those gentlemen ? Bui
| what is the question which the proposed compromise
| presents ? It is singly whether you will save any part
of the country•? By the compromise you would give
up nothing which you can retain; while, by seeming
to yield to it voluntarily,,you would*, by manifesting
your own moderation, place your opponents so. muck
the more in the wrong, there bang a large majority ,
in the House of RepresenUdives in favor of restricting
the States as well as the Territories. You have noth-
ing to hope from that quarter, and I can assure you
that there is a very decided majority in the Senate in
favor of excluding slavery from all unsettled territory
north of 36 h degrees north latitude, and I believe, if a %
compromise does not take place, the exclusion will be
general. If it should not happen this year, from the
disproportionate increase of the non~slaveholding popu-
lation, it must eventually succeed.—(See Mr. Hay's
letter, No. 5, above.)
No. 21.
From the Richmond Enquirer, February 19, 1820.
Missouri compromise—Rufus King, &c.—The
letters from Washington £in our last) have had
the effect which we expected. The writer's abili-
: ties are admired; whilst his scheme of compromise *
I has produced one general burst of reprobation.
, What more could have been expected ? Some
| have ascribed these letters to the pen of a Virgin-
ian. Not so; we trust there is no Virginian at
< Washington that would d$re publicly to vindicate -
! a compromise with the Constitution of his coun- ,
< try—this compromise, too, that is so dispropor-
tionate, inexpedient, and unjust. No one here
has advocated- it; there is not one, within our
knowledge,but has sethis face^rmly and unequiv-
ocally against it.
Other States may talk of our pride, they may
charge us with an arrogantand domineering spirits-
some panic-struck politician may regret the heat
of the " Virginians at Richmond99 on a late memor-
able occasion; let them vituperate as much as
they please. We trust that Virginia will-never
sleep at her p«.st; that she will never suffer others
to violate the Constitution in silence, or subscribe
; herself to any compromise with her principles.
1 These are certainly no ordinary times. A storm
: is gathering over our heads which it may be diffi-
cult to disperse. The eastern representatives may
i threaten a dissolution of the Union, or the election
! of another President m spite of these menaces; it
I becomes us to be calm, but unwavering and un-
shaken as Mount Atlas.
We say this firmly and frankly, though we are
not ignorant of the pretensions of those who would
1 fill the chair. Of De Witt Clinton we have never
; concealed our opinion. Ambitious, intriguing,grasp-
: ing in his designs, careless of his means—such is one
of those who aspire to "lord it over Venice." Of
Mr, King, we confess frankly, we had formed a
I different opinion. We regarded him, though a
Federalist, as a high and honorable patriot. But ^
1 that time has passed. In one daring moment
| he has forgotten all the discretion and coolness
; which he has long studied to practise; and now ~ :
he stands exposed in the eyes of his countrymen,
i goaded by an unholy ambition,attempting to clutch *"
the office which we trust will forever elude his
grasp.
We understand that on Tuesday last Mr. Pink-
i ney replied to Mr. King, in a speech of the most
^commanding eloquence. It is said to have been
infinitely superior to his first. His manner to-
j wards Mr. K. was respectful and kind; but he tore
: his argument to atoms. The Senator from New
| York was observed to wince and cower beneath
I the thunders of his eloquence.
