1848.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-m
30th Cong 1st Sess.
Territorial Government of Oregon—Mr. Westcott
■ Senate.
Note P.
i ilougl) draught or'notes of President Monroe's intended
veto message rejecting the Missouri bill, if it had passed
Congress, with certain restrictions, found in his hand-
writing among his papers in possession ot iS. la. (iouver-
neur, Bsq.^1
" Having fully considered the bill entitled, &c.,
and disapproved of it, I now return it to the 
in which it originated, with my objections to-the
same:
That the constitution, in providing that new
States may be admitted into the Union, as is done
by the third section of the fourth article, intended
Shat they should be admitted, with all the rights
and immunities of the original States, retaining,
like them, all the powers as to their local govern-
ments, and ceding to the United States, in the gen-
eral government, all the powers ceded to it by the
constitution.
That if conditions of a character not applicable
to the original States should be imposed on a new
State,an inequality would be imposed or created,
lessening in degree the right of State sovereignty,
which would always be degrading to such new
State, and which operating as a condition of its
admission, its incorporation would be incomplete,
and, would also be annulled, and such new State be
severed from the Union should it afterwards as-
sume equality and exercise a power acknowledged
to belong to all the original State%_
That the proposed restriction to Territories which
are to be admitted into the Union, if not in direct
violation of the Constitution, is kepusk'ant to it's
principles, since it is intended to produce an effect
on the future policy of the new States, operating
unequally in regard to the original States—injuring
those a'ffected by it, in an interest protected from
such injury by the Constitution, without benefit-
ing any* State in the Union; and that in this sense
it is repugnant to the generous spirit which has
[<' so long" erased] always existed and been cher-
ished by the several States towards each other.
That the first clause of the ninth section of the
first article, which provides that " the migration
or importation of such persons as any of the States
now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not
be prohibited by the Congress prior," &c., in
whatever sense the-term migration and importation
may be understood, whether as applicable to the
same description of persons or otherwise, confines
the power of Consyess exclusively to persons en-
tering the United States, or who might be disposed
to enter, prom abroad, and precludes all inter-
ference with such persons, or any other persons, who
had previously entered according to the laws of
any of the States.
That by the third section of the first article—
whereby it is provided repiesentation and direct
. taxes shall be apportioned among the several States
which may be included within this Union, accord-
ing to the whole number of free persons, including
those bound to service for a number of years,-and
excluding Indians not taxed, three-fifths of all
, other persons—[the words " the persons held in
bondage" erased,] slavery as existing under the
Jaws of the several States [the word "were"
erased] was not only recognized, but [the word
41 secured" erased] its political existence was se-
cured to the States, which it would be unjust to
the States within which such persons are, to de-
prive them of, as it would be inhuman to the per-
sons themselves.
That should the slaves be confined to the States
in which slavery exists, as the free population will
continue to emigrate, the disproportion between
them will in a few years be very great, and at no
distant period the whole country will fall into the
hands of the blacks. As soon as this disproportion
reaches a certain State, the white population would
probably abandon those States to avoid insur-
rection and massacre. What would become of the
country m that state? Would the General Gov-
ernment ["protect" erased] support the owners of
the slaves m their authority over them, after the
States individually had lost the power?—or the
slaves being in possession of those States, and in-
dependent oT their owners, would the States be
recognized as belonging to them, and their repre-
sentatives be received in Congress?
That it would be better to compel the whites to
remain, and the blacks to move, &c.
That slavery is not the offspring of the Revolu-
tion; that it took place in our colonial-state; that
all further importations have been prohibited sincc
the Revolution, under laws which are rigorously
enforced; that in our revolutionary struggle, the
States in which slavery existed sustained their
share in the common burdens, furnished their
equal quotas of troops, and paid their equal share
of taxes; that slavery, though a national evil, is
felt most sensibly by the States in which it exists;
that it would be destructive to the whites to con-
fine it there; and to the blacks, as the distribution
of them over an extensive tenitory, and among
many owners, will secure them a better treatment;
that the extensjon of it to new States cannot pos-
sibly injure the old, as they will claim all their
rights, since no attempt can ever be made, or idea
entertained, of requiring them to admit slavery;
ithat an attempt io fix on the States having slavery
any odium, is unmerited, aftd would be ungener-
ous.
Note G.
Mr. Monroe to Judge Roane, of Virginia.
[Copied from the draught found in the Monroe MRS ]
Wa^iii\'gtok, February 16, 1890.
Dear Sir: I have written you before two let-
ters, in which I intended to give as correct a view
as I could of the state of things here in regard to
the Missouri question. I stated that the majority
of States, of physical force, and bventually of votes
in both Houses, would be on the side of the non-
slaveholdmg States; and that if they persevered in
their scheme, and the authors of it should be sup-
ported by their constituents, which now seemed
probable, they would succeed in their purpose,
or the Union be dissolved. I consider this an
atrocious attempt in certain persons to grasp at
power; and, being very artfully laid, as more likely
to succeed than any former effort. I know that
the people to the east are devoted to the Union, as
they are in every other quarter; but still the east-
ern people connect this question with a sentiment
of liberty, without duly appreciating its effect on
the southern States, and are also taught to believe,
under the sectional impression made on them, that
if something like a division is not agreed on, ail
.power will be forever transferred from them. Un-
der these circumstances, this project has better
prospect of success th^n any I have before known.
As to the part which I may act, in all circum-
stances in which I may be placed, 1 have not made
up my mind, nor shall I until the period arrives
when it will be my duty to act, and then I shall
weigh well the injunctions of the Constitution;
which, according .to my understanding of them,
will be conclusive with me. The next considera-
tion with me, will be the preservation of the
Union. - My decided opinion is, that ail the States
composing our Union, new as well as the old,
must have equal rights, ceding to the General
Government an equal share of power, and retain-
ing to themselves the like; that they cannot be
incorporated into the Union on different principles
or conditions. Whether the same restraint exists
in the power of the General Government as to
territories in their incipient and territorial state, is
a question on which my mind is not clearly de-
cided. By ,the Constitution Congress has power
to make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory and other property belonging
to the United States, with a provision that nothing
in the Constitution should he construed so as to
prejudice any claims of the United States or of
any particular State. This provision is the only
check on the power of Congress, and referring
only to the oki controversy between the United
States-and individual States, respecting vacant
lands, within their chartered limits, whose rela-
tive claims it was intended to preserve, has no
operation, as I presume, on the present ease.
The power itself applies to territory ceded by
individual States to the United States, and to
none other. In such portions of territory so
ceded as are altogether uninhabited, the people
who move there under any oidinanee of Congress
have no rights in such-Territory, except such as
they may acquire under the ordinance; the ques-
tion therefore cannot occur m regard to them, ex-
cept on the general principle applicable.to all other
citizens—whether the ordinance be constitutional,
and which, if submitted to the court there, must be
decided against them. If there is any restraint,
then, on the power of Congress, it must be found
in other parts of the Constitution. Slavery is rec-
ognized by it as five to three; but is not the rigjit
thus recognized, that only of the States in whicii
the slaves are, as tfte measure or rule of represent-
ation in the House of Representatives, and for,,
'direct taxes ? It is not a right to the slaves them-
selves, nor, as I presume, to their owners, out of
the States in which they reside. By another cla-use
it is provided that if slaves run away, they may be
pursued, demanded, and brought back to the State
from which they fled. This is aright of the slave-
holding States, and of the owners living in them.
Should the owner mow -to a non-slaveholding
State, he could not avail himself of it there, As ,
slavery is recognized by the Constitution, it is very
unjust to restrain the ownerfrom carrying his slave
into a Territory, and retaining his right to him
there; but whether the power to do this has not
been granted, is the point on which I have doubts,
and on which I shall be glad to receive your opin-
ion. If I can be satisfied that the Constitution for-
bids the restraint, all further inquiry with me will
be at an end.
Should a bill pass admitting Missouri subject to
restraint, I shall have no difficulty in the course to
be pursued, nor shall I in any future'case, respect-
ing the admission of any other new State, as to its
right as a State. Arkansas being organized as a
Territory without restraint, and people having
moved there since, as is understood, it stands on
i the most favorable ground, oil constitutional prin-
! ciples, in the view stated above.
j Considerations of injustice and impolicy also
| merit much attention, and will have their .weight*
I with me. I do not think, supposing the constitu-
tional right to impose the, restraint to exist, for
argument's sake, that Congress oughtto confine the
slaves within such narrow limits, even of Territo-
ries, as might tend eventually to make them a
burden on the old States. How far it may_ be
proper to go on this principle, I shall duly weigh.
If the right to impose a-restraint exists, and Con-
1 gress should pass a law for it, to reject it as to the
whole of the unsettled Territory might, with ex-
| isting impressions in other quarters, affect our
, system. This I should look to with a just sensi-
bility to the parts likely to be injured by such
restraint.
! The pressure of other weighty concerns prevents
my going so fully into this as S should otherwise
do. I have, however, in this and my preceding
j letters, given you a tolerably full view of the state
| of things here. I have also stated in this the point"
i on which I entertain constitutional doubts. We
{ have harmonized much in political affairs through -
j life, and F entertain great respect for your opinion
J on constitutional questions; for which reason I
' shall be glad to receive it on the present one, as
well as on the subject generally.
Very sincerely your friend,
JAMES MONROE.
Note H.
Extracts from Mr. Clay's speech in. th.e Senate of the
United States, 1811, on the hill to recharter a ««-
: lional bank.
! " When gentlemen attempt to carry this meas-
ure upon the ground of acquiescence or precedent,
j do they forget that we are not in Westminster
i Hall? In courts of justice the utility of uniform
decision exacts of the judge a conformity to the
adjudication of his predecessor." In the interpreta-
tion and administration of the law, tins practice is
wise and proper; and without it, everything de-
pending'upon the caprice of the judge, we should
have no security for our dearest rights. It is far
othericise when applied to the source rf legislation.
Here no rule exists but the CoKSTnuno\r; and to
legislate upon the ground meiely that our prede-
cessors thought themselves authorized, under sim-
ilar circumstances, to legislate, is to ^sanctity error
and to perpetuate usurpation."
* * * # # *
" This doctrine of precedents, applied to the
] legislature, appears to me to be fraught with the
most mischievous consequences. The great ad-
j vantage of our system of govermnentoverall otheis
! is, ihat we have a written constitution, defining its
! limits, and prescribing its authorities; and that
