10
APPENDIX *TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec, 20,
30th Cons 2o Sess.
The Tariff-—Mr. Fisher.
Ho. or Reps.
lave elected General Taylor. I know of bo sim-
ilarity in the condition of our country now and in
1815, b'ut in the commercial embarrassments and
{he enormous public debt which existed at those
two periods. In this they are similar. And as the
measures adopted at the fofher period were en-
tirely^ successful in paying off the public debt,
v-'hir:!i the President says " was more than one
hundred and twenty millions of dollars," and re-
lieved the people from their embarrassments, why
not adopt the same policy note for the same par-
pose ?
Upon "the tariff.—Now, sir, having shown
some of the contradictions, sophistry, and prevar-
ications contained in this part of the message, I
• will now devote the residue of the time allotted me
*to the examination of the doctrine it contains upon
the subject of the tariff. This is the more neces-
sary, because all the annual messages of the Pres-
ident, and reports of the Secretary of the Treasury,
from year to year, have teemed with assertions
and arguments against the protective policy and in
favor of free trade, calculated, if not intended, to
mislead the people upon that subject, whether
there was any call for it or not. And, lest our
silence should be construed into an acknowledg-
ment of the correctness of their doctrines and ar-
guments, I'will'now undertake a reply ^
^ Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish the special atten-
tion of the committee to my remarks, as I may
advance some ideas which are not altogether in ac-
cordance with the views entertained by my own
political party. I do not profess to be thoroughly
conversant with this subject, and if I assume posi-
tions which are not tenable, I hope to be corrected
by my opponents, or by my friends.
All'the opposition that exists against the protect-
ive policy, in whatever shape may come, resolve
themselves into these three propositions:
_ First. That a protective tariff is unconstitu-
tional.
Second. That the duty on imports is incorpo-
rated with the price of the commodity, and ulti-
mately paid by the consumer.
Third. That the protective policy prohibits im-
portation, so as to drive us to direct taxation for
the support of Government.
I know of no objections that do not resolve
themselves into one of these three positions. Now,
if all, or either of them, can be substantiated, the
protective policy ought not to be established. And
if they cannot, all objections to it should cease.
First, then: As it regards the constitutionality
of the protective policy, I think there can be no ob-
jection seriously made. It is a policy coeval with
our Government. The very first Congress that
assembled under the Constitution, and the second
act of that Congress, cnacted a protective law, the
preamble of which expressly declared, that it was
" for the collection of revenue, and for the en-
couragement and protection of our manufacto-
ries." This policy originated with the framers of
the Constitution, and the principles of protection
being retained in every tariff law that has ever
been enacted in the United States from that time
till the enactment of the existing law, it seems to
riie should forever settle the question as to the con-
stitutionality of protection. If it does not, I can-
not hope to do it by any argument I can adduce.
But I feel so confident that this objection is'only
resorted to as an excuse to oppose protection with-
out seriously believirig it to be a valid one, that I
will not consume my time in trying to answer it
but will pass on to the next proposition. '
Second. The most formidable objection to the
protective system is, that the consumer has the
duty to pay. Many take for granted that this is
true, without at all looking into the evidence to
see whether it is sustained by facts or not. I know
that this doctrine has been asserted and reassert-
ed, iterated and reiterated, by the President and
Secretary, in all its different shades and forms, to
render a protective tariff hideous in the estima-
tion of the people, especially of the agriculturists.
■The President calls it a tax upon the labor of the
country paid to the manufacturer—a bounty—un-
just and oppressive, &c. This implies that the
°} S.u.nty a"uded to is paid by the consumer,
i he tariff is a duty or tax laid upon foreign im-
ports, 1 admit; but the question is, by whom, and
™-Ihu0m5 18 " Paid? The President says it is
P«tt by the consumer to the manufacturer. This
is a mere begging of the question, as logicians
•would say—an assumption without any proof;
taking for granted the very point at issue. Prove
this; and I am afretf trade man. The tariff is a
tax, it is true; 6ut it is not paid by the consumer
to the manufacturer, but by-the foreign importer
to our Government. It is a bounty, it is true; but
it is paid by the importer to'our Government for
the privilege of selling in our market.
'The Secretary, in his annual report of 1845, af-
ter estimating the amount the consumer had to pay
under the tariff of 1842, says: " This estimate is
' based upon the position that the duty is added to
' the price of the import, and also of its domestic
' rival. The merchant advances in cash the duty
' on the import, and adds the duty, with a profit
' upon it, and other charges, to the price, which
' must, therefore, be enhanced to that extent, unless
' the foreign producer had first deducted the duty
' from the price; but this is impossible. The dutj',
' theiefore, must be added to the price and paid by
' the consumer, the duty constituting asmuch apart
' of the price as the cost of production," Tt is a rule
in logic that any argument that .proves against a
-known fact is unquestionably a false argument. It is
' a known fact to Mr. Walker, and every gentleman
upon this floor, that the increased duty of the tariff
of 1842 was not added to the former prices of the
article; that goods did not sell that much higher,
and was not paidfby the consumer; and, therefore,
any argument that goes to prove that it was added'
to the price is positively a false argument. It is
most astonishing what exertions are made by the
President and Secretary to sustain that old theory
of free trade political economists, which has been
exploded a thousand times by practice, experience,
and positive observation.
Now, if his doctrine is true, why not present
the facts? It is capable of demonstration. Had
he just produced the prices current previous and
subsequent to the existence of that tariff, and
compared them, it would at once have settled
the matter. But he well knew that it would settle
it against his theory, and according to truth, and
that was just what he fe&red. On referring to our
experience under the protective policy, if it is
found.that the duty was added to the original cost
of the article, and it sold that much higher, then I
will yield the point.
I call upon gentlemen on the other side of the
House to bring forward the prices current prior
and subsequent to the going into operation of any
of our protective tariffs; and if it is true, as a mat-
ter of fset, that imported goods, wates, and mer-
chandise, subsequent to the taking effect of any
tariff law, sold as much higher than they did prior
to that time as the amount of duty levied, then
they have gained their point; but if they cannot
do so, then they have failed, and should, as honest
men, give up their theory. But this I know, and
they know, they cannot do; for no protective duty,
from the beginning of the Government to the
present time, has ever enhanced the price of goods
generally; it might have had that effect with refer-
ence to some articles; but, upon an average, it
never had, from first to last.
I ask gentlemen to go back with me to the tariff
of 1842; that is within the recollection of us all.
What were its results? Did not the Whigs tell
you and the country that? the duty would not be
added to the price of goods, and that they would
not sell that much higher, but that they would
even sell lower? And was it not contended by
our opponents, from the President and Secietary
of the Treasury down to .the smallest two-penny
newspaper or stump speaker, that the duty would
be added, and the consumer would have it tp pay ?
Well, the tariff of 1842 did go into operation; and
did it increase the price of goods? If so, gentle-
men, you can prove it. Produce the invoices of
merchandise or prices current prior and subsequent I i
to its going into operation, and that will settle the It
matter. But if they should prove that the price of jj
goods did not rise, but actually did fall, which is jj
the fact^then, as honest-hearted men, you should
never m'ake that objection again to a protective
tariff. Here is the whole matter, now comprised
in a nut shell, upon this proposition. But I will
give gentlemen another chance to prove the Presi-
dent's and Secretary's assertions rme. Still more
recently, but two years ago, the tariff of 1846,
which reduced the tariff of 1842 about fifteen per
cent., went into operation. Now prove that the
price of goods have been reduced that per centage,
and it will suffice. Bring forward your prices
current, and let this controversy be settled at once; .
it will save your President and Secretary much '
study and labor to prove a known fact to be false.
Call upon them for the proof; and, if they cannot
furnish it, ask thejn why they are constantly try-
ing to deceive the people by attempting to make
them believe that which they know is not true. It
is true, that about one year after the tariff of 1842
took effect, raw eotton rose in price, and, of course,
cotton goods rose also; to this, I suppose, the eot-
ton planter had no objection.
Now, sir, facts are stubborn things* and the
President ]cnows, and we all know, that what I
•have stated with regard to the practical operation
of the tariff is true; but because they cannot under-
stand the modus operandi, they deny the fact; so,
many men have denied theirown existence, because
they could not understand the'maimer of their ex-
istence; but intelligent men just laughed at their
folly. We all know the fact, that prior to the tariff
of 1842, many of our manufactories had to stop,and
the operatives were turned out of employment; but
after the tariff of 1842 took effect, they again went
into operation, and they employed their operatives
and laborers at good prices, and yet the prices of
goods were reduced. This our opponents seem
not to understand, for they can see protection in
nothing but increased prices; and hence, because
manufactories that had previously stopped after-
wards went into operation, they argue, from that
fact, that prices did rise, when they know they did
not. Say the free trade men, if the duty is not
added to the price of the article, it will not give
protection. Now, "I take precisely the opposite
position, and say,vif the duty is added to the price
of the article, it will not give protection. Here we
are perfect antipodes. Our opponents are in error, *
and that error arises out of a misapprehension of
what it is that gives protection. As I said, they
can see protection in nothing but high prices, when,
in truth, it does not consist in that, but in a regular,
firm, and ready market in which to sell. High
prices will' not always furnish this. No matter
how high the prices are, manufactories muststopif
they cannot sell. High prices will rather prevent
protection, because it will induce the importation -
of more foreign goods, and thus diminish the sales
of domestic goods.
Were you, sir, to order your son to go and
protect your crop of corn against the ravaees of
your neighbors' beasts, .which- had broken into
your field and were destroying your crops, what
would he understand by the word protect? If he
understood it as the free-trade linen do, he would
go into the field and cultivate the ground, and pay
no attention to the beasts; but I think you would get-
but little corn, no matter how well it was cultivated.
But were your son a Whig, he would go and drive
the beasts out of the field, and put up the fence.
This he would call protection. Foreign imports are
brought in and glut our markets, and the higher
the prices the more will come in, and the less we
will be able to buy. Protection, then, means 'to
keep them out to a certain extent, so as to give the
market to our own mechanics and manufacturers.
Mr. LAHM said: He understood his colleague
that the object of protection was to drive foreign-
ers out of the country, and keep the maiket ex-
j clusively for ourselves. He asked the gentleman,
[ would he be in favor of making his protection so
high as to bring about that result?
Mr. FISHER. I said in the outset that thefriends
of protection never contemplated having a tariff so
high as to amount to entire exclusion of foreign
manufactures; but they did desire to exclude
enough of certain goods to give to, our manufac- .
tures a ready market.
Mr. LAHM wished to know where the gentle-
man would stop when he drew the line of demar-
cation between exclusion and prohibition ?
Mr. FISHER. The party with whom I act have
always contended for a revenue tariff, with dis-
criminations in favor of protection; and for that
purpose would prohibit the importation of certain
articjes. Under the tariff of 1842 we received
about one hundred millions of foreign dutiable im-
ports annually. The duty upon these goods pro- .
duced sufficient revenue to support the Govern-
ment, and to put the^ublic debt in progress of pay- •
