1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Hunt.
Ho. OF li
than $120,000,000, and had a surplus in the treas-
ury of forty millions; near thirty millions of which
were distributed amongst the several States—in
1836 or 1837. What a commentary this is upon
the labored effort of Mr. Walker to prove that
protection would cut off all our revenue! It always
requires much more labor to prove an error to be
true than to show truth itself. Here was the truth,
, lying at Mr. Walker's feet, contained in this short
history of our national affairs, and of such recent
date that I cannot tell how he came to overlook it.
He must have lost much time in framing arguments
to evade the truth.
But there is quite a contradiction between the
President's message and the Secretary's report;
for, whilst the President is proving that a protect-
, ive policy brings millions of surplus money into
• the treasury, Mr. Walker is.racking his brains to
prove that it does not bring any-at all. So they
. have completely used each other up—they forgot
•' to compare notes.
What objection can now exist against a pro-
. tective policy, either north, south, east, or west?
If, then, as I have shown, it is constitutional, it
does not enhance the price of goods, nor cut off
_ our revenue by prohibition, but simply furnishes
' a market for all our goods, wares, and merchan-
1 dise, and, as a consequence, for the planters' cot-
ton, the farmers' produce, and for the laborers'
services; these all are but links in the great chain,
which must follow each other. Break out one
link, and you shock all, from one extremity to
the other. The different employments in our
country are so closely united in interest, that it is as.
impossible to legislate so as to seriously affect any
■ one occupation, for weal or for woe, without af-
fecting all others in a like manner, as it is, sir, to
amputate one of your limbs without affecting the
other members.
Again: I suppose it is so, that the cotton plant-
ers, in general, do not look upon a protective pol-
icy very favorably; but the reason why, I never
could fully understand. I know that they do not
have to pay the increased duties, by an enhanced
price for their goods. I know, too, that the price
of their cotton is lower now, under the existing
tariff, than it ever,was under the protective policy.
It is said that they do not require a direct duty upon
their cotton to protect them against foreign compe-
tition; neither does the farmer. But they require
a competition in markets for their cotton, as much
as the farmer does for his wool and other produce;
and this can only be accomplished by btiilding up
a home market to compete with the foreign market;
and this gives them the advantage of both, instead
of being at the mercy of but. one. And if they
destroy our home market, by driving, or suffering
foreigners to drive, our mechanics and manufac-
turers out of their shops into other pursuits, if c6t-
ton growing offers a bettgr reward than anything
else, they will go into that business of course, and
so increase the number of planters. The truth is,
the free-trade theory is contradicted by universal
experience, and the every-day practice -of those
who advocate it in their own private affairs. If
men were to lay aside their old books on political
economy, and consult their own experience and
the common current of trade, and how they manage
their domestic concerns, they would be at no loss
upon this subject;-for nations are but families upon
a large scale, and are required to be managed in
the same way. When 1 speak of laying aside the
old books on political economy, I do not mean that
they shall not be read; read them, but do not adopt
their theories where they are contradicted by facts';
and experience. ;
I therefore appeal to the experience of every j
gentleman upon this floor, to the history of our !
country, and to the whole people of the United j
States, to say whether the doctrine of the President;
and the Secretory, " that the duty is added to the
price of the goods, that they sell that much higher, 1
and that protection will cut off all our revenue," ;
has not been contradicted, invariably, by thepiac- |
tical results of that policy ever since we were a
nation ? I know there can be but one answer given j
in truth, and that is, that it does. If the duty i
was added in 1842, it has not been taken off; for !
goods, upon an average, are not reduced in price. ;
Then where is the advantage? Being a plain
wan, I have spoken plainly, and hope I am un- ]
derstood. i
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
SPEECH OF MR. W. HUNT,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
December 20,1848.
The House having resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the reference of'the President's Message, (Mr.
Thompson, of Indiana, in the chair,) the question pending
being the motion of Mr. Rumsey to refer that portion of the
Message lejating to the tarilfs of 1842 and 1846 to the Com-
mittee on Manufacture?—
Mr. HUNT said: The gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Batly,] who addressed the House yester-
day, had objected to referring that portion of the
President's message which relates to the tariffs
of 1842 and 1846 to the Committee on Manufac-
tures, from an apprehension that it might be made
the subject of "an electioneering document." The
bare suggestion that a report may be made on the
protective policy, by a competent committee of the
House, in reply to the assumptions and arguments
of the message, seemed to excite the gentleman to
unusual vehemence, and almost to move him from
his propriety. The supporters of the Administra-
tion manifest a strong antipathy to political docu-
ments, unless, perchance, they emanate from the
Executive. Notwithstanding their aversion to mo-
nopolies, they claim the sole manufacture of " elec-
tioneering documents" as an exclusive prerogative
of the President. It belongs to him to assail oppo-
nents, to denounce their measures, and impeach
their patriotism. He is commissioned, it would
seem, to promulgate political disquisitions and
partisan appeals; but when we propose tcr refer his
statements to an appropriate committee of Con-
gress for calm investigation, we are admonished of
the impropriety of sending forth party reports un-
der,the sanction of the House; and the Committee
on Manufactures is specially objected to, on the
g"round that a majority of its members are politi-
cally adverse to the Administration.
At every session, of Congress, year after year,
the President sends in his annual message, which is
followed by aperies of special messages, submitting
his views of political doctrine and public affaiis.
Not content witji a discharge of the constitutional
requirement " to give to Congress information of
the state of the Union, and recommend to their
consideration such measures as he shall judge ne-
cessary and expedient," he volunteers to go beyond
his duty, notoriously transcending his proper func-
tions to take a part in the political discussions of
the day. Nor is he satisfied with his abortive es-
says in defence of his measures and the doctrines
of his party. He chooses to assume an offensive
attitude, and assail those who dissent from his
infallibility, indulging in wanton and ungenerous
reflections upon their purposes and motives. Did
a portion of the intelligent and reflecting people of
this country express their disapproval of the usurp-
ation of the war power by the Executive, by
which he involved the nation in hostilities while j>
Congress were in session, without their knowledge ||
or sanction: the President was prompt to arraign j:
them in his annual message on a charge of " moral
treason," imputing to.them a want of fidelity to |j
their Government, and a design to afford aid and j,
comfort to the enemy. Do any 5f us contend for j!
a just and enlightened policy, which will sustain!!
our national interests and protect American indus- li
try: the Chief Magistrate modestly asserts that j
we seek to subvert our republican system of free I
government by introducing here the oppressive '
institutions of Europe. Yet, when we desire to"'
vindicate ourselves apd our measures from these i
false imputations, and to present our policy in its I
true light to the country, we are reminded by his \
satellites here that it is unbecoming the dignity of
Congress to promulgate documents of a political 1,
character. To such a height has Executive inso- ij
lence reached, even at this youthful stage of the
Republic!
Mr. H. said he had hoped, after the recent ex-
pression of the public will upon the measures which '
divide parties, after the American people had pro- |
uounced their verdict upon the merits of the Ad-
ministration, that the President would have felt,
the propriety of confining himself to an honest ji
exposition of the state of the public service, com- II
municating only such legitimate information* and
recommendations as might tend to promote wise
and intelligent legislation. We had a right to an-
ticipate, under presentcircumstances, that he would
forego the indecent practice, so long indulged in,
of reproaching his opponents and misrepresenting
their aims and intentions. But " the ruling passion
is strong in death."
[Mr. TcRNEB.here-interposed,and inquired what
questions the gentleman from New York consid-
ered to have been decided by the people in the
recent election ?]
Mr. H. replied, that he intended to touch upon
that subject directly. But, as the gentleman ap-
pears to be impatient for an answer, he would
inform him^that one material question, at least,
had been put at rest by the recent election. The
present Executive, and the measures of his Ad-
ministration, have been signally condemned by
the American people. They have decreed that
the action of the Government shall be changed, as
well in its foreign as its domestic policy.
Before he was interrupted, he was about to ex-
press his regret that adversity had not inspired the
President with wisdom and forbearance to forego
1 political discussions on this occasion. He could
have wished, that instead of wrestling with (he
popular judgment, he had received its rebuke with
a graceful deference, yielding to the public voice,
if not with a leal, at least a seeming respect. Even
an expiring dynasty may engage the sympathy, if
it cannot claim the respect, of the world, by ele-
vation and dignity of bearing under misfortune.
But the Executive breast is agitated by a spirit of
contention to the last. The President is eager •' to
fight his battles o'er again;" his perturbed temper
rejects all repose, and allows no truce to the enemy.
: On the present occ^ion, he has exceeded his usual
license, and, if it were conceivable, has outdone
himself. It may be doubted^ if an Executive
document was ever submitted to Congress so re-
markable for its exuberance of party spirit, so
unblushing and arrogant in the tone of its parti-
sanship, or evincing so desperate a determination
to stand before Congress and the country on mere '
party issues. Like some former communications,'.,
it proves that the Executive is incapable of candor
in presenting subjects of a political nature. In his
eagerness to cover his opponents with odium, and
to magnify his own public virtues, he has shown
himself dead to every sentiment of justice and
impartiality. Bold and reckless in assertion, ever
ready to suppress some facts and exaggerate others,
to mutilate history to sustain an argument, urging
the absurdest inferences with the coolest assurance,
equally licentious in unjust imputations and vain-
glorious in self applause, he is evidently insen-
sible to the proprieties of his position, and wan-
tonly defies the restraints of official elevation and
enlightened public sentiment.
It is fortunate, for the cause of truth and for the
liberties of mankind, that rejected rulers are not
received as the most reliable historians of their
own times and conduct. If the protestations of
discarded ministers are to be regarded as proof of
their disinterestedness and patriotism, it would ap-
pear that those who have been most emphatically
condemned by the general voice for usurpation or .
abuse of power, and whose sway was most odious
to the governed, in reality suffered martyrdom for
their public virtues, and possessed the strongest
claims upon the grateful affections of mankind. '
Admit the State papers and official manifestoes pro-
mulgated by governors ejected from power by the
popular^will, whether in ancient or modern times,
as authentic historical evidence, and we are almost
iorced to conclude that the people were always
wrong, and their rulers ever in tile right. They
would make it appear that the greatest tyrants
were the greatest benefactors, animated by the
highest motives and the purest patriotism. If they
have usurped power, it was from an excessive de-
sire to guard public freedom from danger. If they
invaded popular rights, and overleaped constitu-
tional barriers, it was to protect the people from
evil designs at home or abioad, and to establish
their liberties on stronger foundations. Listen to
expiring dynasties, and it shall seem that the best
and wisest rulers were expelled from power be-
cause nations were incompetent to appreciate, or
unworthy to enjoy, the blessings of good govern-
ment. Unhappily for the fame of tyrants and
