w
APPEWDIX TO TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 20,
h Cong 2d Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Hunt.
Ho. of Reps.
"demagogues, the opinions of the world are shaped
by more impartial annals. The judgment of man-
kind is governed by the blending currents of co-
temporaneous. testimony, proceeding from purer
sources, and forming the great stream of history,
by which a knowledge of ev«nts and their causes
is conveyed to posterity.
A portion of the message is evidently intended
as historical, and may be regarded, as an appeal
from the popular Verdict to the arbitrament of pos-
terity. -As the President recounts his services, and
portrays the beneficent effects of his measures, we
are almost persuaded to renounce the convictions
produced by our own knowledge and experience,
and to adopt a belief that he has done more for the
welfare and prosperity of the country than all his
predecessors. If we may judge from the tone of
complacent triumph which he assumes, the people
of-the United States have the highest cause for
gratitude, instead of censure, and are under obli-
gations to the Administration which-they do not
adequately appreciate. Why, sir, what has not
this Administration accomplished? It has made
war, and made peace; annexed Texas, New Mex-
ico, and California; it has overthrown the protect-
ive system, and established the free-trade tariff of
1846; restored the sub-treasury; created ,a vast
debt; prevented the waste of public money on the
improvement of harbors and rivers; maintained
the veto; enlarged, by construction^and assump-
tion, the'Ifxecutive authority to an extent hardly
dreamed of before; and suppressed the exercise of
great substantive powers, created by the Constitu-
tion for the welfare of the people and the protec-
tion of national interests. These are its claims to
public gratitude.
Mr. H. said he believed his democratic friends
professed great confidence in the American people.
Of course they will allow that they are an intelli-
gent, thinking people, competent to judge of the
measures of Government and the merits of their
public agents. Patriotic and virtuous themselves,
they are not inclined to distrust those whom they
have plafced in power; and rarely abandon them
until convinced-that their policy is pernicious, and
that they have fallen short of their obligations to
the country.
It is evidently unaccountable to the friends of
the President, that such a people should reject an
Administration which .so confidently challenges
their approval; an Administration which claims so
large a share of glory for its conquests abroad,
and ils beneficent policy at home; so prolific of
measures for the prosperity of the country; so
intent on promoting the national welfare; and
professing to be guided in all things by a faithful
observance .of the Constitution*, turning neither to
the right hand nor the left.
If we admit the President's estimate of the
value of his services, and the effects of his meas-
ures, he would confess it seemed passing strange
that the people should have desired a change. But
they adopt a different estimate, and judge the Ad-
- ministration by a higher standard of patriotism.
The triumphant tone and self-laudation of the Ex-
ecutive finds no response in the public breast.
Gentlemen on the other side confidently ask
what it is that the people have determined by the
recent expression of popular opinion? It is not dif-
ficult to- answer them. He thought the people
had declared their wishes in language too plain
and decisive to be mistaken. The conduct and
policy of the Administration had been distinctly
submitted to them for their approval. They were
invited to sanction its measures, and^estabhsh
them as the permanent policy of the Government.
But, instead of confirming, they rejected the pres-
ent system of administration, and declared for a
liberal, enlightened, and American system. They
have condemned the whole series of measures
upon which t.he President has taken his appeal to
posterity. No impartial observer can fail to see,
in the late expression of public sentiment, a de-
termination to reform abuses, and restore honest,
patriotic counsels in the conduct of our national
affairs, both foreign and internal; to rebuke usurp-
ation, and arrest the daring encroachments of
Executive power; and to reestablish in Congress
its rightful control over the legislation of the
country. t
The Whig party had arraigned the Administra-
tion before that great popular tribunal to which all
political disputes must be finally referred. Those
party questions which have been so freely dis-
cussed in Congress were submitted5 to the people.
We averred that the President had plunged the
country into war by a mere Executive act, in
which he substituted his arbitrary will for the con-
stitutional action of Congress. In other words,
we contended that he had usurped the war power,
so jealously guarded by the framers of the Consti-
tution, ahd vested exclusively in Congress. He
would not at this time enter into a discussion of
the motives, objects, or consequences of the Mex-
ican war. That was foreign to his present pur-
pose. He spoke of its origin. It had its begin-
ning in an act of Executive'usurpation; a military
rescript ordering an invasion of foreign territory
by our troops without the knowledge or consent of
Congress. Commenced in usurpation, a similar
disregard of constitutional' restraint was equally
conspicuous in its prosecution. Every step was
marked by some new and flagrant encroachment.
The President assumed power to erect a military
government in territory which he had uniformly
maintained to be part and parcel of the United
States—to collect revenue in the Mexican ports by
a tariff of duties on commerce, subjecting the prop-
erty of our own citizens to contribution—and to
disburse the money at his own pleasure, without
appropriation by law.
He might point out other instances in the progress
of the war where the Piesident had assumed pow-
ers which, under every free government, and es-
pecially in ours, reside in the legislative depart-
ment, and cannot be constitutionally exercised
without its authority. A great .question of popu-
lar right and constitutional liberty was involved in
the issue—whether these daring freaks of Execu-
tive prerogative should be consigned to history,
with the dangerous force of precedent, resulting
from acquiescence, or stamped as usurpations by
an emphatic sentence of publiccondemnation. That
question, so long disputed on this floor, has been
answered by the people. In this view, more stri-
kingly perhaps than any other, the result of the
election is a triumph of the Constitution, a vindi-
cation of its principles from repeated violations,
arid an assertion of the independence and para-
mount authority of Congress as the law-making
power of the Union.
Mr. H. said he had taken the floor from a
desire to submit some remarks on the topic more
immediately under consideration. Upon no sub-
ject has the position of parties been more clearly
defined than in respect to our tariff policy. The
Whigs have ever contended, and continue to main-
tain, that a system of discriminations, judiciously
framed to afford protection to the industrious classes
of our country in all branches of employment, ag-
ricultural, mechanical, and manufacturing, is in-
dispensable to the national prosperity! The Ad-
ministration and its supporters reject the protective
policy, disavow all obligation to guard American
labor from foreign competition, and assert the doc-
trine that duties are to be imposed for revenue
alone, without reference to the elfect'upon our in-
dustrial interests. According to their theory, the
only legitimate object of discrimination is to secure
the largest possible amount of revenue; and in car-
rying out this principle in the act of 1846, they
have discriminated in many instances in favor of
the productions of other countries, giving the for-
eign manufacturer a direct advantage over our own.
Whilst we would modify some of its details, and
abandon such provisions as have been made un-
necessary by the progress of improvement in cer-
tain branches, the Whigs have not failed to assert
the necessity of restoring the protective principles
embodied in the tariff of 1842. Our opponents have
taken their stand on the tariff of 1846, as the per-
fection of political economy. The issue is well
understood, and was distinctly submitted to the
country. He contended that the free-trade policy j
of the Administration had been thoroughly con- |
demned by the people. They have pronounced j
against it, not only in the Presidential election, but ;
in both the Congressional elections held since the j
passage of the act of 1846. The sentiment of thS |
country on this subject will not be changed by the I
plausible sophistries of the Secretary of the Treas- !
ury, or the deceptive statements of the message. I
It seems the President does not think it inconsist- i
ent with hie character or station to reiterate " the I
thrice-told tale" of political demagogues, so often
heard in party discussions, and so conclusively
answered by experience. He repeats the exploded
dogmas of free-trade theorists, distorting facts to
sustain his positions, and employs language in-
tended to excite jealousies, and array classes in
unnatural hostility, by invidious appeals to popu-
lar prejudice.
Indeed, the President of the United States may
vie with the most mendacious of his partisan sup-
porters in the audacity of his imputations. The
advocates cif protection, who seek to elevate labor
by a system which insures employment and re-
muneration to the industrious, are arraigned as
enemies of the working classes; whilst he who has
prostrated many branches of industry by opening
our markets to other countries, and giving foreign
labor a preference over our.own, claims to be the
exclusive friend of the American laborer, and the
special champion of his rights. We, who have
struggled to maintain the prosperity of the whole
people by making our country independent of for-
eign rivalry, are accused of a deliberate design to
subvert popular liberty by establishing here the
special privileges and oppressive distinctions which
weigh down the masses under the kingly govern-
ments of Europe. Even if self-respect permitted,
he felt sure it was unnecessary to comment upon
pretensions so insolent, and aspersions so wanting
in truth, justice, and decorum.
Mr. H. said he intended to have remained silent
in this discussion, but the bold challenge of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] had prompted
him to take the floor. That gentleman asserts that
the tariff of 1846 had fulfilled all the promises
and expectations of its'friends, and falsified all the
predictions of its opponents; and, with a tone of
triumph, hedefies contradiction. Now, he pro-
posed to join issue with the gentleman in the whole
length and breadth of his declaration, and on some
proper occasion, if any shall arise in the course of
the^session, unless other gentlemen better qualified
for the task (and he knew there were many such)
relieved him of the duty, he pledged himself to
meet the issue.
He thought it would be an easy matter to estab-
lish the, reverse of the gentleman's proposition.
He stood ready to maintain, that in almost every
essential respect, the apprehensions.expressed by
those who resisted the act of 1846 had been fulfilled
by its practical operation, whilst it had failed to
justify the arguments and realize the anticipations •
of its supporters. When the act was under dis-
cussion, its probable effect upon the industry,
finances, and general condition of the country,.was
the great point of difference. We contended that
its inevitable tendency must be to embarrass many
departments of industry and production, and to
prostrate some branches of manufactures without
benefit to any of our great producing interests.
Its advocates insisted that the reduction of duties
would raise the value of all our agricultural produc-
tions, without injury to other branches of-industry.
We were told, that instead of reducing, it would
increase the profits of labor, by relieving it from
oppressive burdens; that production would be
stimulated, and all our national interests advanced
to the highest state of prosperity. Whether these
promises or our predictions have been most truly
fulfilled, is more a point of fact than of argument.
The present occasion would not allow a full dis-
cussion of the subject, and he did not intend to
engage in any elaborate details. But he would"
advert to a few general facts, which he considered
conclusive. In the first place, let us inquire what
was the actual condition of the country at the time
of the passage of the tariff act of 1846.
The protective policy had been in operation for
four years under the tariff of 1842. It had pro-.
duced ample revenue for the wants of Government.
It had imparted a degree of prosperity, almost
unexampled, to ail branches of trade and industry,
as well to the agricultural as the manufacturing
interest. Money became abundant. The increase
of wealth in the country during that period-'was
rapid and substantial. Labor was fully employed
and well rewarded. The effect of that great meas-
ure was to raise the country from the lowest point
of depression to*a healthful state of prosperity.
Yet the free-trade theorists, backed by the political
power of the Administration, demanded and ac-
complished a change. They gave us" the act of
