76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Dec. 20,
80th Cong 2d Sess.
The President's Message—Mr. Hunt.
Ho. or Reps.
towards that dangerous branch of the " American
system" denominated "internal improvements."
The necessity of affording more ample protection
to commerce was one of the prominent causes
which led to the formation of our present Federal
system. It was one of the great purposes of the
Constitution. To carry out this design was one
of the first labors of the first Congress. Prom that
day to the present appropriations have been made
from time to time for the improvement of naviga-
tion on the great channels of commerce, internal
and external. Every Congress, for nearly thirty
years, has passed bills applying some portion of
the public revenue for improvements on the west-
ern lakes and rivers, and on the seaboard. But
now all measures intended to protect and facilitate
commerce by removing the dangers and obstacles
which attend navigation fall under the ban of the
Executive. The suffering interests of the country,
the preservation of life and property, the emphatic
demands of public opinion, the deliberate judgment
of Congress, all are set at naught by the President
The supremacy of the Executive will has been felt
throughout our-borders as a mildew and a curse.
Judicious appropriations have been passed in vain
at' every session of Congress during this Adminis-
tration for the completion of works 'previously
commenced by the Government. Bilk of the same
character had been passed by every Congress for
more than twenty-five years, and received the sanc-
tion of every Chief Magistrate during that period.
Most of the objects rejected by the present Execu-
tive as unconstitutional were approved and the
expenditures upon them commenced by General
Jackson and Mr. Van Buren.
But Mr. Polk asi®mes to be wiser than all his
predecessors. He goes beyond the older abstrac-
tionists of his own school, and rejects appropria-
tions of every sort for the improvement of navi-
gation. He can find no constitutional power to
expend the public money for any useful purpose, or
any work of improvement within the limits of the
United States. On going beyond our boundaries,
into foreign territory, his constitutional scruples
mysteriously disappear. He finds ample authority
to ofi'er Mexico five millions for a right of way
acrossTeliuantepec, and claims applause for secu-
ring a railroad track .across the Isthmus of Panama.
Accoiding to his theory, we have a Smstitution
whose powers quicken and become effective the mo-
ment it is brought to operate beyond the~sphere for
whichit was originally created. Butwhen you pro-
pose to improve the navigation of the waters within
the maritime jurisdiction of the Federal Govern-
ment, by appropriating money to remove snags and
sand bars from the western rivers,and open conveni-
ent harbors on the lakes and the seaboard, the Con-
stitution is dormant; no power can be discovered in
its pl'ovisions, and the conscientious reluctance of
the President to suffer the exercise of doubtful au-
thority, constrains him to bailie Congress and defy
the people. He p.erceives no difficulty in expend-
ing the people's money upon commercial commu-
nications, provided, always, they are out of the
country; but within it, the Constitution is impo-
tent; our commerce is left to it fate,the most vital
interests are sacrificed, and the people's representa-
tives are brought to a dead stand by the caprice of
the Executive. The messagedwells with a pleas7
ing complacency upon the thousands of miles
added to our coast by conquest and annexation,
without expressing a single regret that the innu-
merable bays and harbors thus brought within the
Union (so defective is our Constitution) have ipso
ficto forfeited all claim to government aid and pro-
tection. It is glorious to spend millions in acqui-
ring them, but a violation of the Constitution to
employ a dollar in improving them. j
The arguments of the President on the veto ;
power assume that his personal opinions are to !
outweigh the settled and deliberate judgment ofiJ
the country. On no question has public sentiment"1!
Jbeen more decisive and uniform than in favor of
the constitutional powei and duty of Government
to improve harbors and rivers. Every administra-
tion has .recognized it to some extent; a great ma-
jority of the people have always asserted it; every
Congress has affirmed it. Now, what can be more
arrogant, or repugnant to the principles of our
Government; what so well calculated to brjng this
adrairaole Constitution into odium, as a pretension
that the fixed opinion and purpose of the country
on a question of such magnitude must yield to the
arbitrary caprice of the Executive? One of the
historical facts brought forward in the message
furnishes an unanswerable argument against the
abuse of the veto powe.r.
The President was not satisfied with touching
upon all the questions which have engaged the
public mind during his term. ,Intent on reviving
old quarrels, he has conjured up the ghost of the
United States Bank. Whatever may be thought
of it as a question of taste, none can deny the
constitutional right of an expiring Administration
to seek consolation in its last hours in ghastly ex-
ultations over a defunct corporation, whose fate it
is soon to follow. It is difficult to perceive any
occasion for presenttng that subject to Congress at
the present time. For some years past the ques-
tion of a bank, if not " obsolete,"-has been viewed
as a subject belonging to history. It has not en-
tered into political discussions, or engaged the
public mind. No party has proposed to establish
a national bank since Mr. Polk came into power,
and it is not apprehended that he will be called on
to sign a charter during the few remaining weeks
of his term. There was a time when patriotic
denunciations of the bank were favorably received
at Tammany Hall; but eveh there, and in most of
the party clubs, the subject has been dismissed as
"stale and unprofitable." Yet the President of
the United States could not consent to give us his
last annual message without an attempt to revive
this by-gone controversy, and to fix odium upon
those whose views of the subject may have differed
from his own.
Unfortunately for the President, in his solicitude
to fortify his argument against the bank, and to
weaken the force of President Washington's sanc-
tion of the charter of 1791, he has brought forward
j a historical fact which is entirely fatal" to his doc-
trine of Executive supremacy. It furnishes a con-
clusive answer to all his reasoning in support of
the free exercise of the veto power. When' the
bank charter was sent to President Washington
for his signature, he entertained serious doubts,
both as to the constitutionality and expediency of
the measure. The message states that " these
doubts amounted at one time to a conviction that
it was hife duty to withhold his approval from the
bill." He held it till the last moment permitted him
by the Constitution, " when he finally yielded to
it his reluctant assent, and gave it his signature."
Such was the conduct of the illustrious Washing-
ton when the action of Congress on a great meas-
ure came in conflict with his original opinions.
If the President had studied the philosophy of his
own precedent, he would have seen that it furnished
! the highest authority in favor of a spirit of defer-
i ence on the part of the Executive to the Legislative
1 branch of the Government. General Washington
had doubts as to the existence of the power, and
his individual opinions were adverse to its exercise,
yet he decided as a wise patriot, that while doubts
, remained uponhisown mind, the will of the people,
as declared through their legislative organs, should
prevail; and acting in the true spirit of the Con-
stitution, ovf# whose formation he had presided,
he yielded his approving sanction to the bill.
| The message refers, also, to the example of Mad-
| ison, and adduces his opinion against the bank
! charter in 1791. Yet Madison had the wisdom to
: perceive and the virtue to declare, that when a
| question of constitutional competency has been
determined by the action of thevanousdepartments
' of Government, it must be thenceforth regarded as
1 conclusively settled. Thus, notwithstanding his
! objections to the first bank charter, he yielded his
| original opinion, and signed the bill of 1816.
These glorious examples were left by Wash-
] ington and Madison as a beacon light to guide their '
' successors in all future time. How striking is the ;
i contrast, when' we compare the conduct of Wash- '
I ington and Madison, their respect for the opinions :
' of Congress, with the arrogant pretensions of the i
i present Executive! On one side we behold the ;
i patiiot and the sage, animated by a spirit of true
[ devotion to his country, seeking to conform his !
1 views to the public will, and finally yielding to the i
counsels of Congress a cheerful acquiescencc; on j
the other, a narrow partisan, a self-sufficient, all- !
| sufficient, pretender, assuming to he wiser and bet- \
j ter qualified to decide what the welfare of the people j
requires than their own representatives. 1
Mr. H. said he had not intended to go into a full
discussion of the questions brought forward in the
message. He had alluded to some of them, and
endeavored to controvert some of its positions, from
tin unwillingness that such remarkable assumptions
should go forth without contradiction. With an
Executive so unscrupulous in his official commu-
nications to Congress, free discussion here is ne-
cessary, as well to vindicate popular rights as to
preserve the truth of history. Another considera-
tion had prompted him to speak of the leading
measures,of the Administration at this time.
Efforts are made here and elsewhere to inculcate
a belief that the American people, in the recent
exercise of-their political rights, had been carried
away by blind freak and passion, without any set-
tled purpose; and we are told that the result'decides
nothing in reference to the great questions which
divide parties. Gentlemen contend that the elec-
tion of General Taylor affords no evidence of pop-
ular opinion in respect to the future policy or past
conduct of the Government, and had no reference
to the conflicting measures of the two political par-
ties. If gentlemen on the other side entertain this
belief, he could assure them, sincere as may be
their professions of respect for the people, tjiatthey
have widely mistaken the popular character.
They misapprehend the. real nature of the con-
test which has just terminated. They seem to
forget that the measures and merits of this Admin-
istration were distinctly submitted to the country
by tTie Baltimore Convention. That convention
laid down a platform on which all these measures
( were grouped together, and presented in the most
j attractive colors. The free-trade tariff of 1846, the
j sub-treasury, hostility to internal improvements,
j approbation of the war, and the whole foreign pol-
j icy of the Administration, were put forth as the
| watchwords upon which the Democracy were sum-
| monod to action. In short, it was proclaimed that
the present Administration was to be continued in
General Cass, and he stood pledged before the
country to, maintain all its measures. He was
pledged in favor of its whole policy, internal and
external, and it was well known that his election
would operate asanextension of the existing regime
for four years longer. But the people would not
accept the Baltimore platform or the Baltimore can-
j didate. For the last three years, they had been
weary of the policy pursued by xhe present Exec-
j utive. Since the first year of its existence, the
I Administration has not enjoyed the confidence of
j the country.
j The Congressional elections in 1846 may be re-
| ferred to in proof of this assertion. The President
j came here with a majority in this House number-
l ing nearly two to one; yet, at the first opportunity
! that was presented to the people to speak upon his
| measures, they returned a majority of Representa-
j tives against hirn. Notwithstanding the tnumph-
j ant tone assumed by the President in defence of
his measures, the real sentiment of the country has
been opposed to them from the beginning. In the
recent election, the people have pronounced final
^sentence upon the Executive and his system of
administration.
The American people knew full well what they
desired, and what they were doing, when they
accomplished that great change of rulers which is
about -to restore the Government to its original
purity, and revive the better days of the Republic.
They desired to put an end to Executive Encroach-
ments and Executivecorruption. Theywereresolved
to discard all those party theories and measures
which operate so oppressively upon the industry
of the country; especially the free-tiade system,
which discriminates in favor of foreign labor, and
the sub-treasury, which rejects the circulating me-
dium in common use among the people.
They intended to rebuke the usurpations of"
: power which have marked the course of the pres-
| ent Executive. They sought to arrest the march
I of conquest'; to close the dazzling delusive career
| of glory which was placed before our people to se-
! duce them from the paths of safety and happiness, -
by that class of pretended patriots who, indifferent
to the arts and blessings of peace, are ever ready
to plunge the country into " inevitable war," as
the true road to national grandeur, and the only
agency appointed by Providence for the accom-
plishment of our " manifest destiny." -The peo-
ple desire to see a new order of things. They have
