1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7T
3Q.th Cong.;...2d Sess.
Payment for a Slave—Mr. Meade.
Ho. or Reps.
declared in favor of a just and pacific policy in our
relations with foreign Powers; integrity and eleva-
ted statesmanship in the conduct of our aft'airS at
home; an enlightened exeicise of the useful powers
of the Constitution to accomplish the great ends
proposed by the founders of our Federal system.
The nation demands, and will have, internal im-
provements and protection to American industry.
, A decree has gone forth that Executive supremacy
shall be abolished, and the constitutional supremacy
of thfe Legislative department restored. To insure
a redress of grievances, and a return to Whig meas-
ures, the people have not only chosen a Whig
President, but have again returned a Whig House
of Representatives. From the honest, incorrupti-
■ ble patriot, who has been elevated to the chair of
Washington by the free suffrages of a free people,
we may confidently anticipate a cheerful conform-
m, ity to public sentiment upon all great questions of
national policy. His stern virtues and past ser-
, vices afford the surest presage of his future con-
duct. In the firmness of his character, and the
■ purity of his patriotism,noless than in hisdeclared
opinions, we have the highest guarantee that justice
. and moderation will mspfre our national councils;
that the harmony,of the Union will be cherished,
and its peace preserved; that our free Government
will become, what its founders intended, an active
-and beneficent agency for the promotion of public
happiness and the protection of our national inter-
ests. We "may hope again to see the coordinate
' departments of the Government moving on in har-
mony, each performing its functions with fidelity
in itsc onstitutional sphere of duty; the laws ema-
nating from the people, through the independent
action of their Representatives in Congress, admin-
Jstered with firmness and dignity by the Executive
department; every branch of the public service
animated by patriotism, and invigorated by the
spirit of the Constitution;
payment fob a slave.
SPEECH OF MR. R. K. MEADE,
op virginia,
In the House of Representatives,
January 13, 1849,
On the Bill to pay the legal representatives of Pa-
checo the value of a slave hired by the Govern-
ment during the Seminole war, and sent to the
West with the Indians at the conclusion of the
war.
Mr. MEADE said:
Mr. Speaker: The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Collamer] had justly complained that gen-
tlemen of this House had put forth extreme views
on the subject of slavery. He thought the gentle-
man ought to have had the candor to say that no
such proposition had emanated from southern mem-
bers in this House; that they had never appeared
upon this subject, unless they had been called upon
by the course which the discussion here had taken,,
and then that they had come forward, notfor the
purpose of attack, but of self-defence.
1 have risen for the purpose of discussing the
legal question, and intend to place the Government
in the same situation, in reference to it, that an in-
dividual would occupy who, under similar cncum-
stances, had acquired possession of this negro slave.
I do not intend to enter into the question of the
legality of slavery, or to discuss the right by which
that property was held. If that were necessary, I
might fall back upon the-guarantee that the ances-
^ tors of gentlemen of the North had given to ours
when they sold these slaves; at any rate, we might
.contend that gentlemen of the North-were estopped
from disputing a title which we derived by and
through them.
Mr. GIDDINGS interposed, and said he would
feel under obligation to the gentleman from Vir:
ginia if he would point out, specifically, this guar-
. antee to which he alluded—where it was to be
found. If in the Constitution, let them have the
article.
Mr. MEADE. It was not only in the Consti-
tution, (that was a question which had been so
often discussed that it was unnecessary for him
now to enter into it,) but it arose from that implied
guarantee which all venders of slaves, or any other
property, entered into with-the vendee; and if the
private papers of gentlemen of the South who lived
fifty or sixty years ago could be brought to light,
there would be found, no doubt, express guaran-
tees of the validity of the title acquired to slaves
purchased from northern 'men.
I had not intended even to state the fact to this
House, that every civilized nation on earth, and
every uncivilized .nation, as far as we had any
knowledge, had acknowledged the right of prop-
erty in slaves by owning and using them. The
common law of England, which emancipated slaves
who might tread upon English soil, had never-
theless been set aside, even by that Government,
in favor of the title to property in slaves in their
colonies; and he appealed, not to any municipal
law, but to the uommon law of nations, as the
foundation on which this species of property rests;
and by that law I could take that property into
any country that had not expressly abolished it.
The right to this property had never yet been
denied, except in this country. It was not even
denied by a majority of northern member^ in this
House. A small clique of abolitionists, and some
others—men whose conduct justified the conclu-
sion that they were seeking to dissolve this Con-
federacy—were the only persons of whom he had
ever heard, who seriously denied their title to prop-
erty in slaves.
I had not intended to enter even thus largely into
the question of the right of property in slaves. But
when a man rose to speak upon this subject, espe-
cially a gentleman froth the South,upon whosefore-
head a majority of this House had placed a placard
with the inscnption that he was a reproach to hu-
manity, morality, and religion, it was utterly impos-
sible for such an one to add ress this House without
being carried further than he perhaps ought to go.
I am the last person to discuss the question of sla-
very here; but I am one of those who believe that
the interest and safety of the South require it to
demand of northern members to discuss this ques-
tion no more, or else it could no longer remain in
bonds of fraternity with them. The slave popu-
lation was now in a state of subjection, of obedi-
ence, and even of love to their masters; but if these
discussions were to continue many more years, the
time would come when no southern man could
sleep in his bed without a guard at his door. It
was the necessity of the ease which compelled us
,to require of our northern friends, if they be friends,
that these discussions should cease, and cease of
their own accord. We do not desire to impair the
liberty of speech, or to do violence to that great
right in any particular, but wo will require it, as
an essential to our longer continuance in this
Union, that this agitation must stop. Could any
southern man, with a just appreciation of his honor
and dignity of character, sit here with such a brand
as was placed upon his forehead by a majority of
this House a few days since, and remain perfectly
quiet and undisturbed in his feelings?
If he had a true southern heart, he must rebel
against such action on the part of this House.
When that vote was passed upon the resolution
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Gott,] if
there was a southern iieart here which did not beat
even with rebellion, if gentlemen chose to call it
so, then it was the heart of no true southerner.
Mr. TOOMBS rose to a question of order, and
called for the enforcement of the rule which the
Chair had applied to the gentleman from Vermont.
He thought the business before the House was
about Pacheco and his negro, and he wanted to i
get at it; he did not want this subject discussed at
Mr. MEADE. I did notexpect an interruption '
upon this subject from a southern gentleman, es-
pecially after such a latitude of debate as had been !<
taken by gentlemen from the North. j
The SPEAKER said, the Chair would state to jl
the gentleman from Virginia that when the gentle- | :
man fiom Vermont [Mr. Collajier] had com- |j
menceddigressing,b*y discussingresolutionswhich l>
were not before the House, the Chair had called j,
the attention of the House to the fact, and had j;
stated that the gentleman could not go on without I
the leave of the House. That leave having been |
virtuallygiven, as no objection was made, the gen- j:
tleman was allowed to proceed. "But now, the ■
point being insisted upon, it was not in order for '
the gentleman to discuss the general question of''
slavery. It was proper for him to allude to other
subjects by way of illustration, not of argument.
Mr. TOOMBS said", having called thegentle'man
from Vermont to order for discussing a question
of slavery; he deemed it not only his right but his .
duty to call the gentleman from Virginia'to order.
He insisted upon the point of order.
Mr. RHETT. Was not the gentleman from
Vermont permitted to go on ?
Mr. MEADE said he hardly thought he was
traveling further out of the limits than the-gentie-
man from Ohio [Mr. Giddin<5s] had a few days
since, and he had not been called to order.
The SPEAKER said, the Chair decided that
any diseussion of the resolution introduced a few-
days since by the gentleman from Ohio was not in
order upon this bill. > " - *
Mr. MEADE said ^ he was speaking ,upon the
subject of the Pacheco claims and the ground had
been taken, among others^ by gentleman in this
discussion, that there was no right of property in
slaves.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to argue thatquestion.
Mr. MEADE. Then have I not the right to say
that the agitation of such questions has a tendency
to the disruption of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no objection
to that remark.
Mr. MEADE. I am only amplifying on the
subject.
Since my remarks are rather distasteful to gen-
tlemen , I have no objection to leave that branch of
the inquiry, and proceed to the question, whether
[ this Government was bound to deliver up this
j slave .Lewis to his owner, tRt to indemnify the
j owner for his loss? We all know that the Gov-
t ernment could not be a defendant before a court
of justice, and hence there were no decisions to be
found in our reports which established the liability
of the Government to damages in this form. We
must therefore argue thi3 question- of law solely
with reference to the liability of individuals simi-
larly situated. I intend to place this matter in such
a light that no legal gentleman at least could vote
against this bill, unless it was for some other rea-
son than that this Government wouldnot be bound
to pay foifrthe claim if it were placed in the same
relation to the party as an individual would be.
There were many who would vote against the bill
on the ground that property could not be held in
slaves; there were many who would vote against
it for fear of their constituents at home, or ©f
those who held the balance of power at home, and
under the ostensible plea that the Government was -
not bound. He could not believe that there were
twenty members of the House who would vote
against the bill on the ground that the Government
was not morally bound to make remuneration for
this slave, admitting it to be property; and that the
Government would not, if it could be sued, upon
principles of law and equity, be bound to make
restitution.
The question had been made, whether or not
General Jesup had exceeded his authority in send-
ing this slave with the Indians to the West? Was
it denied that he was the agent of this Government?
If he was the agent, and the officers acting under
him were the sub-agents, the only question to be
inquired into, to fix the liability of the Government,
was, whether his original possession of the slave t„
was lawful? None could deny that he had the
power to make this contract for the services of the
slave; and none could deny, that under that con-
tract, he was bound to redeliver the property thus
temporarily committed to his charge. Was that a
lesal proposition which was to be discussed at this
day? And the only way in which he could relieve
himself, as the agent of the Government, from re-
delivering the slave was, by showing that circum-
stances intervened which made it impossible for
him to do so. If the slave, after being captured
by the Indians, had continued in their possession,
or secreted himself so that he could not afterwards
be found or recovered, the Government would not
be bound to make restitution; for Pacheco, when
he hired this slave at twenty-five dollars per month 
took upon himself all the hazards of war and of
the service for which he hired him.
But the original possession of the slave by Gen-
eral Jesup, under the contract, was a lawful pos-
session, and it was a lawful contract; and after the
