58
,M*PENIHX TO THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
[Jan. 13, |
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Payment for a Slave—Mr. Meade.
Ho. or Reps.
service contracted for had ceased, he was bound by
that contract to redeliver the slave to his owner,
unless some contingency intervened which.made it
impossible for him to do so.
., Mr. PETTIT interposed, and (the floor being
yielded) said, he had no difficulty at all in admit-
- ting that property might be held in slaves; but he
y-wished to ask the gentleman whether, if private
• property, be it,slaves or horses, were captured in
war by the enemy, that private, property did not
become, as a necessary consequence, or per se, (as
John Tyler would say,) the personal property of
the captor? And whether it must not remain so,
not only during the war, but fprever, unless by
the terms of peace, by the stipulations of the treaty
of peace, private property was surrendered ?
Mr. MEADE. I had intended to discuss that
point-, and, in so doing, would give an answer to
the gentleman from Indiana. It had been adverted
to by the gentleman from Vermont. But the fun-
damental error committed by the gentleman from
Indiana, as well as by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, consisted in the idea that the'Seminoles,
whom we were endeavoring to reduce to subjec-
tion, were a nation. They had never been treated
• as a nation. The object of the-Government in
commencing this war with them had been either
to drive them beyond the confines of the country
or to exterminate them. Was that ever the object
in view between nations going to war? Were the
captures made by the Indians during the Seminole
predatory war to be governed by the same prin-
ciples of international law as governed the inter-
course between this country and Great Britain
when they were at war? That was the error into
which gentlemen hM fallen. No gentleman could
contend, with any plausibility, that a tribe of In-
dians, living within a sovereign State of this Con-
federacy, temporarily occupying,- by the consent
of our Government, a small tract of country under
our jurisdiction, was a nation—invested with all
the rights of a nation. Ys/as that the position
assumed by gentlemen upon the other side—as-
sumed as an excuse for their voting against this
bill? Ever since our forefathers landed on these
shores we have been driving these savages before
us, without respect to any of their rights. When
they are among the whites they areoqjy tolerate'd;
and all that we accord them is from a feeling of
humanity. We never did respect a tribe as a
nation.
If there were not legal decisions even; in favor
of the restitution of this slave, or of indemnifying
his master, there was a moral obligation, under the
circumstances, resting upon the Government to do
one of these things; and nothing could relieve gen-
tlemenfrom the necessity ofadmitting this position,
unless they took the ground that there was no prop-
erty in slaves. General Jesup sent this slave abroad
for national reasons alone; from motives of public
policy, (as we are told,) for the purpose of keeping
the country in which "he lived quiet; for he was
turbulent and rebellious. For the good of the coun-
try at laige was this step taken; and it had been
sanctioned and ratified by the Government. How?
By the refusal of the Government to redeliver him
to his owner; by their never complaining to Gen-
eral Jesup that he had transcended his authority m
this matter. Did we find, in the correspondence
of the Executive department, a line which showed
that our Government dissented from that act of;
General Jesup? Was not that, then, a virtual ac-
quiescence and ratification of, the act? Haying
retaken the property which had been hired by an
agen t of the Government, and having obtained pos-
session, did not the'original contract fasten upon
it, and require the Government to redeliver the
property thus retaken, having been placed by the
chances of war in a condition in which it could
comply with the contract? What was it which
relieved the Government from complying with* the*
conditions of the contract? Was the original con-
tract made with Pacheco good or not ? And what
was this contract? It was, that the United Slates
should receive services of a certain character from
the slave of Pacheco, for which Pacheco was to be
paid a certain sum, he running all the hazards in-
cident to the service; but the Government, on the
other hand, of course, binding itself under the con-
. tract to take such care of that property as it would
take of its own. Would any gentleman contend
that a slave belonging to General Jesup, retaken
under the same circumstances, would not have been
retained by him as his property ? Would gentle-
men contend that a wagon and horses impressed
into the service, taken by the Indians, and recap-
tured from them under the same circumstances,
would not have been returned to the owner? The
idea was preposterous. If a wagon and horses had
been taken by General Jesup to transport the In-
dians to west of the Mississippi, would the gentle-
man contend that the Government would refuse to
pay for them ? No such ground could be assumed.
I am right, therefore^ m saying that gentlemen
in voting against this bill were influenced by the
fear that property in slaves would not be regarded
as property by their constituents. Whatever might
be said of southern slavery, he found a slavery in
this House more servile and i%prehensible than
any which existed in the southern States. About
one-tenth of the population of the North had en-
slaved gentlemen to a degree that they dare not
vote their own opinions, but were held in bondage
by a little squad at home, who held the balance of
power between them and their political opponents.
There are honorable exceptions, I know. If gen-
tlemen would at once break those chains, and join
their hands as brothers over the altar of their com-
mon country, and unite in crushing with their heels
these reptiles who are seeking to destroy this Con-
federacy, and to apply the knife to the throat of
the southern master, we should never hear more
of these discussions.
Gentlemen said that General Jesup had exceeded
his authority. Sir, the principal is bound for even
the misfeasance and torts of his agent. We had
heard of a case, which recently occurred in one of
our northern cities, of an omnibus driver, hired by
his master to transport passengers, who had run
over an individual who recovered from the owner
of the omnibus fifteen hundred dollars. Here the
driver was certainly not hired for this purpose, yet
the principal was held responsible for the acts of
his agent. The law books were full of cases of a
similar nature.
But the gentleman had argued that it would be
a dangerous doctrine to the South, if the general in
command of an army was allowed to impress
their slaves and transport them to the free States,
where, of course, not being regarded as fugitive
slaves, they would be entitled to their freedom.
He was perfectly willing to run this hazard. There
would be no justification for such an act, and the
owner would be entitled to redress. There were
iases in which the public safety was superior to
all law. Would it be denied that a general in want
of provisions for his army could go to the nearest
plantation and take them, even contrary to the as-
sent of the owner? A d would gentlemen refuse
to make indemnity for them on the ground that
the general had exceeded his authority, and that
the Government was not bound? There might be
cases in which a commanding general had,the
right to burn the town of his own people : would
i it be contended that such an act was not the act
of the Government? There were innumerable
I instances of impressments made by generals in
■ command, and redress had been sought at the
hands of Government. Had it ever been refused ?
lie referred to the fact that a general order had
been issued from the War Department to deliver
! up to their owners the slaves that had been cap-
; tured by the Seminoles in this war. He read the
r following extract from the letter of Mr. Poinsett
, (then Secretary of War) to General Jesup, dated
I October 7, 1837;
I " With respect to the final disposition of the slaves, [cap-
| tured by the Creek'wauiors,] gieat cdre must be taken thdt,
j as far as practicable, such ot" them as are umavvajs should
! be restored to then owners. The remainder must be kept
' in safe custody, and, if possible, in such manner as will
- enable them to earn the value ot theii subsistence, till the
; close of the war; when, it deemed expedient, those he-
i longing to the Indians can be restored to them; the residue
I remaining foi stieh disposition as may be deemed pioper.
; There does nut seem to me ro he any authority with the K v
; eeutive to send them to Africa, but that measuie can be
j recommended to Congress lor its sanction."
j This letter directed runaway slaves, where re-
captured, to be delivered to their owners. Could
j there be any distinction drawn between runaway
1 slaves taken by the Seminoles, and such as were
seized in the fort in which Dade's command was
j massacred? The i" residue" were to be reserved
| " for such disposition as might be deemed proper,"
J By whom? By the Government. What dispo-
sition was deemed proper of the slave Lewis?
General Jesup thought that he should be sent
west with the Indians, and the act had been •
sanctioned by the Government, inasmuch as the
Government had never complained of it. The
Government was, then, as much bound to make
indemnity for the slave as an individual would be
under the eame circumstances.
Before the railroad between Washington and
Baltimore was constructed, wagons ran as com-
mon carriers between the two cities. Suppose the
driver of one of these had converted the goods
intrusted to him to his own use—the owner of the
■wagon would be responsible. If he was robbed
on the way, and .had afterwards found or recovered
the goods, and refused to deliver them, the owner
of the wagon would be still responsible.
Mr. MEADE proceeded to read several extracts
from the law, as laid down by Judge Story, to for-
tify his position upon the nature of the contract
entered into for the slave, and the consequences
which attached to it.
Judge Story was preeminent among.lawyers; no
northern man would question his authority. He
says (Story on Agency, page 540:)
" But the responsibility of principals to third'persons is
not confined to eases where tlie contract has been actually
made under his express or implied authority. It extends
further, and binds the principal, in all cases where tlie agent
is acting within the scope of his usual employment, or is
held out to the public or to the other party as having com-
petent authority, although he has, in fact, in tlie partic-
ular instance, executed or violated his instructions, and
acted without authority. For in all sucli cases, where one
of two innocent persons is to suffer, be ought to suffer wiro
misled the otherinto the contract, by holding out the agent
as competent to act, and as enjoying his confidence. We
have already seen that this doctrine applies to a large class
of agencies, where the party acts under a general authority,
as contradistinguished frojn a special authority."
Now, sir, the authority of commanding officers
in time of war. is scarcely ever, and from the na-
ture of tlie service can seldom be, specifically
defined. And in this case General Jesup was ,
clothed with general authority to close the war.
The same author says, on page 554:
" It is a general doctrine of law, that although the princi-
pal is not ordinarily liable, (for he sometimes is,) in a crim
inal suit, for the acts or misdeeds of his agent, yet he is held
liable to third persons, in a civil suit, for the frauds, deceits,
concealments, misrepresentations, torts, negligences, and
other malfeasances or misfeasances and omissions of duty
of his agent, in the couise of his employment, although tlie
principal did not authorize, or justify, or participate in, or
indeed know of, sueh misconduct, or even if he forhade the
acts or disapproved of them. In all such cases, the rule
.applies, respondeat superior.'3
No case could occur to which this rule of law
would be more applicable than the case of Pacheco,
even if General Jesup had exceeded his authority,
which is denied. But, sir, the author goes still *
further, and says, page 580:
"The liability of the principal to third persons for the mis-
feasances, negligences, and torts of their agents anil sei vants,
may also arise, although the act is not done, or the wrong is
not committed, within the scope of the ordinary business of
the principal, if it is done or committed, by the previous
command, or with tlie subsequent assent, adoption, oi ratifi-
cation of the principal. 'Titus, it the principal should dnect
his agent to commit a trespass, or to make a conversion of
the property of a third person, or he should subsequently
ratify or adopt the act, when done, for his own use or ben-
efit, he will be liable as an oiiginal trespasser or wrong-
doer."
It has already been shown that this slave was
sent away for public considerations, or, in the
words of the author, for the " use and benefit" of
the public, and that the Government, by its acqui-
escence, had " adopted and ratified" the act.
In controversion of the argument that the com-
manding general should be held responsible to the
claimant, Mr. M. read from the decision of the
ease of Gidlcy vs. Lord Pal mors ton, to show that
a public agent could not be held personally answer-
able for actions of this nature, and that the Gov-
ernment was responsible even for the malfeasance
and torts of its agent, and he proceeded to allude
to some of the considerations of public policy upotl
which such a principle was founded. On tjie au-
thority of the case of Gtdley vs. Lord Palmerston,
Judge Story (page 385) says:
"It has been held that no suit will lie against a person
^who is t*ecretaiy of War for refusing to pay over moneys,
"which lie has received to distribute among ccrtain claim-
ants."
In this case, Mr. Justice Ashhurst observed:
" In great questions of policy we cannot argue
' from the nature of private agreements. Great
' inconveniences would result from considering a
' governor or commander as personally responsi-
