1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
3$th Cong 2d Sess.
Slave Trade in the J)istrict of Columbia—Mr. Sawyer.
Ho. op Reps.
' ble. No man would accept of any office of trust
' under Government upon such conditions." Judge
Story says that this personal responsibility may
be assumed, but " the proofs ought to be exceed-
' ingly cogent and clear, in order to create stich
' personal responsibility in a known public agent,
' and to repel the presumption of law that he con-
' tracts only on the credit of the Government."
General Jesup was the accredited ageijt of the
country; he found it necessary, upon considera-
tions of public policy, to send this slave Lewis out
of the country. Even supposing that General
Jesup had transcended his authority, it was admit-
ted that he had acted in good faith with reference
to the general interests of the country; and, he
asked, should an innocent person be made to suf-
fer inconsequence? Would gentlemen mete out
justice to the citizen with so sparing a hand ? The
Government was bound to make restitution of the
value of the slave. No gentleman would hesitate
to do so if the claim was for other property which
had thus been placed beyond the control of its
owner.
I will now read an extract of a letter from Gen-
eral Jesup to Mr. Poinsett, dated April 9,3837, in
which it was stated that the Indian chiefs had en-
.tered into an engagement " to surrender negroes
taken during the war," and "to deliver them to
the commanding officers of the posts on the St.
John's." I presume (though I have not looked
minutely into the facts) that this slav.e Lewis was
included in this stipulation.
I can see no excuse for gentleman voting against
"this claim. -I have never known a case which
Came before Congress more strongly recommended
by justice. The owner having taken upon him-
self the risk of the chances of war, of the escape,
and of the death of his negro, the Government was
certainly bound, after the service had expired un-
der the contract, to return the slave to his owner;
and being in a position in which it was enabled to
do so, but choosing to send him beyond the reach
of his master, justice most obviously required that
indemnity should be made.
No reason had been assigned to the contrary;
but the objections rested upon the hostility enter-
tained by gentlemen from one section of the coun-
try against the property held by another section.
If southern claimants were refused indemnity in
cases of this description—if the doors of justice
were closed*upon them—and, in addition, if Con-
gress refused to pass the necessary laws to enable
them to recover their fugitive slaves under the ex-
press provisions of the Constitution, he would like
to know of what value was this Union to the peo-
ple of the South ?
When the States of Virginia, the Carolinas, and
Georgia, camc into the Union, it was supposed
-that the Union would be a means by which their
prosperity and happiness would be promoted. Jt
was certainly not intended that, by entering into
this Confederacy, they should be curtailed or re-
stricted in the enjoyment of any right; but, on the
contrary, the Confederacy was regarded as a means
by which all their rights and their future prosperity
would be more fully enjoyed and more perfectly
secured. But has all'this been realized? The
southern States, indeed, had largely shared in the
places of honor and trust in this Union.' I admit
thai her warriors wore as green laurels, and her
statesmen enjoyed as high reputation, as any.
With respect to these benefits, the people of the
southern States had enjoyed their full share. But
to their own enterprise, to their own genius, apd
to their own gallantry, are they indebted for these
things. But, apart from these considerations, 1
would ask, of what value was this Confederation
to the southern people, if their slave property,
■amounting to nine hundred millions of dollars, was
no more to be regarded as a possession of right,
♦and was to be subject continually to the depreda-
tions of the very men who had come linder obli-
gations of mutual protection? Of what value, if the
pi ice in future should be a constant apprehension
of midnight assassination? Upon the pnnciple
assumed by northern gentlemen, if a vessel, laden
with this species of property, were to sail from
the capes of Virginia for the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, an abolitionist captain of a. United States
vessel, acting under a special mission from above,
might seize it, set the slaves ashore on a British
island, and when their owners come in and require
of the Government indemnity for their slaves, they
would be told that the naval commander, acting
under the holy influence of his conscience, was
alone responsible for all the property so lost;'that
the Government could have nothing to do with it;
they might be responsible for the little articles of
property accompanying the slaves, but not for the
slaves themselves. And "the same plea might be
set up by the British Government, or any other
government whose officers might commit a like
aggression. Would gentlemen who hold that slaves
are not property assist us in such a case ? Would
they go to war in our behalf?
I ask, if, at some future day, a hostile foreign
crusade should be undertaken against the southern
States, in order to put down the institution of'sla-
very there, whether, in such event, they could
expect any relief from their northern brethren?
If Charleston, New Orleans, and all the interme-
diate coast, were to be invaded with hostile fleets,
avowing such a purpose, what assistance could
they expect? Was it to be reasonably expected
by the South tKat in such an event the people of
Boston or New York would come forward to their
assistance? JJo, sir; not if all were of the same
mind as some on this floor, (and that they are
rapidly approximating in opinion, no one will
deny.) They would say to the South, We will
take no part or lot in this strife; ye yourselves are
the aggressors in the matter which oppresses you;
and the invasion of your coasts is but a means by
which, in the order of a good Providence, it has
become necessary to chastise you! But if Boston
or New York was sacked, they would expect (and
not in vain) southern men to fly to their relief.
* Consequences like these were intimately involved
in the principle upon which the bill under consid-
eration had been opposed. "Reject it, and no slave-
holder could longer look to Congress for protection,
or to the Constitution as th* broad panoply under
which all may rest m safety. There was an evil
feeling growing out of the agitation of this question
of slavery. A feeling for separation was rapidly
progressing at the Soutlj; and unless gentlemen
here were prepared to tefl the southern people that
they still regarded them as a branch 
Mr. DICKEY (interposing) asked the gentle-
man from Virginia who introduced the bill under
•consideration? Was it introduced by any north-
ern man ?
Mr. MEADE replied, No, sir. But gentlemen
from the North had raised the issue about property
in slaves. Does the gentleman from Pennsy lvania
say that we are not to come here for the restitution
of our property which the Government has appro-
priated ?
Mr. DICKEY. Whenever you bring a well-
grounded claim for property, you may expect it to
be restored.
Mr. MEADE continued. That reply was ex-
actly what I had expected. The people of the
South were to be debarred from maintaining a
claim for property.in slaves; and if they were not
to be allowed by the North to maintain a claim of
this sort, w.as it to be supposed that the North
would aid the South in defence of their right to
this species of- property, even by repelling a for-
eign invasion ? I will say to the House that such
apprehensions prevailed extensively in the South.
The slaveholderdoubtswhetherhisproperty would
be protected by Congress if invaded; and he would I
ask, how long this Confederacy could exist undej- j
the spreading influences of'such an opinion ? Nay, j
he would ask whether, if this bill should be re- |
jected because slaves are not property, it could be [
regarded as a thing very desnable on thfc part of
the South that it should exist at all ? It certainly !
was not, unless the slaveholding States, as mem - '
bers of this great and growing Tlepubhc, could be ■
i allowed to enjoy their rights of property as fully
and as freely as they shared the laurels of their ]
: country's victories and the reputation of her states- ;
1 men. He would like for gentlemen to show in
I, what respect the Union could be considered of the
, slightest advantage to the southern States when-
\ ever a principle like this should obtain the sanction
1 of Congress? For himself he declared, that in
such an event, he would not give the snap of his
:' finger for it. When he took his seat in that body,
' twelve raonthsago, there was scarcely a man of the
ij Seuth who regarded the Union with more reveience
'i thanhedid. Butin the course of the present session
he had witnessed what he considered roost d
attacks upon the rights and interests of the South;
and he had been compelled to listen to the most
opprobrious epithets, employed not only in debate,
but in resolutions which had been passed by that
body. ,
Mr. VAN DYKE (interposing,apd Mr. Meade
giving way) said, if he understood the gentleman
from Virginia, he was complaining of a matter as
the act of the northern members, which was
brought about by the votes of gentlemen from the
South, and in part, as he believed, by the vote of
the gentleman himself. He alluded especially to
the vote sustaining the previous question upon the*
resolution to which the gentleman had just referred.
He would like to know how many southern men
voted to sustain the demand for the previous ques-
tion upon that resolution, by which the House was
forced to the vote, without any opportunity for
amendment or explanation.
Mr. MEADE. I care not how many southern
men tfbted to sustain the previous question. Were
northern men obliged to vote for the resolution? I
voted for the previous question myself, to, disclose
to the South, by a vote on the subject, the danger
that threatened them, and the real-state of feeling
on the part of northern men.* I desire not to
delay, if I cannot prevent, the issue that was
coming upon bs. I perceive the danger, and am
prepared to meet it at the threshold; and I will say
now, that if there was to be any internal commotion
on account of this question, it were better for the
South for it to come at once, and not be delayed
until after years, when the seeds of se.rvile insur-
rections might be sown. It were much better for
the crisis to come now, wljfe the best feeling of
love and confidence between master and slave pre-
vailed, upon every plantation, than for it tVbe
procrastinated till the time when much of this
good feeling might be destroyed; better far that it
should not be delayed till the people of the South
find themselves in the midst of enemies at their
own homes, instead of the friends by whom they
are now surrounded.
Here Mr. Meade's hour expired.
SLAVE TRADE IN THE DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF SAWYER,
OP OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
January 10, 1849,
On a motion to reconsider the vote by which the House had
adopted the resolution instructing the Committee on the
District of Columbia to report a bill to abolish the slave
trade m the Di&trict of Columbia—
' Mr. SAWYER said:
Mr. Speaker: I have heard this question dis-
cussed from time to time, and by one gentleman
after another, until it would really seem there is no
other subject claiming the deliberations of ttys
House but negro slavery. It takes precedence of
all other questions—nay, it elbows all other busi-
ness out of this House. Come up what may, in
steps abolitionism, pushes it aside, and appropri-
ates to its own use the time which properly belongs
to the people—the white people—the people who
constitute this great nation. Nearly half the ses-
sion has already passed.. There are now on the
calendat' some seven hundred private bills yet to
be a,cted upon, and nearly two hundred of a gen-
eral and important nature, in which every citizen
of this Republic is interested? besides, petitions
are coming m daily praying Congress to legislate
upon many subjects which the petitioners deem
worthy of the consideration of their representa-
* The resolution called " Goti's lesolution" was offered,
and the previous question demanded by the mover. Mr.
ihuacos, of Georgia, moved to lay the resolution on the
table, which gentlemen from the North lefused to do. The
prev ious question was sustained by a majouty of nearly two
: to one, and the resolution adopted by a majority ot ten,
; everj northern man voting for it except seventeen. The
resolution is in these words:
<  Whereas the tialfic now prosecuted in this metropolis? of
the Republic m human bemga, as chattels, ^ conti ary to'
natural justice and the fundamental principles of our polit-
ical:?) stem, and is notonously a reproach to our country
throughout Clm-tendom, and a serious hinderance to the
proyres< of republican hbei ty among the nations ot the earth:
Thcieforc,
"Resolced, That the Committee for the Di?trict of Colum-
bia be m&tmctud to report h bill, a-? soon as practicable, pro-
hibiting the slave trade in said district.*'
