APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Jan. 10,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slave Trade in the District of Columbia—Mr. Sawyer.
Ho. of Reps.
tives here; and yet, from mofning to night, day
after day,-and week after week, nothing is talked
of here, nothing can get a hearing that will not
afford an opportunity to lug in something about
negro slavery. It is negro in the morning—the
poor negro at noon—and at night again this same
negro is thrust in upon us. Sir, I am heartily
tired of this nigger business. I want a change. I
- beg gentlemen to remember there are some white
people in this,country, and that these white people
-are entitled to some consideration—rather more I
think than the blacks; at least, my sympathies and
affections lead me to this opinion. Yet, a stranger,
unacquainted with the real condition of things here,
"on listening to the debates on this floor, would
come to a different conclusion—would very natu-
rally suppose that Congress was instituted mainly
for the benefit of negroes. And I begin to fear
that the hundreds of American citizens who hav6
presented claims for the consideration and action
of Congress may come to the same inference.
There are, too, large numbers of petitions before
us praying Congress to^ adopt various measures,
some intended to have a local and some a general
bearing. Are these petitioners not to be heard ?
Are they to be crowded out of Congress by--niggers?
Are they to be told that the negro, whom they only
know as inferiors, wield a superiorinfiuence in this
House? Sir, no gentleman here will speak out
and say " yesBut it is an old saying, and time
has approved it true, that " actions speak louder
than words." And the actions of gentlemen here
answer these questions in a very different language
from that their lips would give. Their constitu-
ents may be satisfiedwith this difference between
words and action^fRhey may open their ears to
the one, and close their eyes to the other. But, sir,
the constituency I have the honor to represent are
not of this stamp; they ai;e an intelligent and inde-
pendent people, far above the craven's favorite
game of hide-and-go-seek; they like plain dealing;
they like to see a. man's words and actions corre-
spond; they do not recognize the nigger as an equal,
far less a superior; they expect their Representa-
tive to look to their interests, and not to waste his'
time in mischievous endeavors to hoist the nigger
into the social scale with them. They prefer to see
such measures as are calculated to promote their
own happiness and prosperity pushed along.
It is now two yeare since I bad the honor.to in-
■ troduce intq this House a bill for the graduation
and reduction of the price of the public lands, and
to give to every poor man and to exery poor woman
who is the lieod of a family one hundred and sixty
acres for a home, free of cost. This bill has never
been acted upon, notwithstanding my repeated ex-
ertions in its favor. The benefits that would arise
from the operations of such a law to that portion
of the State which I have the honor to represent,
are incalculable. There are large tracts of Govern-
ment lands there which, at the present price, will
not sell in many years. This is a very serious
obstacle in the way of the improvement of that
poition of the State. Many parts are as yet^but
sparsely settled, and neighbors find themselves
separated by broad tracts of public land, the price
of which is too high to induce persons to buy and
settle. Families are thus placed too far apart to
unite in establishing schools, and to enjoy that fre-
quent interchange of society and good offices which
settlers in new countries have so much'need of.
Where settlements are retarded by large bodies of
public lands, roads cannot be worked to any ad-
vantage. Every man has enough^to do on his
own land without making roads through the public
domain. The Government, too, is the loser by
this miserly system.
The wealth and strength of a nation consist in
the numbers and prosperity of its people. The
public lands ate not national wealth until they are
.settled, improved, and made productive. Then,
indeed, the Government derives benefits from them,
and not till then. By the cultivation of these lands
the exports of the country are greatly increased,
, and in proportion to this increase will be the de-
mand for those articles on which the Government
receives a tax, and of this tax her revenues are
made up. It ii therefore the duty and interest of
the Government to offer every facility for the set-
tlement and improvement of these lands> And I
believe it could ado.pt no plan better calculated to
turther this great object, than to give to every .head
of a family, man or woman, a quarter section,
upon the express condition that they live upon and
improve' it. Thus would? be plaeed in the hands
of poor and industrious persons the means of ob-
taining those articles on which the revenues of the
Government are raised; and the settler would
thereby render an ample equivalent for the home
he would receive. * '
But there is another reason why lands should
be given to such persons.as are not able to buy.
It is the duty of the Government to aid, protect,
and encourage industry; and there is no better way
to do these than to place before the laborer proper
inducements to exertion. Give him a little tract
"of land where he can rtiake a home, and feel cer-
tain that every stroke of labor he makes is for his
own and his family's benefit, and not to be divided"
with others. He can sit down under his own
■"vine- and fig-tree," with his wife and his little
ones around him, without fear of being driven
away at the will of a captious landlord. Thus
will industry receive its proper reward, and the
certainty of this reward will act as a stimulus to
exertion. This is the way to make a wealthy
country, and an industrious, virtuous, and pros-
perous population.
TJhere is much land in the northwestern part of
Ohio as rich as any in the world, but covered with
such heavy forests that few men can afford to pay
the present Government price for it, and then clear
up their farms. They can put their money to
more profitable uses. And for these reasons, this
fertile region in many parts is but sparsely inhab-
ited. But give these lands to the hardy but poor'
pioneer, and this wilderness will -soon bloom as
the rose; the sound of the axe will be heard in
every direction, and'the crash of falling trees will
attest the energy with which it is wielded; and the
crackling flame and curling smoke make Indian
summer for the sturdy laborer within his clearing.
Thftrfi will hft fVArw ThurfiHair. or H
There will be "rollings" every Thursday, and
" raisings" every Saturday. The dinner horn will
be heard across broad fields, and will be answered
by the keen appetites attendant upon honest lab'or.
The music of the spinning-wheel will echo back
the gayety of the happy-hearted lass. Little boys
and eirls, ruddy with health and made cheerful by
plenty, will crowd the forest paths to schools.
Good roads will thread the wilderness, and upon
them will be seen hundreds of hardy farmers
wending their way to markets with the products
of their own labor, and returning with presents
for their little children, and comforts and conve-
niences for their families. And in this demand
for foreign productions in exchange for our own,
the Government will very soon receive four times
the value of the lands it gives to produce this glo-
rious result. And here, too? in times of war, the
Government will find soldiers; and in times of
peace a happy and prosperous people. And what
more can it reasonably desire? Upon every con-
sideration of humanity, of justice, and of sound
policy, this plan of disposing of the public lands
ought to be adopted.
All agree that air and water belong to the human
race in common, and laws are enacted to protect
all alike in their enjoyment of them, because man
cannot exist without them; and yet land is just as
necessary to his existence as either of these ele-
ments, and yet its use is- circumscribed, confined
to those who have money to buy. This should
.not be so. The great secret of American prosper-
ity is in -our liberal land system—liberal compared
with that of other governments, yet capable of
great improvement; and the faster that improve-
ment is made the more rapid will be our progress
to that glorious destiny before us. This, sir, is
something in which my constituents feel an inter-
est far deeper than in any nigger question you can
kept out until the great interests of the nation
could have received the necessary action; it is a
subject of minor, or rather of no importance to
my constituents; there are other subjects before
this House of far greater interest to them. The
House is spending its time day after day without
any beneficial result, in the discussion of abstract
questions; and certain gentlemen seem to aspire to "
nothing-higher than raising questions th'e effect of
which is only to embarrass others in the votes
they are to give, without aiming at any practical
good. For my own' part, I shall feel no embar-
rassment from this source. My way is clear. My
! constituents will not require me to give my vote,
; unless upon tangible and practical propositions.
'They c&re nothing about the ingenious devices
i gentlemen may choose to invent for their own
j amusement, or to entrap and puzzle other gentle-
j men. They lortk to Congress for proceedings of
i a higher character, for legislation of a graver na-
' ture. They expect solid benefits from the meet-
ings of Congress, and not fiimSy declamations
upon as flimsy subjects.
I ask gentlemen to look seriously into this mat-
ter; to withdraw their eyes'for a few moments
from the beautiful niggers, if they can—if their
sympathies and affections are not too deeply in-
volved in the fortunes of Sambo ahd Dinah—if
they can for a little while recollect that there are a
few white people too who would like to receive
some attention,—and to proceed to the despatch of
the public business, and to let negroes and negro
slavery rest a little. They will be all the better
for it; and better still would it be for them if this
obtrusive sympathy had never been excited. There
was a time when this question was unknown in
the halls of Congress. Gentlemen assembled here
then to attend to the public inteiests, and quietly
permitted the respective States to regulate their
own internal affairs in their own way. In those
days, the work of emancipation went on without
noise, but with a steady progress. During this
period, several of the States in which slavery was .
legalized adopted systems of gradual emancipation;
j and under the slow, but sure and safe, operations
of this system, slavecy disappeared from within
! their limits. Other States, in which the institution
still exists, were about to follow this enlightened
and politic example. But a few individuals in free
States, incapable of bringing themselves into no-
tice by honorable means, determined to do so by
expedients of a different character. Their malicious
spirits could not contemplate the steady and smooth "
progress of a good work without envy; and their
first movement was to check it, by pretending to
hasten it along—thus adding hypocrisy to malig-
nity. They therefore interfered .with the good
work which the citizens of the slaveholding States
hjid commenced, determined to take the job out of
their hands, and to finish it, not by contract, nor
by permission, but by main force, and in their
own way—the way, too, most offensive and inju-
rious to those who really possessed the sole right
to interfere in the matter. This threw the people
of those States upon their reserved rights, and
compelled them, from self-respect, to abandon a
labor they saw and felt the wisdom and necessity
of completing. This impertinent meddling has
cost the nation millions of dollars, and there is not
one slave the less. If these agitators had but
attended to their own business, the work of eman-
j I cipation would have gone on smoothly and quietly;
!' millions of dollars wpuld have been saved to the
;; public treasury; the bond of union among the'
11 States would have been strengthened; the public
-! business would have received prompt attention;
t and demagogues would have sunk into the ob-
scurity they deserve. It is not too late to bring
deeper than m any nigger question you can j these things about yet. It is true, the money that
„ „ i .L6' X Wi.antjt0 ee-e i • A 1)88 136611 squandered, and the time that has been
around them in the hands of mdustnous, useful wasted, cannot be recalled; but we can startancw*
settlers, and it is in the power of Congress to ;'and escape from the dangers that threaten, and
grant this leasonable wish. j; make the future atone for the past.
Now, I appeal to the good sense of this House; We have much business on hand that is prop-
to:;erlyourown, or has beer, intrusted to us by a
... confiding people. Why should we not give our
their sense of obligation to their constituents and
to the countiy; to thei% respect for the dignity and
credit of this body, to abandon this infamous I
waste of time—for such I must call it. I desire to |
cast no censure upon this House, but 1 must say I
a question has been agitated here for some time !
which should iong ago have been disposed of, or !
attention to that first? And when that is done, let
us return to those who employ us, and give an
account of our stewardship, and inquire what other
service we can perform for their benefit. But no;
here we are forever disputing about matters with-
out form or substance. #
