1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
€1
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Reduction of the Rates of Postage—Mr. Niles.
New Series No. 6.
The course pursued by this House reminds me
of an anecdote I have heard of a liltle boy who
went to a woman in his neighborhood to get her
to patch his pantaloons. The boy ha<J perhaps
been sliding on the cellar-door too much: at any
rate, the seat of his pantaloons was considerably !
damaged; and I fancy he looked very much like :
the "mili-boy of the slashes," who is represented i
by his admiring friends, mounted on his grist, j
going to mill, " with his shirt-tail sticking out be- \
hind." The woman asked him why his mother i
did not put a patch on for him. " Why," said the •
Sad, "she is busy at a sewing society, making
clothes for the poor Greeks." "Well," replied
the woman, "ask your mother to come home and
make its escape, the Whig party is almost all the (j is, perhaps, of more importance than may strike
time in muddy water. I remember a few years |j the minds of those who have not looked into the
ago it ventured to attack the old sage who sleeps at |j whole subject. This bill has been prepared as a
the Hermitage, m clear water, but its defeat was |i whole. The committee have aimed at certain ■
so overwhelming that it immediately took refuge
in the muddy waters of anti-masonry, and then,
thinking itself quite concealed from view, renewed
the attack on the old man and the Democratic
party, but without doing the least harm. It has
k>eeq in dirty water and in dirty business pretty
much ever since, and has got so used to it that it
now asserts a claim to all free dirt, and a little
more, and has managed to envelop itself so thor-
oughly in it that many good people are deceived
by it. I think, however, if we could get this
| rangements which would bring down postage to
| what they considered the minimum rate, and which,
I at the same time, would be consistent with en-
; abling the department to sustain itself after the
| system shall have had a fair trial and its principle
j be brought into full operation. Any essential in-
j terference with this arrangement would be likely
' to defeat this result. The amendment offered by
; the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania would,
j in the opinion of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Allen,] withdraw some four hundred thou-
attend to her own household, and then, if she has ii abolition fish into clear water, and scrape a few !j sand dollars from the-revenue expected to be de
any time to spare, she can give it to the Greeks."
There is a moral in this liule story quite applicable
to the present condition of things here. We are
here busily expending our sympathiesjjnd time
upon the Greeks, who are far away, and who have
not solicited our interference, while, as John Ran-
dolph said, "the Greeks are at our doors." Yes, |
sir, there are some twenty millions of these Amer- i
ican Greeks at our doors, asking and expecting '
much at our hands; and they have a right not only I
to ask and to expect, but to demand, a compliance ;
with their wishes. And are we to turn a deaf ear I
to their prayers and their wants, and force our (
tender ca.re upon those who ask it ndt, and into !
regions to which our forefathers solemnly bound |
themselves and their posterity it should never be |
of the scales off it, we would find it belongs to the jj rived from the system proposed by this bill. T think
Whig family. But I care not what forms it may ;j this is too large an estimate, but should it be two
assume, nor what claims it mayset up, if it would ;! hundred thousand dollars, it could not well be
only keep them out of this Chamber, and allow us j; spared; and considering this amendment as mate-
to proceed with the business for the transaction of jl naliy interfering with the main features of the bill,
which we are assembled. ^ ij I may now, perhaps, as well as on any other oc-
I declare, in the presence of this House, before jj casion, say something on the financial character of
the bill itself, and upon its distinguishing features;
i for, if there are to be any material changes made
: in the bill in that respect, the whole character of it
' will be changed. The committee have notJYamed
' this bill upon any calculations of materially chan-
1 ging the system in its financial character. They did
| not contemplate throwing this branch of the public
! service upon the treasury. They believe, sir, that
1 the public can have the benefits, the various ben-
; efits, provided for m this b*I), after the system can
my constituents and the world, th.e course this j
| House is pursuing is disgraceful and degrading to
! its character. The session is now about half over;
| there is a vast amount of public business to attend
i to—business, too, of the highest importance; yet
| here weare caviling about abstractions. A solemn
! voicfcjiMrns us to desist from this misapplication
; of tir^ The cholera is approaching; and I pre-
j diet, that in another week it will be among us. j
extended? jj And if it should come, Congress will not be kept |
Sir, if we wish to interfere with State institu- !j together one week after the event. There are yet L have a fair trial, without any pei^nanent charge
tions, have we not, in most of these States, an ,i no appropriations made for the ensuing year; and upon the treasury—that system will remain sub-
institutton equally unjust and injurious to the great:! should a cholera panic dissolve this House with-.!! stantially what it was, sustaining itself from its
body of the people and to the prosperity of the jj out these appropriations, the very worst of evds \\ own revenues. But if changes are made in its main
country with this much-talked-about and much-;; must inevitably flow from it, of an early extra j; features, and important abstractions are made from
sympathized-about slavery? I mean the banking '\ session of Congress will have to be called, at a'!| the revenues which the bill is intended to piovide,
institution- This infamous institution not only |i cost of a few hundred thousand dollars, which can ;| yon change the system itself, and throw the post
holds slaves, but exists by making slaves—not of;! every cent be saved, if gentlemen would only stop ii office virtually upon the public treasury. Viewing
the black man, but of the white man;"it is forever f! to reflect what is their duty, and how short the |! this matter in this light, and regarding this amend-
riveting its insidious chains upon the needy and j! time for discharging it. And I earnestly urge it j! ment as involving, in no small dogree, the merits
upon the unwary. Many an honest, hard-work- jj upon their sober consideration to lay aside all ex- jj of this whole measure, I propose to say something
ing man has mauled rails for fifty cents a hundred, | traneous questions, and to go to work upon the .j^on the maiivfeatures of the bill as a system, upon
that he might be able to get a little coffee, or tea, '] business which the Constitution has expressly j. us financial aspects, and the results that are to fol-
or sugar, or some other delicacy or necessary, for ii placed in their hands, to consult the interests of j; low from it.
asick wife or child, or to pa}? a doctor's bill, and i their common country, and to hearken to the peti- || Before d": ~
'■ tions sent here by their constituents suggesting say a few
! measures for legislative action. With these most | other day, m reply to the very able and extraordi-
important national interests before us, we permit !! nary speech of my friend from Ohio, [tY1i\ Ai.lrn.]
our time to be consumed in these disgraceful 1 did not wholly dispose of it in what I said at that
scenes. I feel it, therefore, to be my duty to ask !. time, and I wiif therefore give it some further con-
the Speaker to inform me how I can get clear of j! sideration on this occasion, though X cannot he-
this idle, worse than useless wrangling—-'whether j! stow much time upon it now.
by a motion to lay on the table, or to postpone ;
indefinitely, or by what other way?
[Skveral voices: 41 Call the previous question."]
Mr. SAWYER. Well*l will'do so: and I am
' not afraid to vote upon it. f move the previous
1 question, and I wilt not withdraw it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 want the ear of my colleague
for a moment.
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I want to inquire of my col-
league-
* received for his labor the false promises of this
kind of institution,'when perhaps.the very next
day they become worthless, leaving the poor man
and his family to suffer, whilst the bankers roll
in luxury purchased by these frauds. Sir, this
is no fancy sketch; it has happened to thousands.
There is scarcely a laboring man in any pf the
States where banking is tolerated but has been
injured more or less by this villanous institution.
There has been more misery, more real heart-
rending distress, inflicted upon the white popula-
tion of this country, within twenty years', by
banks, than upon the blacks within fifty years by
slavery. Startling as this declaration may appear,
it is true. And yet these gentlemen who talk so
glibly about enlarging " the circle of human sym- ' j
pathies and human affections," so as to take in the ;;
negroes, exclude from that circle the unfortunate j
victims of this hellish system, although of their 1
own color, and, peradventure, of their own blood, jj
Sir, here is an enemy to human liberty, to equal ; j
rights, and to sound morality, that ought to be i1
subdued. I think there is a clause in the Consti- ,[
tution which prohibits the "emission of bills of ■]
credit by any of the States." Now, if theSe bank :!
notes are not bills of credit," they are but the I
shabby substitutes for them, an.d ought to be sup- j
pressed, fn this measure the whole Union is m~ jj
terested, and a day now and then might be profit- II
ably employed on it. But this question is not !
now before Congress; but it has a much better !
r right to be here than this everlasting question of-j
slavery. . !
It is my deliberate opinion that this abolition- j
ism is another of the devices invented by that old jj
arch-enemy of Democratic principles, known in j
modern times by the name of Whiggery. I have i,
seen it assume so many disguises, and take so ,
many different roads, that when I see any new !'
humbug started I feel pretty certain this oldantag- Ij
onist is at the bottom of it. Like the scuttle-fish, j
which, when it is pursued by an enemy, imme- !;
diately roils the water, in order to conceal itself in Ij
the dirt it raises, or to blind its foe, and thereby ij
6
Mr. SAWYER,
business.
I want to go to some other
UiU 11.
ore doing so, however, perhaps I ought to
few words, in addition to what I said the
My friend, on that occasion, took a very ex-
I tensive range in his discussion of the question then
: before the Senate, giving it, perhaps, more im-
j portance than it was entitled to; an importance not
, only relating to the financial results of this bill, but
j going into elementary considerations, the first
J principles of civil liberty, the efficacy of that
| amendment upon the great interests of freedom,
i of free institutions, and civilization; and among
- - other things, brought into the discussion the mail
|; lines of steamers, whose connection with this sub-
REDUCTION OF TUG RATES OF POSTAGE.
SPEECH OF MR. NILES,
OF CONNECTICUT,
In the Senate or the United States,
February 2, 1849,
On the Bill to reduce the Rates of Postage, and for
other purposes.
T*e Se nate proceeded, as 111 Committee of the Whole, 10
the consideration of the bill to reduce the rates of postage,
and for other purpose*: the question pending being upon a
motion by Mr. Cameron to strike out the clause providing
that papers not weighing more than an ounce and a half
shall he circulated within the distance of titty miles from the
place ot publication at half a cent postage, and substitute
theiefor a clause providing that such papers may be sent
through the mail any distance not eweding thirty mites
fiom the place of publication free of postage.
jftct appeors to be somewhat remote. Well, sir, I
| met the objections of the gentleman in relation to
jj the mail lines by the argtuncn/mii iftt bominein. I
' said that I thought my friend wps himself respon-
sible for that policy of the Government. I thought
I established thnt point very well; and I now re-
peat that I consider him responsible move than
any other man for the establishment of these lines.
Mr. Presidents I cannot very well give my opin-
ions here, as there is so much. tf noise and confu-
sion" that it is impossible to make myself heard.
[Laughter.] . .
1 endeavored to show, at that time, Mr. Presi-
dent, that my friend from Ohio was, more than
any other member of this body, responsible,,for the
establishment of this policy.^ I have a woid or
two more to say upon that subject. The othei day,
I referred to a very celebrated speech which the
honorable Senator from Ohio made in this Hall,
the object of which was to get up a war spirit in
this country, a war with Great Britain, our great
maritime rival; and I will now go fuither and say,
Mr. CAMERON modified hi- amendment, at the sugges- ,    , •
tion of Mr. ALLEN", hy striking out the words an ounce 'I that he not only attempted to get up a war smut,
and a half, so that any paper might go free througluhe mails ;; and prepare the hearts of the people for war, but
within thnty miles ot the office of publication, that he proposed precisely this kind of warfare,
Mr. ISTLES. Mr. President, this amendment j! this steam-maritime warfare. That was the great
