m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. %
30th Cong 2d Sf.ss.
Reduction of the Rates of Postage—Mr. Niles.
Senate.
idea of the gentleman's speech, and he told us in
that very celebrated war-speech, that the introduc-
tion of steam into maritime warfare had produced
a revolution in naval power throughout the world,
the effect of which was to deprive Great Britain of
all the immense advantages of her naval superior-
ity, and that all commercial nations were now to
enter with equal advantages into competition, from
this common departure, and that Power which
might be most successful in this new mode of war-
fare would, of course, have command of the seas,
and that Great Britain would no longer have any
advantage over us, or any other commercial Power.
This was the leading ideaof the gentleman's speech, j
and I suppose it had effect with the people, with ;
.the Senate, and with the Executive branch of the !
Government, so far as the adoption of this policy f
is concerned; because very soon after the delivery |
of that speech this policy began to be agitated here, j
and was. carried out to thfe extent to which it has ;
received the,sanction of Congress. But this is not j
all. I hold the gentleman still further responsible. :
He has attacked this line to Havre. I am sur- '
prised at that, for I hold him responsible for that :
Jine also. This f will now demonstrate. You
will all doubtless recollect that at the last session
my friend from Ohio introduced a very notable
resolution here, which was one of very "high re-
sponsibility, by which we pledged ourselves—
for "that was the interpretation put upon it by the
Executive of the country—virtually to aid in con-
solidating liberty in France. Well, sir, that res-
olution was passed, and what did the President
do? Why, he communicated it to the French
Government, and interpreting it, as 1 suppose my
friend did, as meaning something more than con-
gratulation, it was interpreted as an offer of our
good offices, as a tender of our services and reop-
eration in consolidating the liberties of the French
people. In communicating it to the Executive of
the French Republic, the Secretary of State, no
doubt acting; under the advice of the President, in
a very polite afid diplomatic way-, suggested the
very deep interest this Government took m the
consolidation of liberty in France, and in the same
diplomatic style hinted that they would do well to
respect our example, and profit from the lights of
our experience, the only great free people on earth.
And Lamartine, then the organ of the French
Re-public, appears to have understood this resolu-
tion .in the same sense; for, in his reply to our
minister, he observed that " France would show
a just sensibility on receiving the congratulations
of any forefgn Power, mingled with advice:" but,
in consideration of the long and intimate friend-
ship which had subsisted between France and the
United States, she would waive all exceptions in
this instance.
Now, sir, it appears that, by the Executives of
both countries, this resolution was regarded as a
sort of obligation on our part to aid by our good
offices, and every way we could, without improper
interference, in accomplishing the great object of
consolidating liberty in France. Wei!, sir, having
proceeded thus far, what was to be done m order
to carry out this great, idea? We must carry it
out in some way. We must do something to se-
cure this imn^tant result. Well, sir, this contract
which had been made for a line of mail sLeamets
to Bremen was the alternative: two of these shins
were to go to Havre, or the whole four were to go
to Bremen, according to the wish of the contract-
ors*, and, in consequence of this obligation we had
assumed in relation to consolidating liberty in
France, tho Government thought best to divert
two of these ships from Bremen to Havre. I sup-
pose the object is to introduce our newspapers
among the French people, to send them our'de-
bates, and thus furnish them light upon tins orcat
subject of consolidating liberty. "[Laughter.] How
else could we do it, sir, but 0y sending there the
gentleman's speeches, and the speeches of other
gentlemen, and letting them see our method of con-
solidating liberty here; holding up our candle to
them, and 'letting them see those measures by
whicli we were so successful in consolidating lib-
erty in this country? That, sir, was theorem of
that line; and 1 therefore hold my friend respon-
siole for it, as having introduced this policy, also,
^ as wen as the general policy of securing to us the
mastery of th« seas by this new mode of warfare—
tne introduction of steam-power into the navy.
Sir, I come now to the turning point. In regard j
to the coarse of my friend, so far, I have no par-
ticular objection to make to it, but 1 want to cab >
the attention of the Senate and the country to the '
fact that "a change has been going on in his
mind," though 1 do not wish to injure his high
standing in the country. It is very common for
public men to experience these changes. The
ideas of my friend in lelation to this matter have
undergone a very great change, which I have-been
. very soi ry to see. I am sorry to see so many
changes taking place in the minds of our public'
men upon public measures. We had a great many
such changes during the past year. I say that the
ideas of my friend from Ohio have undergone a
great change during the past year in relation to
this subject. It is not long since he made speeches
here holding out these great objects to the country,
and instructing the masses in relation to this new
mode of warfare. Having induced us to enter upon
this policy, what does he dor Dofes he stand by
us?-No, sir; he now comes forward and denounces
the whole scheme. He says it is all the business
of jobbers. Jobbers ! This policy is the carrying
out of his own views as put forth by him upon
i this floor.
I Mr. President, there is a memorable example in
I history, and in *that very country to which the
j Senator from Ohio turned our attention when
I speaking upon this subject the other day, j^which
| I wish to make allusion, not that I think my
j friend's case comes quite up to it, but it is very
I'similar to it. My friend has not yet involved his
I country in war, as did the distinguished orator
I and statesman to whom I am about to allude, but
] he has prepared them for war, and now he is
: the first to denounce" that policy, and back out
j from it. Well, sir, there is an example in the
f history of that people to which the Senator re-
i ferred, with which we were ail familiar in our
i school-boy days, nearly parallel with the case of
! my friend. I allude to Demosthenes, the orator,
j the renowned orator of Athens. Demosthenes,
' like my friend, undertook to prepare the hearts of.
! the people of Athens for war. He made speech
j after speech, oration after oration; and as they
I were all directed against King Philip of Maccdon,
they were called " philippics." He succeeded,
! and, like my friend, aroused a war spint, and pre-
pared the hearts of the people for war; and such
i was the effect of his speeches, that when the peo-
; pie returned from the forum, it was m the mouth
1 of every one, "Let us fight Philip." So it was
after the speech of the honorable Senator from
: Ohio. Every one said, "Let us have a brush with
; England." [Laughter.] Well, sir, that wise and
enlightened people, whose example the Senator
1 biought up, camc to a very natuial conclusion,
that the man who was so successful in preparing
the hearts of the people for war would be the very
man to conduct the war, and so they appointed
Demosthenes their general. But lot and sad to
I relate, when he came to face the enemy, he was
the first man to flee. [Laughter.] I do not mean
to say that the Senator from Ohio would do that,
i I rather think, that if he was crJied into the-field,
' and brought into a tight place, he would fight.
[Renewed laughter.] But that eminent person to
whom I have referred, having done so much to
prepare the hearts of the people for war, found,
when he came to facc the enemy, that it was a
mu'^h more agreeable and safer thing to talk about
war fhan it was to have a collision with the deadly
instiumems of an enemy, and he threw down his
imns and fled. That was the result of that unfor-
i itunate preparation of the hearts of the people for
war. The Senator frorrt Ohio has not qu'fe trot us
into war, but m preparation for war—havin^ex-
pended a large sum, having authorized the esUb-
, hshment of these lines of mail steamers, the very
1 instruments which he told us were necessary to
enable us to cope with our gieat commercial rival;
1 and now he turns round and says it is all a miser-
able business, got up by the jobbers. But I will
not detam the Senate further with this part of the
Senator's speech; but there are one or two other
points of that speech to which I wish to allude.
The Senator brought up, as examples, the an-
cient republics of Greece and Iiome for our guid-
ance on this important question of the free circu-
lation of newspapers within thirty miles from the
oince o£ publication. [Laughter.] He treated this
question as one involving the continuance of the
liberties of this country; and he pointed out how
it was that those ancient republics lost their liberty.
It was because they had not this free circulation
of newspapers. [Laughter.] There was no com-
munication betw-een the inhabitants of the great
cities and the yeomanry of the country. There
was no communication between the law-makers
and the people at large. The great mass of the
peoplerthe yeomanry, had no means of making
their power felt, and their power would be a more
pure, safe, and virtuous power; and if it could
have been brought in connection with the inhabit-
ants of the great cities, so as to have made their
conservative power felt, probably those republics
would have been standing to-day; but unfortu-
nately that could not be done, because they had
no free circulation of newspapers within thirty
miles of the office of publication. [Laughter.]
My friet*] did not inform us how they carried their
mails in that day, whether they conveyed them by
railroad or steamboat, or on steamships. He did
not tell us even whether they had electric tele-
graphs or not. But they wanted this free circula-
tion, and if they could have only had the benefit of
that, the liberties of those enlightened countries
would have been preserved in all their pristine
vigor -arid purity, and those ancient republics
would have continued to exist at the present day.
! j This want of'4< free circulation within thirty miles"
H was their great misfortune. [Laughter.] It was
a great pity that they could ndt have had this fiee
circulation of papers, although it so turned out, to
be suie, that the art of printing was not discovered
till some centuries afterwards. But if they had
not this great desideratum, they had other appli-
ances, which many consider essential to the exist-
ence of a free Government. They had a great
deal of party spirit and of the machinery of party
in those days, as well as at the present time. If
they had op free circulation of papers, they had
some of the means which we have of preserving
the liberties of the country. They had candidates
for office, who took the stump and the forum, as
our candidates and party orators do nowadays.
They had the means of prepai'ing the hearts of the
people for war, and not only for war, but for the
elections, and of enlightening them upon all politi-
cal questions, very much as we have, except that
they had no free circulation o'f papers. That was
the great misfortune, the want of which was fatal
to them. That was their great mistake, and led to
the overthrow of their liberties!
Again, the Senator from Ohio says that the press
—bywhich, I suppose, he means the party press
—is a part of the machinery of Government, and
that it enters essentially into the elements of Gov-
ernment. I do not know but it is; almost every-
j thing; perhaps, may enter into the elements of
' Government, but I think many of these elements
: are much better than these partisan presses. I
i think the common-school system, where it exists,
| is a much healthier element than these presses. I •
j say my friend seems to think that the piess is a
; part of the machinery of Government, and he
' comes to the conclusion that Government should,
I therefore, take care o£ it. .Now, although ray
i friend belongs to the school of 54 Progressives,59'
I I think he has taken a terrible stride backwards,
j Why, sir, i believe that far back, about the time
1 of the discovery of the art of printing, and for more
| than a century after that discovery, i think it was
! the general idea that the press was a part of the
; machinery of Government. This was precisely
I the idea that my friend has now taken up—«?.n old
j and exploded idea. The press was then consid-
j ered a part of the machinery of Government, and
J the king everywhere took exclusive control of it.
| U was a royal preiogative, and it was for the king
i to decide what was proper for the people to read
i and what not; I suppose my ftiend would go back
| to mat great principle, and have the Government
, take chaige of the press of the country, and, of
: course, we are to decide what the presses are to do*
and what they are to publish, and wc are to circa-.
, late the papers free within thirty miles.
Mr. ALLEN, (interposing.) Does the Senator
from Connecticut state that I said that?
Mr. NILES. Wo, sir, I am only drawing in-
ferences. A great many inferences are to be draWtt
from the remarks of the gentleman.
Mr, ALLEN. Mr. President, I wish to'8
