1840.
APPENDIX TO TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th .Cong 2d Sess.
Reduction "of the Rates of Postage—Mr. Niks.
Senate#
that the Senator from Connecticut has been ascri-
bing a great many remarks to me which I never
uttered3 and—which he kneVr I had never uttered j
when he so ascribed theffi. !;
Mr. NILES. I have not said that the Senator V,
from Ohio made statements precisely of this kind. !;
I am merely drawing inferences from the position j
of considering the press a part of the machinery of I1
Government, and I draw inferences with perfect!
freedom on all occasions. I say, that if the Gov- |
eminent is to take charge of the press, if it is to 1
tie considered a part of the machinery of Govern- j
ment, tl*e consequence that will immediately fol- j
low is, that it will be a mere instrument in the
iiands of the party in power, and they will control j
it for their own purposes. I object, therefore, to I
the whole scheme. I believe the true principle !
would be to leave the press entirely free, discon->;
nected from the Government altogether. I
There is one other point to which I will refer, j
I think the Senator makes another retrogra'demove- ;
jnent in regard to this free circuiation. I think that i
this principle of free circulation of papers comes [
within the class of piivilege. He does not pro- !
pose a general fiee circulation. If he did propose
this, it would not fall within the idea of privilege. :
It would be a service performed by the Govern- •
ment for one entire interest of the press. But when ,
he proposes to draw a line of discrimination, and j
circulate a certain class of papers free at the charge j
and expense of the Government, I think that it is :
a matter of privilege—a privilege to the publishers 1
of this class of papers—a privilege to the citizens |
living within this limit, which is not common to :
'ail others. All privileges are in derogation of com- ;
rnon right, and this stands upon the same ground, j
And I would ask my friend on what principle of |
right it can be justified ? If you go for a free cir- j
culation to all papers it is one thing, but to draw
a line allowing certain papers having a limited ^
circulation to be under the care and protection of i
Government, circulated by our agents free, and all ,
•others subject to~charge, it is a privilege not com- j
raon to ali enga'ged in the same business. j
Mr. President, my friend was the last member j
of this body that I ever supposed would raise his
powerful voice in defence of privilege. Why, ;
I have heard him combating privileges, fighting
monopolies, leading the foilorn hope against bank
)Yionopolies and all others, with a power and spirit
that did my heart good to hear him; and, after ah
- this, I aiii sorry to see hi'.n stand up here as the
advocate of privileges of any kind whatever. He
advocates two privileges in this bill—a privilege to
a certain c!ass#of papers, and a privilege to Che
members of this body, the franking privilege. I
think he has avowed himself the advocate of that
privilege. I know he says that is a privilege for
the people. Sir, I believe that may be said in |
regard to all privileges. No man ever asks for a ;
privilege but in the name of the people. Whether ;
it is so or not, is always a question for the Legis-
. lature to decide.
Mr. President, I am sorry to see my friend fall
back, as I think he has, instead of going ahead.
He. belongs to the " Progressive Democracy, and ,
yet he has fallen back, and comes here the advo-
cate of privileges. Why, sir, I expected to see ;
him fighting against privilege in every form, lead-
• ing on the masses, standing on the very trench •
where the enemy was to be met, and with his
powerful voice rallying his forces with the spirit-
stirring shout—
'• Cliaigc, Chester! Charge! O.i, Stanley! On!"
" Once muse unto the breach ! Dear IriuwR once mote '!'
[Laughter.] !
But instead of this, I find him, to my great sorrow,
backing out from this honorable position, and
coming forward as an advocate of privileges to
others, and ur°ing one for himself. [Laughter.] !
Mr. President, I have done with that part of the
subject. I believe I have said all that is necessary
to say in answer to the very powerful speech of
my honorable friend. I would also say, that not-
withstanding this apparent falling back on his
part—notwithstanding we have other evidences of
a changc going on in the minds of public men,
still, sir, I hope that, although 1 shall soon cease
to be a member of this lionoiable bo;sy, my^fiienu
will i ern;i iu here, and that in retirement! shall ue
gratified, not in hearing his powerful voice, but m
reading his speeches in the newspapers—not cir-
culated free, I hope—in which he will be found
standing upon the ground which he occupied when
he entered thfe body, and which he has generally
maintained, as the enemy of all privilege, as well j
as the enemy of jobbers; as the opponent of all
special legislation; and as the great and powerful
advocate "of the equal and common rights of the
whole people. This I shall expect,-sir, and I hope
I shall not be disappointed in my expectations.
1 I will beg leave now to call the attention of the
' Senate, as briefly as I can, to some few remarks
■ upon the general charactcr of this bill, which has
been discussed very little. I shall confine myself
entirely to the main features of the bill, to its
, financial character. And I certainly have no wish
to consume any more time with it, if I shall be
; satisfied that it is not likely to meet with the ap-
| probation of a majority of the Senate. And after
| I have said what I have to submit as to the general
i features and financial character of the measure,
' and heard such reply as any one may be disposed
1 to make, I shall esteem it a favor if some one would
: 'make a motion to strike out the enacting clause,
or some other which will test the sense of the
; Seriate upon the subject. This bill contains two
I features, though not entirely new perhaps, but
which are so great a departure from our former
laws that it may be considered as substantially a
new system.
The first and most important of these features
is that of introducing, substantially, the penny sys-
tem of a very .low rate of postage.
The other is the principle of a uniform rate,
which is carried out through this bill.
'j^ow, sir, these two principles of the bill, I think,
must stand or fail together; for those who are in
favor of a reduced rate are also in favor of a uni-
form rate, if we can introduce one so low as that
it will be little more than a nominal charge. I am,
not m favor of a uniform rate myself, if that rate
be a considerable one. If we cannot sustain a very
low rate, 1 think there ought to be a discrimination;
because, if the charge is a considerable one, every-
body must see that there is justice and propriety
in charging more for a letter or paper carried a
thousand miles than for a letter or paper carried
only ten miles. But if we can sustain the system
with a very low rate like that proposed in the bill—
ihree cents on letters and one cent on newspapers-
then I am in faVrft- of a uniform rate, because this
low rate does not operate unjustly towards any
one. It is a reasonable rate for a letter carried ten
miles, and if the system can sustain itself by ad-
henng to the same'rate for any distance, although
| those receiving distant letters may, perhaps, be
more benefited, but still, as there is no -injustice
done to those who use the mail for conveyance of
letters for a short distance, they certainly cannot
complain, and this rate may be sustained in the
transmission of letters a great distance as well as a
limited distance. The two principles then, I think,
properly go together.
But if we weie to have a uniform rate of seven
or even five cents, it would be unjust. It would
not be just and fair to tax a man five cents, which
would be thiee cents mote than it would cost to
carry a letter by private express ten, twepty, or
thirty miles, anil then carry a letter a thousand
miles for the same sura. In order to avoid this
inequality and injustice, you must come down to a
very low rate, aiid then no injustice will be done,
as the charge for conveying a letter a short dis-
tance will not be more than the service is worth. '
1 There are many and weighty considerations m |
• favor of a uniform rats, as it gives simplicity to the j
system, and will save much labor in tit£ business ;
of the post offices and the ciepartment. When tire \
rate is so low that no injustice is done on the short ;
: distances, when no one is unjustly taxed to pay for
I carrying letters for others a great distance at rates !
h below the actual expense of the service,^there is a ;
' degree of justicc and propriety in a uniform rate, j
Ours is a country of gieat exi<mf, and ali parts of j
i it have commercial intercourse witn tne seaports on j
' the Atlantic. A uniform late places the whole
! people on an equality in their business transac-
i tions, so far as the mail is concerned, with our great ,
! commercial cities. The business oi those cities is j
for the whole country and with the whole countiy,
and why should not all be placed o.i an enua.ity in
, thfeir intercourse with the seats of traue. An uni- j
II form rate will perhaps opciate most, beneficial.y to
the interior States, because their commercial and
other intercourse is with the Atlantic States. They,
also, have more of the foreign immigrants than the
old States, who want a correspondence with Eu-
rope. The uniform rate in this bill applies to foreign
as well as to inland letters, so that a person at Chi-
cago can send or receive a letter from Europe-at the
same charge as a person residing in New York.
And, in regard to social correspondence, it is im-
portant to remove the barrier which distance intcr-
I poses as far as possible, and, so far as the expense
' of correspondence is concerned,, to bring distant
friends as near together as those who are separated
only by a few intervening miles. Low postage,
with a uniform rate, is a great boon to the whole
people which cannot well be estimated; however
high your estimate, it will fall below the reality.
The people demand this great boon at our hands,
and when they have once tasted of this hitherto for-
bidden fruit, you can no longer withhold it from
them. They have now only a foretaste, but even
that stimulates them to demand the full fruition of
| so great a blessing. _ " ,
i Mr. President, I apprehend that it is not neces-
| sary to go further into the consideration of the
j public and individual benefits which will arise un-
j der the operations of this bill, for I presume it can
I meet with little opposition from any quaiter, if
gentlemen can be satisfied that the financial charac-
ter of the bill will not prove a failure. I suppose
that that is the main objection which is to be met,
I believe it maybe conceded that all its provisions
are calculated to benefit the community; that it is
in all respects an, improvement upon the present
system, not only in the reduction of postage, but
in the simplicity, uniformity, precision, and cer-
tainty, and particularly in regard, to foreign rates.
In foreign letters^ the same principles of uniformity-
are found, so that a merchant or an immigrant or
a farmer in the western States can receive a letter
from his friend in Europe at precisely the same
rate as an immigrant living in New York. This
equality in the foreign and domestic correspond-
ence is something that never has been enjoyed in
this country, placing the whole people, without
reference to their particular location, upon 'the same
ground, alt enjoying the same advantages in their
intercourse, both foreign and domestic. Without
saying more, sir, in respect to the character of this
bill,-m the conveniences and advantages it will
afford to the people, I will now call the attention
of the Senate to the views which 1 have to present
in regard to its financial results, and whether the
system can sustain itself.
Ill framing this bill, the committee have acted
j upon a view, which I have partially presented,
I that this is not to be a material departure, in its
| financial aspects, from the system which has pre-
! vailed from the formation of this Government. It
j is supposed that these rates, when the principle
can have a full and fair operation—that is to
j say, when the power and efficacy of this principle
| of" a low rate can be fully developed—will pro-
{ duce a revenue about sufficient to sustain the
i department. It may be that some aid from the
I treasury will be required to cover the expense of
j the unproductive routes. But if the country was
j as generally settled as it is in the old States—not
I the most populous States, but say the Atlantic
i States generally, or all the old States—1 have very
i little doubt but that this system would sustain
i itself. Something, perhaps, may be required—
! some one or two hundred thousand dollais, perhaps
I three hundred thousand dollars—to make up the
expense upon the unproductive routes in the un-
! settled portions of the country. ^Ve believe, that
as these routes ore reciuired to be established, in
: order to do justice to those living in such sections
: of the country, it is right that the people should
; be accommodated; but at the sanw tinre, we did
not think it was just that this burden should be
thrown upon the post ofnee establishment exciu-
' sivelv, as'it would thus c"Bme out oi the pockets
1 of those only who pay for carrying letters in the
mails. We have conceived., thereto!e, that it
' should be thrown upon "the whole country; and
that burden is pioposed to be charged upon me
treasury, so that all will b'ear an equal snare ol it.
What it will amount io,l am net prepareu to say;
probably not more than a few hundiea thousand
;i ^But besides this, we have presented this bill
