1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
39th Cong.'....2d Sess.
Treaty of Peace with Mexico—Mr. G. S. Houston.
Ho. of Reps.
seemed to be endeavoring to show that the proto-
col conformed to the treaty. The point in issue
Was whether the commissioners, either with or
without the authority of the President, attempted
to give a construction to the treaty which ingrafted 1 i
new conditions upon it, after it had been ratified
on our part. Was the protocol genuine, or sub- !
stantially so? Was there any such paper as it |
purported to be? Will the gentleman inform the j
House ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will read an extract from (
the letter of Mr. Buchanan, on the point on which :
I was remarking when interrupted by the gentle- j
man from Maryland; his question will be answered
in the course of my remarks:
"Under th<^e treaties with France and Spain, the free
and fliiuri-ilniiR States of Louisiana, Missouri. Arkansas,
j secure without any treaty stipulation. The tenth aiticle I
could have no effect upon kuch grantees as Imd forfeited !
j their claims, but that of involving them in endless l.tiga- j
1 non, under the vatn hope that a treaty might cure the defects i
| in'then titles against honest purchasers and ownets of the :
bOlI.
"And here it may he worthy of observation, that if no
stipulations whatever were contained in the treaty to secure
to the Mexican inhabitant^ and ail others protection in the
fiee enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the religion
which they profess, these would fee amply guarantied by the
Constitution and law* of the United States. These invalu-
able blessings, under u.jr forms of government, do not result
from trenty stipulations, but from the very natuie and char-
acter of our institutions." '
I desire to know if there is alawyer in this House
who will controv^tf any part of that statement?
Will any gentlemWbe so reckless as to stake his
legal reputation upon the inaccuracy of the law,
as stated either in Mr. Buchanan's letter t>r the
no compl.. - - ,
^habitants th.it their civil or religious rights have not been
amply protected*. The pioperty belonging to the different jt
churches m the dinted Suites is held a* sacred by our Con- .>
stitution and la\v= as the property of individuals; and every I,
individual cnjojs the malienablc right of worshipping his u
God according to the dictates of his own conscience.1,5 ij
Thus you see what our Secretary of State said j;
to the Mexican Government- Upon this state- i;
ment or explanation, that Government had either j!
to ratify or reject the amended treaty—and upon |
i,t the Mexican Congress, with great ananimity,
did ratify it. . ;
The second point in the protocol relates to grants j
of land by the Mexican Government previous to j
our title. I v/ill read it: j
"2d. The American Government, by suppressing the |
'tenth article of the treaty of Guadalupe, did not in any j
way intend to annul the grants of lands made by Mexico in ;
the ceded territories. These grants, notwithstanding the j
suppression of this aiticlc of the treaty, pieserve the legal ,
value winch they may posses?, and the grantees may cause '
their legitimate titles to be acknowledged before the Amen- t
can tubunals." - !
Does this give any assurance to the Mexican |
Government that the treaty contained, either latent
or otherwise, any other provisions than those ^
expressed upon its face? If gentlemen will refer ;!
to this article of the protocol, they will find that it j
contains a statement of law—the statement of a ;!
had accrued and were valid under the constitution
and laws of Mexico, before we acquired that coun-
try, remained precisely in the same condition after
our acquisition? Can we controvert the doctrine,
that these grants <{ preserve the legal value which
they may possess," and the grantees may cause
their legitimate, titles to he acknowledged before the
American tribunals? This is all the second article
of the protocol says—nothing more.
Mr. STEPHENS interposed, and requested to
i be allowed to make an inquiry of the gentleman.
! Mr. HOUSTON having yielded—
! Mr. STEPHENS said, he would state to the
gentleman, that anterior to the war of the Revolu-
i tion, certain British subjects held under the British
' law good titles to lands m Georgia; they took sides
| against the Government in the war; their lands
! were confiscated and granted by the State to other
| persons, to citizens.
i Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman must be aware
; that his is a totally different case—that it has no
; analogy to the one now under consideration.
Mr. STEPHENS. They are the same in prin-
ciple.
Mr. HOUSTON. The cases are not the same
in principle or otherwise. In the case mentioned
by the gentleman, property was confiscated by law,
because those who owned it had joined the enemy
and fought against this country Sn its struggle for
independence which was then going on. In this
case we were negotiating with Mexico; those ne-
gotiations resulted in a purchase by the United
States of a part of her territory; when we obtained
it we found', to some extent, incumbrances upon
it; we knew before we acquited it that those incum-
brances existed. We foundthatbeforeourpurchase
legal titles had been obtained by individuals in
that country—titles which were good under the
laws of Mexico; and unless we made some pro-
vision by which we confiscated that property, as a
matter of course the titles to it, as the protocol
states, could be brought before the courts of the
United States, and if legal before the treaty was
made, they would be sustained. Did the Govern-
legal principle, and nothing more. It says:
a These grants, notwithstanding the suppression^ of this
aitiele of the treaty, preserve the legal value which they may
possess, and the grantees may cause their legitimate titles to
be anknowleged befoie the American tribunals.''
Allow me also to read another extract from Mi
Buchanan's letter on this point. I desire to do
this for the purpose of showing that there could
have been no mistake on the part of the Mexican ,
Government as to the true sense and meaning 01 ;
our amendments to that treaty; that they could not !
have misunderstood the position of our Govern- |
ment; that they did not misunderstand either the ,
protocol or the amendments to the tieaty. But ,
to the extract: it is explicit-—decided conclusue.
Hear it:
"The thiid amendment of the Senate strikes from tne
' how tl... art,-IP .bould have !
found U pla«. in the tieaty. That portion ot it in regard to
lands in Texas did not receive a single vote in the f-enate.
If it were adorned, it would lieamore nullm on the face of ,
the treaty, atid'ilie ludgei nf oui courts wonid be compelled
to di,regard it. It'i- our glory that no human powc. cw.s
in this country winch can depuve one individual of his
property, without Ins consent, and tran-ter it to another. ^  
If erantees ot lands in Texas, under the Mexican Govern- j ^ccor(jm„ t0 judgment, there is no plainer
ment, pos cs<i vali,!l fu^Lf^\cc0> tf u'ey'have forfeited 'iheir j principle of law than this; and that is allthepro-
^ I on winch they P • P • - *■—<" 
were made it is bevond the power of tins Government, in
anv mode of action ,'to render these title, valid, either against
Texas or anyindividual proprietor. To resuscitate such
grant- and to allow the ;rantees the same period alter the
exchange of the ratifications ot this treaty, to which they
weie originally entitled, for the purpose of pe. foiniing the
conditions on which the=c grants hud heen '
this could be accomplished by the power;ol the Gov eniinent
of the United states would woik manifold mju t ce.
"'iStee Mexican grant--,it is undeistood,co\crnearly the
wholMacw't and large portion of the interim
Thev embrace thriving village--and a <ireat rummer of calti
vated firmsfthc proprietor-* ofjwliicli
honestly by purchase fiom the Wot# of Tl *««• rl e"e p
pnetor<? are now dwelling jn
dead title-, and Pilfer the inhs
under them from their poppet
grant injustice, if not wanton
Government posfcs?es Jio powei
"The same observations eo[t
in New Mexico and Upper California. •
" The pie-ent treaty provides ,,mplv and specifics!!} III lIs
8th ami 9th arccle- for the security ot properU of t vet j kind
belonging to Mexicans, whether held under Mexican Jinh
or otheuvise, m the ..equned teintoiy. i nc proflertft
foreigners, under our Constitution and laws, will he equally
I will now read the other branch, of that'articie
of the protocol:
" Conformably to the law of the United States, legitimate
titles to every description of property, personal and real, ex-
isting in the cedfcd teiritones, are those winch were legiti-
mate titles uhderthe Mexican Jaw in California and New
Mexico, up to the 13tli of May, 1848, and in Texas up to Ifae
2d of March, 183G."
Mr. TOOMBS interposed, and (the floor being
yielded) said, while he concurred withthegentleman
from Alabama in the general principles of law as
laid down by him, he wished to inquire of the
gentleman whether it was competent for the Gov-
ernment of the United States, by treaty or in any
other way, to restore therightsof Mexican citizens,
or of anybody, to grants in Texas which had been
abrogated by the Government of Texas?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly not; but that point
is in no way presented under tjiis treaty. Neither
the protocol, the treaty, nor the Government of
the United States, assert any such doctrine; they
claim no such power. None of the abrogated
rights in Texas, or anywhere else, are attempted
to be restored. On the contrary, the Secretary of
State informs the Government of Mexico, that if
we should attempt to revive or restore any abro-
gated rights, that provision of the treaty would be
a nullity on its face, and the judges of our courts
would be compelled to disregard it. Instead of
attempting to revive abrogated rights of any
description, the treaty as it now exists, as well as
that article of the protocol, throws back the claim- *
ants upon their rights as they existed under the
laws of Mexico before the treaty; and, as far as
their validity is concerned, they neither derive
advantage nor disadvantage from the treaty. I
admit that the treaty, the Constitution and laws of
the United States, when extended over that coun-
try, will authorize the grantees io come into the
American courts to have their titles adjudicated,
and if legal—valid—to be acknowledged and pro-
tected. The treat} neither confirmed nor did it
disaffirm any rights to land either in Texas or
the-acquired territory; nor does the protocol claim
or assert any such principle to be in the treaty.
This Government has no control over the lands
of Texas. Our Secretary of State so informed
the Mexican Government. No one controverts
that principle. I cannot, then, for the life of me,
see that there is any, the least incongruity between
the protocol and the amended treaty as ratified by
the Mexican Government. There is no incon-
gruity.
1 will now address a few remarks to the third
and last article of the protocol; which I will first
read:
3. TheGovernmentof the United States, by suppressing
the concluding paragraph of article twelfth ot the treaty,
did not intend to depi.ve the Mexican l?<>pnb>ie of the fiee
j'sid unrestrained faculty of ceding, conveying, or transfer-
ring at anv time, (as it may judge tiie of twelve
millions of dollars, winch the same Government of the
United States is to deliver 111 the places designated by the
amended article."
The twelfth article of the treaty, as it originally
ment of the United States attempt to confiscate , stood, provided two modes of payment of the
property tluis acquired and held ? Did it even de- ;i $12,000,000 which we would owe to Mexico after
sire its confiscation? Then, if they were good and the exchange of ratifications. The first was
pvistinc titles under the Constitution and laws of ,j .'immediately after tins tieaty -Ml have bi-en duly rati-
existint, lines ui.uw  ):J : flptl b tlir. Gov4mm<mt of the Mexican Republic the sum
ot three millions of dollars shall be paid to the s:\id Govern-
ment bv that of the United £*tut<"*, at the city oi Mexico, m
the <;uld or filver com of Me\;eo. The temammg twelve
' millions of do!I.u< >hall be paid at the «ame place, and in the
i s'imc coin, in aflnual instalment- of three millionsot dollars
i each." . j ■
I I read from the twelfth article of the treaty, and
j only such parts as are relevant to the issue, and
' necessary to elucidate it. The second was
  Certificate4* m proper form for the said instalments re-
spectiveH, in such sum- as shall be desired by tne Mexican
1 Government, and tian-^rable b>Mt, shall be drnvetoa to the
• ?<ud Go\eminent by that of the Lulled States.'
Mexico, and our Government did nothing to abro-
gate or impair them, they are valid yet, and may
" be acknowledged before the American tribunals." ■
tocol states, viz: that the le^al titles acquired from
Mexico previous to May, 18-1G, existed precisely
on the same foundation under the treaty as they :
did before, because the Government oi the United
States and the laws of the United States did not
divest the legal title acquired before the title of the
United States was itself acquired to that territory^
* In the easoTif the United States vs. Pereheman. 7 Peters' ,
S3 and 81, Clue! Justice Mar>hall Mid: _ *
'•It mav not be unwoithv ofiematk, that itis ver> unu-ual,
even in e"dse< of conque=t; for the eon-iueroi touomoie than
became sublet* or citizens of the new government would
have been unaflevteil t)V the change. It would have re-
mained tne s-aino as under th«* ar.cu'nt sovereign.
could
time
but their relation* to < ach other and the\j i
remain undMuib. <1 If tni- liethemodmiuk,, e\ui in c..^= j
of conquest, wlio ca'i d.ml.t 11- app le.itim) to l' - • ^
aimealife cession ot U/mtoiy? Hml !-iorlda tits o
ereiEii by an act containing no stipnlalmn re^ectm, U e |
propel tv of individuals, the right ot propeity 111 all tnose «.10
.. teiritoiy liv !'• iwms IVo'u niu
vevin- tlie compound idea ot nirrenueii .
the land- ot tin' peoole wiio inhabit them, « ulu he —
sanlv understood to pas^ the sovereignty oi.ly, and not to
interfere with piivate property."
