APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Treaty of Peace with Mexico—Mr. G. S. Houston.
Ho. of Reps.
The Senate of the United States, in its action
upon that section of -the treaty, struck ouUhe lat-
ter branch of it which provided for the issue of
transferable certificates for the twelve millions; leav-
ing that part which required the payments to be
made " at the city of Mexico in the gold and silver
coin of Mexico." The point raised by the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] is, that under
the 12th section of the treaty, after the latter branch
of ithad been stricken out, the Government of Mex-
ico could not so transfer or pledge our indebtedness
to it as to raise money for any purpose it might see
fit. Now, if he ba correct in that view, then the
protocol is erroneous in its statement. Before I
Froceed to examine the correctness of his positron,
desirS to read another short extract fromNMr.
Buchanan's letter to the Mexican Government:
"It i.N not apprehended that the Mexican Government will
have any difficulty in agrremg to tins amendment, it is
true, that in ease they should find it convenient to anticipate
the receipt of the whole or any part of the $12,000,000, they
might uo this more readily were a stock to he created, and
transferable certificates issued^ for small and convenient
Minis; but yet no doubt is entertained that capitalists may
be found who will be willing to advance any amount that
might be desired, upon the faith of a treaty obligation sol-
emnly entered into by the Government of the United
States."
Now the protocol, although a little variant in its
phraseology from the letter of Mr. Buchanan, con-
tains"the substance of it, as well as the substance
of the treaty, and of what we know to be the law
of the case arising under that provision of the
treaty.' Is it possible that gentlemen can gravely
contend for the (loctrine, that this Government
intended to say to Mexico that she should not
raise money upon the obligation that arose in her
favor and against us under the treaty ? Is not the
money due her under that treaty—$3,000,000 to be
paid upon its ratification, and the balance in instal-
ments of $3,000,000 annually? And cannot the
Mexican Government take that obligation and
hypothecate it, regardless of any provision—of any
restriction by which the treaty may have attempted
to prevent its transfer? It will not do to advocate
a doctrine so untenable, as that an individual, who
holds a claim upon another, may not pledge or
hypothecate it in order to raise funds to be used as
he may see fit. I concur with the gentleman that
the action of the Senate was intended to throw a
restriction around the transfer of that debt; but it
was not possible to deprive the Mexican Govern-
ment of that light, which cannot be detached from
an obligation of this character, viz: to hypothe-
cate it at any time. The Senate refused to altow
the issuance of transferable certificates for the
debt: hence no certificates or bonds of any sort
were issued. Our Senate did not say that Mexico
should not pledge the debt, and thereby raise money;
and while I might admit that the debt is not nego-
tiable, yet Mexico can hypothecate it with a pledge
of her own frith. We all admit that we owe the
money; we also admit that we owe it to Mexico;
that it is her property, absolutely and unconditionally;
that she has a perfect right to do with it as she
may think proper. She can forgive it if she will,
* or she may'give it away, or sell it; and to contend
otherwise, is to argue that the debt is not hers.
Suppose that clause of the twelfth section, which
was stricken out by our Senate, had never been
in the treaty, and the section had been ratified as
it now stands: 'would any one have argued or con-
tended that Mexico had not a perfect right to do
with the debt as she thought proper? I grant that
it is not, in legal phrase, <cnegotiable;"butalthough
not transferable in a legal sense, yet Mexico can
do with it as an individual could do with a debt
under like circumstances—she can dispose of it as
she may see fit.
Mr. STEPHENS interrupted, and (the floor
being yielded) inqimeu of the gentleman whether,
if an instrument, negotiable, such as a promissory
note, should be altered so as to restrict its negotia- :
bihty, he would consider such alteration matter of :
form or of substance? j
Mr. HOUSTON. That question has nothing !
to^do with the case before us. There were no cer-
tincates issued in this case—no bonds—no obliga- j
tions of any description, other than the treaty ;
itself; there is nothing on the face of the treaty
which gives to it the character of negotiability. !
The Government of the United States was indebt- i!
ed, after the ratification of the treaty and the pav- 'i
ment of the ^3,000,000, to the amount of $1:2,000,- ii
000; and all the Mexican Government had,to do j
was, to take the treaty, which exhibited that in- j
debtedness, and hypothecate the debt shown by it j
to be due, in order to raise its funds, if it desired; ;
by a pledge of its faith it could do so, and we could i
not prevent it. I admit that if a negotiable instru- j
men't were altered after it was put in circulation, j
so #8 to restrict its negotiability, the alteration j
would be one of substance,and not of form merely. J
But this is not that case. There were no certificates |
or bonds issued by the Government; there was
nothing but the treaty which showed the indebted-
ness; and the commissioners of the United States
said nothing in this protocol Mflpch conflicted with
! the legal rights of Mexico or the United States,
! arising under the treaty. The Government of the
j United States could not expect to be able to pre-
| vent the Government of Mexico from hypotheca-
ting that indebtedness, although the American
Senate may-have intended, as far as possible, to
restrict its negotiability, by refusing to issue cer-
tificates transferable upon their face. That is
what the Senate intended to do; and the protocol
of the commissioners does not at all contravene the
spirit, or even the letter, of the article of the treaty
as amended by the Senate of the United States.
But I wish to call the attention of the House to
another thing relative to this treaty, and to this
protocol. The country is informed by the docu-
ments which accompanied the treaty, when the
two Houses of Congress were notified of its ratifi-
cation as amended, that the treaty, as amended,
was ratified before this protocol was entered into,
or even before the conversations took place which
were afterwards leduced to writing in the form of
a protocol. I wish to repeat, and wish the gentle-
man from Georgia particularly to notice the fact,
that this protocol was entered into, and that the
conversations which formed it were had after the
treaty had been ratified by both Houses of the
Mexican Congress;and I desire to know why he,
in all the fairness which he would seek to make the
country believe actuates him in this matter, did
not state this fact to the House.
Here is an extract of the letter of Messrs. Sevier
and Clifford to Mr. Buchanan, dated
City of Queretaro, )
Muy 25,18-18—9 o'clock, j/. m. j
" Sir. : We have the satisfaction ro inform you that we
reached this city this afternoon at about five o'clock, ^nd thai
the treaty, as amended by the Senate of the United States,
passed the Mexican Senate about the hour of our auival, by
a vote of thirty-three to five, ithavmgpievioufJy passed the
House of Deputies. Nothing now remains but to exchange
the ratifications of the treaty."
Thi3 letter is dated 25th May, and the protocol
the 26th May, 1848. How is it, then, that this
alleged fraud has been practised upon the Mexican
Government? No such thing: nothing has been
done by our Government or commissioners in the
least exceptionable. Here is the treaty, formed
by the representatives of the two Governments,
amended by the Senate of the United States, and
these amendments concurred in by the Mexican
j Congress before any conversation ever took place
between the commissioners of the* United States
and the Mexican minister.
Mr. STEPHENS wished to explain.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have been interrupted too
often already, but I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. STEPHENS said he was very familiar
with the letter to which the gentleman now alluded.
It was true, the treaty had passed both Houses of
the Mexican Congress before the date of the pro-
tocol, but the Executive, he apprehended, was a
part of the Government of Mexico, and an import-
ant part; and if the Executive, through his minis-
! tcr, refused to sanction the treaty, it was no treaty,
v it was not ratified. The House and the Senate
; might have agreed to the amendments, but if the
President did not give his consent until assurance
was given him by this protocol, it was in vain for
the gentleman to say that the protocol was dated
after the amendments of the treaty were agreed to
by the Mexican Congress.
Mr. ASHMUN. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama allow me to say one word ?
Mr. HOUSTON, after a word of conversation,
yielded. * !
Mr. ASHMUN 3aid, the letter of Messrs. Se- i
vier and Clifford, announcing the exchange of!
ratifications of the treaty, was dated 30lh May, I
1848; the protocol was dated SGth May, four days I
before Messrs. Sevier and Clifford wrote to Mr,
Buchanan, saying—
" We have now the satisfaction to announce that the ex-
change of ratifications was effected to-day. Some delay
occurred after the conferences, in the preparation of the
Mexican copy of the treaty. That wa« finally accomplished
within ihe last hour, when the exchange pf ratifications was
duly made by Mr. Rosa, m behalf of the Mexican Govern-
ment, and ourselves on the part of the United States."
So (said Mr. A.) it seems that this protocol, or
whatever it was called, was four days before the
final ratification and exchange of treaty.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will refer to the point raised
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ash-
mun] before I close my remarks, though I con-
sider U an unimportant one. •
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
says the Congress of Mexico is not the Govern-
ment of that country. I am aware that it is not
exclusively so. But everybody knows, who is at
all familiar with the constitution pf Mexico, that it
is very simitar to our own. While the Senate of
the United States, acting upon a treaty, express
the sense of the country, yet the President of the
United States has the formal exchange of the rati-
fications. So it is under the Mexican constitu-
tion. The two Houses of the Mexican Congress
are essentially the Government of that country.
They express the sense of the people, the feelings
of the constituent body whom they represent, as
our Congress does here; and when they pass in
favor of a treaty, or of any measure, especially by
so overwhelming a majority, everybody knows
that no such thing would be likely to occur, as
that the President of that Republic—any more
than would our President under similar circum-
stances—would attempt to set aside the action of
the Congress and defeat the measure.*
On the 2£th of May the amended treaty had
passed both Houses of the Mexican Congress,
and, in the language of our commissioners, nothing
remained to be done but the mere enchange of rati-
fications. That which remained to be done, ami
which was done on the 30th of May, was matter
of form, and,, as stated by ■our commissioners, de-
lay intervened, because the Mexican copy of the
treaty had to be prepared. As soon as that was
accomplished, then—on the 30th of May—the ex-
change took place.
Mr. STEPHENS again interposed, and said
that he was very familiar with that letter. But as
he understood the constitution of Mexico, the
treaty had to be ratified by the Executive as well
as by the two Houses of Congress; and the as-
surances in the protocol were given to the minister
of the Executive before his consent to its ratifica-
tion could be obtained.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is true that the Mexican
constitution assimilates itself to the Constitution
of the United States in rcspcct to treaties—the dif-
ference being that with us the action of the Presi-
dent and the Senate is necessary to the ratification
of a treaty, while with Mexico the action of the
President and of both Houses is required. And I
| would ask the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
j phens,] and this House, whether this protocol
| was ever submitted to the Congress of Mexico ? If
I it be a material part of the treaty, why did not the
| President of Mexico submit it to the Mexican
! Congress—a body that must ratify all treaties,
and provisions of treaties, before they are consid-
ered valid, or can be carried into effect? So this
shows that Mexico herself did not consider it a
part of the treaty; it shows beyond question that
the President of Mexico considered it no part of
the treaty; because, if he had so considered it, he
y The President of that Republic, in submitting the amend-
ed treaty to the Mexican Congress, in his message on the
8th day of May, 1848, said: " If the treaty could have been
'submitted to your deliberation precisely as it ca®^from
'the hands of the plenipotentiaries, my sattsfactininHfeeing
' the war at last brought to an end would not have Been les-
'sened, as it this day is, in consequence of the'^Hdifications
'introduced into it by the Senate of the United "States, and
'vvnich have received the sanction of the President." "At
'present it suificient for us to say to you, that if, in the
'opinion of the Government, justice had not been evinced
•on the partot the Senate and Government of the'United
j 'Stares, m introducing such modifications, it is presumed,
j 'on the other hand, that they are not of such importance
' that they should set aside the treaty. i beiieve, on the con-
j 'trary, that it ought to be ratified upon the same terms in
i < which it has alre'ady received the sanction of the Amencan
| (Government. My opinion is also greatly strengthened by
i fthe tact that a new negotiation is neither expected norcon-
| * sidered possible; much lesss could another be brought for-
I (ward upon a basis more favorable for the Republic."
