1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
School Lands in Iowa-r-Mr. Lcffler.
Ho. of Reps.
would, under the laws and constitution of his
Government,' have been bound to submit it to
Congress for its ratification; and as he did not
do so, as he did not even make an effort to do so,
it is conclusive evidence that he considered it as
no part of the treaty itself—and it is no part.
We are told that this protocol destroys the
treaty, because the President of the United States
did not submit it to our Senate. I have already
shown, that if it could otherwise be considered as
a part of the treaty, it could not be so considered
in this instance, for the reason that it had never
been before the Mexican Congress; that Congress
had not passed upon or ratified it, and of course it
could not be regarded as a part of the treaty, or in
any way influencing or changing it. Suppose this
protocol had varied from the treaty in essential
points, and the President of the United States had
regarded it as a part of the treaty, and it had been
acted upon by our Senate, would Mexico have
been bound by its provisions? Suppose our Gov-
ernment had found it essential to its interests to
enforce the provisions of the protocol: could it
have done so? No one will contend for a prop- |
osition so absurd. But a protocol is no part of a i
treaty, under any circumstances, and has never j
been so regarded between nations.
My remarks, Mr. Speaker, have necessarily been
of a desultory character. I had no intention of ad-
dressing the House to-day on this subject. I sup-
posed the debate would take place when the Pres-
ident sends us the information we seek to obtain;
and I must say, I do not regard this debate as in
the best taste, for the reason that we have not be-
fore us the information which it is desirable we
should have before entering upon criminations and
recriminations.
Mr. STEPHENS here interposed, and inquired
whether the treaty spoken of by our commission-
ers, in their letter of the 25th May, was the treaty
as amended by the Senate of the United States?
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly; the commission-
ers in that letter call it the "amended treaty;" their
letter is conclusive—fully so. That was the last
act which the Mexican Congress did in respect to
this treaty. It has never been submitted to them
since that time. They had done all that they were
authorized to do under their constitution. They
had given life and vitality to the treaty. And, in
the language of our commissioners, nothing re-
mained to be done beyond the mere exchange of
ratifications. And all this took place the day be-
fore the protocol bore date. I desire particularly
to fix the attention of gentlemen on this fact, and
therefore I repeat it. This ratification took place
with almost entire unanimity by the two Houses,
before one word of conversation passed between
our commissioners and any officer.of the Mexican
Government, or any of its legitimate agents or
representatives.
I have said all I intended to say upon the mam
points of this case. I now desire to propose an
amendment to the resolution of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] I regretted to hear
that gentleman, whose fairness in debate, and
whose decorum in legislative proceedings are well
known on this fleor, say that he intended to insist
upon an absolute call upon the Executive for this
information. I submit, that it is not only a viola-
tion of the usual action of Congress in such cases,
but that there is no necessity for it—none at all.
I hope the gentleman will reconsider his decision,
and submit his resolution in the usual form, call-
ing for the information " if not incompatible with
the public interests."
Mr. STEPHENS. I state distinctly that I can-
not accept the modification which the gentleman
proposes, for the reason which.I stated when I was |
addressing the House—that in July of last year,
the instructions given to these commissioners were
refused. The Senate, as I am informed, knew
nothing at all of this prntoftol.
Mr. HOUSTON. Whatwas the date of the call ?
Mr. STEPHENS. The 17th of July, 1848,
after the President had issued his proclamation.
The President then refused to furnish the informa-
tion. I am not going to ask him again; but I tell
him, and his friends here, and the country, that ir
he does now refuse, I shall move for the appoint-
ment of a committee of inquiry, with power to
send for persons and papers 
Mr. HOUSTON. It amuses me to hear these
fulminations. I have heard them often, and I pre-
sume this will be as all the others—very harmless
in its effects upon any one. But no one knows
better than the gentleman from Georgia, that if he
attempts the course indicated by him,he will have
his "pains for his trouble."
Mr. STEPHENS. We will try it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend now, or at
any time, to speak for the President. Yet, lam
sure that this resolution will not be any more
likely to bring forth the information and papers
(if as much so) as one couched in proper terms.
The gentleman is well satisfied that the papers will
be sent in, hence his threat of sending for persons
and papers. I regret this course of action; it is un-
usual—entirely so; it is in violation of parliament-
ary proceedings; it is almost without a precedent.
The gentleman attempts to justify himself for this
extraordinary procedure by saying that the Pres-
ident refused to furnish the House with this in-
formation when requested by resolution to do so.
He forgets Uiat the call to which he refers, made
in July of last year, was not for the information
sought by his present resolutions; that call was for
the instructions which had been given to our com-
missioners. This one does not ask for those in-
structions; hence the excuse given does not m fact
exist. He mistakes when he says the President
refused the papers his present resolutions seeft;
they have not before,been called for, and the terms
of his present proposition are, in all regards, with-
out justification, and indefensible.
The President of the United States has been
assailed by the gentleman from Georgia in strong
and unwarranted terms—in terms that certainly
do the President not the least injury, but recoil
upon the gentleman. Language has been employed
by him in his abuse of the President totally un-
§uited to the halls of Congress. In this course he
has been left to pursue his own taste and desires;
and it is for the country to determine who has been
damaged by it.
My friend from Georgia threatens to send for
persons and papers. Yes, sir, persons and papers.
We have heard such as this before. In the case
of the demand for the instructions to Mr. Shdell,
we heard much of such talk and threats of im-
peachment. The President refused to send to this
House those instructions, although you had de-
manded them of him, as you propose to do in this
case. Did you send for persons and papers? No,
sir. Did youasktodoso? No,sir. Then whatdid
you do? You submitted; you cowered; and you
would do so again. You dare not bring forth such
a proposition. You have not the most remote idea
of it, and I presume from your conduct you never
had. If you had really wanted to do so, why did
you not do it when he gave you the opportunity?
You had an opportunity just as good then as can
be presented under this resolution. Where was
your courage? Where then was the chivalry of my
friend from Georgia ? Why did he not bring forth
his proposition to send for persons and papers? No;
he did not do it; he will not do it now. I have no
fear that the President will refuse to send this in-
formation forth. . And it ought to have occurred
to the gentleman from Georgia and to others, that
i reasons might have existed at the time these in-
structions are said to have been withheld which
do. not exist now. At that time our relations with
Mexico were exceedingly delicate and tender,
i Only some few days had elapsed after the ratified
i treaty had reached this city; the call was made af
i a time when the relations of peace and friendship
\ between the two Governments had not been rees-
tablished on a permanent basis. These are consid-
! erations which gentlemen should not disregard,
i And there might have been something in the in-
| structions themselves requiring that they should
j be withheld at that time, which may now have
■ passed away, thus enabling the President to lay
them before the country.*
*" Since my remark^ were submitted to the House I have
examined the President's message lefusinic the instruction?
: to our commissioners, and find his reasons for withholding
i them as I had supposed tliem to be. In 3ns message the
J President says:
i To the House of Represer.tativ.es of the United States :
In an®wei to the resolution of the House of Kepresenta-
i tives of the 17th inst.tnr. requeuing the Presidentto eom-
' munieate (if not inconsistent wilh the public inteiests)
j j copies of ail induction" given to the lion. Ambrose 11.
p Sevier and Nathan Clifioid, commissioners appointed to
I now propose the following amendment:
Resolved, further, That the President also communicate
to this House, it not incompatible with the public interest, a
copy of the instruction? of this Government to Commission-
ers A. H. Sevier and Nathan Clifford, together with snch
other correspondence as appertains to said treaty; and that
die information called for in the foregoing resolutions be
not communicated if in his judgment it be incompatible with
i the public interest.
| I hope my amendment may be adopted, and that
] the resolution will then be agreed to. I wish the
i information to go to the country. But I will not
| vote for a mandatory resolution in the first instance.
| I think it highly impioper to assume an attitude of
hostility to, and unnecessarily demand of a coordi-
nate department of the Government, that which
we would obtain by a request in respectful terms.
I do not know that it is desirable to continue
this debate to-day. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] has submitted his remarks. I
have attempted to reply to them. Gentlemen all
round desire me to move the previous question.
[Cries of " JNo, no."] Then I will not move it,
but yield the floor to. those who may desire to par-
ticipate.
. SCHOOL LANDS IN IOWA. '
REMARKS OF MR. S. LEFFLER,
OF IOWA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 8, 1£549.
On the passage of the bill declaratory of the act for the ad-
mission of Iowa into the Union, with an amendment
thereto reported by the Committee on Territories, as fol-
lows : Strike out the word " forty," and insert " three
hundred and twenty," so as to lead, "said laid to be se-
lected in legal subdivisions not less than three hundred
and twenty acres."
Mr. LEFFLER said: I am opposed to the amend-
! ment just reported by the Committee on Territo-
j ries. I hope it will not be adopted by the House.
1 It is important that this bill should pass, and pas3
' now, and highly important that it should pass as
i it came from the Senate, without this amendment.
I It is unfortunate that I am under the necessity of
; asking the House to take a vote upon this prop-
j osition now. Amidst the confusion now existing,
I I am well aware that it is almost impossible to get
: its attention to any explanations, or to induce it,
j without more consideration than can now be given
, to the subject, to vote down an amendment made
| by a standing committee. But, sir, however hope-
i less the task, I feel under obligations to .make the
! effort, assuring gentlemen that I shall be very brief
I in my explanations, and shall detain the House
only for a very few moments.
Beforol say anything in relation to the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Territories, I
wish to say one word upon the general Subject of
the bill, and the pressing necessity for its imme-
diate passage. It is really nothing more than what
it purports to be—a declaratory act, declaratory of
the intention of the act admitting the Slate of Iowa
into the Union. It proposes no new grant of land
to the State, but simply to confirm a grant already
made to purposes somewhat different from those
contemplated in the act by which the grant was
originally made. Under the distribution act of
1841, the State of Iowa became entitled, on its ad-
mission into the Union, to one-half million of acres
of public land. That act also provided that the
land thus granted to the new States should be ap-
; plied to the purposes of internal improvements,
| and should be selected in legal subdivisions not
less than three hundred and twenty acres. This
■' grant, though special and defined in its objects,
!i the people of Iowa supposed might be applied, with
i; the subsequent assent of Congress, to a purpose
different from that contemplated in the act of 1841.
! In the formation of the constitution, therefore,
!' the convention determined to apply the whole
j! grant to the support of common schools. Con-
 
II conduct negotiations for the ratification of the treaty lately
' concluded "between the United States and the Republic of
i; Mexico," I have to state, that in my opinion it would be
'i "inconsistent with the public interests" to give publicity
i t to these instructions at the present time.
j' x avail myself of this occasion to observe, that, as a gren-
I, erai rule, applicable to ail our important negotiations with fot-
| eign Powers, it could not fail to be prejudicial to Hie public
i1 inteiest to publish the instructions to our ministers until
I! some time had elapsed after the conclusion of such negotia-
i . * * * * * *
'' tions. *
