APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 16,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
School Lands,in Iowa—Mr. Leffler.
Ho. of Reps.
tainins: this provision, the constitution of Iowa
was submitted to Congress upon an application for
admission into the Union as a State. The act of
admission was passed without any special dissent
to this part'of the constitution, and thus the people
of the'State of Iowa regarded the transfer of the
grant to the support of common schools as rati-
fied and confirmed by that act. Such also was
the case with regard to the net proceeds of the five
percent, fund. That fund was also diverted by
the constitution of the State from its original pur-
pose, and applied to the same object. Upon the
basis of these two grafts, the Legislature of the
State, at us first session, organized a system of
common schools commensurate with the'wants of
the people, and "attempted to put it into immediate
operation. All the legislation necessary for this?
purpose was adopted, the office of superintendent
of public instruction was created, and a superin-
tendent elected. That officer was authorized by
law to select the lands granted to the State, and to
draw upon the treasury of the United Stales for
the amount due on account of the five per cent,
fund. When this application was made by the
superintendent, the question was raised by the
department here, as to the right of the^State to
apply those funds to any other purpose than that
indicated in the act of 1841, deciding, as will be
- seen by reference to the correspondence, that the
act of admission did not sanction the transfer made
in the constitution of the State, and that, conse-
quently, these funds, or their proceeds, could not
be applied to any purpose other than internal im-
provements. Such are the facts, such the law,
and such the decision of the department; from all
which, it will very readily appear, that the con-
tinued operations of the whole system of common
schools as at present organized in the State, de-
pends upon the immediate passage of this act.
The whole system was organized with special
reference to the probable proceeds of these funds.
And if they are now withheld, as they must and
will be without the passage of this act, the sys-
tem must be either reduced from its present propor-
tions, or entirely suspended for the want of ade-
quate means of support.
That it was the intention of Congress, when the^
act was passed for the admission of the State into
the Union, that these funds should be applied to
the support of common schools, as provided in the
constitution, there can be no possible doubt. The
same question now raised by the department was,
upon the passage of that act, raised in both Houses
of Congress, as many gentlemen now here will
doubtless well recollect. It was well understood
and fully believed that such would be the effect of
the act of admission; and instead of bewg urged
as ari objection to that instrument, this provision j
of the constitution was highly extolled in terms i
the most complimentary to the beneficent intentions |
and intelligence of the people of the State. And, !
sir, in laying the foundation of a new State, so ]
rich in all the elements of wealth and power, des- i
tined to giow up with magical rapidity, and rank, '
at an early day, with the first of the Union, to what j
purpose more beneficial or appropriate could those :
funds have been devoted? iNTot that I should
attempt to depreciate the importance of internal
improvements; far from it—especially in a new
State, so vastly productive in many articles, which,
to be profitable, must find a market beyond its own j
limits. Such is no part of my purpose. But '
however important they may be to the growth and |
prosperity of a State, they certainly cannot be more j
so than a general, thorough, well-devised, and well- j
executed system of common-school instruction, ;
permanently endowed and sustained, carrying its j
benefits alike to all classes of the community. ;
Mr. ROCKWELL, of Connecticut, interposed, :
and moved thtit the House proceed to the consider-
ation of business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HARALSON rose to a question of order.
He desired to know how thcgentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Rockwell] could make his motion,
whilst the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Leffler]
was on the floor?
The SPEAKER said, that after one hour de-
voted to the reception of reports from committees,
such a motion was in order.
Mr. HARALSON did not understand how the
gentleman could get the floor to make it.
The SPEAKER said, the question was on pro-
ceeding to the consideration of business, on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WENT WORTH rose to a question of
order. He understood that the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Leffler] had been recognized by the
Chair—that he was on the floor—that he was ad-
dressing the House—and that in the middle of a
sentence the gentleman from Connecticut jMr.
Rockwell] had risen and moved that the House
proceed to the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER said, that under the rules of
the House, the Chair had always entertained such .
a motion after one hour had been devoted to re-
ports. If the motion was not entertained, the effect
would be that the rules of the House would be
superseded, and that two hours, or more, would
be devoted to reports of committees, instead of one.
When the hour expired, whoever was upon the
floor, the motion to proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table was in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH desired to know how one
gentleman could take the floor from aijpther?
The SPEAKER. Precisely as under the rules
of the House, a gentleman who has spoken one
hour may be stopped in his remarks.
The question "Will the House proceed £o the
consideration of business on the Speaker's tabler"
was taken, and decided in tlje negative.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. LEFFLER then made a few remarks in op-
position to the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Territories.
He was exceedingly anxious that this amend-
ment should be struck from the bill; and although
some gentlemen appeared to be a little restive, he
hoped the House would indulge him a few mo-
ments longer while he should attempt to state the
reasons. This amendment provides that these
lands, appropriated by the State to a purpose at
once so beneficial and so creditable, shall be se-
lected in quantites of not less than 320 acres. All
he asked was, that the State should have the same
right possessed by every private purchaser, to select
these lands according to the legal subdivisions es-
tablished in the public surveys. He asked no more,
and he thought the State had a light to expect no
less. He was frank to say that the object was to
derive the largest possible amount of revenue from
these lands, and to make that revenue available
for the support of education at the earliest possible
day. Such was certainly the wish of the whole
population of the State. But if the State was re-
quired to select these lands in legal subdivisions
of not less than 320 acres, one of two results would
be inevitable : either to'takeagood deal of land in-
different as to quality, or unmarketable from other
considerations. One of these two results would fol-
low as a matter of necessity. The selections would
have to be made entirely from the late surveys,
for in the interior of the State, far from all busi-
ness and all improvements; or, if made in the
settled portions of the State, wh&rc the lands have
been in market for the last ten or twelve years,
examined, picked, and culled over time after time,
such selections, if required to be made in such
large quantities, (three hundred and twenty acres
in a tract,) would necessarily embrace a large por-
tion of indiflerent and unsalable land. To make
these selections entirely upon the new surveys, the
lands so selected would be so far remote from every-
thing to give them present value, that it would,
perhaps, be a number of years before they would
be productive of any considerable amount of rev-
enue. To select lands of an inferior quality, al-
though situated in the settled portions of the State,
a largtf partion of them perhaps could not be sold
for years at any price, and thus the object of the
grant would be indirectly defeated. But if this
amendment was struck out, if you would give the
State the same right that is now possessed by every
private purchaser, according to the established legal
subdivisions, in lots as low as foity acres, these
selections could then be so distributed ali over the
State, so as to make them not only valuable to the
fund, but available for revenue at once.
But, sir, there is another consideration to which
I wish to call the attention of the House. The
great objection which weighs so strongly on the
minds of the Committee on Territories, and which j
doubtless prompted the amendment of that com- !
mittee, is,'that if these lands were authorized to
be selected in quantities as small as forty acres,
all the public lands in the State would be culled
and picked over, none but lands of the very best
qufdity selected, and all in lots not exceeding forty
acres. I can assure gentlemen there is no danger
of any such result. " Jn fact it is not contemplated
that the State shall, directly by its own agency,
make any of these selections. They will be made
by citizens who wish to purchase for settlement
and cultivation. If it were really the object of the
State to grasp all the choice spots of the public do-
main, and exclude the-settler and cultivator, there
might be some propriety in requiring the selections
j to be made in tracts not less than three hundred
! and twenty acres. Of this, however, as I have
] already said, there is not the remotest danger.
I The lands will be selected by settlers and cultiva-
; tors, and selected no faster than the wants of set-
' tlement and cultivation require. This will be the
; mode of selection: A State land office will be
opened, and any person who may wish to make a
' purchase of school lands from the State will go and
j select the lands himself, report such selection to
! the office, have it located there as a part of the
school land, and afterwards purchase it from the
State. There is, therefore, no reason to believe
that if this amendment is struck out, the State
will attempt to monopolize all the best of the pub-
lic domain within its limits.
But in addition to all these considerations there
is another inducement in behalf of the State for the
selection of these lands in small lots, to which I
would invite the particular attention of the House.
A great interest seems to be felt here occasionally
to bring the public land within the reach of evei'y
peison who may wish to settle and cultivate them.
This is very proper, and to effect it, no system
j could be better devised than that now contempla-
j ted by the State in connection with these school
I lands. Under the policy adopted by the State,
i these lands are to be sold on a credit, long or short,
| as the circumstances of the purchaser may require,
1 as under the constitution nothing but the interest
of the scho61 fund can be applied by the Legisla-
ture to defray the current expenses of the school
system. If "these lands could be selected in small
lots, every man, however poor, could become a
; landholder, possess a homestead, and by proper
I habits of industry readily acquire an independent
; position in the community. A home, however
i humble—a permanent, stationary home—is arnat-
i ter of the highest importance; and every induce-
- ment should be held out,every advantage given, to
I enable the poor man to acquire it. But if these lands
| are to be selected in large tracts, the poor mart will
; be unwilling.to purchase, even en along credit,
i because unable to psy the interest, and will thus
i be effectually excluded from the market. I shall
j not detain the House any longer, as there seems to
1 be an evident wish to proceed to the considenUion
[ of other business. I hope, therefore, with all due
i respect for the opinion of the honorable chairman
: of the Committee on Territories, that it may be the
i pleasure of the House to strike out this amend-
' ment, and pass the bill as it came from the Senate.
; It will then be a magnificent grant, devoted to a
i magnificent purpose. But whatever may be the
i decision of the House, I hope that decision will be
i made now. The whole school system of the State
i depends upon it; and if it should be passed over
; now, or referred to the Committee of the Whole,
| it is highly probable that it^vould not be reached
I again during the present session of Congress.
; california and new mexico.
j SPEECH OF MR. STARKWEATHER,
| OF NEW YORK,
i In the Horse of Representatives,
j February 16, 3849,
■ In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
i Union, (Mr. Cabell, of Florida, in the chair,)
| on the bill to carry into effect the Treaty of Peace
j with Mexico.
■' Mr. STARKWEATHER said:
Mr. Chairman: I shall offer no apology for
asking the indulgence of the committee to submit
my views on the question of slavery, which, in
fact, is the great^question' of the day.
I maintain, Mr. Chairman, first, that Congress
has the constitutional power to extend its legisla-
