92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 16,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Starkweather.
Ho. of Reps.
comprises the State of Tennessee. The grant was
maije upon the condition " that no regulation made
or to be made should tend to emancipate slaves."
The peculiar phraseology of this condition is
worthy of notice. The word used is regulation:
" that no regulation made or to be made," so as to
prevent any'law then existing from attaching on
the one hand, and at the same time prevent Con-
gress from exercising that power which North
Carolina must have then supposed was clearly
conferred in the grant " to make alt needful rules
and regulations respecting territory belonging to
the United States." North Carolina has therefore,
by her own acts, grven her construction to this
grant of power contained in the Constitution ? Will
she abide by that construction? or will she now
abandon it?
Again: the State of Georgia, in 1802, ceded to
the United States the Mississippi territory, which
provided that said territory should form a State,
and be admitted into the Union upon thesame con-
ditions as is provided in the ordinance of 1787,
with the exception of the sixth article, which pro-
hibits slavery. Here, then, we have theconstruc-
tion which Georgia has given to this ordinance.
That State could not then have supposed it was
unconstitutional, or entertained the opinion that it
was null and void. If so, why was the condition
annexed to the grant?
The first Congress that assembled after the adop-
S of.the Constitution in 1789 recognized the va-
ty of this ordinance. The preamble of the act
to which 1 refer is as follows:
"Whereas, in order that the ordinance of the United States,
in Confess assembled, for the government of the territory
northwest of the Ohio may continue to have full lorce and
effert, it is requisite that ceitnin provisions should be made
to adapt the same to the present Constitution ot the United
States: therefore, Be it enacted," &e.
Now, if the ordinance was void, if the Constitu-
tion had abrogated it, then no provisions would
have been necessary to adapt it to the present Con-
stitution.
At a convention held atVincennes, Indiana Ter-
ritory, on the 28th of December, 1802, over which
General Harrison presided, a memorial was adopt-
ed praying Congress to suspend the sixth article
of the ordinance of 1787 for the period of ten years,
so as to permit the introduction of slaves born
within the United States from any of the individ-
ual States. At the next session of Congress, (in
1803,) this memorial was read, and referred to a
Committee of the Whole Hous^; and the com-
mittee reported against the prayer of the memo-
rialists.
In 1790, upon the question of committing the
memorial of the Quakers oti the slave trade, Mr.
Madison said: " He adverted to the western coun-
' try and the cession of Georgia, in which Congress
' have certainly the power to regulate the subject
' of slavery, which shows that gentlemen are mis-
' taken in supposing that Congress cannot constitu-
' tionally interfere in the business in any degree
' whatever."—(Elliot's Debates, vol. 4, p. 213.)
But whether this right is conferred by the clause
in the Constitution which I have been considering,
or whether it is incident to the power to acquire
territory, is not very material to my argument.
The fact that it has been exercised ever since the
organization of the Government, and the prin-
ciples of the ordinance of 1787 applied to the ter-
ritories and several ofThe States, and has also
received the sanction of Presidents Washington
and Adams and Jefferson and Madison and Mon-
roe and Jackson and Van Buren and Polk, should
afl'ord satisfactory proof to every reasonable mind
that this power has been constitutionally exer-
cised.
The position which I have taken is sustained by
elementary writers and sanctioned by the judicial
tribunals of the country. I might cite numerous
authorities, burl will only refer to the following:
" Whichever may lie the source whence this power is
derived, the possession ot' it is unquestionable."—1 Peters'
Repous, 543.
Again;
"Rules and regulations respecting the territories of tlie
united States: they necessarily include complete jurisdic- >
tton.'5—5 Peters^ Reports, 44. !
Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries, volume '
1> paa;e 385, says: |
"itwould seem, from the various Congressional regula- i
tions of the territories belonging to the United States, that i
Congress have supreme power in the government of them}
depending upon their sound discretion."
Rawle, in his work on the Constitution, page
227, says:
"Congress has always been considered as entitled to reg-
ulate not only the form of government of the territory, but
also to reserve to themselves the approbation or rejection ot
such laws as may be passed by the legislative power which
they may establish. These laws are considered as emana-
ting from the United States."
Bat, sir, I have another authority, which I think
is conclusive: it comes from the fountain-head, the
people—the source of all sovereignty. They have
ratified and forever confirmed the principles of this
ordinance. For what, I ask, Mr. Chairman, was
the issue presented to the people to pass upon and
decide in the late Presidential election? it was,
whether Congress had the constitutional power to
make such rules and regulations in reference to
the territory of New Mexico and California as
j would prohibit slavery from entering.there; and if
so, whether such power should be exercised.
Was there any other issue? Does any one pre-
tend there was any other issue? Was there a
word said during the canvass about a bank of the
United States? Was there anything said about a
protective tariff? Anything about the disposition
of the proceeds of the public lands ? Anything in
regard to the constitutional power of Congress to
make appropriations for the improvement of our
rivers, lakes, and harbors? Anything in relation
to the independent treasury ? These questions, or
some of them, may have been incidentally ad-
verted to, but no one will pretend that any issue
was made in reference to either of them. Who,
Mr. Chairman, made up this issue, and in what
shape was it presented to the people for their ap-
proval or disapproval?
The issue was made by the South. Georgia,
Florida, Alabama, Virginia, and other slavehold-
ing States, passed resolutions, in advance of the
Baltimore Convention—for I am now speaking of
the Cass party—that they would not suppoit any
men for the Presidency and Vice Presidency, un-
less they would clearly and unequivocally declare
that they wete opposed to the principles of the
provisions of the Wilmot proviso. It was con-
ceded that the North was entitled to the Presiden-
tial candidate. Several prominent men were spoken
of. None, however, were to be taken on trust.
The South understood their interest too well to be
caught. No northern man could be nominated,
under the operation of the two-thirds rule, without
the aid of the South. The prize was a golden one—
the temptation great. General Cass was induced,
under these circumstances, to abandon, virtually,
the position which he had occupied with so much
j credit to himself and satisfaction to the North; to
! address a letter to Mr. Nicholson, of Tennessee,
| virtually declaring himself in favor of the exte.nsion
; of slavery, and denying that Congress had any
constitutional- power to legislate upon the question
in the territories.
Here Mr. SAWYER interposed, and asked the
gentleman from New York to read that portion of
General Cass's letter which showed he was in
favor of the extension of slavery.
Mr. STARKWEATHER said, Certainly; and
then proceeded to read, as follows:
"But there is another important consideration, which
oui^ht not to be lostsisht of, in the investigation of this sub-
ject. The question that presents its-elf is not a ques-non of
the inciea^cj hut of Uie difl'uMou, of slavery. Whether us
sphere be st itionary or progie-Mve, its amount will he the
■ same. The rejection of tin? lestrietion will not add one to
j the chts*- of servitude; nor will its adoption give fieedom to
I a single being who i* now placed therein. The samenurn-
ji heis will be spiead over greater tenitoi v; and so far ascom-
|j predion, with U\ns abundance of the nece.-sanes of life, is
\\ an evil, so far will that evil he mitigated by transpoitmg
|j slaves to a new country, and giving them a larger tpaee to
; I occupy."
j; In the other portion of the letter to which I re-
ferred, General Cass, speaking of the constitu-
j; tional power of Congress over this question, says:
;i " T do not see in the Constitution any grant of the requi-
|j site power to Congie^."
Thus I repeat that General Cass expressed him-
' self in favor of the extension of slavery. I am
! not talking about (he increase: that is a proposi-
; tion too plain to admit of argument.
Well, sir, in this state of things the Baltimore
Convention meets; and in order to render this issue
; morally certain and to force it upon the country,
j nolens volens, the delegation from the state of New I
j York were excluded from participating iij the de- '
liberations of that body: General Cass was nom-
inated, according to the conditions of the bond,
which had been signed, sealed, and delivered by
the high contracting parties. The Democracy of
the State of J\'ew York refused to ratify the con-
tract. She was not a party to it; not even a wit-
ness to it. She was not wanted. The South was
strong enough without her. In this state of affairs,
the Democracy of the State of New York nom-
inated Mr. Van Buren for their candidate, whose
nomination was subsequently confirmed by the
Buffalo Convention. No sooner had the State of
New York refused to be controlled by southern
dictation and asserted her rights as a sovereign
State, than Mr. Van Buren and his friends at the
North were assailed and denounced by the South
with the most opprobrious epithets.
The honorable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Iverson]—a State that has never cast its electoral
vote for a northern President, charged that Mr.
Van Buren " had deserted the South and taken his
stand in the ranks of its mortal enemies;" that he
would "descend to the grave with the brand of
traitor upon his forehead, bearing with him the
contempt and scorn of all honorable men"—mean-
ing southern men, I presume. Sir, this was de-
signed as a direct attack upon the State which I
have the honor, in part, to represent. It is an in-
dignity which, for one, I will not subfnit to in
silence. Mr. Van Buren deserted the South ! Sir,
the South deserted him ! In 1844, when Mr. Van
Buren was a candidate, he had the united delega-
tion from his own State. A majority of the Con-
vention was in favorofhis nomination. TheSouth
had determined he should not be nominated. The
two-thirds rule was put in operation to deleat him.
He was no longer in favor with the South. He
had written the Texas letter. Mr. Van Buren
must be sacrificed or the southern policy would be
endangered. The South, always true to their own
interest, procured, by address and management,
the nomination of Mr. Polk, of Tennessee.
What, I ask, was the conduct of the State of
New York under these circumstances? Their own
candidate had been defeated. Did New York desert
the South then ? No, sir. She came manfully into
the field. She invested her whole political capital to
sustain the issue which the South had made. She
consented to withdraw from the Senate of the Uni-
ted States the only man who was equal to the
emergency—Silas Wright—the eminent statesman,
the profound jurist, the man whose very name was
a host, and around whose standard the Democracy
of the State of New York rallied as one man, with
an energy and strength which defied all opposition.
Sir, the banner was first unfurled in that campaign
in the State, of New York in my own little village.
The names of Polk and Dallas, WWgy'Uand Gardner,
were inscribed upon its ample folds. Under that
banner we fought, under that banner we conquered.
If any one inquired who James K. Polk was, we
referred him to Silas Wright. But, alas! this
eminent statesman, this great and good man is no
more. He has gone, Mr. Chairman, to " that
undiscovered country from whose bourn no trav-
eler returns.'' His memory lives. It lives, and
will continue to lives in the hearts of his coun-
trymen. It is written on ."memory's tablet, and
will only disappear when recorded things are
washed out by the stream of time." Sir, the South
are indebted to the State of New York for the vic-
tory of 1844. And now, sir, what do we witness?
The delegates from New Yoik appear at the Bal-
timore Convention in 1848, fresh as it were from
the field of victory./ The armor of warfare had
scarcely been flung aside, when, lo and behold!
we were met at the vei^ threshold by the South,
and required to take a fresh oath of allegiance—
allegiance to the South—that we would be true to
the Democratic cause, and faithfully and cordially
support the nominees of the Convention. This oath
of allegiance was made the condition precedent of
our admission. Sir, the North were alarmed, and
that alarm was not without eause, as recent devel-
opments have clearly demonstrated. The South,
however, were inflexible. They had the game,
as they supposed, m their own hands. They
could carry the election witlvout New Yoik. There
were the conditions, and submission the only alter-
native. Sir, was there ever, could there ever by
possibility be a greater indignity than this offered
to a sovereign State? I thank God—for the honor of
