1849.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Starkweather.
Ho. of Reps.
my State, of which I feel proud—that the condition
was spumed from her with a dignity which truly
became her character. The issue being thus made
up, the whole patronage of the Administration was
called into requisition to sustain it. Gentlemen of
high standing and moral worth—gentlemen who
had contributed largely to elevate the present
Chief Magistrate to the^position he now occupies,
were turned out of office, not for official miscon-
duct, not for incompetency, butbecause they dared
to differ with the South upon the question of sla-
very, and* their places filled with those more sub-
servient to southern views. Pour country post-
masters were turned out of office in my district,
without consulting even their Representative, for
the sole reason, and none other than that they
differed with the Postmaster General in reference
to the Presidential candidate. 1 have seen the
papers on file, and made extracts from them. The
' charges are, that they were deserters from the
Democratic ranks—deserters, because they were
opposed to the extension of slavery: that was the
test—deserters! Why, sir, if that be desertion,
then there are over one hundred and twenty thou-
sand deserters in the State of New York. The de-
serters are more numerous t^an the regular army.
If they keep on so, there will not be regulars
enough by the 4th of March next to form a court-
martial. And yet, sir, the Postmaster General,
who was so particular as to recommend that news-
papers should be dried before mailed, in his report
at the commencement of the present session, before
the ink was dry upon the pen with which he had
written the sentence of excommunication against
these postmasters, holds the following language:
"It may not be inappropriate to remark, that those con-
nected witii admimsti alive duties of tins derailment could4
not but have observed that there has been tor some years
past a fctiung teefin<r peivadmg the country, that the sys-
- tern had been conducted by an organized corps, extending
-throughout the Union, into every neighborhood, under the
contiol ot politicians at the seat of Government, wielded
with the view ot promoting party pui poses and party organ-
ization, rather than the business and tonal interests it was
created to advance; that the offices were bestowed as the
reward of partisan services, rather than from the merit and
qualifications ot those selected; and that each Presidential
contest is to produce a new distubution ot the offices, and
hence embittered political contests are exeitcd in almost
eveiy neighbuihood, demoralizing in their tendencies, and
injunously affecting the purity of elections.
(l Whilst such apprehensions are enteitained bv a respect-
able portion of the community, a want ot confidence in the
hone^tv and correctness of the officers, however pure and
upright in their conduct, soon shows itself, seriously injur-
ing the business of the offices, and bringing discredit upon
the system itself. The post office system w.is designed for
business puipoj.es, for the cultivation of the social and
friendly feelings among the citizens of the different sections
of the Union, and should be in nowise connected with the
party politic* of the, day. This will give that degree of con-
fidence in its agents necessary to rendet it the most usetul
to the people.
"Thcic does not seem any reason why this business and
social agent of the peuple should be more connected with
them than the officers of the courts of justice, or the ac-
counting officers of the Government. If it were believed
that the layer officer* performed the duties assigned them
With a view to the advancement of party purposes, public
opinion would soon coireel the evil. It the post othce weie
alike exempt from political influence and paity contents,
public confidence would be maintained, and the best inter-
ests of the sj^tein promoted.
"It may be well woithy of consideration if these objects
Would not be advanced, should the Postmaster Geneial be
nominated by the President to the Senate tor a specific term
of years, be separated from the Cabinet, and only removable
by impeachment, and the appointment of the principal sub-
oid.nate officers for a like term of" years be given to him;
and to piovide that no removal should be made except for i;
good and sullicient cause, to be reported to each session of 1
the Senate. j
" I am, respectfully, your obedient servant, i
"U. JOHNSON." i
This, Mr. Chairman, is the position occupied by ;
the newspaper-drying Postmaster General of James j i
K.Polk's administration, which old Father Ritchie j1
has proclaimed to the world will go out in a blaze j.
of glory. Sir, notwithstanding all the efforts put j
forth to sustain the issue 'thus forced upon the i
country by the South, it has resulted in a most !'
signal failure. This failure is chargeable to the ..
South for deserting their northern friends, and I
making an issue which they knew the North i
-ought not and would not sustain, and which, as
the result has shown, the South could not. Gen- |.
eral-CStes, with all his popularity, sustained by h
party organization, and the patronage of the Ad- ;
ministration, has been beaten upon this issue, and j|
General Taylor elected upon it. The reasons are >,
too obvious to be mistaken. The northern Whigs '
supported General Taylor upon the ground that he
j would not interpose the Executive veto to any law
i Congress might pass prohibiting slavery in the
| territories, and the southern Whigs supported him
j because he was a southern man, and could be re-
j lied upon with quite as much confidence as Gen-
j eral Cass, whose mind had undergone such a
; sudden and mysterious change. On the other
! hand, the northern Democracy could not support
General Cass, for the reason that he had declared
; that Congress had no constitutional power to legis-
late upon the-question of slavery, and, therefore,
| under his constitutional oath, would be bound to
| veto any law Congress might pass upon that sub-
ject. In addition to this, many of the radical De-
mocracy of the State of New York voted directly
' and openly for General Taylor; and the Democrats
! of the South would not support General Cass, for
j the reason that his conversion was too sudden and
I miraculous to inspire them with confidence that he
would adhere to his position. Thus, Mr. Chair-
man, I affirm that the sovereign people have pro-
claimed to the world, through the ballot-box, that
they are opposed to the further extension of sla-
very, and are in favor of the principles of the Jef-
fersonian ordinance of'1787. They have weighed
the institution of slavery in the balance and found
it wanting, and have written its sentence of con-
demnation upon the inner walls of the Temple of
Liberty. It remains to be seen whether the will
of the people is to be carried out. Gentlemen may
struggle—they may change positions—they may
temporize for the present—they may delay—but
they will not escape the just indignation of-an in-
sulted people which awaits them. It were better
for that man that a millstone were tied about his
neck, and he cast into the depths of the sea, than
for him to attempt to defeat the will of the people,
or tarnish his country's honor for a mess of pot-
tage!
But, sir, notwithstanding Congress has the con-
stitutional power to legislate for teriitories belong-
growing out of the increase of population. "The
reasons of this increase are obvious. If we look
at the common-school system", it will stand thus:
The number of organized school districts In the
| State of New York, as appears by the returns for
the past year, and as slated in the Governor's
message, was 10,.621; at)d the number of children *
|, taught in the common schools during the year was
i j 775,723, being an increase of "27,336 over the num-
ber reported the preceding year. The number of
i j unincorporated and private schools reported is
1,785, in which 32,256 children were taught,
making the aggregate of 807,979 children who
.receive instruction in the common and private
; schools of the State. The amount of public mo-
, | neys paid for teachers' wages during the year was
$639,008, and the amount paid on rate bills for
teachers' wages was $466,674 44, being an aggre-
gate of 01,105,685 44. The number of schools m
one hundred and twenty-one counties and towns
in Virginia, as appears from the American Alma-
nac, was 3,718. 'The total number of children
educated in one hundred and twenty-seven coun-
ties and towns was 29,122. The amount expended
( for tuition of poor children, including books, com-
; pensation to officers, and all other expenses, was
i only $70,306 08. 1 leave gentlemen to account for
1 this difleicnce. "Intelligence is the life of lib-
erty." It is the fountain-spring of all the future
hopes of the Republic. It is one of the main pil-
lars upon which the permanency and perpetuity of
the Government depends.
Again, Mr. Chairman, if we contemplate this
question of slavery m another aspect, we cannot
fail to see its true character. If slavery did not
now exist in this country, where, I ask, is the
member m this House who would dare rise in his
seat and propose to engage in this unholy traffic?
If he is here, let him stand up. Sir, the very
proposition would be revolting to all the better
feelings of the heart. No one at th,e present day
ing to the United States, the expediency of such || could come to the deliberate conclusion to engage
legislation by no m$ftns follows as a matter of j j in such a traffic. We should be told that it was
course. The exercise of a power must be con- jj an inhuman traffic. The evils of slavery and the
trolled and governed by the results to be produced. .
If the benefits to be derived to the country by the I
exercise of this power will not counterbalance the I
evfl, then, in my judgment, it should by no means '
be exercised. The Constitution was ordained and \
established m order, among other things, to pro- i
mote the general welfare, amUsecure the blessings 1
of liberty to ourselves and posterity. I
This naturally leads me, sir, to the consideration
of my second proposition—the influence of slavery
upon the country, in apolitical, moral, and social
point of view. It is not enough for the North to
prove that their interests would be promoted by
restricting slavery to its present limits. Nor is it
sufficient for the South to show that their interests
will be advanced by extending it to these tern-
enormity of such a traffic would be portrayed in
all their appalling features; it would be condemned
in strains of irresistible eloquence from all quar-
ters, and none would be more eloquent m its con-
demnation than the South. They would tell you
that a traffic which proposes to deal in human
beings as merchandise—a traffic which separates
husband and wife, parent and child, brothers and
sisters, and puts them up in market overt, to be
struck off to the highest bidder, and taken from
their homes into a distant land to drag out a weari-
some and miserable life of toil and bondage, with^-
out the hope of release, and without the hope of
visiting the land of their birth and seeing those
they once loved—wa^ a damnable tiaffic, and
against the laws of God and humanity, and could
tories. Something more than this must'be shown, i j never receive their sanction! And yet, how strange
This was designed for a perfect and perpetual 11 it is! gentlemen are advocating the continuance of
Union. It cannot be perfect and perpetual unless i; this very slave traffic; and the only apology urged
the general interest is cared for. The South would j| for such a course is, that slavery exists without
hardly be willing to take the position,and attempt ,i their fault, and therefore the traffic may be law-
to maintain it, that although their interest might i| fully prosecuted for their profit. In the name of
be promoted by the extension of slavery, that it ji God, and for the honor of our common country,
would be light and just, if it could be shown that l; 1 beg gentlemen to pause
the aggregate interests, of the whole would be
materially impaired thereby. We are, then, to
inquire, whether the extension of slavery is cal- j
culated to promote the general welfare of the coun- J
try, elevate its moral character, and give strength :
and stability to our institutions. Does any one ,
believe this? Can any one believe it?
Let us proceed in all candor to examine this
question a little in detaiU And here I beg gentle- 1
men will understand that I am not passing any j
censure upon them, but looking at the influence of
slavery upon the country. Comparisons are un-
pleasant, but sometimes necessary, by way of |
illustration. Were we to_ compare the value of the ;
crops of the State of New Yoik, the amount of
funds invested in manufacture;, the amount in- |
vested in merchandise, for any given period, with j
the value of the crops of Virginia, and the amount ,
of funds invested m manufactures and merchandise i
in that State, 1 venture to sayjhat the amount ;
would be more than as five to one in favor of the
former. In 1790 Virginia had ten Representatives,
and New York six. Now New York has thirty- -
four, and Virginia fifteen. Here is a political power }
Mr. Chairman, I might here go into a catalogue
of evils, to show the influence of slavery upon the
country in a social and moral point of view; but I
forbear, and will content myself, upon this occa-
sion, by referring to the opinions of others.
Mr. Jefferson said: ,,
" There mu-t be an unhappy influence on the manners of
our people, produced by the existence of slavery among us.
The whole connneice between master and slave is a per-
petual exercise ot the most boisterous pulsions—the most
unremittinir-despotism on the one part, and degrading sub-
missions oil the other. Oifr children see this, and Jearn to
inmate it* The man must be a piodigy who can retain his
manner? and morals undepiaved by such circumstances.
And with what execration should the statesman be loaded,
who, permuting one-half the citizens thus to tiample on the
rights ot the other, transforms those into despots and the?e
nfto enemies, destroys the morals of the one pattandthe
amor pdrxe of the other. With the morals ot the people
their industry is also destroyed."
Washington said, in a letter addressed to Rober£
Morris:
I can only say, that there is not a man living, who wishes
nioie stneerelj th.in I do. to see a plan adopted tor the aboli-
tion of it; but there is only one proper and effectual mode
hy which it can be done', and th.it is, by the legUhttne au-
ttioritj; aud tins, as lar as my suffrage vvili go, shall uot he
wanting."
