APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 16,
30th Cosd 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Starkweather.
Ho. of Reps.
Genera! Lafttyctte, in speaking of the prospects
of thiscountry, said;
"While I am indulging in my views of American pros-
pects and Anieueaii liberty, a is mortifying to be told, that
in that veiy eouutr^a large portion o! the people are slaves
It is a dark spot on the face of the nation. Such a state of
things cannot always exist."
Again, he said:
"I wouid never have drawn my sword in the cau^.e of
America it' I could have conceived that thereby 1 was found-
ing a land of slavery."
Again:
"Tiie character of the institution of slavery may be un-
derstood from the laws regulating it. I will refer to some
of these laws. When any, sheriff or other officer shall
serve an attachment ou-kiaves, hois.es, or other live stock,
and the same shall not be immediately replevied or restored
to the debtor, it shall and may be lawful for such officer.-,
and thvy are hereby required, to provide sufficient suste-
nance for the soppoit of such slaves and live stock," &c.—
Tate's Digest oj the Virginia Latis, ''id edition, p. 68, piepared
in 1841.
The provision for sustenance, when a levy.shall
have been made, is as follows:
"Piovidrd, The allowance so marie shall not exceed twenty
cents pur day for each slave, seventeen cents per day for
each hor^e or mule, nine cents per day for-each head of
horned cattle or hog, nnd six cents per day for every sheep
or goat."—Idem, p. 379.
By the above law slaves are put upon an equal
footing with other live stock.
Here follows an exception in favor of the slaves:
«No sheriff or other officer to whom any writ of'fieri
faaw shall be directed, shall take in execution any slave
or &l.w6-«, unless the debt apd co~ts mentioned in such fieri
facUxs shall amount to the sum of thirty-three dollars, oi two
thousand pounds of tobacco."—Idem, p. 372.
By this law, if the debt is over the value of two
thousand pounds of tobacco, the slave may be sold
and the tobacco kept for home consumption.
"If any slave, free negro, or mulatto, shall prepare, ex-
hibit, or administer any medicine what< vcr, he or shu so
offending, shail be judged guilty of felony, and suffer death
without benefit of clergy."—Idem, p. &3>.
Ci 13y tiit Uniutcs of South Curolma, slaves may be bap-
tized and become Christians, but *hall not thereby he man-
umitted or set* free.'■—7th vol. Statutes of South Carolina,
p. 3t>4.
" Slaves, if manumitted, mu&t leave the province in si\
monfiis, and if they return wuhm seven yeais, to lo?e their
freedom, unless the manumission has been approved of by
the Legislature."—Idem, p. *39-5.
"No negro, by leceiving the sacrament of baptism, is
thereby manumitted or set free,, rioi hath any light or title
to freedom or manumission, more than he or she had be-
fore."—Laws of Mary'aud, 1715, chap. 44, sec. 23.
" When any negro or mulatto shall be found, upon due
proot made to any county or corporation couit of this Com-
monwealth, to have given false testimony, every such ol-
fendet shall, without furthei lual, be ordered by the said
court to have one ear nailed to the pillory, and there to stand
*ot the space of one hour, and then t e said ear to be cut
off, and tlicicattn- tlx: othu ear nailed in like manner, and
cut offal the f-kjmation of one other hour; and, moicovci, to
^receive thirty-rime la-hes oil his oi her bare hack, veil laid
on, atthe public vvhippuig-poNt, oi such other puni-hinent
as- the court shall Hunk proper, not extending to life oi
limb.''—Tate's Di^t of the i 'irainut Law s-, p. 27G.
But we are told by some that this slavery ques-
tion is a mere abstraction—that there can be no
practical legislation ill relation to it; that it is
morally and physically impossible for slavery to
exist in these territories; that they are now tree,
and will remain so; that the moment slaveholders
take their slaves there, their shackles fall off. Mr.
Chairman, if gentlemen honestly entertained these
views, they would not object to the passage of a
bill providing governments for these territories
prohibiting slavery therein. The passage of such
a bill would satisfy the country, antl stop all
further agitation. But we know the South enter-
tain views entirely different. They claim the con-
stitutioncd rti^ht to enter these territories, and to
carry their slaves with them, as property, and
hold them as such; and they deny that Congress
has any constitutional power whatever to prohibit
them from the exercise of this right. Nay, some
gentlemen of high standing and inHuen.ee maintain
that slavery now exists iff New Mexico and Cali-
fornia. The Attorney General of the State of Mis-
sissippi, in reply to an invitation to address the
citizens of Alabama, affirmed that the act of the
Mexican Congress, abolishing slavery, was an act
of usurpation, and therefore null and void. He
also rnatle a severe attack upon the honorable gen-
tleman fiom Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] and charged
that his course was calculated to deprive the
South ot thiileen slave States, and, consequently,
twenty-six Senators in the Nauorial Legislature, ;
and members of Congress in proportion. Ileie, \
sir, is the secret of the southern movement— I
thirteen «s!ave States, to advance their oolitieai I
power, and open a profitable market for the sale of
slaves! Extension is demanded by the South.
They consider the issue made a direct attack upon
their constitutional rights. But it must be re-
marked, that this is not a proposition to interfere
with slavery where it now exists. It is not a
proposition to abolish slavery in the States. All
tl\at is proposed is, to prevent the extension of it
into territory now free; and that, too, upon the
principle that the general welfare of the country
will be promoted by it, its character vindicated,
and its honor maintained. The South, however,
are unyielding. Extension or dissolution is the
only alternative.
And what, I ask, are you of the South to gain
by a dissolution Will separate and small con-
federacies be profitable? Will it open a better
market for your cotton, your rice, your sugar, and
your tobacco ? The whole woild is open to you
now. Will it lessen your burdens for the mainte-
nance of government ? Will it promote good neigh-
borhood I Are no difficulties to be apprehended
from such an extent of northern frontier ? With
the elements of destruction within your own limits,
will it add to your strength and security in-time
of war? Have the free States been unprofitable
partners? Are they too exacting? When Flor-
ida was acquired by treaty with Spain, did the
North claim it ? Did she not give itup to the South ?
Will you dissolve the Union for that? When we
acquired Texas, which has cost the country, con-
nected with the war which followed in consequence
of it, $200,000,000, did the North claim it? Has
she not yielded it to the South ? Will not northern
labor and northern capital have to pay two-thirds
of this debt? Will you dissolve the Union for
acter or escape the difficulty The editor of the
Union immediately proclaims to the country that
a perfect child has been born into the world, and
he is ready to stand sponsor for it; and he calls
upon all to fall down and worship it. I tell you,
Mr. Chairman, the child is born under the law, and
is not/rce. It is not entitled to christian baptism,
but, according to ancient rites and ceremonies,
must be circumcised.
Sir, as the deep fountain of public opinion breaks
up, overwhelming the advocates of slavery, or
driving them from their position, tliey retreat and
assume "another. Like No'ah'sdove, they can find
no resting-place. jNoSv, the point of attack is
changed, and the resolution introduced by ray
honorable colleague [Mr. Gott] is made the stib-
ii ject of severe remark. The resolution is 111 these
I, words:
! [ "Wliereas, the traffic now prosecuted in this metropolis
of the Republic in human beings, as chattels, is coiitiary to
natural justice and the tundainemal principles ot'oui politi-
cal system, and is notoriously a reproacli to our counuy
throughout Christendom, and a serious hindiance to the pro-
gress of republican liberty among the nations ot the earth :
therefore,
" Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be instructed to report a bill fis soon as practicable, jiro-
hibUing the slave trade in the District."
Is there anything wrong in this resolution?
What does it propose? Does it propose anything
more than to prohibit the slave trade imthe District?
The honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Tho&pson,] in a speech made in this Hall, but a
shoit time since, raised a false issue upon this
resolution, and talked in strains of.burning elo-
quence about the right of Congress to abolish sla-
very m the.District. He cited the opinion of Judge
Story, delivered in the case ot* Prigg vs. the Corn-
that? The fifteen slave States contain 900,000** monwealth of Pennsylvania, reported in 16 Peters,
square miles of territory, while the free States con- '  
tain only about 450,000: Is that cause of com-
plaint, and will you dissolve the Union for that?
The amount paid for carrying the mails in the slave
States exceeds the amount of receipts by more than
$550,000 per annum, all of which excess is paid
by the North: You would not dissolve the Union
for that! The free States furnish all your school-
masters and schoolmistresses: I know you would
not dissolve the Union forthat! Theslave-holding
States have had twelve of the Presidential terms,
making forty-eight years, and have nott secured
four years more. You would not dissolve the
Union forthat! .'J'he South have had seventeen
judges of the Supreme Court, and the North eleven;
fourteen attorney generals, and the North five;
twenty-one Speakcis of the House of Representa-
tives, and the North eleven; sixty-one Presidents of
the Senate pro tcm., uml the North sixteen; eighty
foreign ministers, and the North fifty-four; the
disproportion in the army and navy is suit greater;
while the appointments in the several departments
are substantially all given to the South: You
would not dissolve the Union on this account!
But, Mr. Chairman, I will not pursue this train
of thought further. This question rises infinitely
above all such considerations. For what, then, I
ask, is this glorious Union to be dissolved? Let
the country hear it; let the civilized world hear it;
let the fact be recorded as a matter of history: The
Union is to be dissolved, because slavery is not
permitted to go into territory now free. Are you
of the South prepared to make this issue? Are
you willing to occupy such a position ? Who will
uphold you in it? The civilized world will con-
demn you; posterity will condemn you; and the
"Almighty has no attribute that can take sides
with you in such a" work.
Mr. Chairman, every expedient has been re-
sorted to by the advocates of slavery to raise false
issues in order to defeat the will of the people. At
one time we are told that Congress has no con-
stitutional power to legislate upon the question;
again, admitting the power, its exercise is consid-
ered of doub.ful expediency. Now, we are pressed
to leave the settlement of the question to the people
in the Tenitories. Frightened at this proposition,
the notorious compromise bill is introduced, which
was laid upon the table in the popular branch of
the National Legislature without debate. There let i
it remain. AIL these expedients having failed, a :
new system is adopted. The honorable Senator
611. This was a'case which involved the right of
the master to reclaim his slave, under the provis-
ions of the^Sd section of the 4th article of the
Constitution of the United States. The honorable
gentleman then goes down on his sliding scale to
what General Harrison said, in a letter written m
1836 to one Thomas Sloo, Jr., about the right of
Congress to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia. Then he goes up on his sliding scale to
the great embodiment of Whiggery, and tells us
what Mr. Clay said upon the same subject; and
finally quotes wlrat Washington said in his Fare-
well Address about combinations and associations^
with a view to awe the regular deliberation and
action of constituted authorities. -Well, sir, I
should like to know what all that has to do with
the resolution. The resolution of my honorable
colleague does not propose to resist the consulted
authorities; nor does it piopose to abolish slavery,
but the slave trade.
If the gentleman from Indiana had postponed
his remarks until the petition from the Board of
Aldermen and Common Council of the city of
Yv'ashington had been presented to this House, he
would have better understood the import of the
resolution. That petition is as follows:
"The undersigned, members of the Board of Aldermen
and Common Council of the city of Washington, having,
in common with their feliow-eiuzens, long regaidcd with
di>approbation the importation ot slaves into the in>trictof
Columbia for purposes of $<rle or foajfic elsewhere, and
deeming it alike prejudicud to the inteiest of oui city, ami
ojfvnwe to public sentiment, leqyest your honorable body
to restrain such traffic by the enactment of some law similar
in its provision lo that embiaced m the code of laws for
the District of Columbia, repoi t<-d to the ilou.-eoi Represent- •
aiivei m the year 1832, by Mr. Wild**, of Georgia, ,md to
the Senate by Mr. Cha-nber>, of Maiyland, the enactments
oi the adjoining States of Marjland und Virginia on this
subject, or giant to the lee-poctive corporate autNmtieb of
Wa-dwagton and Georgetown such poweis as will enable
them to remedy this evii."
I beg the attention of gentlemen to the language
of this petition. Jt states that the traffic is preju-
dicial to the interest of the city, and offensive
to public sentiment. This is quite as strong as the
language employed in the resolution.
This petition from the Board of Aldermen and
Common Council, presented but a few days since,
asks precisely what the resolution introduced by
my honorable colleague contemplates—(itbe aboli-
tion of the slave trade in the District." Can there
be any doubt of the constitutional right of Con-
gress upon this question ? By article 1, sccuon 8,
of the Constitution of the-United States, " Con-
front Illinois [Mr. Douglas] brings in a bill for jj Egress shall have power to exerci&e exclusive legis-
organizing a kind of territorial State, as though h ' lation, in all cases whatsoever, over such District
baptizing it by a new name would change its char- jj * (not exceeding ten miles square) asinay, by ces-
