J
88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. IT,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories-—Mr. Jenkins.
Ho. of Reps.
and separation of the province of Texas from Mex-
ico, it is useless to inquire. Slavery exists in them
by local municinijl law, and their acquisition or
annexation to us left it as it left their other muni-
cipal laws local to the respective places. The terms
of the treaties with Spain or France, or of the
treaty of annexation withTexas,in nowise affected
the institution. The recent treaty with Mexico
in no way affects the institution of slavery, its
existence., or non-existence, as by law it stood in
New Mexico and California at the acquisition.
How, then, did they stand as to this species of
property, when we acquired them? They were
parts of the Mexican Confederacy, and as such,
free from slavery; because the Mexican Govern-
ment had, in the year 1829, in the exercise of its
supreme authority, totally abolished slavery. This
lav/, " slavery is forever abolished in the Repub-
lic," was afterwards, m 3837, in the law providing
for the payment of manumitted slaves, reaffirmed,
by the declarative law, "slavery is, and shall re-
main, abolished throughout the entire Republic."
The transfer of those countries to us found them
—shall I say free soil?—without the existence of
African slavery as a municipal regulation. This
point was so argumentatively and unanswer-
ably elaborated by the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Stephens] at the last session, as well
by reason, as upon authority, I could add nothing
to it. That is incontestable, as well as the doctrine
laid down by Vattel, by Grotius; recognized.by
Mansfield, by Marshall, by the Supreme Court
of the Union, and confirmed by the concurring
history and recognition of the principle among
civilized nations, that the l/tws and institutions of a
conquered or acquired country remain in full force
and virtue until abolished or altered by the con-
qucrcr or transferee. The Clayton or compro-
mise bill of the last session I voted against, be-
canre it left to laws the settlement of the question
of slavery in the Territories, which laws struck
from the slave all pretence of right in his master
to las services as soon as he emigrated with him
to the recent acquisition. The right of appeal to
the Supreme Court only aggravated the matter.
TSy former adjudications and precedents they would
have been compelled to decide the slave carried
there free; and by the decision, that tribunal—the
purest and weakest department of the Government
—would have been brought into the arena of party
politics, and a great national judge-breaking ques-
tion added to the territorial difficulty. Sir, "we,
the people of the United States"—not the States, or
the people of States, in their separate and sovereign
capacities—"in order to form a more perfect union,
established a Constitution for the United States of
America." The people of the Union, by that Con-
stitution, endowed the Federal Government with,
and delegated to it, certain attributes ofsovereignty,
and among them the power to dispose of and make
"all needful rules and regulations respecting the ter-
ritory or other property belonging to the United
States." These Territories do belong to the United
States, in their capacity and character of United
States; and if the clause beforementioned was not
comprehensive enough to invest of itself, as I
think it does, the Federal Government with full
power over the Territories, what would be, with-
out the clause, the proper construction as to the
sovereign power of this Government over thaTer-
ritori&i? The attributes of sovereignty, (in this
nation,) of peace and war, belong to the Federal
Government.' Incidental to the war power is that
of acquiring territory, and, like any other natural
or individual acquisition of right or property, the
person or nation acquiring, necessarily has the
power of disposition and control. The language
of Chief Justice Marshall, at the head of the Su-
preme Court of the Union, thus announces these
doctrines:
C£ The Constitution confers absolutely on the Government
the powers of making war and of making ppafe; ennse-
qnenth, that Govs-imneHt possesses the power ofaequinng
t^tntoiy either by conquest or by treaty. The usage of the
world if a nation be not entirely subdued, to consider the
hoi,!mg of a fOiiqu'Ted country as a mere military occupa-
tion until its fate be detei mined at the treaty of peace.
If it be coded by uie neat}, the acquisition is confirmfd,
and the eedtd territory becomes a pait of the nation to which
U is annexed, cither on tiie terms stipulated in the treaty of
cession, or such as its new master sliaii impose. On such
tiausvfer ot territory it ha--? never been held that the lelalions
of the inhabitants with each other undergo any change."
Ihe legislative power and control of the Federal
Government over New Mexico and California,
oughtto beexercised. There is almost an imperious
necessity for territorial governments, overriding
all other considerations. Iam against Congress
shuffling off upon the Judiciary the responsibility
of the question of slavery m these Territories. I
am against the Wilmot proviso, as an ordinance to
be attached to the Territory in such sort, that here-
after, when States it is to berelied upon as an obliga-
tion antecedent and superior to the State sovereign-
ty itself—binding and obligatory upon these States,
whatever political necessity, or the supervening ex-
igencies of a difFeren t policy, may d ictate. 1 have be-
fore declared my desire that 36°30'of north latitude
("the Missouri compromise and Texas annexation
line) should he persevered in—run to the Pacific
Ocean. Firmly, not factiously; truly and through-
out, I will so vote, as, if possible, to secure some
fair and just consideration of southern rights, to
migrate to this territory as southern men, with
southern property, if they choose to do so. But,
| Mr. Chairman, I must say, that I legard the su-
premacy arid inviolability of the Federal Constitu-
tion, or the integrity of theJJnion, far beyond the
value of these provinces, a thousand times told
over, even were they a thousand times as golden
and valuable as said to be. Within the limits of
constitutional action I will strive for a fraternal and
fair division between them, north and south, of the
acquisition. I said north and south; they are sec-
tional, geographical terms. The north, I know, is
not the Anti-Siavery Society of Massachusetts, or
its fungous excrescences springing up elsewhere,
like sporadic cases of some pestilential disorder;
which society, the other day, among its objects and
chief aims, set down at Faneuii Hall, the dissolution
of the Union; nor is the South but a galvanic spasm
of revived nullification, that in the excess of State-
rights sentiment can singly, or in opposition to the
other, or combined with it, bring serious detriment
to the Republic. Where Bunker Hill stands, and
as long as it stands !—where Marion and Sumpter
lived, and as long as their descendants live, how-
ever brilliantly as focal points of ultraism for the
North or the South they may shine—still there,and
all over this glorious Union, the great reserved
fund of common sense and patriotism, unseen and
unheard in the ephemeral and transient political
excitements of the day, habitually love the Union
and will defend its perpetuity. Mr. Chairman, I
commit myself to no uncalled-for political combi-
nation. Its purpose—if not that, its end—might
be to control, if not to control, to oppose, to thwait,
the constituted authorities. The people I repre-
sent are not easily alarmed. A fictitious and un-
real crisis only seems to them vapor—smoke. My
responsibility is to them, not to any section; they
know no North or South, outside of the constitu-
tional functions of the Government; and however
this question of going to California with or without
slaves may be settled—whether wisely or unwise-
ly, by time, necessity, the present or the Taylor
administration—they wish it settled; and when set-
tled, still Whig and Democrat, in their heart of
hearts, will they cherish the Union, and as a first
lesson teach their children to revere the supremacy
of the Federal Constitution, and be ever ready to
maintain the integrity of the Union.
I cannot concur with the gentleman from New
Hampshire [General Wilson] in his asseveration,
that he would prefer the dissolution of the Union,
even of the universe, to the extension of slavery.
I am sorry I am not poetic or enthusiastic enough
to come up to any ri^Kt appreciation of such des-
perate sentiment. Whether California or New
Mexico are in or out of the Union, or whether, as
a condition of their political existence, African
slavery exists there or shall not exist there, will
neither dim or impede the bright pathway of the
Union as she courses upward and onward in her
march among the nations of the earth. Towards
the slave it is inhuman not to allow his physical
comforts and condition to be ameliorated by dif-
fusing the points of his residence. The foreign
slave trade is piracy by law now. Whether the
slave may go with his master or not to California,
does not increase slavery or its natural increase.
If it is forbidden by law to carry slaves to Califor-
nia, the only result to the slave is, that he must,
with his kind, be huddled down South so thickly
on sugar and cotton plantations, that slavery will
be limited only by the superinduced disease and
decrease. Itis said a celebrated French marshal, in
the Algerine war, a few yea#rs'ago, circumscribed
the Bedouin Arabs by suffocating them in a cave;
and this Wilmot proviso commends itself to the
enlightened sense of Christendom by the same
sort of humanity and a like warfare. The settle-
ment of this question—law and order for the Ter-
ritory are so necessary, so imperious, and proper
—that within constitutional limits I will vote for
any territorial organization and charter that does
not invidiously discriminate against or virtually
surrender all southern right to participate in the
settlement of these territories. For such discrim-
ination or such surrender, I cannot, I will not
vote.
slavery in the territories.^
SPEECH OF MR. T. JENKINS,
of new york,
In the House op Representatives,
February 17, 1849,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Cabell, of Florida, in the chair,y
on the bill to carry into effect the Treaty of Peace
with Mexico.
Mr. JENKINS saitf:
Mr. Chairman: I have listened with interest to
the speech just made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Thompson.] The arguments which
he has put forth, showing the constitutional right
in Congress to abolish the slave trade, as well aa
slavery itself, in the District of Columbia, and to
exclude slavery from the new territories, were no
less instructive than patriotic in their character.
Without compromiting the interests of the south-
ern States, he has assured us that the discussion of
this subject, and the exclusion of slavery from the
new territories by Congress, so far from being a
cause for dissolving the Union, or even for any
material cxcitement, will quietly be acquiesced in,,
as other acts of our National Legislature are, and
open to the future, prospects realized nowhere but
in the past history of this country. Sir, I agree
with these sentiments. They are the more a treas-
ure, because they come from a Kentuckian.
I cannot agree with the gentleman from Georgia >
[Mr. Stephens,] who addressed the committee this
morning. If there be any difference between the
protocol signed by our ministers to Mexico and
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, this affords no
good cause for abandoning and giving up the ac-
quired territory. Further negotiation is the appro-
priate means of arranging such difference,*if any
such exi^fc. No, sir; I am in favor of paying
Mexico according to the terms of the treaty, and
of providing governments for these territories with-
| out delay. The difficulties which the slave question
| presents, have induced some to desire a postpone-
! ment of this subject for adjustment by another Ad-
j ministration. I am opposed to this policy. Neither
i a belief in any superior abilities of the incoming-
| Administration on the one hand, or a desire to em-
| bairass its operations on the other, can be a suffi-
cient reason for delay upon this subject. At this
time there is no civil government over this wide
domain, except what arises from the laws of ne-
cessity. None can rightfully be instituted without
the authority of Congress. The vast tide of emi-
gration there, composed of the adventurous—those,
mainly, who have had but little experience in the
administration of the laws—must of necessity lead
to conflicts injurious to the present peace of the
people, and detrimental to the permanent prosper-
ity of the country. If there be difficulties in the ,
; way of forming governments for these territories,
i let us make an effort to surmount them. If there
I be dangers, let us meet them, and not rest supinely
! until we are overwhelmed.
! We have heard it said, that if the "Wilmot pro-
I viso" should be embodied in a territorial bill, the
j bill thus framed would never pass the Senate; or
I if it should struggle through that body, it would
i be met by the Executive veto. If these forebo-
: dings were well founded, should we therefore neg-
: lect our duty? Has it come to this, that an opin-
; ion shadowed forth from this quarter or that, high
! or low, should be construed into a mandate; and
j that this House must hence take heed and frame
I its enactments according to the prescribed rule?
