1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Jenkins.
Ho. of Reps.
Such a practice may be well suited to purposes of
arbitrary power, but can have no lodgment in a
government like ours. I complain not that the
President, when he signed the'Oregon bill, gave
out that he would not have signed it, containing as
it did the "Wilmot proviso," if the country had
been located south of north latitude thirty-six de-
grees and thirty minutes. He had a right to speak
for himself. We have the same right, and in case
of disagreement the country must decide. No, ,
sir; if such were the opinions of the President, I
complain not that he has given utterance to them
inadvanee. He has thereby afforded us afairoppor-
tunity to examine the soundness of his positions,
and we have some right to expect that closer scru-
tiny and more ample reflection, on his part, will
yet place his opinions upon this subject in the line
of coincidence with his vast constituency—a con-
stituency whose interests he issupposed to repre-
sent, and whose will he must obey. In approving
the act organizing the territorial government of Ore-
gon, the President gave the sanction of his name
and place to the constitutional right of Congress
to exclude slavery from the territories. All that
remains in his mind, therefore, dwindles into a
mere question of expediency—a question whieh
time and reason will take care of.
But I put this question upon higher ground than
the opinions of any President. Notwithstanding
the force of great names, the force of principle is
greater. The confidence which the opinions of
men inspire, is feeble indeed when compared to
clear conviction, founded upon adequate examina-
tion. A strong sense of justice pervading the public
mind—calm, decisive, and fearless—outweighs the
glitter of names, and successfully grapples with
error in its own entrenchments.
It is claimed by some that Congress has no right
to legislate in aoy manner for the government of
the territories. Others insist, that although Con- [
gress has the right to provide for the government ]
of the territories, yet that we have no power to ex- ;
elude slavery from them. If Congress has the right
to legislate upon the subject of slavery in the ter-
ritories, it is as much a breach of our fundamental
law for us to withhold the exercise of that power in
a proper case, as it would be for Congress to grasp
authority forbidden by the Constitution. Whoever,
through weakness, or from motives of ambition,
withdraws that instrument from its appropriate
field of action and cripples its native energies, in-
flicts a deep wound upon the Constitution, and has
approached the verge of anarchy. The question
then is, whether this doctrine of the^ absence of
power in Congress to legislate upon this subject, is
sound ? Will it stand the test of reason ? Has jt
stood the test of experience ?
No extended aigument is necessary to show
that Congress has ample power and the exclusive
right to legislate for the Territories, and that this
power does not stop short of, but embraces the
subject of slavery. If the Constitution of the
United States were entirely silent on the subject,
the right to govern territories acquired by pur-
chase or conquest is manifestly incident to such
acquisition. The right to acquire carries with it
the power to take care of the thing acquired.
The United States, as a nation, can act only
through Congress. By express provision m the
Constitution, Congress has the exclusive power of
making war. If a territory be conquered , what is
to be done with the fruits of the conquest? Surely*
the right of sovereignty over the territory passes
to the United States as a nation, and through the
instrumentality of Congress the nation must gov-
ern it. If the territory derived from Mexico be
regarded as a conquered country, we obtained the
same right of sovereignty over it that Mexico had
before the conquest. If the exercise of any por-
tion of that sovereignty is forbidden to Congress
by the Constitution, then to such extent, and no
more, is the power of Congress circumscribed. But
the Constitution has nowhere forbidden Congress
control over the subject of slavery in the Territo-
ries. If, therefore^Mexico, when she governed
the country, could control the subject of slaveiy
therein, we can now. If she could exclude it from
the country, so can we.
The rule is the same with regard to territo-
ries acquired by purchase. In the year 1&03 we
Trarcbased Louisiana of the Republic of Fiance.
The First Consul, in the name of the French peo-
ple, ceded to the United States " forever, and in
full sovereignly, the said Territory, with all its rights.
and appurtenances." In 1819 we purchased the
Floridas of Spaiji. This Territory, also, accord-
ing to the words of the treaty, was ceded to the
United States " in full property and sovereignty."
What is the sovereignty which was thus conveyed
to the United States ? It was the supreme power
to rule and govern the territories. The grants did
not stop short and prohibit our interference with
slavery, but they conveyed to us the most ample
and unrestricted power.
By the late treaty with Mexico, we have acquired
New Mexico and Califoaua; in part as a conquest,
and in part as a purchaUP Upon the execution of
this treaty the full right of sovereignty over these
Territories was vested in the United States. Mani-
festly, we have all the rights ovpr the acquired
country that Mexico ever could have had. Whether,
therefore, our title was obtained by purchase or
conquest, the effect is the same. In either case, the
sovereignty passed from Mexico to the United
States. The right to forbid slavery therein passed
to us as fully as Mexico herself had enjoyed that
power. If we have not the same power that Mex-
ico had over the acquired territory, when, where,
and how did we lose it? Amusing, indeed, would 1
be the task of accounting for such a remarkable
-loss!
A distinction may be taken between territory
within the orginal limits of the United States, and
our acquisitions since the formation of the Consti-
tution. This distinction makes in favor of our
power to legislate for the Territories. But suppose
New Mexico and California to stand in the same
relation.that they would be in if they had belonged
to the United States as a part of our territory prior
to the adoption of that instrument, and what is
the result? It will not be difficult to find authority
in the Constitution for the full and complete gov-
ernment of the Territories by the National Legis-
Prior to the adoption of the Constitution, the
vacant lands now composing the States of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Alabama, and Mississippi, and which
had been claimed by the United States on the one
hand, and by various individual States on the other,
had been chiefly ceded to the United States. As
early as 1780, Congress, by a resolution, declared ;
that these lands should subsequently be erected into j
States. By the ordinance of 1787, the government j
of the territory northwest of the Ohio river was j
provided for, and a similar territorial government ;
had been under discussion for the territory south
of that river as eariy as 1784. These facts were
all before the framers ofthe Constitution when that
instrument was made. W^uid it not be stiange
indeed if the venerable and sagacious founders of
our present form of government did not provide,
in the Constitution, for the government of these
vast territories, preparatory to their admission into
the Union as States? Can those who contend for (
the absence of this power assign any reason why !
a subject of such moment should have escaped the
attention of that assemblage? The framers of that
instrument well knew that the power to govern the
territories, under the Articles of Confederation, was
doubted, and hence, they must have distinctly seen
the importance of embracing it m the Constitution.
With these facts in view, the Convention inserted ;
in the Constitution a clause conferring on Congress j
the " power to dispose of, and make all neeufu .
1 rules and regulations respecting, the territory and |
' other property of the United States. The power ,
to " make all needful rules and regulations, is a ;
most comprehensive authority. Law itself is a;
rule The Constitution and the whole hoav of
laws, which this or any country has ever made
are nothing more or less than a system of rules and
regulations. How, then, can it be said that the
Constitution has not vested in" Congress the most
ample power to provide for the government ot the
territories ? The right of Congress to legislate for
the territories is far more ample than that Oi any
State government over its own dominions; for the
States have surrendered a portion of their so\ei-
eignty to the Union: but Congress, over the terri-
tories, has all the power of the State and Genera
Governments combined. . .
If such be our power over the Territories, from
i what clause in the Constitution, or upon what
principle of law, do gentlemen find that we are re^ ■
quired to stop short of touching the question of
slavery? By what rule of construction is it ascer-
tained, that we may travel on in the labor of gov-
ernment until we reach the confines of this subject,
and that then the whole machinery must halt?
Surely if there be any reason for such a sudden
rupture in the round of legislation, the sharp sense
of gentlemen upon this subject would have discov-
; ered it before this very power had been exercised
1 more than half a century.
\ Notwithstanding this ample authority to legis-
; late for the Territories, granted to Congress in the
' Constitution itself, scarcely a week passes without
I a stout denial of this power by those who are in
| favor of extending slavery beyond its present lim~
j its into territory now free. We are reminded of
| the importance of a strict construction of the
! Constitution—of the caution with which we should
! approach the outer margin of power therein grant-
ed. But gentlemen should be cautious aboutgoing ■
too far. The rule which is proposed as our guide
to let slavery into the Territories may let in free-
dom also. What authority in the Constitution is
there for reclaiming a slave who escapes from a
Stale into a Territory? Would it not be well to
see whether the legislation of Congress has not
gone beyond its constitutional sphere in upholding
; the institution of slavery ? The only clause in the
1 Constitution forreclaiming fugitive slaves provides
I that "no person held to service or labor in one
j ' Stale, under the laws thereof, escaping into an-
, ' other [another State] shall, in conseqnence of any
I ' law or regulation therein, be discharged from such
| * service or labor, but shall be delivered up on
! ' claim ofthe party to whom such service or labor
j 'may be due." If a slave escape from a Slate to
[ a Territory, or from a Territory to a State, there ia
j not a word in the Constitution authorizing the re-
| capture of such slave; for the Constitution autho-
! rizes such recapture only when the slave escapes
I from one State to another State; not from a State to
! a Territory, from a Territory to a State, or from one
Territory to another. What, then, shall be said of
' the statute of 1793, which goes beyond this clause
in the Constitution, and authorizes the recapture
of slaves escaping into or from any Territory?
! Where is the constitutional provision authorizing
: the passage of any such statute? But supposetho
| Constitution had conferred upon Congress the right
to make all needful rules and regulations for the
recapture of persons held to service escaping to or
from the Territories, the words "rules and regula-
tions" would then be allowed to mean something.
They would be found full of significance., But let
us nut the question again, Where do you find the
constitutional power to reclaim slaves who have
escaped to or from the Territories? I answer, no-
where but in the clause empowering Congress
" to make all needful rules and regulations respect-
in"- the territory or other property of the United
States." To this same clause, alleged to confer no
power upon Congress over the subject of slavery
ill the Territories, must you resort to reclaim your
fugitive slaves, who escape into or from those ler-
ritories. , , ,
Another part ofthe Constitution throws further
h ht on this question. By that instrument, Slides
are forbidden from entering into any treaty, alliance,
or confederation; States aie prohibited from coining
money, emitting bills of credit, malting anything
I but gold and silver a tender, from making any ex
' post /i/cfo law, or granting any title of nobility.
But no such power is forbidden to the Territories.
: Why? For the best of reasons: the government
' of thpse Territories, by the different States repre-
i j Rented in Congress, is a sufficient guarantee against
IS settm0- up in the Territories what is forbidden ^o
i' the Sfates themselves. But if it be true that Con-
Si gress has no right to govern the Territories, and
! that the people of the Territoi its have a right to set
i up their own governments, then a territorial gov-
i ernment, thus sclf-constitutcd, has the riKht to go
f;Jr bevond tiie powers conferred on the .States, ana
!! coin money, emit bills of credit, make anything a
i. tender, enact ex post facto la.ws, and grant titles of
! nability! Is it believed that it was the intention of
\ the framers of the Constitution to leave to the 7 er-
!' ritories the exercise of more ample powers than
!; was allowed to the States '/
!■ The Constitution guarantees to the Slates a re-
II puhlkan form of government, but contain* nothing
