1849.] „
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
30th Cong 2d Sess'.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Jenkins.
Ho. of Reps.
institution. But the entire South have now no free
isothermal territory. There must be poor men in
the South, who would be glad to live in a climate
congenial to the place of their nativity: why not
provide a free territory where their laudable aspira-
tions for an independent living upon their own
farms may be gratified ?
It is amusing to hear it announced that the
South fought for the country, and if we exclude
slavery, we banish the people of the South—the
soldiers—from the acquired possessions. Let it be
remembered that slaveholders do not carry knap-
sacks upon their backs. It is the poor of the
South who have done that. Tiie slaveholders are
rewarded with the offices. These soldiers—men
who have done the labor of the campaigns, who
have suffered the greatest privations, obeyed every
command, and met every danger—should he am-
ply provided for. Think ye that these men, rocked
in the cradle of virtuous poverty, fought for the
extension and perpetuation of slavery? I greatly
mistake the tendencies of man's nature, if the
daring and brave but humane and sympathetic
poor have any substantial alliance with the insti-
tution of slavery. No, sir, that institution de-
pends upon elements drawn from another direc- j
tion. If yoi^intend to devote the new territories i
to the officers of the southern States who served in
the Mexican war and their wealthy relatives and
friends, and to banish the soldiers from thence,
then plant slavery there. Let the fertile valleys
there groan under its weight until the soil, abused
and exhausted, shall refuse subsistence to man.
• Whether the North or the South furnished the
largest number of men for the Mexican war, has
110 bearing upon this question. Certain it is that
the North was anxious and offered to supply far
more volunteers than the President would accept.
If he admitted into the service a larger proportion
from the South than the North, and refused to
allow the North to furnish its due quota, it may
be difficult to decide which is entitled to the most
credit for patriotism, those who sought the favor
, of entering the service, but without success, or
those who were so fortunate as to win that favor.
If it he admitted that there is more patriotism in
the South than the North, what then? Is*south-
ern patriotism of such a sort that it must require a
corresponding sacrifice of freedom ? If this be so,
the nature of patriotism is greatly changed since
the Revolution. It has descended into the balance
with merchandise, and is more nearly allied to
crime than virtue. The condition of the nation
we have been at war with is such as to afford a
lessen upon the subject of slavery. Brave as our
armies were, it is obvious that they could not nave
expected such unprecedented success if they had
been met by French or English troops; or if the
Mexican race had equaled in valor the intrepid
soldiers of Cortez. Three centuries of slavery m
Mexico has produced important results, ihe sol-
diers drawn from a depressed people who have
never enjoyed the substantial blessings of liberty,
and the officers effeminate with luxury, afforded
Ho insurmountable obstacle to our victorious ar-
mies. I do not uitdeirate the valor of the Ameri-
can arms. They fought against numbers feaifully
unequal, and gained a greater number of brilliant
victories, without a single reverse, than was before
recorded upon the page of history. But I do say,
that if the Mexicans for half a century past had been
as intelligent as the Americans—if the rewards of
industry, enterprise, and individual and national
independence had been allowed to wake into life
and quicken the eneigies of her whole people,
depend upon it, her capital could not have been
reached by the American forces m a few months,
and the existence of Mexico, as a nation, reduced
within our power. Now it is proposed to carry
slavery back into territories which we have ac-
quired, «qs much by its blighting effects upon
the people of Mexico, as by the valor of our
armies. It seems to me that the nation should
pause before doing this rash act. We should first
look fully to the consequences, and measure the
effect of spreading upon the whole northern and
eastern borders of Mexico, for a distance of two
thousand miles, an institution whose very natuie
and construction, lays the country which it occu-
pies, open to successful invasion from without,
and servile insurrection within. Slavery is an ag-
gressive institution. Notwithstanding its incapa-
city for self-defence, it forever lusts for conquests jj ment of Congress; and the Senate, in the celebrated
and expansion. After the passage of the ordinance " compromise bill" of last winter, inserted a clause
of 1787, slave owners, for years, continued to take jj extending the Constitution over California and New
their slaves from the southern States, against the i Mexico. It is not my purpose to inquire into the.
express provisions of that ordinance, into that part |j abstract right of Congress to make such enact-
of the Northwest Territory now consisting of
southern Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. But settlers
from the North and East also flocked into these
States, and in progress of time, the provisions of
the ordinance were enforced, and the traffic in
slaves there ceased.
The importation of slwres into Cuba has been
forbidden near twenty y^ars, by express treaty
stipulations between the Spanish Government,
Great Britain, and the United States, and for a
violation of which the peisons convicted were
punishable as for piracy. The importation of
slaves was prohibited in Brazil by like treaty'stip-
ulations with that Government; yet such is the
aggressive character of the institution, that slaves
are constantly imported from Africa, into Brazil
and Cuba, and sold in market under the very eye
of their Governments. In 1829 slavery was abol-
ished throughout the whole of Mexico, including,
of course, Texas. Yet immigrants took advantage
of the unsettled condition of things in Mexico, and
in face of the prohibition, planted slavery in Texas.
Let slavery be extended to our Territories border-
ing upon Mexico, from the Gulf to the Pacific,
and it will soon make its way, against law, as it
ments. I leave to others to discuss the question
when it may arise, whether the Conslitutionis made
of such elastic materials as to be capable of exten-
sion or contraction by an act of Congress. But £do
maintain that whether these acquired territories be
held within the embrace of the Constitution by the
tacit acquiescence of our people, or by the enact-
ments of our National Legislature, that legislature
has the right to prescribe the terms upon which
such Territories may come into the Union as
States, and to withhold from such States the power
to legislate upon the subject of slavery. Let us
illustrate this principle by a few familiar examples.
The ordinance of 1787 prohibiting slavery in the
Territories northwest of the Ohio river, was adopt-
ed by Congress underthe Articles of Confederation,
before the adoption of the Constitution of the "Uni-
ted States in 1789. After the adoption of the
Constitution, Congress recognized the ordinance ,
of 1787, as a subsisting law, and applied it to the
state of things under the Constitution.
In 1805, Congress authorized the then Territory
of Ohio to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, but required the same to be republican, and
not repugnant to the ordinance of 1787. Congress
has elsewhere, into the Mexican country, and'j also reserved the right to change the boundary of
- * " that State. Indiana and Illinois were severally
thus lay the foundation of another war for con
quest This question, therefore, has an important l! admitted subject to the same ordinance. In 182U,
bearilio- upon our future relations with Mexico, ij Congress, by the act providing for the admission
Place slavery upon that whole frontier, and another of the State of Missouri into the Union, prohibited
hundred millions of dollars will be called for in a j slavery in all the rest of the territory purchased of
few years, to carry.on another war with that coun- |i Prance which lies north of the parallel of thirty-
try—another war for a further acquisition of terri-
tory and the further extension of slavery.
Upon our part we have but one plain, simple,
effective measure to carry out, and that is, to pro-
hibit at once and forever" the, entrance of slavery
into these territories by an act of Congress. Op-
posed to this, measures of a thousand hues, often
conflicting in principle, but tending to the same
result, are put forth with inconceivable vehemence.
We hear from one quarter that the question should
be left to the people; from anothei, that slavery
ought to be admitted south of north latitude thirty
six degrees and thirty minutes of north latitude.
In the joint resolutions_of Congress, passed in
1845, providing for the annexation of Texas, it is
declared that such States as might thereafter be
formed out of that portion of Texas lying south
of north latitude thirty-six degrees and thirty
minutes, should be admitted into the Union with
or without slavery, as the people of each State
asking admission might desire; and that in such
State or States as should be formed out of said
territory north of send parallel of latitude, slavery
or involuntary servitude, except for crime, should
sbf decrees thirty minutes, and excluded north of Ij be prohibited. These provisions, with respect to
that line. One says that the country should at ,I the ordinance of 1787, in regard to the possessions
once be organized into States; another, that one ^ purchased of France and acquired^by the annexa-
Stateshould be organized andtherestot tliecountry
put in "limbo"—neither Territory nor fecate, but
bordering on both. AH of these projects are chil-
dren of the same family, having for their ultimate
design the safe introduction of slavery into the
free'territories. Circumstances indicate that the
whole of the opponents of the far-famed " Wilmot
Droviso," or, in other words, all who are in favor h .-j  —.— , ^ _ T-
of openly or secretly introducing slavery into these ; prohibition, they shall be admitted into the Lmon
territories, will at last combine to form these terri- ■' «•-  « «"<-h admission
, tion of Texas, are in the nature of compacts, and
I cannot be abrogated except by the joint action of
j Congress and the government of a State inteiested
! in such abrogation. If, previous to the admission
j of California and New Mexico into the Union as
! States, Congress shall have prohibited slavery
I theiein, such prohibition must continue until it is
; repealed. And if, during the continuance of such
tones into States at once, without any restriction
upon the subject of slavery. I would not say that
any such arrangement has been announced; tor it
is sometimes supposed, in legislation as in diplo-
macy, that the last thing to be said is the first to
be done. Some portion of the press has for a long
time been laboring to prepare the public mind for
this result.
It has been confidently alleged as a settled ques-
tion, that when the territories become States, t^ey
right to admit slavery or rejcct it as they '
as States, such admission would of course be sub-
ject to the prohibition of slavery; after which, the
action of both the St&te and National Legislatures
would be required to abrogate the restriction.
If an application be made for the admission of
California and New Mexico into the Union as
States, at once, and without having passed through
previous discipline under territorial governments,
it welt becomes us to inquire into tne reasons for
such extraordinary proceedings.
Surely it cannot be maintained that this foreign
and unsettled population, not yet a year out of the
control of Mexico, are better qualified to exercise
have a :.a-- - . - .
1 should deem proper; and hcnce that any restnction v. -  — -- ' , , , c
' upun the temtories against admitting slavery is "of " the rights of State sovereignty than the people of
i no possible atail. This question deserves a passim? ! Ohio, Indiana, and the other new Territories were,
i notice". The framers of the Constitution of the j1 and who were required to pass through the pre-
! United States clearly did not contemplate the ac- j, paratory steps of territorial governments. No,
I ciuisition of territory beyond the then existing limits : sir, this is not the reason for hurrying Cahtoima
i ofThe Urion forno provision is made m that in- j; and New Mexico into the Union as Mates. But
< strument for'any such contingency. What, then, ;! the advocates of this plan suppose, that by making
A new State cannot come into the Union
definite in all its parts, has broken over itsongn r. ^
11iyiit?!nH hronv!11 within its embrace an adtii~ j Umon. rpi
tionS'ar«?sufficient for the maintenance of an em- > as a matter ofartntrary • £*«*  mgb I*.,
pire? Does its capacity enlarge with thcgiowUioi
our passion for dominion r Various laws of the
United States in form prior to the acquisition of , . mr
Louisiana, Florida, Oregon, and Texas,have been upon such conu-Uo.. 8laverywould
are to he partners in the Confederacy, ant. it tne
duty of the National Legislature to judg-e of the
expediency of the measure, and to admit them
: upon such conditions as shall promote the gencnu
iua, ujci'uijjcum j.     u.' _ .
, extended over those countries by express enact-j. welfare of tee Lmon.
