1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
V
103
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Governments for the Neiu Territories—Mr. Hilliard.
Ho. of Reps, *
century past as now, and neither institution has
been more universally deplored than at this mo-
ment.
I refer to slavery as it is, for the purpose of
showing what its fruits must be in our new terri-
tories. What is its effect upon the white race?
Under every form of government having the bene-
fits of civilization there is a middle class, neither !
rich nor poor, in which is concentrated the chicf |
enterprise of the country. The virtues of indus- i
try and economy, ambition, and capacity to in- j
crease in knowledge and wealth, a watchful !
guardianship of their own rights, ancl a vigilant
attention to the public welfare, are their leading
characteristics. In the slave States there is in
substance oo middle class. Great wealth or hope-
less poverty is the settled condition. The con-
necting link is left out. The white laborer is
necessarily the companion of the 'slave; and the
master is as far removed from the one as the other.
This arrangement of society is an artificial one.
it is unsound in principle, and unsafe in practice.
!t consists of a conglomeration of many oligarchies;*
the more numerous the masters, the more arbitrary
the rule. The one is raised as far above a fit con-
dition for improvement as the other is sunk below
Tt. It is anti-republican in all its tendencies. What
is the true strength of such a compact? Probe it
to the core, and see if it is sound'there. Does
each part naturally tend to support and strengthen
the other? No; there is no affinity between the
iash and its victim. A slight change of circum-
stances migjht produce a change of masters. If
{slavery in not safe against internal commotion,
what is its effect in time of war? Slave posses-
sions present an open gateway to the invader.
This is the institution, sir, which gentlemen pro-
pose to send off, as a guard, upon our remote out-
posts, and stretch it along our southern border to
the Pacific Ocean. The Constitution guaranties to
each State a republican form of government; and
the only way to insure that result is, to set up
institutions in our territories which shall prove the
elements of power, not the seed of weakness and
decay.
The effects of this institution are not the the choice
of the slaveholder. He chooses to possess himself
of the slaves, and the effects are as far beyond his
control as the laws of nature are. Send this institu-
tion to California and New Mexico, and you must
send with it all of its incidents. You must take, as
an exemplar, the statutes of the slave States, statutes
enacted not from choice, but as a necessary part of
the institution, and learn the severe lesson of what
must be done. Compare these laws with the past,
and you will not find, in the history of the most
barbarous age, enactments more revolting to the
moral sense of mankind. Yes, sir; if you will
send slavery into our free Territories, you must
send the black code5' there to protect it. You
must teach the people of the Territories to regard
these human bemgs as property—property ofsa pe-
culiar character. You must insert in the code that
this property must not read; that it may become
Christian property, and be baptized, but that it shall
not, for that cause, become free; that this property
must not steal itself, and if it should, it shall be ad-
judged guilty of felony; that this property shall not
commit murder on pain of death; and if executed,
the State shall pay the owner for it; that this prop-
erty shall not take an oath against a white man,
notwithstanding the brutality of the offence com-
• mitted. You must send the whipping-post there,
and tutor the sensibilities of the people with the
spectacle of flogging. Patrols must be sent out at
the public expence to hunt down the truant slave,
and guard the dwelling of his master. The army
and navy must be increased to quell internal com-
motion. The penalty of death must be inflicted
on the slaves for petty offences, and justices of the
peace authorized to flog, maim, or hang them.
The slave must have no right to a trial by jury.
The solemn dignitaries of the law—men supposed
to be capable of exercising the grave civil respon-
sibilities conferred on them by the " ten pound
act," must be the sole dispensers, without appeal,
of life and liberty. Every possible discouragement
must be enacted against the voluntary emancipation
of the slave by the master; and laws either expel-
ling the free blacks from the country, or placing them
in a state of servility little above slavery itself, must
mar the face of your statute books. The slave
market must be enlarged; the breeding of slaves
for sale encouraged, and the strongest ties which
nature has made wrung asunder to people these
new Territories with the victims of the slave-dealer's
avarice.
Whoever learns to look upon a wrong with un-
concern, has done himself a greater injury than the
one inflicted on the sufferer. Is he not to be pitied
who has so subdued his own moral sense, as to
witness with cool deliberation and frigid com-
posure, the final separation of parent and child to
meet a destiny, to them all the more afflicting,
because unknown? The horror of the middle
passage has been dephjjfci by the philanthropist,
and condemned by the civilized world—its fatality
to life has excited sympathy everywhere. Bqt no
bodily suffering can stir anguish so deep as the
mental tortureof separation to those whose only
solace is the affectionate regard of parents (slavest
though they be) and other ties of consanguinity.
Tutor a man to look with disdain upon these
emotions, and he is a fit instrument to carry on
the domestic slave trade. Such a man is more the
object of pity than the subject of censure. He
has lost more than his own liberty—he has lost
his humanity. The question then, is, whether we
shall open a new market for the encouragement of
this traffic? Will such a market improve our peo-
ple, and contribute to the general welfare of the
country? Do a majority of the people in the Uni-
ted States desire the adoption of such a measure?
If not, then our duty is plain; and we will write
upon the statute book the perpetual exclusion of
slavery from the free territories.
GOVERNMENTS FOR TPJE NEW TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF MR. H. W. HILLIARD,
OF ALABAMA,
the House of Representatives,
February 10, 1849,
On the subject of providing Governments for the
new Territories, and in respect to Slavery there-
in, delivered in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HILLIARD said:
Mr. Chairman: I shall follow the example of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Preston*] who
addressed the committee a day or two since, and
proceed at once to give my views of the import-
ance of establishing a government for the inhabit-
ants of the territory recently acquired from Mex-
ico, based upon principles which seem to me to be
perfectly proper in themselves, and which promise
tranquillity to the whole country. I am not in-
sensible to the importance of this question. A
question of greater magnitude has not come up in
our time; and in addressing myself to it, I shall
endeavor, so far as may be proper, to lose sight of
my allegiance to party or section; I shall hope to
treat it as a great American question.
In my judgment, the transfer of that territory to
the United States has devolved on us an important
duty—a duty which we can neither overlook nor
neglect. We are in full and undisturbed possession
of an extensive region,,which was subjected to our
arms during the late war with Mexico, and which
has since been ceded to us by a treaty concluded
with that Republic, the ratifications of which were
exchanged at Q.ueretaro,on the 30th of May, 1848.
By the terms of that treaty, the Government of the
United States is bound to pay to that of Mexico
fifteen millions of dollars, and also to assume and
pay to the claimants all the amounts which may
be due to them by reason of the claims already
liquidated and decided against the Mexican Re-
public, under the conventions heretofore held be-
tween that Government and out- own, as well as
certain other demands which our citizens may
have against the Mexican Government, not ex-
ceeding three and a quarter millions of dollars.
Now, sir, this territory, for the cession of which
we have undertaken to make these payments, is,
as I have already observed, in our possession; our
people are at this moment engaged in gathering
the rich treasures which its mines yield. It has
been wrested from Mexico; it can never be re-
stored to her. I can see no mode of escape from
the payment of this debt. In my judgment, the
national honor is involved in making the payment
which the treaty provides for; and though-i most
reluctantly differ from some of my friends who
have already expressed themselves oj> this point,
I am compelled to say, that while I clearly recog-
nize the right of this House to participate, to a
certain extent, in the negotiations carried on by
the other branches of the Government, so far at
least as the granting the necessary appropriations
I to perfect these negotiations is concerned—holding
I this doctrine, clearly admitting it, being quite
: ready to allow that cases might come up where I
; should be in favor of exerting that right on the
I part of the House, yet, under the present eircum-
! stances, I could not, under my obligations as a
; member of the American Congress, vote to with-
hold from Mexico the payment of the sum which
~we are bound by the treaty to make. A territory
torn from a feeble Government, now in our full
possession, forever separated from the Republic to
which it belonged, must be paid for. To refuse
it would be to expose ourselves to the charge of
national repudiation in a very offensive sense.
Whether we give or withhold a government, the
territory must be paid for in perfect good faith. #I
hold this to be our first duty.
Again, sir, 1 think we ought to provide a gov-
ernment for the inhabitants of that territory with
as little delay as possible. Numbers of our own
people have already gone there, others are on their
way, and these will need our protection. By look-
ing into the treaty, especially at the ninth article,
it will be seen, too, that we have undertaken to
protect those Mexicans who, by remaining in the
ceded territory, have become citizens of the Uni-
ted States, in the full enjoyment of their liberty
and property. How can we discharge this duty,
if we do not provide a government for them? How
, can we protect them, unless we extend over tnem
j our jurisdiction and authority? I say, then, that
j our iirst duty is, to pay for this territory; and our
. next, to provide a government for its inhabitants,
i We ought to do both, as speedily as may be.
Heretofore, every attempt to provide a govern-
; ment for this territory has proved fruitless. An
important question involved in it has baffled the
j wisest counsels. Before proceeding to give my
own ideas of this great question, which I shall do
j with diffidence, but at the same time, with entire
! earnestness and candor, I shall recur to a history
> of the attempts which have been made to settle it.
I It will be remembered, that some time during the
I last session of Congress, a distinguished Senator
i from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] brought forward
in the Senate a measure named by its friends the
I compromise bill, which undertook to dispose oi
' the question. That bill sought to establish a ter-
! ritorial government for the inhabitants of that
I territory, without making any provision for the
adjustment of the conflicting claims of the North
and the South, but turned them over to the judi-
cial tribunals of the country, to ascertain the extent
of their privileges. It passed the Senate after an
interesting debate, and came to this House, where,
upon the motion of my friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] who sits before me, animated by the
most patriotic motives, as I have never doubted, by
a vote of 112 to 97, it was laid on the table. The
proposition failed. There existed too great a con-
flict of opinion as to its effects, to allow the hope
that it would settle the question, it would have
divided opinion throughout the country still more
widely—ranging the northern and the southern
States as contestants before the Supreme Court.
The second attempt to settle this question ap-
peared m an amendment moved by a Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] for whom 1 entertain a
high respect. He proposed to attach to the Oregon
bill, then before the Senate, an amendment extend-
ing the Missouri compromise line to the Pacific
Ocean, in the same sense, and with the same un-
derstanding in which it was originally adopted
applying it to all territory now belonging to, or
hereafter to be acquired by, the United States.
That proposition came to this House, and was
here rejected, by a vote of 82 for, and 121 against
it. The bill went back to the Senate; mat body
receded fiom its amendment; the Oregon bill was
passed without this recognition of the compmmise
line; it received the signature of the President—
taking away from this measure one great element
! of adjustment, of which it should never have been
