1/
X
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Lahrn.
Ho. of Reps.
sympathies which can bind the heart of a man to his
people; but I claim the wider and still more glo-
rious privilege, of being a citizen of the American
Union; and while I love the South, I should love
the South less if it did not form a part of this Union.
No act of mine shall ever do anything towards sur-
rendering the glory and the rights of the section
from which I come; no act of mine shall ever do
anything towards weakening the tie which binds
us together as a common country. I have here-
tofore never participated in any scheme of that
kind, and while God gives me reason, I never shall.
I will encounter any hazard, here or at home, be-
fore I will take part in any combination looking to
any such purpose. There are rights, many rights,
dear to us as a southern people. I know it. But
no man shall make me count the cost of this Union;
no man shall bring me to the point when 1 will run
over the estimate to see what I can afford to give
Up—the South or the Union. I will cling to both.
] will never be brought into a cold, arithmetical es-
timate of that description. If I thought the organ-
izing a government for California would put this
Union m peril, I would forever withhold that
government. If I thought the surrender of that
territory was necessary to the preservation of our
harmony, or our fraternal feeling, I would give up
that territory now and forever. But I cannot be-
lieve that all patriotic feeling is lost in the repre-
sentatives of the people. That cannot be. We
have the manliness, the patriotism, the wisdom to
construct a government, 1 am sure, which will con-
cede something on both sides, and leave us all far
better off, because we shall have disposed of these
disturbing questions; andhenceforth we shall better
understand each other.
Lsee my time is rapidly drawing to a close. I
have endeavored to exhibit this scheme as clearly
as possible. 1 know that in the short time allotted
to me X cannot do it justice. But I believe it pos-
sesses great merits. I think it ought to be seri-
ously considered. I do not pretend to say what
bill I shall vote for if mine is rejected, or whether
1 shall vote for any. But I do say I never will
consent to any enactment on the part of this body,
if I'can prevent it, which makes that portion of
the Union which I m part represent in any manner
less in dignity, less in glory, or less in coordinate
sovereignty, than other portions.
Let the Union stanp, and stand, if it mat
be, FOREVER. I rejoice to hope it will. But,
at the same time, I desire to see harmony prevail
among the several States of the Union—harmony
ike that which reigns in the spheres. If we must
rival each other, let us differ from each other as
one star differeth from another star in glory; and
let us be held togetherin our mighty svveep through
the vast orbit we are filling, not by a binding girdle
of iron, but by the indestructible power of uni-
versal attraction. '
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF MR. SAMUEL LAHM,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 17, 1849,
In Committee of the AVhole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Cabell, of Florida, in the chair,)
on the bill to carry into effect the Treaty of Peace
with Mexico.
Mr. LAHM said:
Mr. Chairman : A considerable portion of the
time of the present Congress has been consumed
in discussing the question of slavery. This, sir, is
not to be wondered at—for whether we regard the
character of the institution itself, the importance
attached to it by the people ot the whole Union,
the consequences with which it is said to be preg-
nant, or the proceedings vsjhich have recently been
had in regard to it, we cannot avoid coming to the
conclusion that it is "the great question of the
day." And, sir, it has not only been the theme
of constant discussion in this and the other end of
the Capitol, but throughout the country-yin the
halls of State legislation, the temples of religion, the
places of learning, the forums of justice, the work-
shop of the mechanic, and the village bar-room—it
has become the great subject of controversy; so
that, were this the first time in the history of the
country that this great question was before the
people, associated as it is with other subjects of vast
importance, and connected with all the bitterness
and violence which sometimes accompanies sec-
tional and party feeling, we might have great
rfeason to tremble for the safety of the Union.
But, sir, the subject is not a novel one. The
people of this country have been accustomed to
grapple with it since the earliest period of their
history. With the fathers and founders of the
Republic, in the Convention which framed the
Constitution, it was the great question of contro-
versy; that disposed of, every obstaclein the way
of a more perfect union of the States vanished like
the morning mist before the gently heating rays
of the rising sun. At a later period our political
fabric was shaken as it were to its very centre by
the bitter and violent contest which ended in what
was called the Missouri compromise. Then, as
now, its influences were calculated by political
economists, its consequences and determinations by
political prophets, until all, from the highest to the
lowest in position, were arrayed on one side or
the other of this great question. Yet, sir, when-
ever and wherever it has been before the people
of the country, and whatever may have been the
degree of violence with which it was discussed, yet,
after all, a settlement of the question was brought
about, in which every section of the Union, with
commendable patriotism, acquiesced; and the ship
of State, having been tossed to and fro for a while
upon the dashing waves of sectional and party con-
troversy, resumed her wonted position upon the
gently rippling sea of the Constitution, steadily
I and with firmness sailing on in the discharge of
her duty to all the people of the Union. Sir, it
will be so again. The violent storms of feeling
and passion which occasionally surround us, and
almost make the stoutest hearts among us tremble
for the safety of the Union, will prove the pre-
cursors of that calm and quiet which has always
followed the settlement of this question, and which
are the result of the sober second thought of the
people.
Mr. Chairman, I have an abiding confidence m
the patriotism and intelligence of the great mass
of the people of every section of our country; and
although the agitation of this question here and
elsewhere is eliciting, as it has done at fornier
periods of our national existence, much feeling;
and although many things are done and said here,
in the North and in the South, which are calcu-
lated to destroy that feeling of amity, of mutual
deference and concession, which marks every ar-
ticle of our Constitution, and gives value arid
strength to the Union, yet I am well convinced
that the whole subject can, and ultimately will, be
disposed of, and that whatever that disposition
may be, will, as on all former occasions, be acqui-
esced in by the people of the whole country, with
that same high and lofty patriotism which has
always manifested itself m the submission of the
minority to the action of the majority, in all great
and exciting controversies through which we have
passed. And, sir, believing this, and believing, fur-
ther, that this discussion is riot calculated to change
the mind of a single gentleman who occupies a
seat in this Hall; and having long since declared
my determination to use all legitimate means in
my power for the exclusion of slavery from the
Territories now free, I propose to discuss the
question, not in connection with the Territories,
but in connection with the compromises of the
Constitution in regard to it, and to avail myself of
. this opportunity to give my views of the nature
| and character of the institution of slavery, and of
property in slaves, and to defend the people of the
State I have the honor in part to represent, against
the base and unqualified charges which are made
against them in a celebrated address which has
' recently emanated from a conclave of southern
| politicians, assembled in the other end of the Cap-
i itol.
j First, then, very briefly, my views of the nature
[ and character of the institution of slavery and of
j property in slaves.
| Under the bill providing for the payment of a
> slave to the representatives of Pacheco, the qucs-
j tion of property in slaves was fully discussed. It
| was claimed by some gentlemen who engaged m
il that discussion, that there could be no such thing
as property in slaves; that man could not have prop-
erty in his fellow-man; and that the laws of the
States creating the relation of master and slave
were in violation of the natural rights of man, and
therefore not binding on the slave; but that still, if
this was not so, yet it was contended that the Con-
stitution of .the United States does not-recognize
this species of property. On the other hand, it
was contended that this species of property does
exist; that it is as legitimate as any other kind of
property; and that it is recognized by the Consti- .
tution, and it is even claimed, that by virtue of the
Constitution, the master may take and hold his
slaves in territory now free.
It is not my purpose to discuss the abstract ques-
tion of propertyin slaves. I do not think that much
good can result from such discussion,forwhatever
might be our views in regard to it were it before
us as an original question, still we are estopped by
tl\e action of our ancestors; and as legislators acting
for the whole Union, under the compromises
the Constitution, we must accommodate our action
to things as they are, and not as we would desire
them to be.
What, then, is the condition of things? Slaves
were held as property in-all the colonies previous .
to the adoption of the Articles of Confederation;
the right of the owner to that species of property
was never called in question; the statutes in force
recognized and sanctioned it, and no ill-feeling
was ever engendered in consequence of it. At the
adoption of the Articles of Confederation, this
state of things continued to exist; slavery was
sanctioned by the laws of all the colonies, and the
slave trade was in full tide of prosecution. -The
Articles of Confederation were adopted, jand no
restrictions or limitations imposed on that species
of property; and although no provision was made
for the delivery of fugitive slaves who should es-
cape from their masters, yet, by a kind of comity
or conventional understanding, all serious difficul-
ties in this respect were avoided. Thus things
remained up to the adoption of the Constitution;
slavery and the slave trade unrestricted, except by
the laws of a few of the States. In the Conven-
tion the subject was fully discussed; the institu-
tion was, by many, as much abhorred then as it
possibly can be now. Much difficulty was en-
countered in making a satisfactory disposition of
the question; yet it was never denied, that under
the local laws of the States, the master did have
property in, and title to, the services of his slaves.
The Constitution itself acknowledges the exist-
ence of this fact, in that section which provides
for the delivery of persons held to service or labor
by the laws of the State from which they have
escaped. This, then, being the condition of things,
and the Constitution having been adopted by ail
the States, with a recognition in it of the fact that
slavery did exist by the laws of the States, it fol-
lows, that whatever might be our opinions in re-
gard to it, were it before us as an original question,
still we are estopped by the action of the fathers
of the Republic, and it is too late to call in ques-
tion the validity of local institutions o\er which,
as a national legislature, we never had, and have
not now, any control.
And now, sir, having yielded this much in favor
of this demoralizing institution, and admitted that
by the laws of the Slates you do have property in
the services of your slaves, let us inquire for a
moment as to the character of this property, and
the nature of your title to it. Slavery has been
very properly denominated a " peculiar institu-
tion/'and slave property a ''peculiar species of
| property;" and this is inferred from the fact that
11 it is property held in violation of the eternal prin-
h ciples of right, and has no one thing to sanction it,
except the bloody codc of the States in which it
;> exists ; and when, therefore, the slave gets beyond
the jurisdiction of the laws by which he is held,
j his 'manacies drop off and he becomes a man, a
!! freeman. This i take to be the law of the ques-
|! tion, as settled both by the English and American
authorities.
In the celebrated Somerset case, Lord Mans-
field, with the unanimous concurrence of all the
judges of the King's Bench, decided that a slave
brought upon British soil becamc ipso facto free:
"The state ofslavety (said th<  Judge) isot&ucli anature
thnt it is incapable ot being introduced on any reasons,
i moral or political, but only by positive law. It is so odious
i( that nothing can be suffered to support it but positive law,"
