!/■
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IW
30th CoNG....?2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Lahrn.
Ho. of Reps.
Union, according to their respective numbers, which shall
be determined by adding to tlie whole number of tiee per-
sons including those held to service for a number of years,
ami excluding tnihans not taxed, three-fifths of all other
peisoiiN "
I believe it is not claimed by the southern caucus,
and has not been by any gentleman here, that the
people of the free States have violated this provis-
ion of the national compact. Under it we have
now in this Hall some twenty representatives from
the slave States, who hold their seats, not as rep-
resentatives of free, intelligent, active, enterprising
citizens of the South, but of men held in peipetual
bondage—men whom the laws of those States have
degraded to a level with the ox that wears the
yoke, and ■ the horse that pulls in the harness—
men who are bought and sold in the maiket, in
violation of every principle of natural right, with-
out regard to anything but the pecuniary interest
of the seller and purchaser. Why, sir, it was
claimed not long since by a gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] that because they are
thus bought and sold, that therefore they are prop-
erty by virtue of the Constitution. Sir, if 1 hail
no other objection to the extension of slavery to
territory now fiee, the one found in this compro-
mise of the Constitution would be insuperable.
Where the piopriety of this anti-democratic pro-
vision in our representation? Is it right that prop-
erty shall be represented on this floor—that m
which consists the major part of the wealth of the
. South—that which by law is placed upon a level
with our horses and cattle? If so, why not give
us a representation for our horses and cattle? Sir,
this is a concession in favor of slavery that I will
never consent to extend. It is a concession in
favor of the South without any corresponding ad-
vantage to the Noith,and one which the people of
the North would never consent to, if it were for
the first time asked of them, in this our day
and generation. But we have been told that we
represent our free negroes of the North, and that
if slavery was. abolished, the South would have
a representation for the whole of her slave pop--
ulation, whereas now she has a representation
only for three-fifths of it. Sir, this is true;
but divest these people of their character of
property—take from the white man the motives
of avarice which induce him to use all honorable,
and sometimes dishonorable means for the increase
ot' this character^ persons, and you would find in
a short time less representation on account of this
unfortunate race than is now here. Sir, the in-
crease would be in less ratio than it is now said to
be. But if even this be not true, still a different
stale of things would be brought about, numerous
as they are, exceeding in numbers the white popu-
lation m many of the States; if even not placed on
political equality, (as I do not pretend that they
should be if even they were free,) yet they would
exercise an influence which would be felt in the
country, and would compel their representatives
here so to legislate as to raise them up in the scale
of humanity, instead of bringing them down to a
level with the brute. And, sir, in proportion as the
institutions of the country would bring them up m
the scale of intelligence and usefulness, they would
confer a benefit to the whole country, and there
would be no objection to their having a represent-
ation here.
Again, 1 may be told that representation and tax-
ation go together, and such is the provision of the
Constitution—representation was the concession,
taxation the consideration; but how often, in the
histoj-y of the Government, have you paid the con-
sideration? Four times, sir. In 1798, 1813, 1814,
and 18i6. And the sum total that you ever paid
into the treasury, under this compromise.of the
Constitution, for your slaves, is §l.:2a6,553; whilst
you received out of the treasury, on account ot
slave representation, under the law distributing the
surplus revenue in 1837, ^<3,186,127 50, to which
may be added §57,556, which-the South received
in 1842 from the sale of public lands, on account
of her slaves, and it will make the amount received
out of the tieasury, over and above the amount
paid into it under this compromise of the Consti-
tution, p,987,130 50 as a bonus to slave represent-
ation upon this floor. Well might Air. Pmckney
declare, in the convention of South Carolina, that
the terms of the Union were not bad for the
South." But, sir, the compromise was made; it
is too late to call it in question. I have no dispo-
sition to interfere with it; but when called upon to
extend or permit slavery to go to territory where
it does not now exist; when it follows, that with it
we extend this unheard-of and ariti-democratie
principle of repiesentation, I feel it my duty to
protest against it.. I do protest against it.
Mr. Chairman, there is one other compromise
of the Constitution in regard to which 1 wish to
make some observations. It is that which relates
to fugitives from labor, and is substantially set
forth in the second provision of the southern ad-
dress. In the Constitution it is in these words:
"No person held to -ervice or labor in one State, uv/lrr
the lev::-, thereof, escaping into another,shall,in consequence
ot .my law or initiation therein, be discharged from such
service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the
party to whom such labor may be due."
In the address to which I have referred, great
importance is attached to this provision, and many
declarations made to satisfy the people of the South
| that in every non-slavehoIdingState,except Indiana
\ and Illinois, " the provision is defunct," and " may
\ be regarded now as practically expunged from the
■ Constitution," in .consequence of " clear and pal-
pable evasions" practised by the people of the
! North; and we are even told that " the evasion by
i which it has been set aside may fairly be regarded
as one of the most fatal blows ever received by the
South and the Union."
Sir, I need not repeat that I do not justify a
violation of any of the compromises of the Consti-
tution. I think they ought to be rehgierusly ob-
served. And, sir, the provision which relates to
i fugitives from labor, above all otheis, ought not
, to be violated. It had its origin not in the Con-
J stitution; it is older than the Constitution; it had
! its origin in the Congress which gave birth to that
|! sacred provision which forever excludes slavery
jj from the now happy and growing States north-
u west of the Ohio liver. It is a part of the very
!' article of the ordinance of 1787 to which two mil- j
jj lions of free, happy, intelligent, and prosperous 1
|! people of the great State of Ohio alone in a great j
measure attribute their present enviable condition.
The last article of the ordinance is in t!..ese
words:
"There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude !
in the said territory otherwise than in punishment ot crimes :
wheieof the party shall have been duly coimcted: Pio-
virlcd uluays. That any person escaping into the sametrom t
wlsnui lab ir or service is lawfully claimed in any one of the
onginal States, such fugitive nia\ be lawfully leelaimcd and
conveyed rothe person claimiiighis orhei service or labor a- ,
aloresaid." !
Thus it will be seen that this provision is sub- j
staiitiully embodied in the ordinance of 1787, and J
is senior, therefore, to the Constitution. It was j
attached as a proviso to that sacred provision of j
Mr. Jefferson, by which slavery, with all its curses, j
has been excluded from that delightful and happy
portion of our country which I have the honor, in
part, to represent. Sir, I would not disturb it. I
would let it stand unchanged and inviolate, as is
the provision of freedom with which it was origin-
ally connected.
But we are told that this provision no longer
remains a part of the Constitution; that it has been
" practically expunged" in consequence of " clear
and palpable evasions" practised by the people of
the North. This is a grave charge, sir, made by
o-entlemen representing m part nearly half the States
of the Union in this and the other end of the Cap-
itol. It is a charge which has been frequently made
upon this floor, and as frequently refuted. Sir, 1
stand here not in defence of the people of all the
States in the Noith; I stand here only in defence
of the people of Ohio, the State I am proud in hav- j
ing the honor in part to leprescnt. She is included ;
in this broad, unqualified denunciation; her people i
have been charged with " the adoption of hostile j
acts, intended to render a provision of the Consti- :
tution of none effect," and by which they have
aimed " a tatal blow at the South and the Union."
Sir, what arc these hostile acts' In what consists ■
these " clear and palpable evasionsWhen and 1
where have our people aimed a " fatal blow at the j
South and the Union?" I
Sir, I challenge gentlemen to specify; I challenge j
then! to come out from behind the coward's fort |
of broad and unqualified denunciation, and name j
the facts upon which they rely m justification of i
the charge that we have violated the compromises
of the Constitution. Was it when, at the lequest t
of a delegation sent by the Legislature of Kentucky |
to the State of Ohio-, the Legislature of Ohio f
a law, enabling the people of the South more
easily to recapture their runaway negroes within
the jurisdiction of our State? Was it when the
very gentlemen at whose solicitation that law was
passed, subsequently came back into Ohio, and
denounced the political party that gave thern the
law, and used all means in their power to over-
throw it? Was it because of this infamous and
ungrateful conduct we wiped from our statute-
book this law which, from feelings of friendship,
we were induced to place there; and which, ac-
cording to a decision subsequently made by the-
Supreme Court of the United States, was uncon-
stitutional? Was it because the people of Ohio,
especially the Democracy, in the late Presidential
campaign, were willing to sacrifice, in a measure,
their own sentiments, and meet you upon the broad
platform of non-interference, and give' the vote of
the State to a man who, in advocating that doc-
trine, made himself a sacrifice for the interests of
the South? Was it because the Legislature of
our State at its present session repealed our black
laws, thereby permitting your free negroes to.come •
among us without any restrictions, relieving :y tf
m a great measure from what you consider a
greater evil than slavery itself? Was it because'1^
ninety-nine out of every hundred of our citizens
have always afforded you all reasonable aid in
recapturing your slaves? Oris it because a very few
of our citizens, living, as they do, in a State where
liberty is the boast and the birthright of every
creature wearing the image of his God, abhorring
slavery in principle, have the audacity, in the
exercise of the sacred right of free discussion, to
advocate the doctrine of universal emancipation?
Are these the offences of which we have been
guilty—the " clear and palpable evasions" of the
Constitution, by which we have aimed a."fatal
blow at the South and the Union ?" No, sir, no;
the Address does not say so.
Sir, these very patriotic gentlemen, who con-
vened in secret caucus with a view to advfse their
constituents of the aggressions that had been made
upon their rights by the people of the North, sat-
! isfied themselves, as is their custom when speak-
1 ing on this subject, with making broad and denun-
! ciatory declarations, without the shadow of a
j foundation to base them upon, and without pre-
1 senting any facts in a tangible shape from which
| their constituents and the people of the Union may
; judge as to the correctness of their declarations.
" The citizens of the South," say they, " in their
' attempt to recover their slaves, now meet, instead
' of aid and cooperation, resistance from all jsides:
' resistance from hostile acts of legislation, intended
' to baffle and defeat their claims by all sorts of
' devices, and by interposing every description of
'impediment; resistance from judges and magis-
' trates; and,finally, whenall these fail, from mobs,
' composed'of whites and blacks, which, by threats
1 or force, rescue the fugitive slave from the posses-
1 sion of his rightful owner." Sir, I can assure these
gentlemen, that so far as Ohio is implicated, they
are entirely mistaken; we have passed no hostile
acts of legislation intended to throw obstacles m the
way of the recapture of slaves. Our judges and
magistrates have not interposed any resistance to
your just claims; neither have I known of any
mobs, " composed of whites and blacks," raised
for the purpose of " rescuing fugitive slaves from
the possession of their rightful owners." All
these things are new to me; they will be new to
the people of Ohio; they have known of no sucfr
; things; they would sanction no such things; they
1 are attached to the Union, to the compromises of
j the Constitution; they abhor slavery, but they
still chciish the Union. True, we have abolition-
i ists ill our midst, isolated individuals, perhaps,
; who would sever the Union, if thereby they could
' bung about universal emancipation. They are few
in number; they receive no sympathy from the
! great mass of our people; their number is not suf-
ficient to give them much power, either for great
' evil or great good. They have their societies,
their conventions, and their fairs, lliey use all
legitimate means within their power to promote
' their objects and accomplish their ends; still they
[ aie not "mobs, composed of whites and blacks;"
they are free, active, intelligent citizens, acting,
j most of them, in discharge of what they believe to
j be a moral and religious duty. Sir, I have no
