\ / S
no
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Lahm.
•Ho. of Reps.
sympathies with them; I have always disapproved
their course; for twelve years I have not attended
any of their meetings; the first public speech I
ever made in Ohio was in opposition to their
schemes. I believe they have been instrumental
of some good and of much evil; yet they have an
importance in the South which they never had in
the North; they are diminishing in ijumbers.
Abolish slavery and the slave trade in the District
of Columbia, and exclude slavery from the terri-
tories now free, and you deprive them of the only
food which gives them nourishment and strength,
and keeps them alive with power, as a party, to
advocate the doctrine of dissolution or universal
emancipation.
But, sir, what are the rights of the people of the
South, and the duties of the people of the North,
under this provision of the Constitution ? In the
Articles of Confederation there was no provision
on this subject. So far as regarded the institution
of slavery, the States were as independent of each
other as though they had not been associated for
any purposes. The people of the North had'
already begun to agitate the question of emanci-
pation, and some of the States had parsed laws of
■abolition. Persons held to service or labor in the
j-sslave States began to escape into'those that were
' free. Already some of the npn-slaveholding States
%ad passed laws providing that slaves coming
into them, and remaining a certain length of time,
should be discharged from servitude. It was as
well settled then as it is now, that " there is no
' general principle in the law of nations which re-
' quires a surrender of a fugitive slave, and that
'the surrender must be required by compact."
Hence the necessity of making specific provision
prohibiting the States from legislating freedom to
slaves who should escape from their masters, and
providing that they should be delivered up on
claim of their owners. The object of the provision
was well understood in the North and in the South.
This is evident from the remarks of Judge Iredell,
made when speaking of this provision, in the North
Carolina ratifying Convention:
" In some of the northern State's they have emancipated
ali of their slaves. If any one of our slaves go there, and
remain tluiro ti certain lime, they would, by the present laws,
be entitled to their freedom; so that their masters could not
get thorn again. This would be extremely prejudicial to the
inhabitants of the southern States; and, to prevent it, this
clause is inserted in the Constitution'."
Hence, also, in the South Carolina Convention,
Charles C. Pinckney said:
" We have obtained a right to recover our slaves, in what-
ever part of America they may takeicfuge; which is a light
We had not before."
Hcftice also Mr. Madison, in the Virginia Con-
vention:
"At present, if any slave elopfs to any of those States
where slaves aie free, he becomes emancipated by their
laws: for the laws of the States are uiiellautable to one
another in tins, respect."
Also, Judge McLean, in the case of Prigg vs.
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania:
"At an eaily period of our hi-.toiy. slavery existed in all
the colonies; and fugitives from labor were claimed and
delivered up under a spirit o! comity or conventional law
among the Colonies. TheAitieles of Confederation con-
tained no provision on the subject, and there can be no
doubt but the provision introduced into the Constitution was
the result of experience and manifest necessity."
Thus, sir, it will be seen, that the provision was
entirely for the benefit of the South, intended to
guard and protect the owners of slaves against
evils which had already begun to manifest them-
selves, by providing that the free States should
pass no law, nor make any regulation, by which
persons coming into the free States from whom
servicc or labor was due m any of the other States,
should be discharged from such service or labor.
The provision thus far is plain. It was intended,
in a word, simply to prohibit the free States from
legislating freedom to runaway negroes, to pro-
hibit them from continuing that character of legis-
lation which had been adopted, and which had
proved detrimental to the interests of the people
of the South. And now, sir, I challenge gentle-
men to show wherein the Legislature of Ohio has
ever violated that part of that compromise of the
Constitution. When has our State ever passed any
law, or made any regulation, by which slaves or
other persons held to labor, coming within the
State, were made free, or discharged from such
labor? You may ransack the history of our legis-
lation from the commencement of our State Gov- ;
ernment down to the present time, and you will
find no such law, no such regulation. But, sir,
the free States are not only prohibited by this pro-
vision of the Constitution from passing any law,
or making any regulation, by which persons held
to service or labor shall be discharged from such
service or labdr; but it is further provided that
they shatl be delivered up on claim of the party
to whom such service or labor is due.
Mr. Chairman, there has nevter been any differ-
ence of opinion in regard to the first clause of this
provision of the Constitution, and I doubt whether
a single act of legislation can be found in any of
the States in violation of it; but, sir, the latter
clause is not so clear, and there has existed in the
North and the South a difference of opinion in re-
gard to it. The southern address, in speaking of
this provision says:
"All is clear. There is not an uncertain or equivocal word
to be found in the whole provision. What shall not be done,
and what shall be done', are fully and explicitly f-et forth.
The former provides that the fugitive slave shall not be
discharged from his servitude by any law or regulation of
the State wherein he is found; and the latter, that he shall
be deliveted up on claim oi hisowner:"
Now, sir, I would ask those gentlemen whether
this latter clause is so clear as they pretend it is ?
"Ae slave shall be delivered up on claim: delivered
up by whom?—by the State m which he is found,
on requisition to the Governor? It was never so
understood. By the person in whose possession he
is found? Mo such construction has ever been
given to the article. By whom, then, is he to be
delivered up? What is " the plain meaning and,
true intent" of this provision? Why, says this
address:
" What that meaning and intent are, there was no diver-
sity of opinion. In the better days of the Republic, prior to
1819, Congress, State Legislatures, State and Federal judges,
and magistrates, and people, all spontaneously placed the
same interpietation on it." t
But, sir, I ask, what was that interpretation?
Why does not this address tell the people of the
South what the action of Congress was in the
" better days of the Republic?" Why do these gen-
tlemen, in speaking of the "better days of the
Republic, prior to 1819," content themselves with
coming down, and citing from two decisions of
the courts, both of which were made within the
last ten years ? Sir, I repeat, why have we not
been informed what the interpretation was in the
better days of the Republic? The Congress of
1793, consisting m part of many of the very best
men who sat in convention, and aided in making
the Constitution, supposed that they understood
the " true intent and meaning" of this provision.
They legislated in regard to it; and with a view to
carrying it into execution, provided by law—
" That when a person held to labor m any of the United
States, or in either of the Territories northwest oi south of
th<j liver Ohio, uiulei the Jaws thereof, shall escape into any
other of the said States or Territory, tile person to whom such
seiviee or labor may be due, his agent or attorney, is hereby
empowered to sei^e or ai rest Mich fugitive fiom labo),aud
to take him or her before any judge of the circuit oi district
courts of the United Stales, residing or" being within the
State, or before any magistrate ot a county, city, or town
corpoiate, wherein such seizure or arrest phall be made; and
upon ^roof to the satisfaction of such judge or magistrate,
cither by oral testimony or affidavit, taken before and cei-
tified by a magistiate of any such St.ue ot Teiniui.v, that the
peison so seized or airested doth, under the law* ot the State
or Territoiy from which he or she fled, owe service or labor
to the person claiming him or her, it shall be the duty of
such judge or magistrate to give a certificate thercuf to such
claimant, his agent or attorney, which shall be sufficient
warrant tor removing the said fugitive from labor, to the
State or Territory from Milch he or she fled.y'—Section 3d,
law oj i~y3.
Here, sir, it will be seen that they authorized
the " master to pursue his slave, and seize or arrest
him, and take him before a judge of the circuit or
district courts of the United States, or before a
magistrate of a county, city, or town corporate, and
on making proof that the person was a slave in the
State from which he had fled, the judge or magis-
trate was to give a certificate of this fact to the
claimant, and this was his warrant for removing
him to the State or Territoiy from which he had
fled." Sir, this was the construction given to this
provision in the better days of the Republic. Who
changed this construction? Was it the people of
the North ? the State magistrates and the State
courts? No, sir; it was the Supreme Court of the i
United States, consisting of northern and southern !
judges. It was done by this very decision of Prigg !
against the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, from 1
which this southern address quotes largely to show |
what the object of the provision was. With
southern gentlemen, therefore, it is good author-
ity, What does it say?—
" The clause relating to fugitive slaves is found in the Na-
tional Constitution, and not in that ot any State. Jt might
well be deemed an unconstitutional exercise of the power
of interpretation, to insist that the States are bound to pro-
vide means to carry into effect the duties of the National
Government, nowhere delegated or intrusted to them by the
Constitution. On the contrary, the natuial, if not the neces-
sary, conclusion if?, that the National Government, in the
absence of all positive provisions to the contrary, is bound,
through its own proper departments—legislative, executive,
and judiciary, as the case may require—tp carry into effect
all the rights and duties imposed upon it by the Constitu-
tion."
Again:
"The provisions of the sections of the act of Congress of
12tft February, 1793, on the subject of fugitive slrtves, as
well as relative to fugitives from justice, cover both the sub-
jects—not because thev exhaust the remedies whir h may be
applied by Congress to' enforce the rights, if the provisions,
in piactice, shall be found not to attain the objects of the
Constitution, but because they point out all the modes of
attaining the objects which Congress has as yet deemed ex-
pedient and proper. If this is so, it would seem, on just
principles of construction, that the legislation of Congress,
if constitutional, must supersede all State legislation on the
same subject, and by necessary implication prohibit it.
Where Congress have an exclusive power over a subject,
it is not competent for State legislation to interfere."
Again:
"The provision of the act of 1793 relative to fugitive
slaves is clearly constitutional in all its leading provisions;
and, indeed, with the exception of that part which confers
authority on State magistrates, is free from reasonable doubt
or difficulty. As to the authority so conferred on State ma-
gistrates, while a difference of opinion exi.-ts, and may ex-
st, on this point, m different Stales, whether State magis-
trates are bound to act under it, none is entertained by the
court that estate magistrates may, if they choose, exercise
the authority, unless prohibited by State legislation.
"The power of Jegislauon m relation to fugitives fiom
labor is exclusive in tiie National "Legislature.:}
Here, Mr. Chairman, is the true construction of
this provision of the Constitution—a construction
given it by the highest judicial tribunal known to
our laws—a tribunal consisting of northern and of
southern men—and cannot, therefore, be said to be
a sectional construction. By this decision, it is
settled that "the power of legislation in relation to
fugitives from labor is exclusive'in the National
Legislature;" that State legislation in regard to
them would be a usurpation of power by the
States; and to require State magistrates to exer-
cise aoy of the duties which belong exclusively to
national officers, would be a gr<jss infringement
upon the rights of the States. The people of the
North have adopted this construction. Some of
the States have passed laws prohibiting their ma-
gistrates from thus usurping the duties of the na-
tional officers. They have provided for a strict
execution of this provision, in accordance with
the construction that has been given it by the
highest judicial tribunal in the country. IVhafe
more could they do? What more could the South
ask them to do? We passed laws to aid you in
the recapture of your slaves. By your conduct*
you forced upon us an issue, in a suit, in which
the validity of these laws was called in question;
and the decision of your own judges declared them
unconstitutional. To that decision we bow with
submission.
But says this address: " We do not deem it
' necessary to undertake to refute the sophistry
' and subterfuges by which so plain a provision of
< the Constitution has been evaded and in effect
( annulled.5' Sir, I ask these gentlemen what soph-
istry, what subterfuges have the people of the
North used in evading and annulling this provision
of the Constitution? I do not ask them to under-
take a refutation of them; this might be asking
them to engage in a matter entirely unwortky their
intellects. But, sir, when the people of the North
are charged with evading and annulling a provision
of the Constitution by sophistries and subterfuges,
it is their right to know what these sophistries and
subterfuges are—in what consists these evasions of
the Constitution. In behalf of Ohio, and as far as
the people of that State are implicated, I challenge
gentlemen to specify. They cannot do it. Our
people have not evaded or annulled any provision
of the Constitution. They would not do it. They
cling to it as their ark of safety. Under its protect-
ing influences they have giown in wealth and pros-
perity with a rapidity unparalleled in the history
of the States. They would not annul, if they
could, ope of the least of its provisions. No; they
feel that it having been the Constitution of their
