113
\j
APPENDIX TO THfc CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 16,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
The North and the South—Mr. Bedinger.
Ho. of Reps.
This statement shows that the free States fur-
nished 5,772 more men than the slave States; but,
-sir, the population of the free States is 12,193,000,
and that of the slave States 8,553,000/ The num-
ber of slaves in those States is 2,487,355, which,
deducted from the population of the slave States,
will leave 6,065,645 freemen. Yet these 6,065,645
freemen of the South contributed but 5,772 men
■ less than the 12,193,000 freemen of the-North, ac-
cording to the gentleman's own showing. Yes,
sir, less than one-half the number of freemen of
the South contributed within a fraction as many
men'as were sent from the whole North.
Mr. SMART. The gentleman will remember
that I said, deduct the three months' and six
months' men furnished by the South, and. those
whose services were merely nominal, and the pro-
portion will be still greater.
Mr. BEDINGER. I will not dispute the gen-
tleman's calculation or his'flgures; I only know
the fact, that with less than half the free popula-
tion, we furnished very nearly, if not quite as
many men for the Mexican war as were furnished
by the free States. And now, sir, when we ask
."for our share of the indemnity which "we so freely
contributed to win, we are told we shall not touch
an acre of it unless we will consent to arbitrary
and insolent restrictions. Gentlemen seek, in va-
rious ways, to justify this domineering policy of
theirs. At one moment they claim the power,
under the Constitution, to exclude us from our
common property; at another, slavery is a "curse,"
and will blast and destroy any land where it shall
enter; at. another, the free laboring population of
the North will nor emigrate to lands where'slavery
is tolerated. This latter assertion was gravely
made by the gentleman-from Maine, [Mr. Smart.]
"The laboring men of the North will not emigrate
to siaveholding communities!" Indeed! this is
news to me, sir; 1 was not aware of the fact be-
fore, and I hope the gentleman will pardon my
doubting iis correctness now. I am not certain,
sir, that with a telescope, from the top of the cu-
pola, the gentleman might not have ocular demon-
stration of the groundlessness of his assertion.
A survey of the-neighboring county of Fairfax,
in Virginia—-just across the river, sir—would show
the gentleman many industrious, thrifty, enterpri-
sing northern laborers, who from time to time have
purchased land in that county, settled down right
among the negroes, and are now boasting that they
are rapidly renovating the impoverished soil of
that county. And yet they will not go to Califor-
nia if slaveiy be toleiated there—no, they cannot
be induced to go there, not even by the golden
visions of that country, which arc foYever floating
before their delighted eyes! Does the gentleman
suppose that such an assertion can find credit
among men of common intelligence, or common I
sense?_ But he also declaies that slavery is a curse, ^
withering and desolating in its effects; and in this i
he is followed by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Starkweather,] and by the gentleman from j
New Hampshire, [Mr. Wilson.] I propose, so ]
far as 1 can do so, during the limited time allowed i
me, to examine to what extentslavery has "cursed"
those States in which it has been established. j
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Smart] drew
a comparison between Virginia an^ New England, !
and said: J
" The comparative population of Virginia and New En«- i
land, white and cotoiud, in 17S0, 1810, and 1840, was as I
. ru-gmiu. Xew England. '
l.SJ—White 442,115
Colored 306,193
Total 74&308
1810.—tVJnlc    531.534
Colored 423,068
99-2,781
17,04-3
1,009,623
1,451 vl)8o
19,906
1,471.8Q-2
2,215 J 65
22,b57
2,231,8-22'
Total 971,623
1840—White  7411,988
CoJored 498,629
Total_   1.0.39797   
Now, sir, if the increase of population alone, be
conclusive proof of the prosperity of any country,
the gentleman must admit that his own State is
marvelously in the rear of Indiana, or any one of
the western States. The increase of population in
the four States of Maine and Massachusetts, Indi-
ana and Illinois, since 1820, has been as follows:
tlle' papulation increased, from
ls20toli;d  R7 101
Aad from 1S30 to 1840, it increased.  127^291
Tliat of Illinois increased, in the first period  102,244
In the second   373,939
The population of Maine increased, from 1820 to
1830    101,620
From 1830 to 1840   101,838
That of Indiana increased, in the first period  195,853
In the second    342,835
So that, if the increase of population be the proper
criterion by which to judge of the prosperity of a
State, Illinois is vastly in advance of Massachu-
setts, and Indiana of Maine; and the gentleman
must find some other cause than slavery for the
puny progress which his own State and that of
Massachusetts, according to his own criterion,
have made.
But he compares, also, the aggregate amount of
wealth owned by Virginia and New England. I
will reach that part of his argument, I hope, sir,
before I conclude. At present, I wiil only remark,
thai, in making up the aggregate of New England's
wealth, the gentleman gives her credit for upwards
of eighty-two millions of dollars of manufactures;
from which he does not think it worth while to de-
duct one dollar for the cost "of the raw material, or
for the labor bestowed upon them!
' Mr. Chairman, I know that it is customary with
those who lack the taste to select or the ability to
handle a more becoming theme, to discharge their
tiny artillery'at southern character and southern
institutions; and especially does Virginia come in
for a full share of the pointless arrows of these
gentlemen, whose efforts constantly remind me of
those very ambitious persons whose names are to
be seen, inscribed by their own hands, on every
edifice or monument of art, and who hope, by thus
disliguring or defiling it, they may render their own
paltry memories as lasting as the building itself.
Now, whether Virginia has deteriorated or not;
whether her palmiest days have passed by, and
her energies are "in the sear and yellow leaf;"
whether her present sons are dwarfs in compauson
with her elder born; whether the sceptre of intel-
lect has departed from her, and in the race of glory
and of greatness she is no longer first; whether the
plucking of northern cupidity has drained her of
her wealth, or her own unbounded and unwise
liberality exhausted her resources,—I will not, at
present, attempt to determine; but this I will boldly
assert, and that without the fear of contiadiction,
that in her regard for law and order—in her love of
justice, and her strict obedience to all its dictates—
i in the careful observance of the rights and privi-
leges of all, manifested by her citizens, in piety,
morality, and sobriety—and in her sacred observ-
ance of the plighted word of her government, the
mother of Slates need fear no comparison with any
of her progeny, or with any of her sisters.
Massachusetts.is a great State, sir—a very great
State, indeed, is Massachusetts. She could not
well be anything else, sir; for she has Boston, and
Bunker Hill, and the Rock of Plymouth! There
the Mayflower- landed the Pilgrims; and there
witches and Indians and Quakers and Catholics,
and other such heretics, were, "in the brave days
of old," burned, literally, by the coid! She is,
unquestionably, sir, a great State, and some of her
Representatives on this floor seem to know it; and
in the plenitude of their merciful hearts, they pour
out a deal of compassion and surplus pity upon
poor old Virginia! They not unfrequently raise
their sanctified eyes to Heaven, and thank the Lord
they are not like that poor publican!
Not long since, one of these gentlemen (the one,
I mean, who'seems particularly anxious to estab-
lish himself the Anacharsis Cloots of the present
day, the " modern orator of the human race") !
lamented in very pathetic strains the incapacity of '
Old Virginia to appreciate the political tenets of;
Massachusetts; and immediately after, this gen- 1
tleman gave us a most interesting description of the !
accomplishments, abilities, and acquirements of '
one of the "sweetest" negro boys the world ever i
saw. He did not tell us whether he came " from i,
the sunny South, stealing and giving odor," or'i
whether he was sweet like "Tuck'y Squash'," so '
well described in Salmagundi, who was " a mar- !'
velously sweet youth, provided you kept to toind- I!
ward of him !" This same gentleman, by way of ''
further illustiating the greatness of Massachusetts 'j
and the rapidity with which she had outstripped jl
j Old Virginia in civilization and advancement, in-
■ formed us, that not very long ago, a " gemman of
color" had been elected to the Legislature of that
State. True, he added, this delegate did not take
his seat. And, if I understood him correctly, the
reason was, that the negro did not like to be caught
in the company which at that time composed the
Legislature of Massachusetts. Well, sir, "de gus-
tibusnon,"&c.; but suiely Massachusetts is vastly
in advance of the rest of this Union, since the first
negro elected a delegate to her Legislature scorned
to take his seat in that body.
But, sir, do not understand me as attemptine, in
the slightest degree, to depreciate the great State
of Massachusetts. She is great, sir; she is great,
flourishing, populous, and rich. True it is, she
has been highly fed and pampered by the Federal
Government; true, she has been "protected,"atthe
i expense of the rest of this Union, to the amount of
! many millions of dollars; true, she has ever been
i most importunate, and, like a sturdy beggar, has
! constantly clamored to her sisters for contributions,
aid, and alms, in the shape of tariff monopolies;
true, she has long imitated the horse-leech, crying
"Give,give." But what of that, sir? Is she not-
a great State, and is it not.her privilege to turn to
the South, and taunt us with that very depletion
which her own avarice, aided by Federal "pro-"
I tection," has brought upon us? Is it not her pecu-
i liar privilege, I say, to pluck our pockets and laugh
| at us?—with one hand, through Federal privileges
I and monopolies, to plunder us of our hard earn-
, ings, and with the other to kindle the fires of fanat-
icism and civil strife in our homesteads and upon
-j our hearths?
II But, 3ir, there are certain occurrences which
j: occasionally take place in Massachusetts and others
|, of our northern sister States, which Imve never been
| known among the much-abused siaveholding States
| of the South. It has not been very many years
j since a most respectable mob, composed, doubt- '
! less, of those whose hearts do daily bleed for the
i servitude of the poor blacks, assembled in the town
of Chijrlestown, in Massachusetts, and gave to the
] flames a convent occupied by women, defenceless
' nuns. Yes, sir, this Massachusetts mob; upon that
occasion, plied the torch of the incendiary until
; the midnight heaven hung blushing over the con-
' flagration.
I Sir, in the siaveholding South, we do not frighten
| feeble .women by burmng.their houses over°their
I heads at midnight. If we did, such disgraceful con-
1 duct would at once be attributed to the influence of
slavery amongst us. Unless the newspapers great-
ly slander the eity of Boston, there are more dis-
tinguished atheists there than in all the rest of the
Union together; and I remember tp have seen a
descripiou of an anniversary meeting of atheists
which took place not long ago, in the city of New "
York, and at u Inch the delegates from Boston
figured most conspicuously. _
Now, sir, we poor, stupid slaveholders of the
Southdo believe in aGod,andt doubt exceedingly
if a convention of atheists would be tolerated in any
one of our southern cities. If atheists did hold these
meetings amongst us, would it not be attributed to
the influence of slavery ? If the newspapers do not
slander Boston, moreover, there are anti-Sabbath
societies there, whose members are numerous and
influential. We do notcornpel our slaves to labor
on the Sabbath, sir; we have no such societies
amongst us. If we had, our pious brethren would
be horribly shocked, and would forthwith attribute
their existence to the influence of slavery. We are,
doubtless, a long way behind our northern fiiends
in advancement, progress, and civilization. We do
j ^ear down convents, like the Bostonians; nor
j shoot sheriffs who attempt to collect lawful rents,
hke the New \orkers; nor burn churches, hke the
Philadelphians. i quote these things, sir, not to
cast odium upon the people of the North, as a peo-
ple, but simply (because slaveholders appear to be
regarded as monsters) to show that there are some
monstrosities we never commit. 1 wish to show*
that there aie some evils from which the slave-
holding South is exempt—evils which, if they did
exist there as they do at the North, would certainly
be attributed to the influence of slavery. But,.if
their existence amongst-us would certainly be at-
tributed to the influence of slavery, is it unfair or
unreasonable to attribute our exemption from them
to that same influence? If certain evils are seen
