1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ltT
30th Cong....2d Sess.
Abolition and Slavery—Mr. Charles Brown.
Ho. of Reps.
the history of this country if they can point me
to a single instance where the South has attempted
to trample upon the rights of the North, or to in-
terfere with their domestic institutions in any way.
When the people of the northern States thought
proper to abolish slavery,..did- their brothers of the
South interfere?- Did they attempt in any way to
say, We entered into this Union all as slave States,
and you cannot do away withslavery? No. When
the North agreed to abolish slavery and send their
slaves to the South, did the South shut their doors
and say, You shall not come here? When the
North attempted to stop the foreign slave trade,
did the South say, No? Did the South say, You
are characterizing this trade as piracy, and making
us odious, and bringing upon us discredit in the
' face of the world, and we cannot join with you?
I never heard of it. { have always understood
that the South united with the North to prohibit
the foreign slave trade, and brand it with all its
odious characteristics. I have yet to learn that
anything has been done in the North on the sub-
ject of the abolition of slavery anywhere, abroad
or at home, that the South has ever attempted to
interfere with or encroach upon our rights.
At the trme our Constitution was formed Vir-
ginia owned nearly the whole of the territory out
of which has since been made the States of-Ohto,
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin. Her
right to it may have been doubted, but we cou-
* ceded it when we took the gift from her. What
did she do ? With all her slaves, she said, Take
it. You may prohibit slavery there. Instead of
encroaching upon us, Virginia, a southern State,
made the donation of this magnificent domain to
"the free people of the North.
Next, we acquired Louisiana. Gentlemen now
say/We only ask that there shall be no slavery in
New Mexico and California, because those Terri-
tories are now free, and it would be encroachments
on the rights of the northern man to let the slave-
holder go there; but if it was slave territory we
would not ask you to abolish slavery there. But
when we got Louisiana, and Missouri presented
herself for admission into the Union, how stood
the case? It was all slave territory. Missouri, as a
sovereign State, presented herself to the Union—we
threatened, we tried to reject her; but better coun-
sels prevailed, and she was admitted—but one half
of all Louisiana was made free.
Then Texas was annexed. I made the first
speech at the first meeting held in the State of
Pennsylvania in favor of annexation. I loved the
ione star. It rose in gloom, but soon shone forth
in glory. There is not in the records of history,
our own included, a#page so eloquent of great
achievements—of patience, patriotism,and bravery
—of all that true hearts and strong arms could do
or endure in a good cause, as that on which is re-
corded the brief but glorious transit of the *' Lone
Star. " It. deserved to belong to the greatAmer-
ican constellation, and I.rejoice it is in it, there to
remain forever.
Texas, before it was annexed, was all slave ter-
ritory. Did we then say as we say now of Cali-
• Fornia and New Mexico: We do not ask to change
her institutions; all we want is to have thern^con-
tinue as they are? Did we not take from the South
one-half of Texas as we had that of Louisiana?
Now, all this looks very much to me as if we
had been encroaching upon the South, and not
the South upon us. I appeal to the House and
the country if all this is not true. And now, after
having received as a gift from a slave State the
magnificent domain of the Northwest, and taken
one-half of Louisiana and Texas, we propose to
take all of California and New Mexico, andTt the
same time cry out against southern encroach-
ments!
„ But we are told—and it is the strong argument
* of the agitators—that the institution ot slavery
produces a political inequality against the North.
Why, that is very strange. In any light in which I
can view it, I think the political inequality is against
theSouth. What is this political inequality ? It is
placing representation upon numbers that do not
participate in the Government." Look at Rhode Isl-
and—until the adoption of the new constitution^no
poor man could vote in that State. We know, that
at the time of the formation of the Constitution of
the Union, a large number of the States required a
property qualification for voters, and all those who
had no property, and all free negroes, were counted
in their full numbers, to give Representatives here,
while the slaves of the South were only counted
three for every five. I may misapprehend the sub-
ject; but it strikes me the political inequality is
against the South,and in favorof theNorth. Abol-
ish slavery to-morrow, and every negro of the three
millions in the southern States would be entitled
to be counted one in making up the basis of repre-
sentation in this House, and give them between
"fourteen and fifteen more members in this House.
I desire to excite no sectional feeling, but to allay
it—to show who are right and who are wrong in
all this. I speak under the influence of no incum-
bent of the White House, nor for any district, but
to you, the Representatives of the whole Ameri-
can people, and, through you, to the people them-
selves, that all may know and respect each other's
rights and feelings, and live as we ought to do, in
brotherly love—emulous only of who shall do the
most good to the other,and best promote the peace,
the welfare, and the happiness of the whole.
What is the aim and object of all this agitation ?
Does the North, or any part of it, aim at the im-
mediate and total unprepared emancipation of the
slaves of the South ? My colleague from the Beaver
district [Mr. Dickey] will say yes! The mileage
gentleman from New York [iVIr. Greeley] will
say yes! The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr .Gid-
djngs,] and the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Palfrey,] and perhaps others, will say yes!
What next?v Is it your intention to agitate on until
the negro is placed on an equality in all things,
social and political, with the white man? This is
demanded by the fanatical abolitionists; and such
was the object of the bill introduced the other day
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddings.]
Such, no doubt, is the aim and object of these agi-
tations.
To me the consequences of such a consumma-
tion are fearful—now or any time which I can see
in the future; for I can see but a short way—fear-
ful to the white race,'and still more fearful to the
black. And why should we thus rush on madly
to carry out an idea, regardless of consequences?
Has slavery in reality been such a curse to the
slaves? or has emancipation proved so great a bless-
ing to the free negroes?
Compare the condition of the thre  millions of
slaves now in the United States with the condition
of any three millions of negroes in any part of the
world, but particularly in those countries in Africa
from which they came, and say which is superior.
I care not in what the comparison is made—in the
development of their mental or bodily faculties.
Show me, upon the map, where the three millions
dwell who know their God and their Saviour as
they know them? Show me the three millions
who can and do worship that God as they can and
do? Wh'ere, in the countries from which they
came, are the three millions with minds and intel-
lects so improved and expanded—who know the
hundredth or thousandth part of the great work-
ings of the human system as they do ? Nor is it
in all this only they excel. In the developmfent of
physical powers, and the enjoyment of physical
comforts, they are no less in advance of their race.
Go to any district in the southern States, from the
Delaware to the Rio Grande—take the most seclu-
ded district, or where the slaves are the hardest
worked, worst-fed, and most abused, in ail that
distance, and then go to the land whence they
sprung, and take an equal number there from any
condition of life, and place them face to face, or
hand to hand, in intellectual or personal conflict
or comparison, and the superiority of the former
! would place thern as much above the latter as the
i white race here is above them.
I But I am told that slavery is in violation of the
! laws of God—that it is a great evil, and ought
therefore to be immediately extirpated. What the
' laws of God are upon this subject I do not pretend
' to know; I am only dealing with foots. And will
j any man tell" me where and what is the condition
! of life that is without its evils? I do not say sJa-
] very is a good; I only say it has produced upon
i the negro racc some good, if to improve and chns-
i tianize so large a mass of mankind be a good.
' The Abolitionists rarely or never take so ex-
; tended a view of this subject as I am doing, but con-
' fine themselves to portraying the degradation arid
i the wrongs of the negro slaves^ taking always the
worst cases—the exceptions to the rule—and paint-
ing them in the blackest colors their imaginations
can find, and these they contrast with the highest
condition of free negro life in the United States or -
elsewhere, forgetting that even this improved con-
dition of the free negro has itself mainly grown
out of slavery. It has been my lot to live a part
of some years in the midst of a dense slave popu-
lation. I speak, therefore, what I know when I
say, as a whole, I do not believe out of our own
country there is a less worked, better fed, and more
affectionately cared for or happier class of labor-
ers in the world. I am sure ihey do not, on an
average, dohalf as much work in a year as is done
in the same period by an equal number of laborers
in the northern States. The misery that intem-
perance and want inflict upon the laboring popula-
tion of many parts of the world, and upon norfe
more than the free negroes in some parts of our
own country, is unknown among them. If the la- *
boring population of Europe, aye, even of the best
parts of it, had the food and clothing, the dwellings
and comforts of home a3 have ninty-nine hundredths
or more of the slaves of our southern States, they
would be far better oiT than they now are.
We of the North do great injustice to our south-
ern brethren on this subject. Much as we may
be opposed to slavery, and disposed to eradicate-it
from among them, let us, at least; do them justice.
Condemn slavery as we will, and depict its wrongs
as we may, let us neither deny nor conceal what
all know, who know the truth—that the great mass
of the slaveholders are good masters, and treat their
slaves with humanity and kindness.
I am no advocate for slavery, in any shape or
place; and no man regrets its existence among jas
more than I do, or would more sincerely rejoice
at its removal, without the infliction of a greater
wrong, and with it the entire negro race from our
whole land. As it is, it has evils which might and
ousht to be removed, ahd of which I intend to
speak, as soon as I can get an opportunity, in the
language of truth, but in the spint of kindness, to
those who alone have the right and whose duty
it is to cure them. At present, my object is briefly
to show to those whose disturbing influences are
alike injurious4o master and slave, their error and
their wiong.
Slavery maybe an evil—an evil to produce good; v.
for it has pleased God in his wisdom frequently to
place nations, as well as individuals, in servitude
and bondage, that they may ultimately be redeemed
with a greater salvation. When the bondage of
the negroes is to end, or what is to be their future
pestiny, He alone knows, or can accomplish. One
thing we do know—that the emancipation, thus
far, of individuals among us, or bodies elsewhere,
has not been as successful as(.its philanthropic pro-
moters anticipated. Many individuals of high and
pure character when slaves, have become low. and
vile when freed; and wherever they have estab-
lished themselves in bodies, they have not im-
proved, but rather deteriorated. For a century or „
more, there have been schools for'their education
at the North. Some twenty years ago, the public
schools were opened for the negroes in Philadel-
phia, with which you, Mr. Chairman, are well
acquainted; and although we have a number of well
educated and highly respectable negroes' among
us, yet taken in the mass the negro population is
no better now than it was theen. Whete have
the free negroes who were educated with the son
i of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr*. Pal-
j frey,] gone out into the world and exhibited su-
! perior talents, or done anything to elevate their
' race? Roberts, who is now the Governor of Li-
! beria, and Frederick Douglas, the lion of the Abo-
i htionists—were they not born and raised as slaves?
' Who is that eloquent divine who is now thrilling
i the hearts of negroes m Liberia, and whose first
sermon was to one of the most enlightened audi-
■' ences in Alabama? Ellis was bom and raised a
! slave was a slave when he was received into the
I ministry, and when he was a proficient in the
• Greek, Hebrew, and Latin lansua^es. Slavery,
' if it be an evil, has not been so g-eat an evil to
i the negro race, so far as we can juu^e from results,
; as to the white race, and to the country m which
I it exists; and if any one deserves our sympathy,
| it is the whites.
While they are held as a degraded caste among
us, emancipation does not add to their happiness
