1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(/
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Abolition and Slavery—Mr. Charles Brown.
H<VOF ReP9 
disturbed and destroyed by their own want of ca-
pacity to govern,themselves, and slavery will cease
to be the theme for agitation, anywhere and every-
where.
Besides the loss sustained for the want of useful
mental cultivation, I know that the people of the
South generally suffer much from the want of the,
proper cultivation of other faculties of their slaves.
There is no reason why slaves cannot do as much
and as varied work, and as well, as any others, only
that they are not trained to the' best modes of
doing it, and have not placed in their hands the
best instruments used in its performance. As a
whole, for these reasons they do not perform more
than half as much as they might do, with equal
ease*and more satisfaction to themselves, if they
had this physical and mental cultivation. Nor is
that half work more than half done, which is a
double loss to their masters and to the community.
There is no reason why the whole South does not
improve in all that embellishes its soil, or ren-
ders it more productive, but that its labor is not
directed by the intelligence, taste, and energy ne-
cessary. The South has all the means requisite
to make it the most prosperous and highly beauti-
fied portion of the earth, if it would but properly
and efficiently dev£lop and direct its means.
i think it is the duty of the South to allow gradual
manumission, if not to entourage it. In connection
with this, or indeed anterior to it, the South ought to
' take more effectual steps to improve the free negroes
among them. As it is, they are a curse to the
whites, to the slaves, and to themselves. They
might be made a useful and respectable class, and
manumission would then be beneficial to the negro
and the whole community, and thus prepare the
way for the freedom of the race, without violence
or wrong, if Providence ever intends them to be
free and remain among us.
I come now to speak of the proposed territorial
restriction; that is, 4.0 confine slavery within its
present limits. Should it be understood at the*
South that this decree is to be irrevocable, and
they submit to it, each of the southern States,
looking to its own future prosperity, if not its
existence, will do what has been frequently at-
tempted to be done by the fanatics through Con-
gress—stop all immigration of slaves from one
State into another. Thus far the slaves have been
gradually immigrating southward. At the decla-
ration of our independence, every State in the
Union held slaves. New England had as many
as Georgia, and so had New York. Even m
Pennsylvania and New Jersey, together, the slaves
outnumbered those of Georgia. Since then, in
the short period of a little over seventy years, all
the slaves from the seven old northern States have
gone southward into the old southern States, and,
with their progeny and the progeny of others of
the southern States, have gone and are going on
in-the same direction, into Kentucky, Tennessee,
Alabama, Mississippi, Florida, Louisiana, Mis-
souri, Arkansas, and Texas. Slavery was not
abolished in the northern States so much from
feelings of philanthropy as from interest. It was
found, as foreign white immigration increased, to
be less profitable to work slaves than to sell them
to the South and'employ white labor. The same
causes are steadily and increasingly at work now
to banish slavery from Delaware, Maryland, Mis-
souri, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia; a con-
siderable portion of each of these States now em-
ploy white labor, and have comparatively- few
slaves. As foreign emigration increases, (and in-
crease it will to millions a year,) this removal of
the slaves will be continued with a corresponding
increased celerity, until slavery, and, to a great
extent, the whole negro race in this country, will
be confined to the range of country stretching from
the Chesapeake all around the coast of the Atlantic
and the Gulf of Mexico, and inwards to within a
few miles of the lower falls of the rivers. This is
the great cotton, rice, and sugar-growing country,
where negroes can do field work and live and
thrive, and where white men cannot work in the
fields and retain health and life long. If we do
not stop this operation of the wise laws of Provi-
dence, the two races will go on to find and enjoy
those portions of the earth best suited to each.
The negroes, either free or as slaves, will be the
laborers to produce cotton, rice, sugar, and other
field productions of the South; and the whites who
labor will occupy the higher and more healthy
portions of the country, and be the producers of .
breadstufifs, and carry on all or most of the manu-
facturing and mechanic arts. Should we, how-
ever, restrict the slaves and negroes to where they
now are, and the more southern slave States pro-
hibit them from coming from the more northern,
they will begin in the latter, from which they are
now disappearing, to increase in numbers, (unless
means are provided to take them out of the coun-
try, or they shall be driven into the sea,) and will
go on increasing, until they soon drive out all .the |
white laborers, mechanics, and workmen from J
these States, and throw the/n back on the northern
free States. One-fourth of thepeopb of Delaware,
Kentucky, and Tennessee, and nearly one-third
of those of Maryland, and two-fifths of thoseof
Virginia, are negroes. Has any man in the North
contemplated what must be-the effect on the States
north of these States of penning the negroes all up
where they are?" They are a rapidly-increasing
race; and should our humanity remain superior to
our interest, and we continue to allow them to j]
come among us, they will, instead of sending the 1!
surplus South, as they now do, roll back year i|
after year upon us, the worst part of both slave jl
and free, until they drive all the white laborers 'j
out of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and north-
ward. This will not be submitted to patiently
by the white laborers of the North; and, before
they yield to them, many and bloody will be the
contests that must inevitably take place. If ever
the two races shall become engaged in bloody strife
for any object, and most of all for bread, it will
have* but one end—the extirpation of the negroes.
We of Philadelphia have had some experience of
such a conflict of races; and we of Pennsylvania
will be the soonest and most overrun by these re-
turning hordes of negroes. !i
To the more northern States, this view of the -
subject will present little or no danger. Their cli- j)
mate is too cold to induce many negroes to go there, ]j
and consequently they know very little practically jj
about them—little as free, and less as slaves. But j;
suppose our interest shall prove stronger than our \\
humanity, and we follow the example of Ohio, |'
Indiana, and Illinois, who impose penalties on all ii
negroes coming into them, and by the last State j;
they are kept out entirely by constitutional prohib- 1
ition—suppose we do this, what then will be the
consequences on the North? ji
As the negroes increase, the white operatives in
these States will diminish, until the former will
have taken the place of the latter in all the indus-
trial pursuits. The advocates of the free white
laborers of the North forget that there are hun-
dreds of thousands of the free white mechanics of
the North now living and prospering in the south-
ern States. Every town and city is filled with
them. In many .of them they hold the political
power. Besides the mechanics that are there, others
are going there continually. Those that are there
must go away, or at least no others need go there, j
if this restrictive system shall be established, for :
their placcs will be filled by negroes. As soon as j
the negroes increase to over Supply the demands I
for their usual out-door pursuits, their owners will j
of necessity find employment for them in-doors; I
first in the ruder mechanic and manufacturing arts, j
and then the more refined, until they will absorb j
them all. !
Still they will go on to increase, and when they j
have filled all the known avenues of labor, then i
they will begin to seek new ones; and instead of j
being, as they now are, the great consumers of the ,i
products of the mechanics and manufacturers of ■;
the North, they will become their rivals, and then I'
supersede them in the markets of the world. Ma- \\
ryland, Virginia, and indeed nearly all the south- I:
ern States, have within them rich mineral deposites 1,
of coal and iron, and other metals; and their rivers
have most magnificent sites for water power open |,
all the year.' Inferior as the negroes are, they are
nevertheless well qualified for operatives in manu- !|
factories. Already in Virginia, and in other south-
ern States, many cotton manufactories are in sue- j
cessful operation, worked by slaves. ■ j
Still they will increase, and cannot go out; and j!
as they inciease m number, the wages of their labor -j,
will decrease, and thus will ioe cause to grow up
in our midst a body of worse than pauper laboreis, j:
against whom no 'tariff or other laws can afford li
protection, ff this slavery-restriction system ^hail-
be fully carried into effect, as the 'Free-soil party,
contemplate, before one hundred years, or it may
be fifty, the manufactories of New England and
Pennsylvania, and her iron works too, will be su-
perseded' by those on the mountains and rivers
between the Chesapeake and the Rio Grande, as
certain as the sun shall continue to shine.
Take a more limited view of the effect this re-
strictive system will have on the trade between
the two sections—a trade that has gone on increas-
ing with every expansion of territory to the South
until it far exceeds all the rest of the trade of the
country. Go toihe wharves of Philadelphia, New
! York, Boston, and other seaports of the North,
j and look at the cargoes of the hundred ships and
; other vessels there daily, and almost hourly, sail-
' ing for some southern port, with all the products
of the skiLl and labor of our workmen. Look,
too, at the rich and valuable cargoes of rice, cotton,
and sugar they bring us back in return, or take to
other countries and bring m return for them to us
the products or the merchandise of those countries.
All this natural and useful trade and intercourse
must be broken up, and those whose bread and
comfortable existence depends upon it ih the North
be driven to unknown parts or pursuits. «-.■
There is a great deception in the cry raised for
"free soil for free men." 1 have already said,
large numbers of mechanics, artisans, and others
of the freemerTof the North are now in the South,
and are constantly going there, all of whom find,
profitable and respectable employment.
If we take into consideration, in addition to the
freemen of the North who thus find employment
in the slave territory, the vast number of them who
find it at home, in providing for the wants of the
slave States, I question if the extension of slave
territory has not done more for the free workmen
of the North than has a like extension of free ter-
ritory in this or any other Country.
I think it is a great mistake to suppose, that to
extend the area of slavery is to increase the num-
ber of slaves. This is not true while all foreign
importation is prohibited. I do not think negroes
multiply any faster when scattered over a large
surface. The idea that is frequently expressed by
some of the most visionary of the fanatics, that their
increase is promoted through cupidity, is, to my
' mind, too absurd to need refutation. The migra-
1 tion of the slaves southward, and their retention
■ 111 field labor has been a great blessing to them.
. They are far better off now in the new States of
: the South, than they would be if they had been
; confined to the old ones. Think you, if the three
i millions were confined now within the six old
j slave States, their condition or the condition of the
I whites, north or south, would be better than it is?
| Yet such would be the state of things, if the ideas
of those who are opposed to the enlargement of
the area of slavery had been adopted- fifty years
ago; and something like it, or worse, it will be fifty
years hence, if they are adopted now, as 1 have
attempted to show.
If such will be some of the effects of this restrictive
system upon the North, what will be those upon
the South? It is a fearful thought. The very idea
of building such a wall around any people to shut
them in where they are, and out of all other parts
of the earth, is to rny mind, in any aspect of the
case, most unnatural and horrible, what if the
white people of Ireland, or England, or even New
England had been thus shut in, can any one im-
agine what would have been their present condi-
tion r And yet we would shut in these three mil-
lions and upwards of negroes, with less than
double that number of whites, and with theper-
tainty that they would soon be further closed within
narrower limits, and with less than an equal num-
ber of whites.
I will not attempt to foreshadow what will
eventually be the consequence and the end of such
a measure to them ail. History affords no example
to judge from. The world has never yet witnessed
so stupendous an act of despotic power and wrong
committed by one portion of the people of a coun-
try on another as we are, step by step, inflicting
on the South, in prohibiting slaves from going
south by act of Congress, and" then prohibiting: ail
free negroes from going north by acts of the States.
True, though the negro may not go out either bond
or free, the white man may; but before he is en-
