120
J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
[Feb. 10,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
New Mexico and California—Mr. A. G. Brown.
Ho. of Reps.
tirely banished from'liis home, and the home of
his fathers, fearful indeed will be the conflict and
the suffering to him, and still more fearful to the
negroes who must still remain behind him.
What should we do, then, with this great ques-
tion? for great it is, and of absorbing interest to
the philanthropist and (he statesman. I 'cannot
say, with my colleague, [Mr. Wilmot,] that " I
have no sympathy for the negro," for I have a
deep and abiding sympathy for' him, and would
do all that can be done consistent with what is
due to our own race for his welfare and eleva-
tion. I would, looking to bis good, recommend
no general system of emancipation until he shall
hive proved himself, beyond, all doubt, fit to be
, free. I would wait till it is seen what his free-
dom will do for him in this country, in the West
Indies, , and in Africa. If ever ho is to rise in
the scale of humanity, it must be in that clime
where he is physically best fitted to live in. He
never can rise in northern countries, for there,
sooner or later, unless renewed from the south,
his whole race must become extinct. Let all wait,
then, till he shows what freedom will do for him
in the West Indies and Africa* before we disrupt
society here, and desolate our whole land merely
that he may be free. " In the mean time, let us pass
no laws to fix the race in any one place, but let
them continue their migration southward Until they
go through the United States, if they will, into Mex-
ico andfurther south, where already they seem to be
amalgamating with the otherraces. And while they
are going, we of the North should let them alone.
We cannot mend their destiny; we' can only mar,
it. They are in the South, and of the South. The
five or six millions of our white brothers there are
more intimately connected with them, and more
deeply interested in them, than we are. Let us, I
repeat, leave them to those among whom they
dwell, trusting to their patriotism, their humanity,
their wisdom, their Christianity, to deal kindly and
justly with them, until the common Father of us
.all shall work out his own great and good pur-
poses with us and with them.
We have already seen the utter inutility of laws
fixing the bounds of slavery. This country was
agitated far and wide on .the introduction of Mis-
souri into the Union. The attempt was then made
to prescribe the limits of slavery; and fanatics
looked upon the reception of that State into the
Union with slavery as aiding the extension of that
institution. Yet what are the facts m relation to
Missouri now? Why, if white laborers continue-
to flow into her as they have been doing recently,
it will not be many years before slavery will cease
to exist there, as it already has, by these same
natural laws, quietly and peaceably ceased in all
the old northern States. I mention the case of.;
Missouri, to show that natural laws are more pow- |
erful than Congressional ones. The ordinance of i
1787,much as it is lespected by anti-slavery advo-
cates, to my mind wasof very little mipoi tance, and
of the sumo little consequence do I consider the
Missouri compromise. If slaves had been allowed
to go into the Noithwestern Territory,or north of
36° 30' in that of Louisiana, bylaw, few would
ever have been taken there; and those who formed
the State Governments would have excluded them,
or if they had not, they would soon have gone out
'from the same causes that have taken them out of
the old northern States. The impossibility of fix-
ing slavery by law upon any part of this country
whose climate is such that white labor can be
readily obtained and successfully brought into
competition with it, has been shown, north and
west, to be an absuidity. Why has it disappeared
from the more northern States, or why is it de-
creasing, positively or comparatively, m Delaware,
Maryland, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, and
Viigima? Because this law of God—theirchmate—
is more powerful than the laws of man. Even in
the higher and more healthy parts of the southern
States, the numncr of slaves is small, compared
with the lower, warmer, and more unhealthy parts
of them. When the superior race have the advan-
tage of climate, the inlenor race, if not forced to
remain by human laws, will disappear. ]
On the other h.\nd, were we to enact a thousand j
laws to drive or keep (he negroes out of those
parts of the southern Siates to which I havealluded I
as the cotton, nee, and sugar-growing portions,
Whose climate is death to any white man from the (
North who attempts to labor on its fields, they
would not induce the white'laborers of the North
to go there. He would be their worst enemy who
would attempt it. They would but go to their graves.
Some years since,a large number of Irishmen were
taken to New Orleans to dig a canal near that city;
the consequence was, that they nearly all died, and
that very soon. A number of German laborers
were induced to go to the southern part«f Texas.
I am told by a gentleman on this floor that, aft£r
suffering with diseases the most painful, they "have
nearly all died. We all know how destructive of
life the whole South is to northern men, eves
when not exposed to the suq. What would it be
if they were obliged to labor day after day under
its scorching beams? No laws could impel them
to doit; and if jve had prohibited slavery in Lou-
isiana, Mississippi, or Alabama before they were
States, and enough white men had gonethere to form
a State, they would either have become depopu-
lated, o"r, from the law of necessity, have adopted
slavery afterwards. Poes any man doubt this?
Then why should we agitate this whole country
time and again, and alienate one portion of its'
people from another, to accomplish what is im-
practicable and pernicious.
If slaves were to be carried to California, or
the higher part of New Mexico, the pressure of
the whites would soon drive them out of it. But
no man, north or south, that I have ever con-
versed with, believes they will ever be carried
there. The certainty that slaves will be prohib-
ited by them when formed into States, will pre-
vent any one from taking slaves there^-if so dis-
posed. Then, I am asked, why not prohibit them
by law? h'or a very good reason—it is obnoxious
to a large number of our brethren; it places them,
our equals under our Constitution, in the position
of our inferiors; and, for one, I am not willing to
fix upon them this mark of degradation. We are
told by high authority, that "when one member
suffers all the members suffer with it," and that
" if one member be honored all the members rejoice
with it." Let us, then, rejoice in doingjustice and
honor to all the members of this great Union of
ours, rather than in dishonoring any of them.-
I arm opposed to it, moreover, because, though
it can do no good, it may do much harm, by
depriving one-half of the people of the States.of
their equal rights with the other—of an equal par-
ticipation in the common property of the Union,
won equally by their services, sufferings, and bra-
very, consecrated equally with their blood, and
to be paid for equally by them from their com-
mon treasury.  1 am opposed to it, because it
makes invidious distinctions among equals, by
attempting to fix a stigma upon the institutions of
one-half of the States, which, at the formation of
our Union, were common to them all. But above
ail, I am opposed to it, because it is in violation
of the spirit, if not of the letterof the Constitution,
which spreads its protecting regis over the property
of the citizens of all the States alike when beyond
the jurisdiction of the State—alike over the slaves
of the South, as over the ships of the North when
wrecked on a foreign shore, and which should
make no distinctions in its protection of these same
ships or slaves when found in the waters or on the
land of the common territory of all the States, until
those who inhabit that territory shall provide a
government and laws for their own protection.
But it is said by some, the people of the South
would never oppose the prohibition, if only the
mere abstract right were involved. Whoever rea-
sons thus, must think they are degenerate sons of
their sires of the Revolution, or must have for-
gotten that those sires pledged their "lives, iheir
fortunes, and their sacred honor" for an abstract
right, and nobly redeemed the pledge on many a
ba'ttie-field. We of the North, and particularly
they of Massachusetts, should remember, too,'
thai it was more for wiougs inflicted on the North
than the South that they fought and bled.
If the people of the South asked any special
legislation for their benefit, I should be as much
opposed to it as I am to special legislation against
them. All the rights they have under the Consti-
tution, every man in the Union ought to allow
them to enjoy in peace and safety; and these are
all they demand. They do not ask us to establish i
slavery anywhere.. They do not propose to ex- !
elude any free man, woman, or child, in the north- I
ern States, or in any other part of tbe world, from
going into these Territories, and taking with them
all they possess, and, when there, beins; secured
in its full enjoyment. They have not asked to be
allowed to take their slaves there—they have asked
nothing for their slaves, or for slavery, at anytime,
in this District, in the States, or in the Territories.
They ask .nothing but to be let alone. They do
not want the word "slaves," or "slavery," to be
heard in the debates of this Hall, or to be found
upon your statute-books. Surely it is hard, very
hard, they cannot enjoy this small privilege—nay,
this sacred right—the right of our brotherhood,
the right of tbe Constitution.—in peace.
Thus far I have voted for every proposition to
settle this vexed question, and to enable the people
of those territories to form governments, confident
that if we leave them unrestricted, they will do what
is best. My object, in all that I have said or done
on this subject, has been to allay this sectional war, •
which has already done much to alienate the affec-
tions of one part of our country from another, and
to restore a better feeling; and while I shall remain
here, I intend to pursue the same course to the end.
new mexico and california.
SPEECH OF MR. A. G. BROWN,
op mississippi,
In the House of Representatives,
February 10, 1849,
On the proposition of Mr. Preston, of Virginia,
to admit New Mexico and California as a State;
and in reply to Mr. Hunt on the general policy
of the Administration.
Mr. BROWN said;
Mr. Chairman: It is not my purpose to follow
the line of discussion marked out by the gentle-
man who has just taken his sejt. My chief object
Jh taking the floor is to reply to remarks made
some time since by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Hunt,] in reference to the late Presidential
election and the general policy of the existing Ad-
ministration. The question prominently before
the committee is certainly one of most absorbing
interest; but my reflections so far have brought
my mind to no satisfactory conclusion in regard
to it. I am not fully prepared to say in what man-
ner I shall even dispose of my own vote. Since,
however, the proposition to accord State govern-
ments to New Mexico and California has been
presented under such imposing forms;, since the
eloquent gentleman ft-om Virginia [Mr. Preston]
has urged it with so much of zeal and ability;
since my friend from Alabama [Mr. HilliakdJ
has entered the list of its advocates, and urged its
favorable consideration with more than his accus-
tomed intellectual power; since the frequent discus-
sion in tha other end of the Capitol has attracted
so large an amount of public attention; and above
all, since it is almost certain that we shall be called
upon, before the close of the present session, to
vote upon some one, and perhaps all, of the sev-
eral propositions submitted, and to be submitted,
I will avail myself of the opportunity now pre-
sented to assume that position before the country
which I desire to occupy.
Whether I can finally, bring myself to vote for
any proposition to admit theseTerritoriesas States,
I cannot now undertake to say. None of those
submitted thus far meet my views in their details.
The details, however, are matters of secondary
importance. The great question to be determined
is, " Shall we admit these Territories as States at
this session of Congress?" Upon this question, for
the sake of harmony and the peace of the Union I
am prepared to make very great and important
' sacrifices. To attain this end I am ready to ^ive
up everything but principle and ho nor; but, before
I move from my present position I want to know
whether our opponents are ready to meet us in a
correspondingspirit. Are they ready to make cor-
responding sacrifices for the sake of peace, har-
mony, and brotherly union. I am prepared to go to
that point where conflicting1 interests and opinions
may meet, and adjust this dangerous issue upon
terms honorable to both sides, and without any
undue sacrifice by either party. That such a point
exists, no one seriously questions. Shall we meet
there, is the only point worth considering.
