184.9]
APPENDIX "TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Neiv Mexico and California—Mr. A. G. Brown.
Ho. of Reps.
f/\
We of the South voted at the last session of
Congress for more than one proposition which
our judgments did not wholly approve. We did
so in a spirit of concession and compromise. But
in what spirit were we met? In a spirit of stern
and obstinate resistance. Every tender of the olive
branch was rudely, almost indignantly rejected.
All our propositions were voted down as they were
successively presented, by that party who claimed a
right to undivided dominion over these Territories.
I never have and never will assent to the justiceof
this claim ^ and hereafter I will vote to maintain
the rights of the South in their broadest latitude,
unless I shall plainly see, that by an honorable
and manly surrender of a portion of these rights,
peace may be secured, and the Union rescued from
its present perilous condition. I love the Union,
but the love I bear it is for its blessings, and not
its curses. Let it fulfill the high purpose of its
creation, and the people will preserve it at any and
every sacrifice of blood or treasure, and nowhere
will these sacrifices be more freely made than in the
South. But divert it from this purpose, resolve it
into a mighty engine of oppression, to be wielded
by the strong and powerful for the subjugation of
the weak and powerless, and you convert our love
into hatred; and these sacrifices which we now
■ freely offer for its preservation, we will then re-
serve for its destruction. The Union of these States
rests on a foundation solid and sacred, the affec-
tions of the people of all the States. Be careful
how you tamper with that foundation, lest you
'destroy it, and thus destroy the Union itself. Let
the Union dispense equal and exact justice to all,
special favors' to none, and not one murmur of
complaint will ever come up here from the patriotic
sons of the "Sunny South." We despise injustice
of every kind. In the emphatic words of a distin-
guished chieftain, "We ask no favors, and shrink
from no responsibility."
It has been charged ,that my political associates
intend to postpone the settlement of this question,
to the end that it may be to General Taylor a
-stream of consuming fire, which it may be impos-
sible to circumvent, and which he cannot cross in
safety. For myself, the unworthy imputation is
emphatically disclaimed. I shall vote upon this, as
upon all other questions, precisely as I would have
done before the late Presidential election—just as I
should have done had General Cass been the^uc-
••cessful candidate, or as though no Presidential
election had intervened. This, to my mind, is a
question above all party considerations. Itdeeply
involves the harmony and stability of the Union,
and I should despise myself if I were capable of
shaping my conduct, on such a question, with a
view to partisan results. Upon such issues I shall
vote without reference to party ties, and without
stopping to inquire whether I am advancing or re-
tarding the political fortunes of the President elect.
And I may lay it down as a general rule, that
whilst I will not travel out of my way to remove
obstacles from the path of General Taylor if,
indeed, there be any such in "his way—I shall not
regard it as compatible with my duty as a citizen,
or dignity as a Representative, to interpose such
obstacles where none now exist.
Before dismissing the subject, allow me, Mr.
Chairman, to congratulate "the gentleman from
- Virginia, (Mr- Preston,] and, through him, his
political associates here and elsewhere, that he
and they are at last so near on the " Cass plat-
form." If the gentleman will move a very little
to the right, he will find himself in exact juxta-
position with the late Democratic candidate for the
Presidency, on this question; that is, asserting that
the people of the Territories, under the general
limitations and restrictions of the Federal Consti-
tution, may rightfully settle the slavery question
for themscl ves. The gentleman, at the last session
of Congress, and throughout tne canvass for Pres-
ident, was understood to oppose this doctrine.
Mr.,PRESTON interposed. He had been mis-
understood by the gentleman from Mississippi.
Last year, and always and everywhere, he had
advocated the doctrine and made the distinction
which he had attempted to make day before yes-
' terday. The distinction he drew was, between the
teriitorial rights of a people, contemplated as the
people of a Territory, and the sovereign rights of a
people after they have been created a State gov-
ernment.
Mr. BROWN. A so understood the gentleman,
and have given him due credit for his ingenuity.
But the distinction seems to me, when applied to
the case in hand, a thing rather of form than sub-
stance. Here is a conquered people, possessing as
yet no political rights under our laws and Consti-
tution, because not yet admitted to the rights of
citizenship; and what is worse, possessingno prac-
tical knowledge of the workings of our system of
government, and knowing nothing of our institu-
tions. The substantial question is, Shall such a
people give laws to our Territories, and shape and
mould their'institutions for the present, and possi-
bly for all after time? It is a platter of form whether
they shall proceed to do this at onee, under the gen-
eral limitations and restrictions of the Constitu-
tion, or whether you shall hoist them into the
Union as a State, with the avowed purpose, object,
and aim, of giving them the power to do the same
thing. Is there a member of this House who would
ever have taken upon himself to lead into the Union
a State of such hu£e dimensions as that proposed
by my friend from Virginia—embracing, as it does,
all of New Mexico and California—but that it
seemed to present a feasible means of getting clear
of this most dangerous and perplexing question ?
Hitherto it has been usual to introduce States with
fixed metes and bounds—to know something of the
people who were to govern them—to know at least
that they were or intended to become citizens of
the United States—to have a reasonable assurance
that they understood something of our laws and
appreciated our institutions. But here is a propo-
sition to admit a State, extending from near, the
thirty-second to the forty-second degree of north
latitude—almost six hundred miles on an air line,
bounded on the one side by the Pacific Ocean, and
having no fixed limits on the other. And this vast
country, sparsely settled, with a foreign population
knowingnothmg of out laws, distrusting from edu-
cation, the soundness of our political theories, and
disliking our pe6ple from habit, is to be hoisted, in
all its huge proportions and with this strange pop-
ulation, into our Union upon terms of equality with
the original States—and for what end ? Disguise it
as you will, it is that these people may have the
power to exclude slavery from the Territories now
and forever. Have they gone through any terri-
torial probation? Is there any evidence that these
people, strangers as they are, desire admission into
the Union, or that they will now consent to comein,
if you invite them? or must we bring them in nolens
vulens? The gentleman's bill gives to every white
male inhabitant over the age of twenty-one years the
right to vote, whether Spaniard, Mexican, Swede,
Turk, or what not. So he be but a white male
inhabitant of the Territory, and twenty-one years
old, he is to vote, it matters not what may have
drawn him there, or what his future intentions
may be. If he be but an inhabitant, and white, and
twenty-one years old, he is to vote in the formation
of a constitution, by which your rights and mine,
Mr. Chairman, and those of our constituents, are
to be controlled through all after time. And this
is the proposition of the gentleman who found such
mighty fault with General Cass for saying the
people of the Territories, under the restrictions and
limitations of the Federal Constitution, could do
this same thing. I submit to my honorable friend,
whether if would not be respectful, to say the least
of it, towards his constituents and mine, to require
these people, before they pass final judgment upon j
our rights, to make an intimation in some form |
that they intend to be'eome citizens as well as j
inhabitants of the United States.
But, says the gentleman, there are some one hun-
dred thousand to two hundred thousand American
emio-rantsin that country. It must be a lively imagi-
nation that could multiply the few thousand gold
hunters who have gone to California to such vast
numbers. There may be some ten to twenty thou
sand Americans there—certainly not more than
thirty thousand—mere adveritiuers, who will stay
in the country if they find it profitable to dig or
pick up gold. The emigrants whose rights are to
be affected by this proceeding—the cotton, sugar,
and tobacco-grower—have not yet started on then
journey, and yet you are proposing to force the
Territory into the Union as a fotate, settle its insti-
tutions, and forever exclude this better class of
emirgants.
These are some of my reflections, Mr. Chairman,
hastily thrown out in a discussion which I did not
intend, at this time, to participate in. I do not say
that I shall vote against the proposition of the gen 
tleman from Virginia. It may be that I shall vote
for it. I cannot part with the subject at this mo-
ment, however, without saying to my honorable
friend, if it was wrong in General Cass to,say the
people of the Territories, under the general limit-
ations and restrictions of the Federal Constitution,
might exclude slavery, it must be equally wrong in
him to give these same people a factitious political
character, to the end that they may thereby accom-
plish the same thing. The people, in the judgment
of the gentleman, had not this power last summer;
and what are they now that they were not then?
They are the same people, with the same feelings,
passions, and prejudices; with the same political
powers—no more nor less. I may appeal to my
honorable friend if it was quite just in him to hunt
"down General Cass for his dpinions;, and then, in.
effect, to put forth the same opinions himself.
But I must leave this sftbjeci, to pay my respects
to a speech made by an honorable member from
New York [Mr. Hunt] some time since. That
gentleman, in the outset of his remarks, declared
with emphasis, that all the measures of the existing
Administration had been triumphantly overthrown,
and the President and his party friends signally
rebuked at the late Presidential election. So strong
was this impression on the mind of the gentleman,
that he took occasion to mention it two or three
times in the course of his speech. Whether it was
in truth altogether a strong impression on the gen-
tleman's own mind, or whether it was that he
thought so novel an historical fact needed repeti-
tion to imprint it on the mind, of others, I do not
know; but certain it is, the declaration was several
times repeated, and each time with additional em-
phasis. It is my purpose, among other things, to
investigate the truth of this declaration.
The gentleman says it is fortunate for the truth
of history and the correct'understanding of politi-
cal issues, that deposed ministers and dismissed
secretaries are not th^ most accredited historians
of their own lives, times, and acts; and I take leave
to add, that it is equally fortunate for the truth of
history and the vindication of men and measures,
that partisan leaders and political tricksters arc not
always the most accredited historians of their own
lives,'times, and tricks. Were the gentleman from
New York to write a history of the late Presiden-
tial canvass, he would induce the world to think
that the election had turned upon such issues as
the bank, the tariff, the independent treasury, and
other questions which had hitherto divided the two
great political parties. The gentleman has a way
of proving his declaration that all these things
were in issue, which is at dnce novel and unique.
He says the Baltimore Convention tendered these
issues. True, sir, most true. The Baltimore
'Convention did tender these issues; but did the
Philadelphia Convention accept them? It requires
two parties to make up an issue. The Democratic
j party, with an instinctive love of truth and justice
peculiar to themselves, did tender all these issues;
but will the gentleman pretend that the Whig
party accepted them, or went to the country upon
them? If so, when, where, and by whom was it
I done? Certainly not in Philadelphia. Certainly
! not here. Certainly it has not transpired that any
I one duly authorized to speak for the Whig party
j did, at any time or place anterior to the late Pres-
; idential election, accept the issues tendered. On
i the contrary, we were everywhere told thdt the old
i issues were buried, and that we were before the
!; country on other new and more impoitant issues.
!l And have these new and important issues so soon
j. been forgotten? Can it be, that in six short
j1 weeks after the election is over, the distinguished
j gentleman does not even dare allude to them in a
• • speech beaiing evident marks of preparation. Must
; the defunct issues be so soon summoned from their
1 sepulchres, and the new ones be sent to take their
!! places? When the gentleman comes to write the
jf history of his own life and times, he may perhaps
!: enlighten the world as to the origin of that over-
I' ruling; political necessity which has induced this
l! sudden abandonment of new issues—this longing
after old ones. Summon the old issues, if you
like. Call them from their tombs of martyrdom.
; But let me tell you, the new ones " will not down
i at your bidding."
