124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. IT,
30th Cong 2d Sess. Relation of the Federal Government to Slavery—,Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
Presidential canvass. He merely desired to be in-
dulged in a few words, maintaining the correctness
of his former positions. - He thought the result pf
the late election spoke for itself. The party having
the reins of government came before the people
upon such issues as it chose to make for itself, and
asked for a continuance of power. They published
their measures before the country. They placed
the name of their candidate before the people, and
with it their declaration of measures. The Whigs
• took issuewith them, here and elsewhere, avowing
themselves to be opposed in principle and policy
to their whole scheme of measures.
Mr. BROWN interrupted to ask a question, and
(the floor being yielded) said he understood the
gentleman" to affirm that issue was taken " here
and elsewhere," upon the principles presented by
the Democratic party. Did the gentleman mean,
by the phrase "here and elsewhere," that this
issue was taken by the Philadelphia Convention ?
Mr. HUNT replied, that the delegates to the
Philadelphia Convention were sent there to select
candidates, not to produce or promulgate political
' doctrines. It was unnecessary for them to make
a declaration of principles. Our opponents may
invent and modify their doctrines, and issue a new
prommciamento at pleasure; but the Whig party
had principles which were well known—they were
ancient, binding, and enduring. The great prin-
ciples of the Whig party are unchanging; they will
stand forever. He had not time, nor was it ne-
cessary to enlarge upon them now, nor wouldvhe
allow himself to be drawn away from his purpose
into a discussion ofabstract questions. The Whigs,
he said, accepted the issues presented by the sup-
porters of the present Administration; and, so far
as he knew anything about the contest, it was con-
ducted with reference to the principles which had
divided paities in this country for years past. It
was very true, that the Pree-soil question had be-
come a topic of agitation, and in some parts of the
country, lie had no doubt, it was considered para-
, mount to all other questions. But it was not so
with th'e great body of the Whigs. Whatever
sectional differences may exist among them, they
are bound together by common sentiments on great
questions of national inteiest. They had no idea
that this Government was to be controlled and ad-
ministered with reference to any single question
whatever. They wished the Government to carry
out the great national purposes for which it was
crealed.' They, had-no desire that the Government
should be administered otherwise than in a spirit
of justice and equality toward the whole country.
His own views on the subject of slavery and its
extension were well known; but in the recent con-
test the Whigs, of the Union had united and acted
together on broad national grounds; and-on the
subject which the gentleman urges, he believed
they were prepared, in both sections, to abide by
the deliberate action of Congress.
Mr. McCLERNAND (interposing, and Mr. H.
yielding) said he desired to ask the gentleman
whether it was the purpose of the Whig party to
undertake the restoration of the Whig policy gen-
erally, under the auspices of the incoming Admin-
istration ?
Mr. HUNT replied: If the gentleman is patient,
he will learn in due time. He would tell the gen-
Xleman that it was intended to restore and establish
that enlightened, national policy, which should
best carry forward the country in its career of
greatness and prosperity, instead of pursuing the
narrow, partisan policy, which had marked its
course for years past.
^ Mi\ McCLliRNAND (interposing again) de-
sired further to ask, whether he was to understand
by that policy, the erection of a United Slates
bank, the establishment of high protective duties,
and a distribution of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands ?
Mr. HUNT continued: He believed there were
but four or five minutes remaining now before this
debate would be closed, under the order of the
House, and it was evident that he had not time to
respond fully to the gentleman's, interrogatories.
He should-say nothing about the prccise course of
action that may be adopted in regard to particu-
lar measures. They would be taken up m due
season, and no doubt wisely disposed of. He
would merely say, however-, that the protective
policy had never been abandoned; the country will
insist on such reasonable discriminations as "are
necessary to sustain American industry.
He believed that the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] had not imputed to. him any inten-
tion to misrepresent; and notwithstanding all the
' gentleman had said, he still believed it would be
found, that what he had stated in the speech re-
ferred to was literally in accordance with fact.
For the truth of every point asserted in that speech
he was still willing to appeal to the people. It was
known to all, that in the late Presidential canvass,
the Whigs assailed the conduct and poliey.of the
party in power. They asserted the independence
of Congress and the constitutional supremacy of
the legislative department of the Government; and
they appealed to the people for a restoration of that
principle. These were the issues distinctly pre-
sented: and how it was, in the face of the decided
expression of public sentiment resulting from that
canvass, that the gentleman from Mississippi could
still declare that the people were in favor of the
measures generally of the existing Administration,
was most surprising to his mind. He had no
expectation of meeting any gentleman so bold as
to avow such an opinion at this time. If the
people wanted this dynasty, or another like it, they
would have said so. He admitted that he had
declared the present to be a profligate Administra-
tion—that it had used its power for the promotion
of mere party purposes and ends, without refer-
ence to the public welfare, and without being very
fastidious as to the means employed. That was
what he had said. He asserted, and believed he
had proved, that the present Executive did not
possess the confidence of the country.
Mr. BROWN (interposing) said, the gentleman
had now charged the Democratic Administration
with using power for the political advantage of its
friends. It was only a few days since the Whig
majority in this House attempted to use their
power here for the advantage of their political
friends: and if such things amounted to coriuption
and profligacy in the Democratic Administration,
should they not bear the same reproach when prac-
tised by the Whigs?
Mr. HUNT replied that he was not speaking of
the appointments to office, but the partisan charac-
ter of every prominent measure of the Administra-
tion. It seemed to be the great aim of the Admin-
istration, in all its movements, to prolong its policy
and power. With this Executive, the interests of
the country are always subordinate to the success
pf party, Why was it that the President was con-
tinually running irvto labored arguments in vindi-
cation of extreme partisan measures—free trade,
the sub-treasury, the war, the veto, &c.—and in-
dulging in the most unmanly reflections against his
opponents? flow often had the President of the
United States,m his messages to Congress, imputed
a want of patriotism to those who were opposed
to the war, and who sought to put an end to its
calamities ? It was the arrogance of the Adminis-
tration which the people intended to rebuke, the
wanton usurpations of the Executive, and the ex-
ercise of power for the promotion of party ends.
It was the declared will and purpose of the people,
in the late canvass, to restore and bring back the
course of governmental power to the orbit pre-
scribed in the Constitution, and to drive out of
power the'men who have labored to reduce this
free government of ours to an agency for the pro-
motion of mere party purposes. We were told the
other day by a supporter of the Executive, that he
had proved himself " the President of the Demo-
cratic party." That declaration was most true,
and he admired it for its truth. The present in-
cumbent has evidently regarded himself as the
President of a party. Ho trusted we were soon to
have a President of the United States who will
consider himself the Chief Magistrate of the nation;
a man whose patriotism is as broad and expansive
as his country, and who will regard himself as the
honored servant of the whole people, to administer
their highest trust, rather than the ignoble instru-
ment of faction.
Mr. HOUSTON, of Alabama, interrupted Mr.
Hustt, and complained that his language had not
been correctly quoted, and contended that he had
spoken of the President of the United States in a
particular connection, and thcrt added that he was
President of the Democratic party upon that ques-
tion.
Mr. HUNT replied that the House heard what
was said by the gentleman from Alabama on a
former occasion. He made no objection to the
gentleman's original' declaration, nor did he see'
that it was materially changed by his present ex-
planation.
In the midst of this exciting colloquy, the hour
fixed for the termination of the debate expired, and
the committee proceeded to vote on the bill.
relation of the federal government to
slavery.
SPEECH OF MR. J. R. GIDDINGS,
of ohio,
In the House of Representatives,
February 17, 1849,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon the bill to provide for carrying into
effect the late Treaty with Mexico.
Mr. GIDDINGS said, that he regarded speeches
piade here as profitable only so far as they elicited
truth. If, therefore, (said he,) any gentleman
shall discover me to be in error upon any matter
of fact or of law, I will regard it as an act of
friendship if he will set me right. I make this
remark, as 'some gentlemen during this debate
have refused to be corrected. If I labor under
error, I desire to be set right at the earliest possi-
ble moment, before I impress my error upon any
other human being.
The bill before us has opened up the important
question of the relation which this Federal Gov-
ernment holds to the institution of slavery. The
exclusion of that institution from our new territo-
ries, sustaining it in this District, and the main-
tenance of the slave trade here, have all been ably
and eloquently debated. I have no hope of bring-
ing any new views before the committee, although
I may perhaps present those already advanced m
a connection different from those who have gone
before me.
On that ill-fated day when this House adopted
the war which had been commenced by the Exec-
utive, I saw, or thought I clearly saw, the present
difficulties into which we have been precipitated.
These difficulties I pointed out in an humble speech
which I had. the honor of delivering to this body
on the ,day following. During the whole period
of hostilities we were all conscious that it was the
design of the Executive to acquire territory, prin-
cipally for the purpose of spreading the curse of
human bondage over it. Gentlemen of the two
great political parties then united in sustaining and
continuing the war, with our present position in
full view before them. During the progress of the
war we constantly cautioned our southern friends,
we assured them, that if territory were obtained
we should not consent to abolish freedom therein.
They now speak of'the amount of southern blood
shed in that war. It was their own folly. They
knew that our army was fighting for the purpose
of bringing these questions before us for decision.
They now talk of its dangers. Sir, they should
have reflected on that before the declaration of war;-
they should have listened to our advice, and
avoided the dangers which we so distinctly pointed
out. If our maintenance of liberty be dangerous,
that danger has now become unavoidable. We
hope to meet it in a proper manner, as becomes
freemen.
In the arguments of southern gentlemen there
seems to be a fundamental error common to them
ail. 7'hey assume that this Government loas founded,
at leant in part, for the support of slavery. They
insist that southern oppression is as much entitled
to the encouragement and fostering care of the
National Government as are the liberties of the
people for whom we legislate. They seem to have
overlooked the great object which the founders of
our institutions had in view. That design stands .
recorded on every page of our history: they left
perpetual monuments on every battle-field of the
Revolution, proclaiming, in unmistakable language,
their hostility to oppression and their devotion to
freedom. No class of men, at any period of the
world, were more inveterately opposed to slavery
than were the founders of this Government. In
setting forth the reasons which induced them to
sepaiate from the mother country, and to found
