1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
30th Cong.....2d Sess. Relation of the Federal Government to Slavery—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
an independent sovereignty, they declared that
the objects of government were to secure the lives
and liberties of the people. It was hostility to
slavery of every description which impelled them
to action.
Everyargument, therefore,based on the assump-
tion that we are, to any extent or in any manner,
to shape our legislation for the encouragement or
maintenance'of slavery, must of course be erro-
neous. If we carry out in good faith the intentions
Of those who framed our institutions, we shall
devote our energies to the support and encourage-
ment of freedom, limiting our efforts in this respect
by the Constitution, so as not to interfere with
slavery within the States. There it is beyond our
reach: we cannot interfere with it. But to en-
courage its existence even there, would be a viola-
tion of every principle which controlled the action
of those who achieved our independence, as well
as of those who framed our Constitution.
Here, then, is the precise point on which "the
advocates of slavery and the supporters of liberty
differ: We demand that our whole legislation shall
'be in favor of freedom, of justice and humanity;
they insist that we are to place slavery, injustice,
and crime upon the same level, and to bestow upon
each the same attention and encouragement. Dif-
fering thus as to the essential elements of our com-
pact, it were impossible for us to arrive at the same
conclusions in our arguments. The controversy is
therefore radical. It involves the most vital prin-
ciples of our association.
Of all the erroneous sayings common to our
country none is more unfounded than the very
common assertion, that "slavery is guarantied by
- the Federal Constitution." We hear it repeated in
this Hail, and we read it in official documents, and
gentlemen appear to regard it as an established
maxim, by which we are to guide our legislation.
I have often requested those who repeat this asser-
" tion to point me to the article, section, or clause of
the Constitution which guaranties slavery. I most
respectfully made the inquiry, in the presence of
the House, of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Meade] who sits opposite;'but he failed to name
the clause, or section, or article.
Now, sir, I desire to elicit truth, and to expose
error. I am surrounded by the ablest statesmen
of the South, by men who insist that 'slavery is
thus guarantied to them: I therefore respectfully
desire any one of them now to inform this body
and the country on what clause of the Constitution
they iely to sustain the assertion to which I have
* alluded. To enable any one to do that, I now
proffer to him the floor.
[Mr. Giddings here paused for some moments,
and then resumed.]
Mr. Chairman, here, sir, i3 a most important
error, either on my part or on the part of those
who assert that the Constitution guaranties sla-
very. If wrong", I desire to be corrected now,
before this body, and before the American people.
I call on gentlemen, in respectful terms, to show
the grounds of their faith on this point. They sit
in silence. No one is wiiling to hazard his repu-
tation by attempting it. Sir, there is no such guar-
antee. The people of ike North have been deceived on
this point. The pretence is entirely without founda-
tion. I therefore repeat, that the proper constitu-
tional attitude of this Government is in favor of
liberty, and opposed, unyieldingly opposed, to
every form of oppression, where we possess the
power to legislate.
The doctrine, that we are bound to encourage
and perpetuate slavery is of recent origin. It was
never asserted until 1843. Prior to that period, the
doctrine which I have laid down was admitted by
statesmen from all portions of the Union. An
attempt was then made to change the fundamental
principles of our Government, and to transform it
into a slaveholding, a slavs-sustamirfg Confederacy.
The great apostle of southern slavery stood forth
as the advocate of this new theory. He went
out of his way to argue the humane character of
slaverv in his official correspondence, and to point
out the dangers of freedom to the colored race. He
* went further, and endeavored to show that it was
the duty of this Government to uphold, extend,
and perpetuate an institution abhorred by nearly
all civilized nations. He, sir, is a bold and honest
statesman. He speaks his thoughts, and leaves no
doubts as to his position. For this, I honor him.
He was born and educated in a land of slavery.
His interest has at all times been identified with
that institution. His prejudices are in favor of it.
It is interwoven as it were with his very existence.
This is his misfortune : for that I will not reproach
him. The great error of that distinguished gentle-
man and his coadjutors consisted in pressing their
favorite theory too far. This new doctrine was
carried into practice by the annexation of Texas.
The war and conquest which followed, and the
present efforts to, appropriate our Mexican terri-
tory to the blighting curse of slavery, has precipi-
tated upon us the important questions nowpending
These circumstances have aroused -the northern
people to examine their rights. For years indi-
viduals had endeavoied to awaken the northern
sentiment to the protection of northern rights; but
it was in vain. Southern aggressions nave ac-
complished a work which northern philanthropy
attempted in vain. A portion of our northern peo-
ple have taken their position distinctly in favor of
separating this Government from all interference
with slavery in the States, and of hostility to it in
all places where we have the power to legislate
upon the subject.
This position of northern men has called forth
a convention of southern statesmen. They have
issued an address to the people of the South.
Upon that address I propose to bestow a few re-
marks. I wish to approach it with no feelings
other than a desire to ascertain truth. Those gen-
tlemen evidently think their rights are invaded.
They are dissatisfied, and have sent forth an ad-
dress stating their grievances. As a member of
'this body—as a lover of justice—it becomes my
duty to inquire into the cause of discontent, if it
exists among any portion of the people, either
north or south; and if any just causc of dissatis-
faction is found, we ought at once to remove it. This
is a Government of and for the people. It should
be administered to the satisfaction of all, so far as
may be compatible with justice and the Constitu-
tion. *'
With these feelings I cannot but regret the at-
tempts which are made to array unmeaning preju-
dices against those southern members who con-
stituted the Convention alluded to. It has been
called a "Disunion Convention," a ''Hartford
Convention," and other terms of reproach have
been applied to it. We ought to use only the argu-
ments of truth and justice. Those gentlemen not
only possessed the right to meet and compare views
and deliberate, but if they felt that the rights of
their people were invaded, it was their duty to take
such constitutional course as they deemed best cal-
culated to obtain justice for their constituents. I
have no doubt they were prompted by these desires.
They have stated the causes of their complaint.
The imputation of improper motives constitutes no
answer to the charges they make. To say that the
rights of the North have been trampled upon, will
.constitute no legitimate reason for withholding jus-
tice from the South. Suppose that, under merely
imaginary wrongs, they have contemplated a disso-
lution of theAmencan Union,weshould, neverthe-
less, treat them kindly, and by the force of reason
and the presentation of truth, endeavor to set them
right. We should bear in mind that oppression, a
disregard of our rights, caused our fathers to dissolve
the union between Great Britain and these United
States: indeed, we all hold"(Aaf whenever any form
of government becomes destructive" to the happiness
of the people, " it is their right to alter or to abolish ■
it." Our first duty is, to carry out and maintain !
the constitutional rights of each portion of the
Union; our next duty is, to examine into and re-
move all just cause of complaint. The most hum-
ble citizen is entitled to a patient hearing in this
body.
Now, sir, for a moment let us look into this
Address, and ascertain why dissatisfaction exists
among our southern friends.
The general cause of complaint is, that this Na-
tional Government has failed to secure and encourage
oppression—that under its administration men are
rending the chains that have bound them for ages
—that they are rising from a state of degradation,
and resuming the rights with which God endowed
them.
We regard this as the best of all possible argu-
ments in favorof the Union, We look upon it as
carrying into practice the very objects for which it
was formed. These gentlemen, however, evi-
dently think it was formed, not for the purposeof
encouraging liberty, but to uphold slavery. Thus
I fem again brought to this point of divergence,
mentioned at the commencement of my remarks.
Southern men holding this doctrine shape their
legislation to the support of slavery, believing that
the legitimate object of our association; while we
of th£ North direct our efforts to the promotion of
freedom, believing that the design for which our
Government was instituted. Thus we start in
different directions, and while we travel, we shall
of course increase the distance between us.
This Address will serve in a great degree to
inform the country of the true issues between the
advocates of slavery and those who are laboring
to promote the cause of human rights. We hope
that southern men will no longer deal in vague
generalities. We rejoice to see thetn in this Ad-,
dress come down to distinct specifications. This
enables us to meet them understanding^, and to
compare our views on specific points.
They first complain, that we lend them no aid
in the arrest of their fugitive slaves. They evi-
dently think that by the terms of our compact we
are bound to aid the slaveholder in arresting the.
bondman who flees from oppression. On this
point we are not left without definite infoYmation
of the intention of those who framed the Consti-
tution.
When Mr. Butler, of South Carolina, moved, in
the Convention that framed the Constitution, an
amendment making it the duty of the free States
to arrest and deliver up fugitive slaves in the same
manner that toe are bound to arrest and deliver up
fugitives from crime, Mr. Willson, of Pennsylva-
nia, objected that such a provision would involve
the people of the free States in the expense of ar-
resting such fugitive slaves; and the motion was-,
withdrawn.
Mr. Madison, in his history of the formation of
the Constitution, gives us this information. South
Carolina did not then hold the doctrine now main-
tained by her most distinguished statesmeu. Such
claim was then spurned Sy northern men, anO was
abandoned by those of the South. Our obligations
are embraced in the following clause of the second
section of the fourth article:
"No person held to service or labor in one State,and
fleeing into another, shall, in consequence of any law or
regulation theiein, be {lischarjred Iroin bueh service or labor;
but slmll be delivered up oh claim of th? paity to whom
such service or labor may be due."
These are our stipulations. We are to pass no
law, make no regulation by which the person esca-
ping shall he discharged. Our duty thus far is
negative. We are not to act; we are to refrain
from all action, to leave master and slave to them-
selves-
The latter part of the clause says, "he shall be
delivered&up on claim of the person to whom such ser-
vice or labor may be due.9' How delivered up'1 This
question is distinctly answered by the Supreme
Court of the tfnited States, in the case of Prigg vs.
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. They say
he is to be delivered up in the same manner that
we deliver up our friends to the civil officer in our
own State. We are bound to permit the master
to take him wherever he finds him. We must sur-
render him on claim of the master. We must rvot
secrete him from the masier. We must not de*
fend him against the master; nor are we to rescue
him from the master's custody after he shall have
taken him. This is the way in which he is to be
delivered up, according to the high tribunal which
| is authorized to give construction to the Constitu-
i tion : and it is worthy of remark that a majority
| of the court making this decision .were slavehold-
■ ers. They have determined our duties; I believe
' them in strict accordance with the intentions of*
i those who framed the Constitution. These slave-
! holding judges do not pretend that this Govern-
) ment, or the people of the free States, are bound
! to encourage or sustain slavery: on the contrary,
| they solemnly declare that our whole duty is to
| abstain from secreting, defending, or rescuing the
! slave. These obligations we observe to the very
! letter. They may have been violated by individ-
| uals; but I have never known an instance of the
; kind. I have heard and read of cases where citi-
i zens of my own State have been convicted of
j violating these stipulations, and have suffered the
1 legal penalties attached to such violation; but no
