APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
'30thCongZ^.2t,Sess. Relation of the Federal Government to Slavery—Mr. Giddmgs
Ho. of Reps.
each case has .ever come under my observation,
nor have I heard of such an instance in northern
'Ohio. .
It is proper, on such occasions as the present,
that we should speak with perfect frankness. I
therefore remark, that our people consider these
obligations as restraining the exercise of our moral
duties. They therefore very properly refuse to
fo further than is required fey the Constitution,
'heir sympathies are with the slave;—such is the
ordained law of the human intellect. We cannot
suppress the feelings of our nature. We cannot
!ook with indifference upon the panting fugitive as
he flies from bondage. We will not do it. We
receive biiri into our houses, we feed and clothe
him, and treat him as a man. We inform him,
teach him his rights, and point him to that im-
mortality that awaits him. Sir, our people know
their constitutional obligations on this subject. It
is useless to say to them that it is their duty, to
assume the character of bloodhounds, and give
chase to him who is fleeing from a land of chains
and tears. No, sir, they have neither sympathy
fior respect for the slave-catcher. We look upon
him as a mora! pestilence, a legalized pirate. We
.will not admit hvra to our dwellings; we drive him
from our premises. We regard him as unworthy
to associate with any portion of our race.
I understood the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Thompson] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
£Mr. Brown] and' my colleague [Mr. Taylor] to
say, that in their districts the master who pursues
his slave is treated with hospitality and respect.
They further said their people aided the master in
tracking out the trembling object of his pursuit. It
is due to candor that I should'assure southern gen-
tlemen that no such beings reside in my district.
They would find no associates there. In the lan-
guage of thateminent patriot, Mr. Gerry, we hold
that t£ ice have nothing to do with slavery in the States;
but we will be careful to lend it no sanction." We
rejoice when we see our fellow-men, who have
been subjected to all that is wrong, and barbarous,
and cruel, breathing the air of freedom, and wend-
ing their way to a land of safety. Nor will we
interpose the slightest obstacle; but we will lend
there all the aid<"in our power, without violating
the Constitution or laws of the land.
This Address further complains that the people
of the. North discuss the subject of slavery; that
debating clubs examine into its demerits;.and that
membeis on this floor denounee'it as wrong, as
destructive to the best interests of mankind; and
that the newspaper press is left untrammeled by
a censorship.
This feeling did not exist when the framers of
the Constitution solemnly declared, "that Con-
gress shall make no law abridging the free-
dom of speech or of the press." The founders
of our Government had no idea of rendering the
press subservient to slavery. Deeming it one of
the bulwarks of liberty, they placed its freedom
beyond the power of Congress. "They had no
thoughts of sealing the lips of freemen, or of mem-
bers of Congress, in order to uphold and continue
- the slavery of the South. Yet it is a lamentable
truth, that for a time these rights were surrendered,
ingloriously surrendered, by northern timidity.
Yes, m servile obedience to slaveholding dictation,
for. a time we established a vitiated state of public
sentiment throughout the whole North. Fifteen
years since it was regarded as disreputable to dis-
cuss the demerits of slavery in our social circles.
Our pulpits were silent in regard to the most
heaven-daring crimes when connected with south-
ern oppression. Our presses dared not speak the
language of freedom; and here, in this Hall, a tyran-
ny more absolute and unrelenting than exists in
any deliberative body in the civilized world, held
undisputed sway. I speak with some feeling on
this subject. I witnessed that tyranny: sir, I felt
it. For years 1 sat here under the inexorable rule
of the slave power—leproached, assailed, insulted,
and driven/rom my seat because I insisted upon
my right, as an American statesman^ to speak
the sincere convictions of my heart. B,ut, sir, after
years of toil, of solicitude, and of responsibility,
we have regained the freedom of speech. Do not
gentlemen know that we found our right to speak
our thoughts both here and elsewhere upon the Con-
stitution, upon the very rock of our political salva-
tion? Do they desire again to seal oilr lips? God
forbid. Do they complain that truth spoken here
excites their slaves to strive for freedom? I rejoice
to hear such, tidings. Would that I were able,
from this forum, to make every bondman in the
nation hear me. I would teach them their rights,
and if truth could instantly effect it, I would, be-
fore I resume my seat, strike the chains from every
slave in the wide universe. I am perfectly aware
that these gentlemen are correct, when they assure
the country that these discussions are constantly
weakening and relaxing the cords by which the
slaves are bound.' I rejoice at it. Truth is doing
its perfect work-. Justice is beginning to assert hei\
rights. The voice of humanity is listened to.- Our
press of the North is beginning to speak out. The
people talk of slavery as they do of other great
iniquities. Truth and righteousness are now
preached from our pulpits. While Turks and
Tartars denounce the sins of slavery, shall Ameri-
cans keep silence? While the followers of Moham- j
rnetl are purifying themselves from its crimes,
shall Christians uphold and encourage its God-
provoking iniquities? Here, in this city, in every
street, we meet our brother-man, borne down,
trampled upon, and held in the most abhorrent
degradation. From the windows of this Hall, we
witness, the barracoons, these legalized hells, estab-
lished by our laws, and now sustained by this
body. And shall we keep silence ? We possess
the moral and constitutional right to speak and
print whatever shall conduce to the elevation of
oi'" ra:e. Duty to our fellow-men and obedience
to God, require the exercise of those rights. They
will never be surrendered.
Those gentlemen also complain that we regard
slavery as sinful and wicked. I presume at-this
day it would be superfluous to argue that any
act or institution which detracts from the happi-
ness of mankind, or inflicts misery and suffering
upon any portion of our race, except as a punish-
ment for crimes, is opposed to the design of our
Creator, and in violation of his law. I believe
this may be regarded as an admitted principle.
How is it with slavery? How does the civil-
ized world regard it? How have we as a nation
regarded it? When, in 1804, the semi-barbarians
of Tripoli seized and enslaved our people, did we
not regard it as sinful ? Why, sir, we pronounced
them "pirates" and "savages,'"and sent an armed
force to slay and desiroy them, as beings unfit
to remain on the earth. Their blood flowed and
their lives, were taken for crimes far less aggravated
than are daily committed in this city, under lie
sanction of our laws.
By the most accurate data we can obtain, the
number of human lives sacrificed upon the sugar,
• cotton, and rice plantations of the South, amounts
annually to more than twenty thousand. -These
murders are effected by driving the slaves so hard
as to render their average existence upon those
plantations from five to seven years. And will
southern gentlemen assert that this worse than
savage barbarity is innocent? Does our religion
teach this bloody code? Sir, happy would those
slaves feel if they could escape from professed
Christians, whose hands are dripping with human
gore, to the protection of the most unrelenting
despotisms of the Old World: or, could they even
fall into the hands of the savage Arabs of Morocco,
they would regard it as an unspeakable improve-
ment of their condition. Look at the victims ofj
our domestic slave trade! Mark the agony, the
horror, the transports of grief which they suffer!—
listen to their sighs, their groans, and waitings!
men to secure the people in the enjoyment of these
rights"—meaning the right to life and liberty.
Northern men are now ready and willing to form
such a government in California; but our southern
friends insist that a government shall be established
there by which a portion of the people may be robbed
of these rights, may be brutalized, disrobed of their
humanity We reply, that such an act would be
vitally opposed to the objects for which our Union
was formed, at war with the principles of justice,
and opposed to the dictates of humanity and the
Constitution. This subject, however, has been so
fully argued by others, as well as by myself, on
former occasions, that 1 will not detain the com-
mittee longer upon it. I will merely add, that the
peoole of the North haye examined and considered
this subject, and, I think, have made up their
judgments in regard to it. Their motto is, " JVo
slave territory—no more slave States.51
I again remark, that this Address, in its general
aspect, and in each and every particular, is founded
upon the erroneous assumption that this Govern-
ment is hound to regard slavery with, favor, and to
uphold and encourage it; while we of the North
hold that the ultimate design of our Constitution
is unyielding hostility la slavery, and every species of
oppression, wherever we have power to legislate.
It is this error into which southern men have
so generally fallen, that leads us to differ in rela-
tion to the abolition of slavery in this District. By
our law of 1801, we took possession of this terri-
tory, and extended over that part of it which we
now hold the laws of Maryland. In that act we
declared that the laws of that State, in force at the
time we took possession of thedistrict, shouldremain
and continue in force. Among those laws was the en-
tire slave code of that State. This we adopted with*
the others. By this enactifient these laws became
" acts of Conp-ess." They are to this day sustained
and made law by this act of 1801. It is, therefore,
solely by virtue of this act of 1801, that slavery
exists in this District. It is that which sustains
the slave trade. By force of this Congressional
enactment, men are bought and sold, women are
made the subjects of traffic, and a commerce in
children is carried on within this territory, under
the jurisdiction of this Government. This view
of the subject is taken by the Attorney General
of the United States, as well as by all the courts
in this District, and by the Supreme Court of the
United States. Now, sir, all that abolitionists or
free-soil men ask, is the repeal of that law of Con-
gress of 1801. Let that be repealed, and the chains
would instantly fall from every slave in the Dis-
trict. This is the doctrine which, for ten years,
we have constantly held forth in this Hall. We
insist that our power to repeal this law of our own
enacting is clear and indisputable. 1 have never
been able to find any member of this body willing
to deny this position. Yet we sit here and listen
to long and eloquent speeches, denouncing us for
attempting to interfere with the rights of slave
property here. We have heard a most ingenious
argument from the gentleman who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. Crisfield,] urging that we have not
the constitutional power to abolish either slavery
or the slave trade in this District. I had hoped that
he would have met this position. While listening
to his speech I greatly desired to ask him whether
he denied the power of Congress to repeal its own
law to which I have referred. He, however, re-
fused to be interrupted. 1 see the gentleman is
now in his seat. I feel desirous of knowing wheth-
er he and I differ on this subject; and in order to
Do you believe that a holy, pure, and righteous !j determine that question, I respectfully ask him,
God, approves the infliction of such suffering? j( whether he denies the power of Congress to repeal
Sir, these gentlemen are correct, when they assert |> .that law of 1801, to which I have referred? And I
that we regard slavery as a sin. We look upon it jj tender him the floor to answer that interrogatory,
not only as wicked and sinful, but as compounded ji Mr. CRISFIELD said he had not been paying
of the worst of crimes. It robs men of their labor; !j particular attention to what the gentleman from
it steals from them their domestic and intellectual j1 Ohio-[Mr. Giddi.vgs] was saying. But he-had
enjoyments; it degrades, brutalizes, and murders j! refused to be interrogated, and should lefuse an-
them. For my own part, 1 can conceive of no jj swenng any questions.
greater crime than that of slavery: it is on that:! Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes, Mr. Chairman, that is
account that the Christian world are opposed to it. |l probably a more convenient mode for gentlemen
J - Another and principal cause of complaint set j| to get along'with this subject. Evasion, sir, is their
I forth in this Address, is the expected exclusion of j ] only mode of escape. I call on the House and the
| slavery from our newly-acquired territory. In es- |l country to witness that I desire to meet this ques-
i tablishing a government there, we have an object ' "
by which we are guided. What is it? The an-1
swer is given in the American Declaration of In- j
dependence: " Governments are instituted among!
tion openly and candidly. At the very opening"
of my remarks I tendered to any gentleman who
deemed me in error the floor, for the purpose of
setting me right. I regard it as a favor to me, and
