1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
\/
127
30th Cong 2d Sess. Relation of the Federal Government to Slavery—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. or Heps.
an act of friendship in any gentleman who will
propound to me questions for the purpose of elicit-
ing truth, yhat, sit, is the very object for which
I speak. Now, if the gentleman admits our power
to repeal our own laws, then there would be no
issue between us regard to our constitutional
authority.
The gentleman, and his colleague [Mr. Mc-
Lane] who spoke the other day, insist that we
ought not to abolish slavery here, until Maryland
abolishes it in that State. Slavery, as I have al-
ready shown, exists by virtue of our own laws.
Its existence has no more connection with slavery
in Maryland, than it has with that institution in
Algiers. Yve, sir, the people of Ohio—of all the
free States—uphold and sustain slavery in this
District. Its wrongs, its outrages, its crimes, and
its guilt, rest on us. To God and to mankind we
are responsible. Yet we are told that we must
continue involved in all these enormities until the
people of Maryland shall awake to the turpitude
of slavery. The guilt of sustaining th.e crimes of
that institution sits heavy upon the conscience of
our people. They are deeply anxious to be re-
lieved from it. Again, sir, the slave trade carried
on here forms a part of the institution itself. But
the gentleman from Maryland denies that the slave
trade exists in this District, or that slave prisons
are to be found in this city, or that persons are
brought here from Maryland for sale. Why, sir,
sthis very day 1 was applied to for counsel in a case
where three persons, said to be legally entitled to
their freedom, were brought from Maryland, and
duting yesterday were sold and taken to Alexan-
dria. At the last session 1 was called on for coun-
sel in a case where a large family was brought
from that State and sold south, where, if living, they
are now dragging out a miserable existence. But
the gentleman denies.that there are slave prisons
in this city. If he will go to cither of these front
windows, and cast his eye down Maryland av-
enue as far as Seventh street, he will see a large
brick building, standing back from both streets, its
out-buildings surrounded by a high brick^vall. Sir,
1 hesitate not to say, that if he will ask any colored
person in the city of ten years of age, they will
tell him " that is a sla\e pen." I have visited
it. 1 went there to reueem my fellow-man, with
"sordid dust," from the grasp of the soul-driver.
On my right sits my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. McIkvain'e.] wiioaccompanied me. I leave
it for that gentleman to give a full description of
the scene which we witnessed on that occasion. I
have no language adequate to that purpose. The
man whom we redeemed was there some six or
seven days. He assured us that every night during
his stay, slaves were brought in from the coun-
try apd confined in that leceptacle of suffering
"humanity. When gentlemen deny the existence
of the slave trade here, do they intend to charge
falsehood upon the venerable Justice Crunch, and
ten hundred and sixty-three other respectable cit-
izens o£ this District, who have assured us that
this tiaffic, with a,II its honors and attendant
crimes, is continually carried on in this city? There
is their petition praying us to deliver them from
those painful exhibitions of this slave trade which
your law has authorized. Yet gentlemen say there
is no traffic carried on here. Will they deny that
in April last, Hope H. Slatter, a noted dealer in
slaves, marched fifty men, women, and children,
victims of this commerce, from the jail in this city,
through Pennsylvania avenue, to the lailroad de-
pot, thence to Baltimore, for the southern market,
where ihey now pine in bondage? No man will
deny these specific facts. They are known to tne
whole country. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Thompson] said that he had sf,en nothing of
this slave trade, and sneeringly remarked that
" gentlemen who had looked for it may have seen it.
Sir, i receive his taunts with all humility. I am
one of those who feel it my duty to look around
me and learn the effect of those laws which we
enact. I have attended the sale of slaves at auc-
tion for this express purpose. I have witnessed
the chained coffie as they passed by the very walls
of the building in which we are now sitting; where
the star-spangled banner which floats over us
thiew its shadow in bitter irony upon those vic-
tims of your barbarous law, which we now uphold
and sustain.
Now, sir, I repeat, that this Government was
not formed for the purpose of thus robbing men
of their rights—of degrading and brutalizing them.
It was not for such purpose that our fathers of the
Revolution toiled and bled. They struggled to
establish a Government that should suppress out-
rage and crimes like these.
But it is said that this slave trade causes no suf-
fering; that it produces no distress. There is no
doubt that great pains are taken to prevent the
promulgation of facts which illustrate the barbar-
ous character of this traffic. Generally,, the slaves
of the District are sold when they are unconscious
of the fact. They are sent by their masters to some
place agreed upon with the purchaser; there they
are seized, gagged, and instantly taken to the slave
pen, and few, if any, spectators witness the horrid
process. Those purchased out of the city are
brought here in the night, and are taken away
during the hours of darkness. This caution has
increased as the public attention has been turned^?
to the subject; until now but few of its enormities
are witnessed by the public.
Some years since, a man of this city, more white
than black, having a wife and several children,
was informed by his owner that she had sold him
to one of those dealers in our common humanity
who hover around this city. The man, in a trans-
port of despair, attempted to cut his thioat. He
was seized, and the wound was dressed; but no
sooner was he released from the grasp of those
who held him,,than he ran to the britfge over the
canal on Seventh street, and threw himself into
its turbid waters. In death he sought relief from
the barbarity inflicted upon him by your laws.
If the gentleman from Indiana wishes to know
more of this transaction, I i;efer him to the then
Representative from the city of Boston, who saw
the body taken from its watery grave the next
morning. Nor is it unusual for the victims of this
commerce to seek relief in death from those suffer-
ings to which your laws subject them.
At a more recent period, 1 was told of a young
woman, who attempted in the daytime to escape
from the establishment situated on Maryland ave-
nue to which J, have referred. She was making
her way back to her home m Virginia, and while
on the bridge over the Potomac, was pursued.
Those who sought to arrest her gave the alarm to
some men who were coming from the other side of !
the river. She halted, looked forward, then be-
hind her. She saw that escape was impossible:
but one appeal was left—that was to hei final
Judge. She threw herself from the bridge, the
waters closed over her body: her spirit ascended to
the "Judge of all the earth." Believe you, sir, that
He will hold us guiltless of her blo.od ? is there
no responsibility resting on us, who now maintain
these barbarous laws? Yet, s?r, these people die,
that political partis may be sustained.
A few members are exerting all their efforts to
relieve the people of the free Slates from the stain
of such infamy, but all our labors are baffled by
those who show themselves anxious to continue
these outrages upon humanity. I feel constrained
to speak frankly on this subject, to point the peo-
ple to existing facts.
Sir, "the Speaker of this House is a distinguished
friend of the incoming Executive. lie was an
advocate of General Taylor's nomination many
months prior to the occurrence of that event. Re
arranges the committees who hold jurisdiction of
this slave trade. A majority of those committees
aie the avowed friends of General Taylor. The
petitions of many thousands of our northern peo-
ple praying to- be released from the guilt of sup-
porting this infamous traffic are sent to those com-
mittees, and aie by them buried in silence. We
can extort no report upon them. Without such
report, the friends of humanity can do nothing.
There stand the committees, placed by the Speaker
between us and the slave-dealers, upholding the
law, and encouraging the crimes to which I have
referred.
Mr. EVANS, of Maryland, (interruping Mr.
Giddings,) said that he umlerstoud the gentleman
from Ohio to say that the Speaker placed an un-
due proportion of southern men on those commit-
tees, while the facts were -that a majority ot each
committee were from the North.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed. I had not charged
the Speaker with placing a majority of southern
men on those committees. I- said they were so
arranged by the Speaker that all efforts to> obtain
a report from them upon the petitions referred to
their consideration had proved fruitless. Thejr
will neither report in favor of continuing the sale
of slaves in this District, nor will they report in
favor t>f abolishing it.
Mr. EDWARDS said, they had reported a bill
on that subject.
Mr. GIDDINGS (resuming) remarked, that
they had reported a biU to prohibit bringing slaves
from the surrounding country to this market; but
they had left the people of the District (those
entitled to our protection) to be bought and sold,
at the option of those who claimed to own them.
After all the demonstrations of popular feeling,
and after the reiterated expression of the senti-
ments of members in this Hall, those committees
still persist in sustaining the slave merchants while
they pursue their hated vocation. I would not be
uncharitable; but it is my duty to let the people
understand facts. No man has a right to com-
plain when his official acts are placed fairly before
the public. I will not prejudge General Taylor.
I wish merely to call public attention to the course
which his leading friends pursue on this floor.
They are generally loud in their protestations of
devQtion to the cause of humanity. Yet no man
can doubt, that hud they failed to exert themselves
to reconsider the lesolutiun of my friend from New
York, [Mr. Gott,] this slave trade would, ere
now, have .been abolished^. At the time that res-
olution was adopted, a distinguished friend of
the incoming Executive, said to be a candidate
for the office of Secretary of the Treasury, [Mr.
Smith, of Connecticut,] positively fled the Hall in
apparent dismay. Another gentleman, from In-
diana, said to be a candidate for a Cabinet appoint-
ment, [Mr. C. B.Smith,] I believe, failed to vote,
though he remained in the Hall; and other lesser
lights from the North^ who are looking for minor
offices, voted against the resolution. But it was
adopted. And we looked upon the slave trade as
abolished. It is said that the slaver-dealers com-
menced closing up their business, and the slave
mother, pressing her child more closely to her
bosom, breathed her silent gratitude to G6d for the
prospect that she would soon cease to tremble at the
thought that the soul-diiver would tear from her the
object of her tenderest affections. But gentlemen,
tedding ft iends of the incoming Administiation, ap-
peared anxious to reconsider the vote adopting the
resolution. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. C.
B Smith] said he was desirous to reconsider it,
as he wanted " some practical legislation." What
could have been more practical than its entire and
instantaneous abolition, I have yet to learn. But
both the gentlemen to whom I have just referred,
and other northern members, said to be candidates
for Executive appointments, voted to reconsider the
resolution; and their efforts prevailed. The resolu-
tion was reconsidered, and now stands on your
calendar never again to be taken up. The slave
trade is revived; the dealers in humanity have
made new investments^ more men have been pur-
chased, more women have been collected, and aa
increased number of children obtained, for the
southern market; and here ends the gentleman's
"practical legislation." Sir, 1 am sick at heart, my
soul is nauseated with these deceptions,"evasions,
and never-endmg tergiversations. I tried to draw
from the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Caleb B.
Smith] an express avowal of his own wishes. I re-
spectfully asked him, in the presence of the House,
whether he desired to continue slavery in this Dis-
trict ? But I could not learn. He answered that
his opinions were well known. Now, sir, they
may have been known to himself and to his more
intimate friends; but I did not know, and could
not learn. He refused to inform me; but he sneer-
ingly said, that "when he submitted the question
to the people of this District, he woxtld not allow
negroes to voteI believe that gentleman was bom
and educated in a State where negroes vote, where
the equality of all men is recognized. He may now
revile the suhlime truths, the maintenance of which
constitutes the true glory of that "old Bay State"
which gave him birth: he may despise the doc-
trines which gave unfading lustre to the names of
Hancock and of Adams: he may pander for the
slaveholders; but time will demonstrate to him
that the people do not regard that course as the
evidence of patriotism.
