■J
128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d Sess. Relation of the Federal Government to Slavery—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
Thus, sir, are slavery and the slave trade in this
District upheld and protected by leading friends of-
General Taylor. In calling attention to these facts,
I shall do no injustice to any man or any party.
We shall soon see further developments. Will
dreraeral Taylor, with these facts before him and
known to the country, select his officers from
among those who now exert their official influence
to protect this slave trade, to sustain crimes which
strike us with horror? If he 'does, such indica-
tions will be regarded as establishing the character
of his administration. Those members who-be-
lieve that the powers of this Government ought to
be exerted to rob men of their inalienable rights
will sustain him; and he will be opposed by those
who think such powers should be exerted to secure
those rights and to elevate our race.
I am fully aware that a great effort is making to
divert public attention from this issue, and to re-
vive old party divisions. But I am of opinion"
that the experience of the present session has fully
demonstrated the perfect hopelessless of that at-
tempt. A portion of both the old parties will,
under all circumstances, sustain the doctrine that
we .are bound to.support this system of southern
oppression; while a large portion of both parties
will oppose it with all the power and influence
whieh they possess.
. I need say nothing of the importance of this
transcendent question. It is the same issue which
led our fathers to the battle-fields of the Revo-
lution. They intended to separate our country
from the advocates of oppression—from the influ-
ence of those-who used civil power to deprive men
of their just rights. But the spirit of oppression
had taken deep root upon this American soil. It
was suffered to remain; and at the formation of the
Constitution, it retained possession of the slave
States as the only field of its operations: It is
ever aggressive. If now demands aid of this Gov-
ernment to extend its sphere, and to maintain its
ascendency m this District and upon the high seas.
The freemen of the North are now called upon to
participate in its crimes and share its disgrace.
Shall we comply? That is the question. Shall
we assist in subverting the fundamental doctrines
of our Government? Are the principles of free-
dom which we have so long cherished now to be
basely surrendered? -
The manifestatiqns of popular sentiment ex-
hibited at Buffalo in August last, seconded by three
hundred thousand free electors in November, and
responded to by the Legislature of nearly every
free State, sustained by a hundred presses, now
give an emphatic answer.
Tell me not of the Whig party, or of the 'Demo-
cratic party, while their hands are dripping with
the blood of innocent victims daily hurried to their
final account by the barbarity of those laws which
they support. Whether those crimes be protected
by Whig or by Democratic votes, I will not par-
ticipate m the turpitude.
The time has arrived when parties must separate
on this absorbing question. Those who support
outrage and crime will be politically opposed by
those who adhere to the "self-evident truth" of
man's equality. On those truths we base our
action. Those who are not with us are against
us. There can be no neutrals. Everyman is m
favor of this slave trade and its attendant crimes,
or he is against it. Those with whom I act afe
opposed to every man and every party who up-
holds oppression.
We shall put forth our utmost endeavors to
strike the chains of bondage from the limbs of man-
kind, wherever this Government has power to le-
gislate. " Free soil, free men, and free speech," is
our motto. If General Taylor and his friends
unite with us, we shall rejoice to act with them.
They may have the offices, we want them not:
we desire to extend libeity to the downtrodden,
to raise up the bowed down, to exalt our race. To
•this object our energies wiji be directed. And if
General Taylor's administration shall be devoted :
to riveting the chains of servitude upon our fellow-
man, to the degradation of any portion of our race,
then, sir, we shall be opposed to him. I make .
these remarks that our position may be distirtctly ,
understood.
There is one point on which some gentlemen
appear to deceive themselves. They urge the pas-
sage of a bill to organize our Mexican territory, in
order to silence the agitation in regard to slavery.
They should be undeceived. They should dis-
tinctly understand, that while the people of the free
States are involved in the support of slavery in this
District, or of the coastwise slave trade; while
Congress lends its .powers and influence to rob a
portion of the people of their inalienable rights—
northern philanthropy and northern patriotism will
make their voices heard in this Hall. Nor will
they be silenced until this District is rendered free,
until the nation's flag shall cease to float over car-
goes of slaves, and the territories of the United
States shall be exempt from the curse of oppression.
We wish to deceive no one. We desire all to under-
stand our position. We base our efforts distinctly
upon the letter and the spirit of the Constitution.
Separation of the Federal Government and the people
of the free States from all participation in the support
. 'of slavery, constitutes our object. Nor shall we
relax our exertions while a slave shall be held as
such under the laws of Congress.
But myself and political friends are charged with
"agitation." What is intended by this language
I do not precisely understand. No man accuses
us of bringing irrelevant or improper subjects into
discussion, or that we speak upon them at im-
proper times; nor do they charge us with misrep-
resentation or erroneous statements. If they in-
tend by this language to say that we speak truth
without disguise, that we do not attempt to sup-
press facts, then, sir, I admit the correctness of
their assertion. They do not deny our doctrines.,
No man, either north or south, will rise here and
take issue on any principle embraced in our polit-
ical creed. I repeat, that I am wholly incapable
of understanding the import of this charge of agi-
tation made against the free-soil members of this
body. But why do gentlemen complain? Not
more than one member in twenty belongs to our
party. The others speak nineteen times as often
and nineteen times as much as we do; and if we
should put forth false doctrines, surely our oppo-
nents possess ample means to correct us.
Gentlemen have constantly asserted that north-
ern members were invading the rights of the South.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Thompson,] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown,]
and my colleague, [Mr. Tatlor,] were all under-
stood as imputing to us efforts to interfere with
southern rights. For years I have listened to such
charges. They seem to be stereotyped. Pt>r years
I have called on gentlemen to come down from
these general denunciations, and specify an instance
in which any proposition was ever made in this
body to invade the rights of the South. I have
constantly called on them to state ioho made such
proposition? To give us the name. When was
such proposition made? What was the proposi-
tion? To all these questions,1* respectful silence
is the only answer which I have ever been able to
obtain.
There is another complaint made by gentlemen
which demands a word of comment. It is said
that members are constrained to vote on those
questions relating to slavery; that they are not
permitted to dodge, evade, and put off subjects of
that character. Southern gentlemen are denounced
for assisting us to bring these questions to a vote.
Well, sir, it is one of the noble characteristics of
southern statesmen that they act boldly, and they
undoubtedly desire to see others show their hands.
It is a virtue which I admire. They have never
deceived me, and I trust they will do me the jus-
tice to admit,-that I have at all times dealt frankly
and sincerely with them. They desire to 'know
the real sentiments of gentlemen of the North, and
therefore wish them to record their votes.
But gentlemen find fault with northern Demo- j"
crats for voting with us. One gentleman charged |1
them with having changed their course of action I
on the subject of slavery. And who has not |l
changed on this subject? I well recollect that.my ;;
late venerable and lamented friend [Mr. Adams] "
interested me greatly when describing this change j
in his own mind. We have all changed. But it j
is said that the Democrats are not sincere in their f
professions. Of that I can only judge by their
acts. The voice of inspiration has taught us to
show our faith by our works. If men will speak,
and act, and vote right, I will leave the examina- i|
tion of their hearts to "Him who searcheth the h
heart." But those gentlemen who make this II
complaint will neither speak, nor act, nor vote in
favor of freedom; yet they complain of the motives
of others. "O! Consistency, thou .art a jewel."
I am constrained to regard these gentlemen as sin-
cere, when voting against/reedom, precisely as I feel
bound to believe those sincere who vote against
During the discussions of this body, those with
whom I act have been reproached for having sup-
ported for.President a man who, in former times,
was opposed to the abolition of slavery in this
District. Sir, the charge is true. Mr. Yan-Buren,
in 1837, like-all our public men of both parties at
that time, was undoubtedly opposed to the ab-
olition of slavery in this District. The subject
had undergone no investigation by them. They
had not even looked into it. Even John Gtuincy
Adams, the distinguished friend of humanity, was
then opposed to that measure. The gentlemen
who now assail us not only supported the same
doctrines at that time, but they now sustain both
slavery and the slave trade in this city, ani assail all
who attempt to abolish them. The d ifference between
these gentlemen and Mr. Van Buren is this: he
now avows our doctrines; they adhere to the slave
trade, with all its turpitude. Indeed, they support-
ed a man who made no professions on the subject;
but who is a slaveholder, and whose interest and
associations are ail in favor of that institution.
It is also true that Mr. Van Buren, while Pres-
ident, followed the example of General Jackson^
in lending the influence of his office to sustain the '
coastwise slave trade. In this he complied with
the avowed opinion of the Senate. That august
body adopted resolutions, as late as 1840, unani-
mously declaring it to he the duty of this Govern-
ment to protect those who were engaged in that
detestable traffic. Neither Whig nor Democrat
then denied the correctness of that doctrine. No
man who now denounces Mr. Van Buren, then■
even objected to his policy. Indeed, when 1 alone,
and single-handed, denied its correctness, not one
of them stood by me or sustained me in that denialr
But the Convention at Buffalo which nominated
Mr. Van Buren, declared it the duty of this Gov-
ernment " to relieve itself from all support of slavery
and the slave trade." In answer to this doctrine,
Mr. Van Buren replied, that "it breathes the right
spirit:" and he pledged himself to its support.
Before Heaven I believe the doctrine to be right.
I had no doubt of his sincerity, and I advocated
his election cheerfully and cordially. Sir, I would
rather have been the author of that letter than to
enjoy all the honors that he has ever gained in
discharging the duties of President.
Several gentlemen have inquired, rather vaunt-
what we have effected by our labors in the
cause of humanity? They will find a very satis-
factory answer to this interrogatory in the Address
of the Southern Members, to which I have called
attention.
When I first took my seat in this Hall, the pe-
titions of our people asking to be relieved from the
burden, the guilt, and disgrace of supporting the
slave trade, were not received, nor were they per-
mitted to be read; but they were treated with the most
marked contempt. I found here that distinguished
statesman whom history will describe as the great
champion of popular rights, [Mr. J. Q,. Adams;]
he was laboring to regain the right of petition. His
zeal and devotion to that cause were unbounded.
His spirit was undaunted, and his energy never
relaxed. Who that was then here has forgotten
his herculean labors' No difficulties embarrassed,
no dangers deterred him. His determination of
purpose appeared to be more and more developed
as opposition increased. We saw him arraigned
•at your bar, like a base felon, for no other charge
than that of sustaining the right of the people;
and as the dark storm of human passions gathered
thick, and the tempest raged, and the waves of
vituperation and calumny rolled and dashed in
wild confusion around him, he stood calm and
unmoved in his purpose as the adamantine rock.
Who has forgotten the boundless resources of his
intellect, or his unrivaled eloquence, or his terrible
invective? They were all called forth and exerted
m favor of the right of petition. I rejoice that he
lived to witness the consummation of his labors.
He has now gone to his rest, but the affections of
a nation cluster around his memory.
At my first entrance to this Hall, no member
