-3V:: ?~S*
1849.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
30th Cong 2d Sess. Review of the Report of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Pollock. New Series No. 9.
was allowed to speak irreverently of the slave
trade, or of slavery. A more unrelenting tyranny
never existed in a Turkish divan, than reigned
here. The gentleman who now fills the Presiden-
tial'chair then piesided over our deliberations, and
most effectually did he exercisc his authority for
the suppression of truth and of liberty. For years
my lips were hermetically sealed on the subject
of humanity. Often have I listened for hours to
language insulting to myself, to my constituents,
and to the people of the free States, without the
liberty of saying a word in vindication of those
whom I represented, or of expressing in any de-
gree the indignant emotions which prompted the
utterance of salutary truth. Often have I seen the
venerable and world-honored member from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. J. Q,. Adams] peremptorily or-
dered t<* his seat when he dared even to allude to
the slave trade, or to the slavery which was sus-
tained in this District by laws of our own enact-
ment. But how changed the scene! I can scarcely
realize that this is the Hall in which I have wit-
, nessed the display of deadly weapons, exhibited
for the purpose of intimidating northern members
to keep silence in regard to the crimes and disgrace
of slavery. Here, sir, in this body has been dis-
played, in the most striking manner, the power of
truth. The freedom of speech has been regained.
We now give free utterance to the emotions of
the soul in behalf of suffering humanity. We
have regained and now enjoy an equality of privi-
leges with southern members. This important
reformation has been brought about by toil, and
labor, and suffering which never will and never
can be appreciated by any person who, has not
shared in them. It is, however, due to truth that I
should say, northern servility, manifested through a
venal press, and exhibited to this body in speeches,
and illustrated in a variety of ways, has presented
even greater obstacles to the progress of truth than
all the opposition of southern men.
Another evidence of the progress of the great
reformation now.going on is to be found in the
action of the Executive. In 1839 a slave ship, (the
Comet,) laden with slaves, sailed from this Dis-
trict for New Orleans, and was wreckcd on one of
the British West India islands. When the slaves
reached British soil they became instantly free,
and each went in pursuit of his own fortune. The
slave-dealer demanded that the British authorities
should arrest and return them to their owners,
but they spurned the degrading proposition. The
slave merchants, thus failing in their speculations,
• returned to this city, and demanded that the char-
acter and influence of the nation should be prosti-
tuted to aid them in obtaining a compensation for
their loss from the Government of England. And
strange to say, the President, instead of recom-
mending to Congress the passage of laws to punish
with death the crimes of which they had been
guilty, sent orders to our minister at the Court of
St..James to demand, in the name of this Gov-
ernment, indemnity for the loss of those slaves.
The orders of the President were obeyed. Our
minister, (Mr. Stevenson,) however, still further
disgraced the Government, hi order to obtain
indemnity for crimes of the deepest dye, he had
recourse to misrepresentation—to flagrant false-
hood. - I invite the friends of that gentleman to call ;
we to an account for what I am saying; to demand
explanation before this body^nd the country for
the charge I make against him. He, however,
deceived the British ministers, and obtained the
money. The people of Great Britain have paid
_ these slave merchants for the commission of crimes
wore aggravated than that of murder or of piracy.
Other slave ships were wrecked, and their car-
I God had endowed them, and true to the noblest
I impulses of our nature, asserted and maintained in
practice the doctrines of our revolutionary fathers.
They regained their freedom by their own physical
strength. They then navigated the ship to the
island of New Providence, and each sought his
own happiness. At that time a Whig administra-
tion controlled the Government. Mr. Van Buren,
now so much denounced for his favor to the slave
power, had retired to Lindenwald. The Executive
sent immediate orders to our minister at London to
demand compensation of the English Government
for the loss of these slave merchants who had been
unable to control their human cargo. Sir, I then
saw the party with whom I had always acted
about to commit itself and the Government to the
support of a detestable commerce in mankind. I
saw the Constitution violated, by a prostitution of
our national influence to support a traffic detested
by men and cursed of Heaven; a traffic abhorrent
to every feeling of our nature, and at war with
every principle of Christianity. I had sworn at.
your altar faithfully to supporfthat Constitution.
I saw no way but to express my views, humble
ancfunpretending as they were. I did so m a se-
ries of resolutions, denying the ris:ht of this Gov-
ernment thus to involve the people of the free
ij States in the expense, disgrace, and crimes of the
|! slave trade. The effect of that movement upon
jj myself was unimportant—of that I do not speak;
i{ but the effect which it exerted upon the Govern-
jj ment should be known and understood bv ail. It
j callcd public attention to the subject. The press
j of the North ppoke forth the sentiments of the j
I North. Leading men and statesmen denounced ;
i the. practice of involving the people of the free j
| States in the support of crimes at the contempla- J
I tion of which humanity shudders. In view of'
j these demonstrations, a slavehoiding: Executive ■
i hesitated in his course, doubted, and ceased to fol- j
| low a practice which for ten years had disgraced j
! the nation. I speak from contemporaneous his- !
j tory. I refer to the first volume of " Wheeler's |
I Political and Biographical History," a work com- ,
piled with great labor and ability, and which may i
j be consulted eve*n by statesmen with profit' The j
| author,speakmgoftheeffectoftbatmovement,says -
| that he " has been unable to learn that the demand of!
I this Government for the loss of slaves teas even eneieed." \
' I have other evidence, satisfactory to myself, that
, the demand was never pressed afterwards.
; Thus, sir, the Executive has been driven from
! a position at war with our national honor, with j
j justice, wiih humanity, and with the Constitution. I
j When asked what we have effected by our j
i efforts, I answer, that in Congress we have re- ;
' gained the right of petition and the freedom of
i debate. We have relieved the Government from
: the ostensible support of the coastwise slave trade,
j We have called the attention of statesmen and
; jurists to the investigation of those rights which
| northern freemen hold under the Federal compact,
i We have rendered northern servility unpopular.
Where now are those timid, faltering statesmen of
the North who filled these seats ten years since?
During the short period of my service in this body,
I have seen whole generations, as it were, appear
here, avow their detestation of those who main-
tained the rights of our people and of humanity,
meekly bow to the dictates of the slave power,
and then depart to that political " bourn from
which no traveler returns." Where are now those
northern members who, only seven years since, j
voted to censure me for merely asserting the rights :
of my constituents to be exempt from the crimes :
attendant upon the coastwise slave trade? Why,
sir, three or four of them yet remain, the t{ spared
goes obtained freedom in the same manner, and j; monuments" of the people's mercy; but I believe jl
compensation has been demanded, and in one in- ' " j1 1 ' - J
stance obtained; in others it was refused. The
South became clamorous. The Senate passed res-
olutions unanimously declaring that it was the
duty of this Government to support this coastwise
slave trade. A report from the Committee on For-
eign Relations m this body was made, hintingat war
m case indemnity was withheld from, these slave-
dealers; and speeches were made, even by north-
members, which indicated a willingness to see
•our country involved in a war to support this infa-
mous traffic. The case of the Creole is fresh in
the recollection of all who hear me. On board that
ship the slaves, conscious of the rights with which
9
not one of them has been reelected to meet me
here in December next. A few days will separate
us probably forever. Towards them I feel no
unkindiffess; and I now refer to the fact as show-
ing the progress of that revolution which is going
forward. Look to the other end of the Capitol,
and you will find unmistakable evidences of the
change now going on m the popular mind. Read
the proceedings of our State Legislatures. In
Ohio, at one vote, they have erased from our stat-
utes the whole code of black laws which have
disgraced the State for nearly half a century. In
Pennsylvania, they have gone even further in the
cause of justice and freedom: they have very prop-
erly rendered it penal for the citizens or officers of
that State to aid or assist the slave-catcher in seiz-
ing upon the victims of his .unrighteous oppres-
sion, as they fly from bondage. New York, too,
that " Empire State," is assuming a position on
this subject worthy of herself. Of other States I
need not speak. The effects of our labors are seen
and felt in every free State—in every county,4
town, and school district of the free States. They
are visible in our social circles, in ouv pulpits, m
our literary publications, our newspapers, our de-
bating clubs, our political discussions, and in all
departments of society. The foundations of the
mighty deep of popular sentiment are broken up.
Political parties are disorganized, and party at-
tachments are disregarded.
These are.some of the effects of that moral and
political revolution now going forward in this na-
tion. I trust it will continue to progress, until this
Government and the peopleof the free States shall
be fully redeemed and purified from the contagion
of-slavery and all manner of oppression, and the
Constitution and the rights of humanity shall be
( fully vindicated. •
jj REVIEW OP THE REPORT Or THE SECRETARY OF
ij THE TREASURY.
IjsPEECH OF Mil. J. POLLOCK,
J ' OF PENNSYLVANIA,
! f
ji Lv the House of Representatives,
ij December 28, 1848.
I The bill making appiopriauons to supply deficiencies in
• the Appropriations for the service of tiie fi^ea! y* ar ending
! June SO, 1649. being under consideration hi Committee of
j the WIioIp Hou>e on the state of the Union—
j Mr. POLLOCK said:
| Mr. Ciiairmax: I desire to submit to the House
| some remarks on a subject, if not directly, at least
| indirectly, connected with this biii. The bill makes
! appropriations to supply deficiencies in former ap-
j proprmtions. It is my intention to vote for it; aifd
i do not design by the remarks 1 may make on the
subject 1 have selected, to provoke any discussion
that may delay its passage. My wish is, that it
mav bo passed at the earliest possible moment.
; The bill involves appropriations of money, and
; consequently the ways and means by which funds
i are to be raised to meet these appropriations, are
i legitimately the subject of debate. If money is to
t be appropriated, it is proper to inquire by what
j best means the treasury ctfn be supplied. I have
| not risen to enter into a general discussion of the
| subject of finance, or to examine at length the
comparative merits of the tariff acts of 1842 and
1846- I will confine myself to a brief review of
the facts, arguments, and general positions of the
late report of the Secretary of the Treasury. This
discussion, under the rules of the House, will be
in order.
I had intended, if the House had gone into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of icsuming the consideration
of the President's message, to have submitted
these remarks on the question of its reference. I
would have advocated, and will vote for, the refer-
ence of so much of the message as relates to the
finances of the country, to the Committee of Ways
and Means. To that committee the consideration
of this subject appropriately belongs. I do not
doubt the competency and ability of the Commit-
tee on Manufactures to give to the subject the con-
sideration its importance demands; nordoldoubt,
that on the question of protection, in connection
with or separated from the finances of tiie country,
they arc a,s reliable as any of the committees of
this" House. My objection to the reference of this
portion of the message to the Committee on Man-
ufactures, as proposed by the gentleman from Is*ew
York, [Mr. Ramsey,] is this, that the subject of
finance, however intimately connected with the
question of protection, is made, by the rules a .d
practice of the House, the appropriate business
of the Committee of Ways and Means. The
settled policy of the country seems now to be, to
combine the principles of revenue and protec-
tion, and they cannot with propriety be separated.
Whether we regard protection as the pfincifml or
the incident in a system of revenue, the Committee
of Ways and Means is the more appropriate com-
mittee for the consideration of that question. A
