1848.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
isr
30th Cong 2d Sess.' Preservation of Life and Property from Shipwreck—Mr, Newell.
Ho. of Reps.
PRESERVATION OF LIFE AND PROPERTY FROM
SHIPWRECK.
REMARKS OF MR. NEWELL,
OP NEW JERSEY,
In the House of Representatives,
February 17, 1849,
On a proposition to make an appropriation for the
better preservation of life and property from
shipwreck alon^; the coast of New Jersey, be-
tween Little Egg Harbor and Cape May, at
Barnegat Inlet, and also along the Atlantic coast
of Long Island. ^
• The Kause having resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Onion, on the Mexican treaty
appropriation bill—
Mr. NEWELL said:
During the short period allotted to rne by the
yules of this House, I shall make a few remarks
upon a subiect widely differing from that now
legitimately before the committee. In doing so,
however, I shall but conform to a well-established
usage of this body.
Some weeks since I had the honor to introduce
sundry resolutions directing the Committee on
Oommerce to inquire into the expediency of ma-
king an appropriation to provide means for the
better preservation oflife and property from ship-
wreck alons: the coast of New Jersey, between
Little Egg Harbor and Cape May, as well as along
• the Atlantic coast of Long Island, and also to in-
quire into, the expediency of providing buoys at
Barnegat Inlet, and at the mouth of Tom's river,
in New Jersey.
•I ask the indulgence of the co/fimittee to some
remarks on these resolutions, which shall be as
brief as the occasion will admit, in explanation of
the purpose which is to he accomplished by the
proposed appropriations. Indeed, were I not deeply
impressed wjth the importance of these measures,
I should not venture to occupy the time of the
House now proportionately increasing in value as
we approach the termination of the session, but
choose rather to continue to be a silent observer of
its proceedings.
In the first place, it will be seen that it is designed
to protect an extent of coast equal to two hundred
miles, which, added to the portion already in pro-
cess of protection, being the shore portion of my
own district, will make a continuous range of coast,
embracing altogether, a line of two hundred and
seventy-five miles, and all this extent of seashore—
should the object commend itself as favorably to
the House on the present as upon a former occa-'
sion—will be furnished with safeguards to life and
property upon the ocean, at an expense, in the
aggregate, far below the cost of many a single
light-house.
It is difficult to present, in detail, the facts which
make a measure of this kind desirable and expedi-
ent. Even were all those present acquainted, to
some extent, with the dangers attending navigation,
and had each one a map before him by which to
follow out the result of my inquiries, with respect
to bars, inlets, shoals, &c., the process would be
tedious and uninviting. I shall content myself,
therefore, with some general reasoning, which all
who are kind enough to give me attention will
readily comprehend. „
Ey calling to mind the features of the coasts of
Long Island and New Jersey, or referring to them
as exhibited in one of the maps of the coast survey
report of this session, it will be seen that these
shoies make the two sides of an entering angle,
meeting at the great city of New York.
Upon the magnitude and importance of the com-
merce which centers in New York, it is needless to
dilate. Every one knows that one-third, or nearly
this proportion, of our re-venue, is collected at this
point. It is obvious then, that the number of ves-
sels liable to be embayed between these two shores,
as compared with other points of danger in our
long line of seacoast, mus^ be vastly dispropor-
tioned. To present the case in other words, and if,
a form more readily appreciated by this money-lov-
ing age—if the whole line of our seaboard be taken
at three thousand miles, and the portion which my
resolutions of the last and present sessions embrace
as three hundred miles, then if our revenue be set
down at $30,000,000, we protect one-third of this
revenue while protecting one-terlth of this coast.
This, however, is a mercenary calculation, which
is not advanced as an argument, except to those—
if such there be—who may object to the proposed
expenditure, as partial and sectional, ratner than
as national in its scope and character.
A glance at a reportsenta few weeks since by the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate—a document which would have
been of infinite value, had it been full and accu-
rate (and hi saying this I do not intend to cast the
slightest censure upon that officer, for his means
of answering the resolution were obviously lim-
ited)—will prove that this observation is borne out
by facts, so far as they can be ascertained. The
report in-question will show upon analysis, that
the destruction of life and property is in this ratio.
Among the cargoes lost within the limits named
in my resolutions, according to this report, there
is one alone set down as valued £t$750,000. Prob-
ably few will examine these statistics with much
scrutiny; but to those who are acquainted with the
circumstances attending one of these disasters re-
coided in the whole array of dumb figures, spread-
ing out in column upon column, page after page,
they disclose an aggregate of Joss and woe which
is truly appalling: "The total number of wrecks
'included in this statement is 585. The number
* of the men engaged in working the vessels is
* ] ,916, passengers 1,969, and of lives lost 477.
* The value of the vessels is estimated at §2,021,176,
i and of the cargoes at $2,501,771, making together
4 the sum of $4,523,176. The amount of insurance
{ paid on these vessels was $1,579,492, and on the
' cargoes $1,221,827, making the total property
6 saved $2,801,319. Thus showing the actual loss
1 to be #1,721,857," and this statement embraces
a period of but one year.
It is not contended that all this loss and^misery
can be averted, but certainly very much of it may,
and in my opinion it is the sacred duty of this
Government to use ail the means which God and
the people have put within its reach to compass
this end. Providence helps those who help them-
selves. The bold and hardy seaman, coming from
a long and weary- cruise, and approaching our
country's coast, has to contend with trials which
call forth ali the physical energies of man, and
which only strong hands and stout hearts can en-
dure, and his courage and hardships .are such as
to commend sympathy and admiration. But even
when confident in the strength of the wood, and
iron, and rope, and canvass, which bear him
through the yawning waters, there are times when
every resource of human skill and courage fail to
gain the mastery over the elements of destruction
racing around him. When, day after day, his
ship has been tossing about in the midst of a fog
which scarcely enables him to see from the wheel
to the bowsprit, or in the midst of a blinding snow,
with the decks and rigging covered with sleet and
ice, when every wave that dashes over the vessel
adds to the frozen mass, his situation would seem
to be wretched in extreme. Yet these things pro-
duce discomfort without alarm; it is the horrors
! of a lee shore winch the seaman dreads, and these
horrors it is in our power to mitigate. By select-
ing stations along the shore at suitable distances
from each other, and providing at these stations
surf-boats, rockets, lines, and other appliances for
rendering aid in cases of shipwreck, the hazard to
life at least would be greatly diminished; and all
this may be done at an expense so trifling com-
pared with the great object to be attained, that I
persuade myself that the necessary means, will not
be withheld. Each succeeding year witnesses vast
additions to our commerce, and of course in the
same proportion increases the hazards to disaster;
for, notwithstanding the alleged discoveries of the
philosophy of storms, no stretch of human skill
or science will ever enable us to control them.
The appropriation made at the last session of
Congress for the seashore of the district which I
have the honor to represent, is now, as has been
already stated, m process of application, and it j
gives me great pleasure to add, under the super- j
mtendence of a gentleman who evidently under- i
stands the nature of his task, and enters upbn it ;
with all the aidor and spirit which characterizes ■
gentlemen of his piofession. "With the permis- ;
sion of the committee, I will send to the Clerk's ;
desk a letter lately received from this gentleman,
! (Captain Ottinger,) of tile revenue marine service:
i / " New York, January 16, 1849."
Hon. W'. A. Newest,, Member oj Corner ess:
" Dear Sir: I take much pleasure m giving you informa-
tion on the subject of your letter, and although it may appear
• tiiat we have not progressed rapidly, yet we have been con-
j Plant in our efforts to bring the matter to good account, and
; have called to our assistance several of tho most intelligent
: surfmen along the coast, who have selected a boat as a
j by which those provided tor in the appropriation are to be
, constructed- We have selected eight stations on the beach,
• within tne (units embraced in the law, "for the preserve- -
tion of hfe and ptoperty tioiu shipwreck on the coa^t of
. New Jersey," and design to have at each of thorn a fiame
I house of the most substantial kind, to he furnished with a
i galvanized iron surf-bo.it, with ten separate " air-chambers,
! one hundred and eighty fathom* of hawser, three hundred
I and sixty fathoms of hauling line, six hundred yards of
j rocket line, rockets, &cv &c.
« Stoves and fuel wdl also be placed in the buildings, which
will be sufficiently large to shelter persons and gooils. fit
addition to the btirf-boats, I propose to have a " hfe car" at
each station, which is designed to be sent to the stranded
vessel when the wind and sea is too heavy for the host con-
tracted boats to live. I have not vet had the car approved
of by the committee rtfthe Board of Undei writers, by whom
I am advised in these matter.-, hut I have no doubt it will
meet their approbation.
'• 1 am much indebted to Major Henry Wardeli, oneofyour
constituents, for valuable mfonnation on the s-ubject^of my
present duties; and during my recent vir-it to that etty J had
the satisfaction of heating remarks from several intelligent
persons which evidenced that the people, throughout*the
neighborhood weie gratified that the Governments about to
place under their control more efficient means to enable them
to extend their usefulness in saving life and property from
shipwreck.
" I have made som£ experiments in throwing a hue fiorn
tho shore to a vessel with a rocket, which was witnessed hv
Mes<rs. Jones and Snydam, of the committee, and sev- rat
other gentlemen, who accompanied u  in the United Stan s
revenue euiter outside of Sandy Hook, at winch T-firi d sev-
eral rockets with lines attached, and threw out two hundred-
and fifty yards of line, weighing 1.6:2 ounces per yard, with
which we tested the practicability offending: a haw>er from
the beach to a boat oi vessel.
"The rockets used on that ocra-ion we;e imported by ft.
B. Forbes, E-q., of Boston, who i6-the t>\ecunve officer of the
' Massachusetts Humane Society/and is constructing suit-
boats from the appropriation of five thousand dollars given
hv Congress to that society. Captain Forbes informs me
that Colonel Taicott, of the Ordnance, at Washington, has
offered to furnish rockets from tlW insenal at that place for
humane purposes; and from experiments recently made by
the officer m the pvrotechmc depaitment, iti? believed that
he can produce lockets futlv equal to tho-e impoited.
" It is mv intention, as soon as the weather will peinnt,
to make some trials in tin owing a line by menus of a mortar
and shot, and am of the opinion mat wo will alf-o place them
at the cpveial stations. 1 can scarcely answer your inqtmy
respecting the persons to whom the boats aic to be iutiusten ;
but fiom what I learn on that point, my opinion tn.tt
the siirlmon who fir=t ai rives at the hoat-hon?c should have
; the privilege of taking charge oi her foi that occasion, pro-
! tided lie lias the ability to take tiie 4 steering oar;5 and if he
i has not. none of the others will place themselves -under hss
j command.
| " But the geneial charge of both tho houses and the public
j property is to be given to some responsible person who re-
I sides near the station. These persons an- mostly affents for
some of the Insurance Companies, and the «boat\ ciew5
who first boards a stranded ship, is etnploj ed by the under-
writers in preference to any other ; and it f may judge from
the remarks of th^ various persons whom j have met on the
j beach, the boats wsfei he readily ' manned foi 1 am happy
to say, that 1 believe that many persons on the •sen-bore'
of jkmi di-strir-t enter warmly into the feeling? by which you
were actuated m obtaining an appropriation for so noble a
cau-e, &id I am much giahhed to have the honor of being
selct ted as the executive of your views in this ca^e ; and 1
hope lo ha\e everything connected therewith m progress of
construction in a few days. I have conversed with'severnl
intelligent seamen respec ting the need of ?ui (-boats between
Cape May and Egg Harbor, and their opinion* agree with
mine, that it js of much importatue, and boats would he
highly useful on that part of the coa*t.
'•The boats and buildings winch I am supeiintepdmetho
construction of will endure for tuenU vcais at least, and it
is my intention to suggest to the Societal v of the Tiea&urv,
in mv report, that the public interest's might be seised b>
making it the duty of thoconirftander^oi thererem<eera/Mrs
to visit once ip tluee months the persons intrusted with the
care of the surf boat station^, and inquire v. hether anything
ip ne< ded. as \\ oil a=? to inspect, wi*h the keeper, their < on-
dition. and leport to the Secretary. Jf that matter is embraced
in the law of Congress making the appropriation, if will be
likelv to insure the duty being done more elf! dually.
"It will always add to my happiness to give \ on any in-
formation that you may require respecting my duties.
'* i am. ve{ v r«. speerfulJv, jours,
OTTINGEU, Captain U. S R. Marinr.
"T have omitted to mention thai the seacoast of Long
Island is sadlv in need of surf-boats and houses to save and
shelter the shipwrecked, and hope that that unpoitant patt
of our shore will becated for. Yours, J). OTTINGEB."
This letter, Mr. Chairman, furnishes -informa-
tion in detail, of the plan to be pursued in rirryin^
out the intention of Congress, as expressed at the
last session; it only remains to he seen, whether
these measures shall he extended so as to take in
the rest of the New Jersey coast, and the opposite
shore of Long Island. In urging this extension}
