184,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 17,
30th €ong.....2b Sess. Preservation of Life, and Property, from Shipwreck—Mr. Newell.
Ho. of Rei s.
sir, but one motive actuates me; that of advancing'
the claims of humanity—flaims which are alike
dear to us all. Under the appropriation asked for,
no new offices are to be created, no„salaries given;
there are to be no contracts for favSrifes, party is
nowfesre brought in'question; the one sole end and
object is the preservation of life and property, by
placing within the reach of the sentinel upon shore,
the means of affording timely and effectual relief
' to his distressed, brother upon the ocean. The
only objections which can be properly urged to
any expenditure for public purposes, are th"e want
of power in the Constitution,-or the want of money
in, the treasury. As regards the first, the pro-
posed expenditure has already received the sanc-
tion of this Congress, in the case of my own district.
It is biij. carrying out the same system under which
Jight-houses, breakwaters, buoys, and other facili-
ties_ to navigation have been provided from the
earliest organization of our Government ; a sys-
tem which is the dictate of sound governmental
policy, and requires to be extended for like jmrposes
to every part of our common contftry. As to the
second point, it will not be seriously urged in the
ease of so trifling an appropriation, in a time of
profound peace. It may be said, that while the
object is meritorious, the scheme, embraced is
purely philanthropical, and as such should be left
to the care of private association; or that, if New
Jersey-and New York are the points of frequent
shipwrecks with its attendant horrors, these States
should themselves provide the necessary means of
relief. The reply is, that although the coasting
trade will share all the benefits of the proposed re-
lief, it will chiefly protect that foreign commerce-
which is the exclusive care and concern of the na-
tion, and from which we derive nearly our whole
revenue. Assuredly it cannot be maintained that
any exclusive advantages will be enjoyed in the
premises by either of these States. As for my own
State, sir, she does not require pecuniary aid for
herself in any form. Her bonds are not to be found
in any market, at home or abroad,and whoever has
read the last message of her Chief Magistrate will
have observed with pride that not only is New Jer-
sey entirely independent of debt, but that she pos-
sesses a large surplus fund, which, under the wisest
republican p&licy, is set apart for the education of
her children. Nor is she behind her sister States
in other good works. Massachusetts has been re-
garded as the great exemplar of States, in matters
of internal policy, and rightly so; but it was with
pride that I observed from a paragraph in the press
lately, th^t a joint committee of her last Legislature,
appointed to inquire into the subject of insanity,
have made a rsport to the present Legislature, in
which they recommend the construction of an asy-
lum, on the plan of the New Jersey Stale Asylum, j
Several other States, it is said, have also recom-
mended the building of asylums on the plan of
that in my State.
As for New York, she needs as"little to crave
any pecuniary boon; her resources, too, are ample.
Lest it should be thought that I am usurping the
prerogative of some one of the Representatives of
that State in urging the adoption of a measure to
be carried out within her limits, let me say, in self-
justification, that the interest which I took in this
subject upon a former occasion, has been the cause
of my receiving numerous letters soliciting my
agency in the present, and these appeals have come
from different quarters, prompted, however, alike
by the common plea of humanity. Gut, sir, apology
in this respect is superfluous; 1 claim to represent
any and every district in any portion of this Con-
federacy as well asniy own, and to stand here as
a Representative ot the Union. Considering the
numerous forebodings we have had of late, concern-
ing the fate of this glorious Union, a moment's
digression will be pardoned me for my views in
this matter. The remark of my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Ficklin,] who has just taken his seat, that
" the people were never more proud of the Union,
or more determined to stand by it, than at the
present time," is strictly true. Sir, my faith in the
strength of the Union has never wavered for an j
instant. Though feverish and fitful bursts of pas- j
are trpe to the. Union., to their common country;
and if t-hey believed'tlmt the addition of territory to
this Confederacy, in whatever quarter or in what-
ever form, would destroy its equipoise, and end in
disruption, they would say, rather than such a ca-
tastrophe, Let Mexico alone; perish California and
its gold; let it be swallowed by an earthquake, or
covered chin deep with lava, and marked in all
future geograpfiijs as the counterpart of the great
African desert. No, sir, the Union will be pre-
served by this generation, and the utmost stretch
of the power of the few, the very few, now upon
the stage of action, who are indifferent to its fate,
or wish it harm, can effect no -more than impair
its ties and familiarize the idea of its destruction
in the hearts of those who are to come after us.
When a distinguished Senator fiom Kentucky
(GovernorMetcalfe) was asked, a few days since,
what side his State would take in a certain contin-
gency, his reply was noble, and truthful, and was
applicable to every one of the middle States. He
answered that Kentucky would side neither with
the North nor the South; but stretching one hand
to the North and the other to the South, she would
hold T>n to both with an unyielding grasp, and
grapple them together with hooks of steel. Sir,
when this Confederacy-was first established, it was
brought together by sympathy iti a common cause,
and a long and terrible struggle against a common
foe; and for a long time after this, period it may
be said that it was only held together by a written
parchment. But how is it now? Has the Union
acquired no strength? Whatever fears some may
entertain of a central and consolidated government,
they cannot' deny, that so far as the States are con-
cerned, our people have lost much of their indi-
viduality. In framing the Constitution, the words i
" we jhe people" may have been a matter of form, 1
but they are now matter of fact. The evidence of i
this is around us in this very Hall; we see here j
gentlemen whose birth-place was in the extreme
North, representing constituencies in the extreme
South; gentlemen from North Carolina and Indi-
ana who were born in Massachusetts and Virginia.
Do these gentlemen feel or know any difference as
regards the land of their nativity and the land of
their adoption? And suppose that our business
relations, closely interwoven as they are, could be
severed ; that the roads and canals, and the mag-
netic wires, that now link together the extremities
of this Union, could be destroyed in far less time
than it has taken for ait and enteipiise to construct
them: can we as easily, nay, can we at all, blot out
the ties of consanguinity and kindred that now
constitute us one nation? Let political dreamers
and madmen speculate in this matter as they may,
my conviction is firm that tht people will remain
true to themselves, that there can be no disruption
of the Union.
But, sir, I have wandered from my theme—or
rather the subject has insensibly grown upon my
hand; and while considering the welfare of only a
small part of our country, the unbroken grandeur
of the whole has lured me into this digression; but
recent and numerous precedents must be my war-
rant.
There is no coast in the whole world frequented
by commerce, as I am assured by experienced navi-
gators, which is so badly provided with the neces-
sary means of preserving life and property, as are
the shores of Long Island and New Jersey. From
the latter may be excepted the Highlands of Nev-
ersink, and the floating light off the Sandy Hook.
It gives me pleasure, in this connection, to speak
of Captain Bartling, the keeper of this floating
light, as a man whom I have heard highly com-
mended for his unremitting attention to the duties
of his station.
Prom Little Egg Harbor to Cape May, the di-
rection of the coast is southwest ^nd northeast, I
and along the whole coast are snoals running I
nearly parallel with the beach, at a distance from I
it varying from three to live hundred yards, and at I
tne mouths of the numerous inlets are also treach- !
erous bars. j
*"Ehe*r h£re of LonS Islan(3> sir' l>es in a direction ii
of E. N. E. and W. S. V/., and here too are bars
limn. "
sions here, may occasionally indicate the contrary, !| linin°- the coast from the on^'t T —~
,=j si
  ~ """i uiio Jiuuurei
and fifty to two hundred yards distance from tin.
Prom Mauriche's Beach'to Montauk
: shore is bold, the water varying in depth
from three and a half to seven fathoms. These shoals
are the especial dread of mariners; some of them at
times are entirely dry, and at other times covered
with about six feet of water. Vessels driven by
stress of weath er upon fee shores such as these,have
but a narrow chance for preservation, and the disas-
ters which overtake them com^ almost invariably
at that inclement season of the year when the limbs
of the hardy and weather-beaten seaman are stif-
fened with cold, and chilled with the frozen sprays
these sufferings are chiefly visited, too, upon the
inward bound, for those outward bound maychoose
their own auspicious moment for putting out to
sea; but the homeward bound, less fit for peril,
must make land at such time as wind and weather
[ allow. By providing stations at suitable points
] along the shores, with shelter and ready means of i
| warmth and comfort for tlfe shipwrecked seamen,
! the bearing and distance of such stations from the
| various lights will soon come to be known to our
; navigators, and they will s.trive in seasons of dan-
ger to bring their vessels within helping reach of
these hospitable points. The proper p.oints of
danger can be best judged of on the spot by a prac-
tical seaman; but among them my attention has
been specially called to Pelican Beach and Rocisa-
way Inlet; at the letter place there should be pro-
vided two boats, one for. each opposite point of the
inlet, so that, in case of a violent storm, the. boata
may statt fiom either point, and having boarde<2
the stranded vessel, take the benefit of the wind in
returning to shore; having reached the shelter of
the shore, the boats may then be pulled across the
! inlet, and again "speed forth on their errand of
mercy or usefulness. The suggestion of Caplain
Ottinger, (hat it should be made the duty of our
revenue cutters to visit these stations from time to.
time, and report of their condition, and the good
they may be instrumental in rendering, appears to
me to be highly judicious; but I am persuaded,
that although left to the unrestrained care of the
inhabitants of the shore, the property and fixtures
would be regarded as sacredly as those which
adorn our cemeteries.
In reference to my resolution, which relates to an
appropriation to provide buoys at th,e places here-
tofore designated, I will remark, that in my opin-
ion, there are ho points on our whole seaboard
which so much require these conveniences,to navi-
gation. At Barnegat Inlet the channel' is. very
narrow, and bounded on either side by dangerous
shoals which lie at a distance of some hundreds o?
yards from the beach. Very many of o\ir coast-
ing vessels have been wrecked here, whilst attempt-
ing to avoid the dangers of an ocean storm, by
passing through the Irslet into the'bay beyond,
'where a safe harbor would be afforded them.
The channel at the mouth of Toms river is also
very narrow, and during the thick fogs which are
so common at some seasons of the year, vessels
are pievented, for many days together, from get-
ting into the bay in consequence of the danger of
being grounded on the bars which abound there.
At a very small expense, buoys may be fur-
nished, by which these dangers may be almost
entirely averted.
The establishment of these measures of safety
for the forlorn and shipwrecked marintis ought
not to be left to the States, or to charitable associ-
ations. The Government itself, the nation, should
be identified with all such schemes of benevolence^
for by these means more than any others, can best
be preserved the kindliest relations between the
citizen and his country. That mutual dependence^
which, instead of being a mere periodical routine
of statistics and taxation for the purpose of keept
ing up the paraphernalia of government, rises into
something higher and holier, and gives to associ-
ated strength a sanctity far beyond what it can
derive from the most formidable warlike prepara-
tions—a sanctity which makes patriotism some-
thing more than the mere genius loci, and binds
the people to the constituted authorities and insti-
tutions of their land by ties of gratitude and affec-
tion.
A few words upon a kindred subject, and my
remarks will be brought'to a close. In the course .
of some observations which I had the honor to
submit at the last session, I took occasion to com-
ment upon a practice prevailing in other enlight-
ened countries, but entirely disregarded in bur
1 own, viz: the bestowal of medals by the head of
