1849,]
APPENDIX T@ THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBB,
m
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Shwery injhe New Territories—Mr. McClelland.
Ho. of Reps.
the Government upon such citizens or foreigners
as have performed some conspicuous good act, re-
flecting honor upon themselves and their country.
Congress has frequently voted such rewards, but
chiefly for military valor. There are examples of
heroism in peace as well-as war, but it would be
impracticable, to Jjring their details, for the purpose
of honorable-testimonial, before a large legislative
body, and power ought therefore to be vested in
the President to discharge this grateful duty. An
honorable member from Maine [Mr. Clapp] has
anticipated me in introducing a resolution for this
purpose, which it is sincerely to be hoped will be
passed at the present-session. This may seem to
some to be a trivial matter, but, for one, I cannot
so regard it.
" The love of praise, howe'er concealed by ait,
Reigns moie or less, and glows m every heart.55
Our Constitution wisely guards against.patents
of nobility and hereditary distinctions, but we may
well afford to award praise and honor -to him who
■ is the artificer of his own fame, and we can thus
secure the good which arises from honorable emu-
lation. A gold medal received at the hands of the
President of the United States, as a testimonial of
national gratitude, would be regarded by the re-
cipient, whatever his station in life, as the proudest
heirloom {or his posterity; its possession could
excite no jealousy, for it is a homage to virtue
alone, and the glow of patriotism which it would
kindle, coming from no borrowed or transmitted
light, would be pure and holy.
If to aid philanthropy and encourage benevo-
lence be among the objects of a good government,
the measures which I have endeavored to set forth
will assuredly commend themselves to the favor-
able consideration of members, and with this con-
viction I cheerfully leave the subject in their hands.
SLAVERY IN THE NEW TERRITORIES,
SPEECH OF MR. McCLELLAND,
OP MICHIGAN.
In the Hoose op Representatives,
February 17, 1849.
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Cabell,-of FloHda, in the Chair,)
on the Bill to cany into effect the Treaty of
Peace with Mexico.
Mr. McCLELLAND said:
Mr. Chairman: We are called upon daily to"
take into consideration the necessity of giving some
kind of government to California and New Mex-
ico, by those who desire to emigrate there—by the
applications of the inhabitants of both Territories
—by the want of law and order, and the terror that
reigns in the gold regions—and by considerations
constantly pressed upon us by the friends of the
present and the incoming Administration; and there
is, therefore, no subject which, in my judgment,
so strongly commends itself to our attention.
Members are impressing upon us the idea, that
the times, the circumstances surrounding this
question, and the excited feeling pervading a large
portion of the people, require conciliation, conces-
sion, compromise. When no sacrifice of principle
is necessary, it is always best to adopt this course.
Under ordinary circumstances, its results are gen-
erally salutary, as it softens those^ asperities of
feeling which otherwise arise. But it would have
been advisable to have pursued this method of dis-
posing of the vexed question, when the annexation
of Texas, which is the foundation of all this diffi-
culty, was in contemplation. Some of the strongest
and most distinguished men of the North were
opposed to the connection in any form. Others
took ground against it, as extending the area of
slave territory, and a few were so hostile to it as_
to solemnly declare it would, per se, be a dissolution
of the Union. In this state of things was any
spirit of conciliation, concession, or compromise,
manifested ? Was any regard paid to the demands
of the North ? When the argument was used, that
unless it was united to our Union, it would fall
under the control of Great Britain by commercial
treaty or otherwise, and consequently it would be-
come free, and we replied, that as slavery existed
in a portion of it, we were willing to divide it into
free and slave StateS) secure its annexation, and
thus settle forever this agitating question,—we
were pot listened to, but entirely disregarded.
The Missouri compromise line, (36° 30',) which
several gentlemen have claimed as a concession to
gratify.and satisfy the North, was not placed there
by northern men; and the only conceivable object
had in view at the time, judging from the manner
in which it is interpolated, was to make the reso-
lutions more palatable to some members, and to
give others a plausible pretext to vote for them.
At one time, we believed we had enough of mem-
bers to have dictated our own terms; but during
the discussion, by some mysterious influence
which we could not comprehend, many of our
men were induced to give way, and finally we
were overcome.
The House resolutions for the annexation con-
templated the erection of the Republic of Texas
into a State, in-.order that it might be admitted,
upon certain conditions, as one of the States of the
Union. When they reached the Senate, insur-
mountable obstacles were interposed to their pas-
sage, and an important struggle took place. The
tone of the advocates of the House resolutions,
after some discussion, began to moderate; and at
last the amendatory Senate resolutions were at-
tached to those of the House. They authorized
the Presideny.0 negotiate with Texas, that a State
might be formed out of the Republic of Texas,
with suitable extent and boundaries, and admitted
into the Union; and the cession of the remaining
Texian territory to the United States was to be
agreed upon by the Governments of Texas and
the United States. The understanding of those
who had opposed the House resolutions and ad-
vocated the Senate amendment, was, that the latter
should be the basis of action on the part of the
Executive; and if such had not been their honest
conviction, I have no doubt they never could have
passed the Senate. At the time, it was considered
a compromise; and all here who were then mem-
bers will recollect, that immediately thereafter,
union and harmony were restored to the Demo-
! cratic party. But we were destined to disappoint-
1 ment. A few short days elapsed, and what?had
been whispered about privately in the social circle
was made public, and we were informed semi-
officially that the House resolutions had been for-
warded to Texas, and that the Senate amendment
was suppressed. Nothing could have surprised or
astonished us more; but the matter was beyond
our control, and we weie compelled quietly to sub-
mit. If our understanding had been carried out,
in my opinion the union of Texas to the United
States could have been consummated without war.
Negotiations might have been opened with it and
Mexico, and would, with proper management,
have been ^speedily brought to a favorable and
peaceful termination. The step taken by the then
Executive was the germ of much of the excited
feeling prevailing in the North, and which so often
bursts forth m this Hall. What was the cause of
pressing annexation under the House resolutions
with such hot haste, if not to sustain, extend, and
perpetuate slavery? If the Executive had taken
the Senate resolutions, it would at least have given
a prospect to the North of obtaining, at some fu-
ture time," a portion of the territory; but by the
mode of operation adopted, every hone was ex-
tinguished.
What was the argument used by many of the
southern members ? Why, that the permanent in-
terests and proper balances of the General Govern-
ment absolutely required that the South should
have the preponderance of power in the Senate,
as the' North, by its greater increase of popula-
tion, would always possess it in the other House.
In other words, it was deemed necessary to give to
the South the control of all appointments, treaties,
and an equal share in the passing of all laws, and
thus perpetuate their power. This was the object,
and thus far it has been accomplished.
Look for a moment at that provision- of the House
resolutions which covers the Missouri compromise.
The language excludes slavery and involuntary
servitude north of 36° 30'; but suppose States are
never formed north of this latitude, or Texas proper
never consents to it, (Texas having,~by the reso-
lutions, the whole power of control over the sub-
ject,-) of what avail is the restriction ? And of what
force or effect is such prohibition 6n a sovereign
State? And, in the mean time, what stipulation
with Texas prevents the introduction of slavery
into this territory? None whatever.
I would here call the attention of those who con-,
tend that we have no constitutional power to in}-,
pose such restriction upon a territory, to the fact:
of their having thenasevles in this case imposed s,
restriction on a sovereign State, which presents a
different and much graver question
Mr. Chairman, in our action upon this question
of slavery as connected with these Territories, We
should take into consideration two things—the
prosperity .and happiness of the Territories, and'
the good of the whole Union. ' These considera-
tions induce all northern men to opfiose the exten-
sion of slave teiritory. We believe slavery to be an,
evil, which retards the progress and advancement of
a State. _ It is the only way in which we can satis-
factorily account for the great disparity between
northern and southern States in wealth, population,
and prosperity. Theclimate,thesoil,thegeograph-
ical position, and the staple commodities of th®
South, are far superior to those of the northern
States; and yet it must be conceded, that since the
organization of our Government, the South has,
comparatively speaking, deteriorated in all the. *
elements of greatness. The emigrant from the
! States of Europe or our own country seldom finds
! a home in the slave States, but almost invariably
r seeks it in the free States of the West. The lands
: of the South are as cheap, as productive, and the
! country as healthy, and yet they are purchased
] slowly. Around the capital, in the contiguous.
| States, are locations the most eligible in every point
I of view; but they remain unsold: and why ? Be-
! cause of this blighting institution.
I If weadopt, Mr. Chairman, the sentiment of the
1 President in his last annual message, that " equal
! regard for the rights of all, and of all sections of
| the Union, ought to prevail," these Territories.
1 must remain free. In this connection I have &
; remark to make, in reply to the gentleman from
1 Alabama, who lauded Virginia so highly for patri-
| otic ally relinquishing her claim to the Northwes.t
{ Territory. That State has laurels-enough to boast
j of, without endeavoring to claim that to which she
1 has no title. This merit has been awarded her
I without, in my opinion, an examination of the
j history of that Territory. The best reasons for
• its surrender by the several States are found in the
1 instructions of the General Assembly of Mary-
ii land to their delegates in Congress in 1789, t'rorti
Ij which I beg leave to quote a paragraph. They
i! say: " We are convinced policy and justice require
ji 'that a country unsettled at the commencement
' of this war, claimed by the British Crown, and
' ceded to it by the treaty of Paris, if wrested from
' the common enemy by the blood and treas.ure o£
'the thirteen States, -should be-considered as a
1 common property, subject to be parceled out by.
' Congress into free, convenient, and independent
' governments, in such njanner and at such times.
' as the wisdom of that assembly shall hereafter
' direct." Every one who will take the trouble to
investigate the facts will be convinced of the accur
racy of these.- statements, and it is just that the.
truth of history in regard to this matter should be
vindicated. And it is well understood that if it
had not been for the firm and decided stand taken
by John Adams in negotiating the treaty of peace
with Great Britain, the Ohio river would have
constituted the boundary between the United States
and the British Provinces. The Noithwestern
Territory was part and parcel of our original terri-
tory, and slavery was excluded from it before the
adoption of the Constitution, and at the instance
and by the votes of southern members of Con-
gress, They then considered slavery an evil; and-
ff you will look into the proceedings of the Con-
vention that framed our Constitution, you cannot
avoid the conclusion, that they esteemed it a mere
temporary institution.
Throw out of the calculation this Territory,
and you will find the estimate of the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Smart] correct. You have the
fertile, productive, and desirable regions of Lou-
isiana and Texas, as well as the two Floridas, to
counterbalance Oregon, the northern portion of the
Louisiana Territory, California, and New Mexi-
co—the greatest part of which is uninhabitable,
and a large portion of that which is improvable is
occupied by tribes 'of Indians. Previous to the
annexation of Texas, the North and South were
