136
APPENDIX TO TH£ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
[Feb. 17,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Slavery in the j$ew Territories—Mr. McClelland.
Ho. of Reps.
content, and there was no strife about Oregon,
which was by all looked upon as properly free
territory. Then the admission of Texas came, and
with it all our troubles' and perplexities. The an-
nexation was the cause of the war, because Mex-
ico did not contend for that which lay between the
Nueces and the Rio Grande, nor for any other part
of Texas, but infill her pronunciamentos claimed
the entirety, and marshaled her forces with a view
of reconquering it. For it we entered the contest,
and brought into requisition all our powers; and
it is the sheerest folly to deny it. Well, we suc-
ceeded; and for the money expended, and the sac-
rifice of our citizens, we have obtained the recog-
nition by Mexico of Texas, as an integral part of
the Federal Union, and also New Mexico and
California. You would not exchange the jirst for
the two last; and, although the population of the
free States is far greater than that of the slave
States, yet you are not satisfied, but are giasping
for more, and threaten to dissolve the Union if you
do not obtain it. But this threat has been made
"so often, that even for northern men it has no
terror; we are accustomed to it; and although for-
merly we were oftimes frightened from our pro-
priety by it, we have ceased to be longer alarmed.
It would amuse one of our plain, unsophisticated
constituents to look in upon our proceedings here,
after reading the journals of the day giving de-
scriptions of the great excitement prevailing in
these halls, and the danger of a dissolution of the
Union, to find us calm as a summer's morn, itnd
talking and chatting with each other as if nothing
of importance had occurred or was occurring.
Many of them do not understand these things;
still, our people are becoming daily more enlight-
ened in regard to them.
It is astonishing that the South should com-
plain, when, as to the Presidents, Speakers, heads
of departments, judges of the Supreme Court, offi-
cers of the army and navy, down to the clerks in
the different bureaus, it has always had the lion's
share. The Government, whether Whig or Dem-
ocratic, has been, from its organization to the
present period, under its guidance and control;
and what more do you want?
Mr. Chairman, 1 do not intend to discuss the
constitutionality of our right to prohibit slavery in
these Territories. That is a trite subject, and there
are others who will give it their attention. I cheer-
fully agree with the Southern Address as to States—
that slavery is a domestic institution; that it be-
longs to the States, each for itself, to decide whether
it shall be established or not; and if it be estab-
lished, whether it should be abolished or not. Thus
far I can go with it, but no further. We plant our-
selves in regaid to territory on the precedents, from
the formation of the Constitution to trie signing of
the Oregon bill by the present Executive; on'the
decisions of the Supreme Court, where the question
has incidentally been decided; and upon the Mis-
souri compromise itself. When the Oregon bill
"was before this House in 1845, and previous to this
slavery question being mooted, on its passage,
containing the principle of the ordinance of 1787,
some fifty-one southern members voted for it, and
only twenty-tour against it. This is an evidence
that then they did not contest its constitutionality,
nor does the President question it in his message
assigning his reasons for approving the bill organ- !
izin^ a territorial government in Oiegon. Will you -
ascribe this to your desire not to interfere with the |
Missouri compromise ? Remember that you have \
for the last two sessions abandoned that, unless we
w-ould consent to its introduction into New Mexico
and California. Do you say that you can compro-
mise this great question without compromising the, ■
Constitution? or that the acquiescence of the peo- I
pte in the Missouri compromise has made this line '
part and parcel of it? If so, with how much greater j
propriety can we point you to the precedents, 1
which show the uniform practice of Congress, and 1
which have, until Recently, never been questioned, i
but always acquiesced in and appioved bv the I
whole people. But why has the ordinance of'1787
become so odious r A few short years have elapsed i
since there was a great contest between the North ;l
and South as to its paternity—each claimed it as a ,!j
jewel worthy of preservation. And why does it ,
meet opposition from western men, whose terrjr .'
tones have grown up into mighty States under its |<
benign influence.' They see the beneficial effects i!
of the institutions reared under it. They know
their people revere it, and have a respect for its
| provisions that will never cease; and yet they de-
nounce it. A short time ago, when the attempt
was made to attach it to the two million bill, and
Senator Davis, by an unfortunate speech, prevented
action upon it, he was attacked by many of the
advocates of the bill, and denounced in the most
unmeasured terms; but afterwards it was charac-
terized as a mere abstraction. It was said, when it
became a practical question, they were ready and
willing to vote for the proviso; but most unfortu-
nately when that time arrives, we find these gen-
tlemen deserting us. Its history is certainly a
curious one. .
The ordinance of 1787 regulated the descent
and conveyance of real estate, and the transfer of
personal property. The laws passed by the gov-
ernor and judges, and the legislative assembly,
; were subject, upon the disapproval of Congress,
j to become null and void. The qualifications of the
[ legislators were prescribed. A bill of rights, such
as is ingrafted upon most of our State constitu-
tions, was incorporated into it, and in its scope
many municipal regulations, of great value and
importance to a State, were embraced; and this
was done by a Congress in which were many of
theframers of the Constitution, and, by which it
-was afterwards sanctioned; and yet we are gravely
i told we have no constitutional power to make such
5 rules.
j Sir, Congress has not confined itself, in reg-
ulating this institution, to the free Territories, but
} has extended it to the slave Territories. By the
seventh section of the act organizing the Territory
of Mississippi, passed in 1798, the importation of
slaves into the Territory, from anyplace without
the Union, was prohibited under severe penalties.
In 1804, the power was exercised, and, so far as
we can ascertain, without any opposition, in the
Territory of Orleans.
If, Mr. Chairman, we have no right to form ter-
ritorial governments, where is our authority to
designate the time for the organization of a State
government, to determine its size, prescribe its
boundaries, and fix upon the requisite population ?
In what article or clause of the Constitution do
you find, for such purpose, any power, which is
not compatible with our views in regard to territo-
rial governments?
But it is said, why will you thrust these ques-
tions into discussion upon territorial bills, which
excite and exasperate our southern friends, when
it is admitted that when these Territories become
States, they can adopt the institution? I ask, if |
ever the people of a free Territory did so? and is
there a man here that has the remotest idea it ever
will be done? Let the Territory be free until a
State constitution is formed, and the danger is for-
ever at an end.
Many who are opposed to slavery, and consider
it a great evil, say the territory is free and must
remain so: why, therefore, consume time in legis-
: lating about it? In reply, I would refer them to its
|l unlawful introduction into Texas, where it was
1 positively prohibited by the fundamental law of
' Mexico. And 1 would direct their attention to the
Territory of Indiana, over which the principles of
I the ordinance of 1787 prevailed; and yet slaves
were carried there: a suspension of the ordinance
; as to slavery was prayed for, and a severe contest '
carried on between those for and against slavery,
which fortunately resulted in favor of the latter. I
\ would ask them a|so to look at the small number
. of slaveholders in some of the States in comparison
| with the non-slaveholders, and tell me why slavery J
■ i.s not abolished there? There is a mysterious and !
I at the same time an all-powerful influence in this 1
! institution that is incomprehensible. :
' Another argument used is, that slaves cannot be ,
taken there. How were they tnken to Oregon .'and ,
j why did we exclude it from its borders? Can any )
' other reason be assigned than that we were fearful
it would find its way into that region > The means :
of transportation are now g-ieater to California and •
far greater to New Mexico; and it is stated, on ■!
what is considered reliable authority, that some '!
are at this time being taken into these Territories, '
Again: it is alleged that slave labor will not be '
profitable in those regions, and therefore self- ;!
interest will preclude its introduction. But this i!
assertion is denied" by every intelligent traveler II
who has given a description of them. Mr.-Fre-
mont says: "The inhabitants of corresponding
' latitudes on the Atlantic side of this continent can
' with difficulty conceive of the soft air and south-
' ern productions under the same latitudes in the
' maritime region of Upper California." By a
glance at the map, you will perceive that Mary-
land, Virginia, North Carolina, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, Missouri, and Arkansas, all slave States,
are almost entirely in the same latitudes. If slave
labor is profitable in these States, why not in Cali-
fornia Would slaveholders be so solicitous to
take slaves there, were they convinced that they
would suffer by it? Or would they incur so great
expense as attends the removal of their slaves, if
they believed there was the least risk in it? They
know that slaves, properly managed and con-
trolled, are profitable, and therefore they would
transport them either for their ofcn use'or for the
market.
Another scheme was proposed at the last ses-
sion of Congress for the disposition of this ques-
tion. In the Senate a bill was passed, commonly
called the compromise bill, providing for the sub-
mission of the slavery question to the decision of
the Supreme Court of the United'States; and, in
the mean time, prohibiting the people of the terri-
tories from interfering with it. This compromise
was, as usual, all on one side. It was an ingeni-
ously-devised plan to entrap northern men; but it
did not ensnare enough of thern to make it a law.
The strong probability is, that no slave would ever
have been able to take his-case up to the Supreme
I Court; and if he had been, it would not, under ordin-
ary circumstances, have been decided m less than
five years. It is seldom that any constitutional ques-
tion is sooner disposed of; and, in the~ mean time,
the transition from colonial vassalage to that of a
State government might have taken place, and the
decision would have been of no practical import-
ance. And how, Mr. Chairman, could those gen-
tlemen, who have strenuously contended for the
right of the people of these territories to decide
this question for themselves, and in their own way,
reconcile their votes for this bill with that principle,
when the bill expressly deprived the people of all
power over it? There is another strange incon-
sistency in their conduct. If they were at all con-
versant with the delays in the Supreme Court, they
must have known that this question would not
have been definitively settled there for many years.
In the mean time slaves might have been taken
into these territories with'impunity by the master.
But it was said by some, that this part of the bill
precluding the people from deciding this question,
was rendered necessary by the character of the pop-
ulation then there, and the emigration that would
probably go there; and yet now these men are for
dispensing entirely with a provisional or territorial
government, and m favor of erecting a State gov-
ernment in a few short months. But I ask north-
I ern gentlemen, why risk a question of such mag-
j nitude and vital concern to the northern States to
j any such tribunal, when we can settle it here,and
upon the most equitable principles acquire the
whole of it for the free ars^l independent Jaboreis
of the North? Its submission to the decision of
the Supreme Court would have increased the agita-
tion and excitement, and may have shaken the
confidence of the people in the court itself.
Gentlemen contend that these territories are held
by us as a trust. For whom? This doctrine
amounts virtually to this: that the United States
goes to war, expends the money, means, and life-
blood of her citizens, and eventually, by treaty or
conquest, acquires territory; the moment it is ac-
quired it belongs to those who inhabited it; or, if
there are no occupants, then to the first adventu-
rers; and we cannot control it, nor for any time
mould us institutions, or frame any of its muni-
cipal regulations. Such a principle cannot be sus-
tained. The only obligation to the people of these
territories that is bindingupon Congress is found
in the treaty and the Constitution. By the treaty
we have guarantied that the Mexicans becoming
citizens shall be incorporated into the Union, and
admitted at the proper time (to be judged of by
Congress) to the enjoyment of all the rights of
other of our citizens according to the principles of
the Constitution; and, in the mean time, they are
to be maintained and protected in the free enjoy-
ment of their liberty and property, and secured in
