1849.]
APJPEHDIX TO THE CQNGREffgipSAjL. 6Jb0BE.
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Restriction of Slavery.—Mr. Wilmot.
m
Ho..a* IIezs.
nation ; its victims are reared up among, the people of this
country, educated in the precept* of the same religion, and
imbued with similar domestic attachments/'
" We ace awarp of the difficulties that would attend any
attempt to relieve us from these grievances by a sudden
emancipation of the slaves in this District, and we would,
therefore, be far from recommending so rash a measure.
But the'course pursued by many of the States <?f this Con-
federacy, that have happily succeeded in relieving them-
selves from a similar burden, together with the "bright exam-
ple which has been set us bythe South American republics,
proves most conclusively that a course of gradual emanci-
pation, to commence at some fixed period, and to take effect
only upon those who may hereafter ho born or removed into
the District, mijjht be pursued without detriment to the
present proprietors, and would greatly redound to the pros-
perity and honor of our country.
"The existence among us of a distinct class of people,
who, by their condition as slave*, are deprived of almost
every incentive to virtue and industry, and shut out from
many of the sources of light and knowledge, has an evident
tendency to corrupt the moialsofthe people, and to damp
the spnit of enterprise, by accustoming the rising generation
to look with contempt upon honest labor, and to depend for
support too much upon the labor of others, ft prevents a
useful and industrious class of people from settling among
us, by rendering the means of subsistence more precarious
to the laboring clasi of whiles.
te It diminishes the resources of the community by throw-
ing the earnings of the poor into the coffers of the rich, thus
rendering the former dependent, servile, and improvident,
while the bitter are tempted to become in the same propor-
tion luxurious and piodigal.
"That these disasttou-i results flow from the existence of
slavery among us is sufficiently conspicuous, when we con-
trast the languishing condition of this District and the sur-
rounding country with the prospeniv of those parts of the
Union which are less favored in point of cjunate and loca-
tion, but blessed withafreeand industrious population."
Here you jiave the spontaneous and unrestrained
feelings of southern men, and they are so much
more strongly and forcibly expressed, that they
must have escaped the recollection of even some of
our, northern friends, when they were reproaching
us for our votes.
Sir, I have given many votes on this question
since my entrance into this body, and on reviewing
them carefully, J regret none of them, and have no
apology to offer for them. I have been true to my
constituents, and when I retu.rn to them the trust
confided to me it shall be untarnished. Unlike the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brown,] 1
shajl. carry with me in my, retirement the cheering
consolation that I have ever advocated the right of
petition, and always opposed the, extension of
slavery.
RESTRICTION OF SLAVERY".
„ REMARKS OF MR. WILMOT,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
In the Housis of Representatives,
February 17, 1849.
.The bill appropriating for the execution in part of the
Mexican Treaty, being under consideration—
Mr. WILMOT requested that his friend from
  Michigan* [Mr. McClelland] would yield the
floor, to enable him to make a brief statement,
which he felt was called for from him at this time.
The request being granted, upon condition that a
few moments only should be occupied—
Mr. WILMOT proceeded to say:
That while listening to an interesting debate in
the Senate, he had been informed that a gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] in, the couise of
his remarks to this committee, had referred to him,
in connection with, certain expressions or declara-
tions of the President of the United States. He
regretted that the gentleman from Georgia had
made any reference or allusion to the subject what- j
ever, because he was satisfied that no good could j
result from it. He had had no conversation with I
the gentleman from Georgia duiing the present ses- j
sion. He was not aware that a word had passed j
between them, and therefore there could have been i
no concert in giving publicity to the matter about I
which he desired to speak. . !
Duiing the second session of the preceding Con- I
gt'ess, I had a conversation with the President upon j
the subject of the proviso which I had offered at ^
the previous session, m connection with an appro- ;
pt'iation which he desired should be made to enable |
him to conclude a peace with Mexico. It was !
previous to the introduction of the three million
will, but in anticipation of such a measure, which
. he was extremely anxious should pass. The Pres-
ident either sent for me, or I had called upon him,
anji h^ expressed, a desire that I should call again,
naming the time, when he could have an opportu-
nity of conversing with me without interruption.
I called in pursuance of his request—it was in the
evening. The President said that the proviso was
giving him great trouble and embarrassment, and
if insisted upon as an amendment to an appropria-
tion bill, would present a serious obstacle in the
way of consummating a peace. He said that he
had no doubt of his ability to negotiate an early
peace, and named a day not distant, within which
j he could bring about such a result, provided he
j could obtain from Congress the necessary money
i appropriation, Unrestricted andunclogged with any
I conditions. 1 presumed to question the efficacy of
! such an appropriation inbringingaboutsodesirable
a result; and expressed my apprehension, that an
appropriation of the"character he desired, would ex-
cite the jeaioysy of the Mexican people, and cause
them to distrust the integrity of their own rulers.
He answered me very properly, by saying that he
was., much better informed as to the state of affairs
in Mexico than I possibly could be; spokeof having
confidential agents in Mexico, who kept him fully
informed,as to the movements and temper of the
Government there. I assured the President that I
had no wish to embarrass his Administration in any
respect, much less in a mattei so important as the
making of an early peace*, that so far as I was
concerned, I would be just as well satisfied with
the expression of Congress, in any other form, as
with the proviso j that all I desired was, to obtain
the expression of Congress, in an authoritative and
legislative form, to the effect that slavery should
forever be excluded from all territory that we might
acquire from Mexico; and I doubted not that such
was the feeling of others who had favored the
movement. I suggested, ir. the course of the con-
versation, the introduction of a joint resolution
declaring this principle, and said that I should be
satisfied with it in that form. The President said,
substantially, and I think almost literally, " Mr.
Wilmot, bring it forward in that form; I assure
you such a declaration would not be unpopular in
Mississippi.'5 I noted particularly that he did not
name his own State, but supposed, and made no
doubt but such was his intention, that he pur-
posely presented an example in which the slave
interest was stronger than in Tennessee. He
further said, "that he had been brought up sur-
rounded with this institution, (slavery;) that all
his habits and associations were connected with it;
but," said he, and with a good deal of earnestness
of manner, " I do not desire to see it.extended one
foot beyond its present limits; that he was con-
scious that it could not be done without endanger-
ing the peace and safety of the Union.,J
On my return to my lodgings, Idraughted a reso-
lution in -accordance with the suggestion I had
made; but, upon consultation with friends of more
legislative experience than myself, (never before
having been a member of a legislative body,) I be-
came fuljy satisfied, that any attempt to get through
Congress such a resolution would be idle, and there-
fore abandoned it.
I informed the gentleman from South Carolina,
immediately in front of me, [Mr. Woodward,] of
this conversation a few days after it occurred. He
spoke of it as a matter of interest and importance
to his constituents, and asked me if I had any ob-
jections to its being made public. I understood
him to wish in some way to make public the dec-
laration of the President to me respecting the ex-
tension of slavery. I expressed a wish that it
should not be made public—noMiiat the conversa-
tion was confidential, further than the nature of it,
and the circumstances attending it, would imply
confidence—but I did not wish that my conversa-
tion with the President should be made the topic
of public discussion, either here or through the
press of the country.
Some time during the last session of Congress,
in conversation with the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] or with others in his presence,
I n&rrated substantially what I have here said.
The gentleman has thought proper to refer to it on
this iloor. I repeat my regret that he has done so,
bccause I cs/i see no possible good that can result
from it; but in so far as any responsibility may
attach to me in this matter, I have no regrets.
Before God, I have stated substantially the decla-
rations of the President to me, without, however,
entering into all the details of the conversation.
POSTAGE REFORM.
SPEECH OF MR. W. L. GOGGIN, .
OE^ VIRGINIA,
III THE HoESE OF REPRESBNTAiavEa,
February 21, 1849,
In favor of establishing uniform Postal Charges,
and to restrain the Pranking Privilege.
The bill to abolish the Franking Privilege, introduced by
Mr. Dixon, coming up lor consideiation on its engrossment,
and Mr. Ashmun having moved to amend it, Mr, Goggik
asked the Speaker if it would be m order novy to move to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole House on the
state of the Union, with inductions, The 5rEAK?H$ajd
it would. Mr. GoGiiin then made the motion to commit the
bill, with instructions to the committee to report a bill to"
provide fbr a reduction of tlie rates of postage—saying that
his object w^s to substitute a biJl which he had then before
him. '  
The bill is in these words:
A BILL to reduce the rates of postage'on letters and nejvs-
papeis, to establish uniform postal charges, and to restrain
the u^e of the franking privilege.
Be it. enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, Til at
from and after the first day of July next, on all letters de-
posited m any polt ofhee to be earned in the United States
mails, not exceeding half an ounce in weight, there shall be
charged and prepaid the uniform postage of thiee cents, fgr
, all distances within the United Slates, or the Territones
thereof, and for any additional weight or excess, there shall
be charged an additional postage ol three cents lor each half
ounce or for any fraction less than half an ounce; and,
when not prepaid, theie shall be chaiged five cents instead
of three for each half otmefe or fraction less than a half
ounce; and that so much of the fii&t section of the act i't 
rcduce the rates of postage, to limit the u?e and correct the
abuse of the flanking privilege, and for the prevention of
fiauds on the revenues of the lJost Office Department;" ap-
proved the thud of March, eighteen hundred and forty-five,
and all other aets or paits ol acts in conflict with the pro-
visions of tin* act. be, and the same are hereby, repealed-
Sec. 2. Jind be Ufurther enacted, That fiom and alter the
period aforesaid, there shall bp charged ,ind paid on all news-
Tjapeis sent thiough the mails of a greatei size or supeifieiea
than nineteen hundred square inches, including any supple-
ment or extra tu be measured as one paper, the uniform iate *
of one cent on each paper, lor all distances; on al) news-
papers, with such supplement 01 extra as afoiesaid, of any
size over five hundred and less than nineteen hundred
square inches, there shall be charged and paid the uniform
rate ofone-halfcent, for all distances; and on ah newspapers
of a less size than, five bundled equate inches, there shall be
chafed arid paid the uniform rate of one-iouith of a cent,
for all distances, within the United States or the Territories
thereof.
Sec. 3. JInd be Ufxirthcr enacted, That all piinted or htho~
giaphed circulars and hand bill*, or advemsements punted
or lithographed on qnauo post, orswgU cap paper, or paper a
not larger than single cap, loided, directed, and unhealed,
sent trom the office or place of publication, shall be. charged
with postage at the rate of one cent for each sheet and no
more, whatever he the distance the same ma} be sent, and
doable the said rate when the paper shall be laiger than the
size aforesaid, and in all ca«es 10 he prepaid when deposited
m the office to bejorwaided by mail.
Sec. 4. Jind be it fin titer enacted, That all newspapers,
commonly called transient newspapers, not sent from the
office or place of publication, to regular subscriber?, $nd all
punted or lithographed circulars and handbills, or adver-
tisement^, prii)tedtor lithographed, as mentioned in the pie--
cediiig Section, and not sent fiom the office ot place of pub-
lication, shall be charged with postage at the rale of two
cents, for each sheet, whatever be the distance the same may
be sent, to be prepaid in all c«=e& when deposited in any
post office to be conveyed by mail; and all such postages
as are embraced in this and the preceding section, shalfbe
received and accounted fot by po^tm-isters iri the settlunent
of their accounts, as newspaper and not as letter postage.
Sec. 5. Jh\d be it, fwther erweted, That all pamphlet*,
magazines, periodicals, or review®, and even othei kind
ami description ot punted or other matter, except herein-
before provided for, w Inch shall he unoonnecu d with any
rmmusciipt letter or writing, except the direction thereon,
and which it is now or may lie lawful, by future enactments
or regulation^, to tian^mit by mad, shall he charged with
postage at the rate of one cent tor each copj sent to sub-
sctibers, or foi ea(h parcel, of no greater weight than one
ounce; and one-half cent additional shall be eharg<d for ■
each additional ounce after the first, of the weight of any
such punphlet, magazine, periodical, jeview, matter or
thing whifh may be rightfully transmitted through the mail,
whatever may be the distance the same ijmy he sent; ami
any fractional excels, }e«s than half an ounce, thai! bo
charged as if said excess amounted to a full half ounce.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That the Mibs-eribers to
newspaper*, magazine*, periodicals, and teviews, shall pay
in advance for each quarter of the year, the postage on all
such publications, at the office to which the same shall be
sent, as is now provided by law in regard to the postage on
newspapers only: Provided, kowever, That publisheis may
furnish postmasters at the office nearest the place of publi-
cation, quarterly lists of the names of ajl subscribers to whom
their publications are intended to be sent by mail Irom such
office, verifying the correctness thereof by affidavit ntadeon
oath and to be"filed with such postmaster, when u shall be
lawful for such publishers to piepav to him the postage for
each quarter, on all such publications sent through the mail
for the subscribers on sauUisf-. accounting at each quarterly
payment for all new subscribers in the quarter preceding;
