140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Feb. 21,
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Postal Reform—Mr. Goggin.
Ho. of Reps.
and such postmaster shall thereupon be required to discount
thirty per cent, of the postage otherwise chargeable by the
provisions of titijs act in favor of such publishers; but before
they shall be entitled to make such prepaymentso as to have
the benefit of such discount, they shall cause to be inserted
in some conspicuous place in such .publication, with the
sanction of such postmaster, a nonce of such prepayment;
and where such papers are not sent from tne office "nearest
the place of publication, they shall in all c-aso^, be charged
wuh*the regular rates of postage on transient newspapers,
the same to be prepaid. And the commissions to postmas-
ters shall he computed on the sums- actually paid them with-
out regard to the discount authorized by this section in favor
of prepayment by publishers.
Sec.7. Jlndbexl further enacted, That the publishers of
-all pamphlets, magazines, periodicals, or reviews, published
at intervals of not more'than three months, may send copies
in exchange to other publishers of works, either of the same
class or of newspapers within the United States or the Ter-
ritories thereof, free of postage, as is now provided by law
in regard to exchanges between the publishers of news-
papers, under such regulations as the Postmaster General
may adopt. _ „
&ec. 8. jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster ,
General may allow to ali postmasters, in the settlement of j
their quarteilj accounts, a sum, as compensation, including j
commissions, not less in amount than the compensation j
received by them for the last quartef" of the year ending the 1
20th ofJuue, l«4y.
Sfc. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty j
of the Postmaster General, at ail. offices where the receipts
for postage now. amount to ten thousand dollars annually,
to pioYide tor couveviert; letters to The posfc office intended
to be mailed, by establishing suitable and convenient places
of deposit,under proper regulations, for such letters; to em-
ploy carriers to receive them when so deposit^ from such
places, to carry them to the post office free of charge; and
at all such offices it shall also be-his duty to cause lettpis to
be delivered by the same carriers to tile persons to whom
addressed, iftheir places of abode be known, unless other-
wise directed, for which such «aruer shall reenve not less
than two cents for each letter; but for all advertised letters
there shall be an additional charge not exceeding two cents
for the publication thereof m one papei only having the
largest circulation, and published in the city or town where
such post office is situated.
Sec. 10. sind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General, under the provision- ot the eleventh section ot the
act approved March 3d, 1847, entitled "An actio establish
certain post routes, and for other purposes," shall cause to
be prepared po.-taue stamps corresponding with the rates of
postage established by this act, of the denomination of ten
cents, five, three, two, one, one-half, arid one-lourth of a
cent. And if any person shall counterfeitor imitate by any
device any such stamp or stamps, or use any such false pr
counterfeit stamp, in either case, with the view to evade the
payment of postage, he or she so offending shall forfeit and
pay the sum of tlnee bundled dollars, or be imprisoned not
exceeding six months, or be subject to both fine and impris-
onment,according lo the circumstances and aggravations of
tho offence.
- Sec- 11. .And be it further enacted, That the sea postage
charged by the United Stales on foreign mail matter and on
mails sent m whole or in part by sea to the Territories of the
Suited Siates on the Pacific coa*t, shall he of the uniform
tea now estab!ishcd*by a postal arrangement with Great
Brjtatn; and that the Postmaster General,'under the direc-
tion of the President of the United Stales, shall have power
to or hnvei the rates of postage on all foreign mail mat-
ter, whenever the postal arrangements ol any other conritiy,
with winch the United States have no postal treat}, may
seem to render it piopcr to do so immediately, only, how-
ever, when the^two fiouses of Congress shall not be in ses-
sion, and then il shall he the duty of the President, so soon as
Congress shall assemble, to communicate to the two Houses
all tli*1 fact-sand the reasons foi such change.
Sec. 12. */.ind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall cause to he kept at each post office a register
of money-letters, showing the dafeoi mailing, by whom de-
posited, to whom addressed, to what office sent, and the
postage charged or pawl, of all letters or packages contain-
ing money, drafts or checks, serin oi certificates of stock or
Treasury note?, sent fiom such office, or as letteis deposited
to he sent of the character aforesaid, on which there shall
be charged and prepaid double the rates of letter postage as
heretofore dnectud by the provisions of this act 5 and such
postmaster, if requiiod to do so, shad, at the time, give to
the person depositing such letter a certificate statins the
facts of the case: frovidedykowever^ That nothing herein
contained shall be so constrjied as to prevent prisons fiom
sending all such letters at the usual charge* for letter post-
age, when not deposited as such, or stated to be ietteis con-
taining money or oilier-things herein entimeiated ; and
publishers are hereby authorized to send their bills to sub-
scribers, folded in their newspapeis or otbei publications,
free ot any additional charge lor postage.
^ec. 13. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the franking priv-
ilege, as it exists under any Jaw, or n^age, or custom, or as
exercised by an\ pei^on, or any officer ot the United Stat<-
ated the sum of seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
to be paid out of any money in the tieasury not otherwise
appropriated, and to be placed to the ciedit ot the Post Omec
Department in the treasury of the United States, to be ap-
plied, under the direction of the Postmaster General, to
supplying any deficiency in the regular levenues from post-
age m the same manner as the revenues of said department
are now by law applied.
Mr. GOGGIN (after alluding to the great diffi-
culties he had to contend with in getting the bill
properly before the House in^its regular order, of
whieh-he now had no hope it this effort failed, as
the session was near its close) then said:
Mr. Speaker: The bill now under consideration
is one of interest to me, not only from the fact that
I introduced it to the notice'of the House, but it
derives a higher interest from its general character,
from its national importance, from its intimate con-
nection with the business and social relations of
life, and from its direct bearing upon the- happiness,
prosperity, and welfare of the great body of the
peopleof this Union. Not sectional in its character,
it embraces the North as well as the South; from
the East to the West it recognizes no distinction,
but is based upon the idea, that we are one undi-
vided people, aiming to advance the best interests
of a common country, whose union, whose liberal
institutions, whose liberty itself, can only be de-
stroyed by departing in our practice from the sacred
principles which should lie at the foundation of all
legislation. It is pleasing, sirj in these times of
party excitement, in moments when discord itself
takes the place of harmony, and when the better
feelings of our natures are sometimes supplanted,
to be able to turn aside to the contemplation of
some subject of legislation where party is forgot-
ten; where "success can bring no triumph On one
side, and where defeat cah cause 110 mortifica-
tion on the other. To be connected as 1 am with
this particular subject, places me in that position
in this House which 1 anf not at all-unwilling to
occupy—a position aside from all the perplexing
political questions of the day. For, while 1 have
the party attachments which unite me most strong-
ly with my friends on this floor—while I have
political preferences and antipathies—while I do
not profess to be unlike other men, free from the
bias which often misleads our judgment,—yet I do
rejoice when I am permitted to bear a part m legis-
lation on a great question such as this, free from
all suspicion, even, of party preferences and preju-
dices. Such is the subject with which 1 am con-
nected as the organ of one of the committees of
this House, which 1 have had the honor to bring
"to its notice; and if I may be permitted to speak
for myself or of my associates on the committee,
however we may have differed as to the details of
this bill, or any bill connected with this subject,
we have endeavored to meet it, as thisJHouse will,
I trust, in its great national chavacter—its broad,
extended, compiehensive operation—knowing no
party, nor identified with any sectional interest.
It is proper that 1 should remark, Mr. Speaker,
that the original bill, which is printed, was intro-
duced upon my own responsibility, but was framed
in accordance with the views of some of the mem-
bers of the committee, as expiessed at the last ses-
sion. It was introduced, however, before the
committees of the pi esent session were announced,
simply with the view of bringing the subject up
for consideration at as early a period in this session
as possible. 1 had no desire, by the introduction
of this particular bill, to forestall the action of the
committee, or of the House. My aim was to bring
the attention of meftibers to bear at once upon the
subject, and 1 have no pride of paternity whatever
that I am not ready at once to lay aside, freely and
fully, to canvass the merils of any other scheme
that may be presented. So far from having any
prov. ..   ,     _ ,
hereby, repeal, d. riavuieil, hmiecer, Tiiat Hie postage oi all [! have it to pass in the shape it was first introduced,
letters containinc petitions and memorials to ono or both jj jn au respects as it has been printed, lor, as I have
Houses of Congress, when addressed to the members of i. ^
either, at the seat of the General Government, and when u sai^> ^ was thrown out to build upon, and not as
either branch of Congress is in sesoion, or twenty dajs be- j! a finished Structure in itself. I have myself pre-
fore such session commences, shall be paid for out of the jj pared, therefore, a substitute for the whole bill,
conungent fund of that House of which, the person to whom I whlch j pr0pose to introduce.
it is addressed shall be a member or delegate. , ( 1 '
Sec. 14. *tfndbe u further enacted« That for the purpose I® As far as the sense of this House has been as-
of guarding against the possibility of any embarrassment in ; ccrtained—as- far as any expression of opinion by
0ff,ce De/,ahrt,,1(ni< 1; the committee has been had, I thought at one time
Upon any deficiency ot the revenues) of the said department, u -4 • . „ , , j \u ► rr
which may be occasioned by the reduction of the rates ol 1 11 might be safely assumed, that an earnest enort
postage by tins act made, there be, and hereby is, appropii- U would be made at this session to reduce the rates
of postage on letters, newspapers, and other mail-
able matter. In this hope, however, I have been
disappointed; but the country expects it at our
hanus; the people have petitioned for it, and we
had given some earnest on our part, at the last
session, of our purpose to respond to their wishes
in this respect. There is, however, another sub-
ject intimately c<*mected with this, which demands
at orice our consideration. As irr all works of re*
form, it is necessary, I think, in the first place to
look at home, to see if our own household is in
order, and to determine whether or not we should
begin there, or go elsewhere to commence our oper-
ations for the public good. The subject to which
I allude, while it pertains to the members of this
House as a personal, representative privilege, yet,
in some respects, it concerns those also for whom
we are legislating. I refer to the right which we
now exercise of sending>through the mails, tree of
charge, for two yeats and thirty days, whatever
we may write or print, whether it be letters to our
families, letters of business, speeches, or docu-
ments, and to receive all.such from others free for
the same time. This privilege was doubtless given
to members of the two Houses of Congress that
they might be enabled the more freely to commu-
nicate with their constituents and others on matters
of business pertaining to their character as rep'
resentatives of the people; that they might receive
freely and as freely impart any information what-,
ever in which they or the public were concerned, or
which could probably aid in advancing the public
good. But in accomplishing this valuable end, has
it occurred to the members of the House, that for
a period running back to the very origin of the
post office system, this 'privilege of members of
Congress has been a tax upon that department,
which it is now said must sustain itself?—that
while the revenues of the department have, in
some years, been insufficient, and in others barely
enough to support the system, an immense amount
of labor has been performed by the department in
transmitting the public mails, for which it gets not
one cent? And yet some of those for whom thi3
service is gratuitously performed, are ready to de~
nounce ali attempts to lower the rates of postage,
lest the department should, to some extent, become
a charge upon the treasury for a time. Such gen-
tlemen would require it still " to work for noth-
ing and find itself," while they are enjoying the
benefits of its labor, and are reaping the reward of
an approving constituency, who acknowledge the
frequent complimentary notices which they receive
so fieely through the post office, that a speech or a
document, however really valueless, many times
is expected by some persons to be sent, at least as
an evidence that the member has not forgotten
those former recipients of his public favois.-
I shall not dwell at any great length on the in-
conveniences to the department and to the people
by the continuance of the present system. Trie
privilege of franking;, under the law as it now
exists, has been retained, with some restraints and
modifications, in the original bill, out of a proper
deference and respect to the "views of a majority
of the committee, while my own individual wishes
(said Mr. G.) have uniformly been, that we should
surrender the privilege altogether; and in the sub-
stitute it is stricken out. The fact, however, can*
not be concealed, that it has been greatly abused;
| and in saying this, I do not mean to be understood
| as* censuring any particular party in this House;
i but let the odium, if there be any, attach to all
| parties. No more appropriate tune can be had
j than the present for action on this subject. We
j have just passed through an excited contest be-
, tween the two parties m the country, and four
i years must elapse before we shall be called upon
!l to enter another. This privilege of franking has
been, as we all know; freely used during the late
canvass by both parties; and at such a time,neither
perhaps was entirely willing to surrender its ad-
vantages, if, indeed,*it has any. Now, however,
the heat of that contcst lias passed away, and we
may fairly and equally make the sacrifice, if it shall
be consuieied one, looking only to the future per-
manent good of all parties, and to the good of the
whole country. And here I will ask, shall we
I refuse to do that in this popular representative
j Republic—in a country which boasts that ours is a
land of equality ? Shall we, as the representatives
I of the people, refuse tp do that which has been
