.1849.].
APPENDIX TO TtfE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
141
30th Cong 2d Sess.
Postal Reform—Mr. Goggv,
in.
done already in England by the Lords and Com-
mons—aye, sir, by the privileged orders of that
country where power and prerogative are so rarely
surrendered for tfcre advantage of the community?
i am sure, sir, that we will not present ourselves
in this attitude before the country. The reasons
which served to satisfy the members of the British
Parliament upon this subject, it would appear to
me, should have much greater force here. The
Chancellor of the Exchequer in England, in dis-
cussing this subject, said:
"As to any notioi'i that honorable gentlemen should retain
their privilege under a peViny posUige, they must have a
more intense appreciation ot the value of money, and a
greater disregard of the value of time, than I can conceive,
if they insist on it."
So will say the American people here, if we re-
duce the rates as proposed. One member there
complained that the bill would be taxing him £15
per annum. Another defended the franking privi-
lege of membeis of Parliament, on the ground that
it benefited the poor British subjects in her Majes-
ty's dominions—a very mistaken notion, as the re-
sult has shown; and it was ascertained by the Par-
liamentary committee that one-ninth of the letters
passing through the mails were free; reckoning by
weight, it was in fact shown .that the proportion
of franked letters was thirty per cent. It was fur-
ther exhibited in proof to the country, that before
the dispensation with this privilege, it had been
worth, to some commercial houses, who had seats
in Parliament, through some member of the firm,
the sum of from <£300 to <£800 sterling per annum 1
—that is, from $1,300 to $3,800 of our money.
These privileges and these advantages, however,
were all given up; and the operation of the new
system, with a penny postage, has been shown to
be that which is most beneficial to the poor, to the
privileged orders, to all classes. The issue in
England was directly made between the retention
of the franking privilege on the one hand and low
penny postage on the other. The latter finally
prevailed, as I have already said; and its operation
now for a period of years, has satisfied all classes,
not only of its practicability, but of Us superiority
over all other systems hitherto adopted. The
same issue is tendered here by the friends of cheap
postage; and I confidently rely, that when all the
difficulties are presented, we too shall be able to
overcome them ourselves.
The Postmaster General, in his last annual report,
informs us, that from the first day of October last
to the first of December, there were sent through
the mails, free of charge, about five millions of
copies of speeches and other matter, weighing un-
der two ounces,- and -about *177,000 public docu-
ments, besides the letters written by members
of Congtess as well as those received by them,
written by others. This embraces, as will be seen,
one month before and one month after the Presi-
dential election. Rating the documents at letter
postage, as well as the speeches, and making an
average of their weight, including the letters also,
estimated atspc thousand only for the two months,
all at the rate of five cents, it would give the enor-
mous sum of over half a million of dollars, for which
the department has never received one cent. If
the same number had been sent through the entire
year as were sent in those two months, it would
give us the sum of^over three millions of dollars, as
the value of services rendered by the Post Office
Department in a single year, lor which it has
never received a single cent. An estimate may be
formed of the great burden cast upon the depart-
ment by this system, from an actual account kept
at the Washington City post office.
[Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, here interposed, and
asked Mr. G. if it was right that the people to
whom these documents were sent should pay the
postage on them ?
Mr. G oggin said he had not so argued. His
argument was, that these documents paid nothing
to support this system which gentlemen said must
sustain itself. If it were thought proper, as he
would presently show, provision could be made
for sending documents free to the person receiving
them by paying the postage out of the contingent
fund, as all members now receive a portion #f that
fund to pay for their stationery during the session.
That might be done in regard to their postages also,
by a simple resolution of either House.]
Mr. G. (resuming) said, when I speak of burdens
cast on the department, I*Vnean the consequent in-
creased cost of the transportation from the increased
size of the mails. It is stated,, that in seven days,
(from the sixth until the twelfth day of August
last, inclusive,) 450 bags of free matter, weighing
35,550 pounds, averaging daily 5,078 pounds,
passed through that office alone. This, at the rate
of five cents the ounce, would give the sum of
$21,330 of postage which would have accrued tc
the department at a single office in seven days, if
the whole had been prepaid.
[Mr. Mann, of Massachusatts, here asked Mr.
Goggin.Io yield for a moment; and he having
done so, Mr. M. said that the period selected and
referred to v/as just before or near the day of the
adjournment of Congress, when members ofcourse
are clearing oi^t their rooms and getting ready to
leave for home; they had necessarily to send off a
larger amount of such matter than usual; and was
going on to make other statements, when Mr. G.
said the gentleman must excuse him, as his time
was limited. The date, however, he had himself
referred to, and alfcknew that it was about the pe-
riod of the adjournment. But all that did not affect
the" argument; other periods had been referred to
as well as that, and the facts were as stated.]
Mr. G. (again resuming) said, we are told by
the Postmaster General, and indeed it must be ob-
vious to all, that this immense mass of free matter'
sent through the mails necessarily requires a higher
and more expensive grade of service to enable the
contractors to transport it; that post-coaches must
take the place of other inferior modes of transporta-
tion, and that now it has become impossible to
transport tne nfcails on certain routes unless the
service is changed to double daily four-horse post-
coaches. This additional expense must of course
be paid, and how is it paid? By taxing the cor-
respondence of the entire Union—by keeping up
the rates of postage to sustain the department, that
it may be enabled to carry the free documents, the
free letters, and the free speeches of the members
of the two Houses of Congress, while the people
and all the departments of the Government are
required to pay their postages. And to illustrate
this system, the Commissioner of Pensions, who
writes, for example, to a widow on the subject of
a claim for the services of her husband, has to pay
postage on the letter, while a member of Congress
can send home his speech, a letter to his family, or
his friend, on his-own business, or even a Christ-
mas present, (if not too heavy,) without any charge
at all.
It is said, by way of exemplifying still further
the operation of this system, that one of the Patent
Office reports, of which 55,000 copies were ordered
to be printed a few years since, weighed, including
the wrapper, three pounds each, making 165,000
pounds, br eighty-two and a half tons of what is
called mailable matter. And the report of 1847, to
which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
referred sometime since, was printed to the num-
ber, by the two Houses, of 130,000.
[Mr. Evans, of Maryland, (without rising,) said
that was too much for the weight of the document.
Mr.GoGciN said, the gentleman says I have esti-
mated the weight too high; thatmightbe,but he had
put it at only "half the vveightofone he had referred
to, which it was said had been actually weighed,
and the weight of which was thiee pounds.]
Mr. G. (again resuming his remarks.) This, at
the rate of one and a half pounds to the copy, the
wrapper included, would give near 200,000 pounds,
or one hundred tons of mail matter, going fiee, for
a single document. I do not at all object to the
printing of the report, (said Mr. G.,) for it is cer-
tainly much sought after by the people; but the j
objection is, that the Patent Office itself having a j
surplus fund of its own, amounting to near thirty j
thousand dollars, many thousands of its volumm- j
ous reports have to be transported by the Post j
Office Department free of all charge and without,
contributing anything to pay the sixteen thousand
postmasters who are required to distribute it—
without furnishing the smallest sum to meet the
expenses of mail carriers, the wear and tear of mail-
bags and horse-flesh, stage coaches, mail agents,
and a thousand other incidental expenses. But,
instead of this,all such documents,all free speeches
and letters, if -she law were liberally construed in ^
favor of postmasters, are an actual charge on the ,
department of two cents each, which are paid by if,
or may be paid to all postmasters whose commis-1
Ho. or Reps.
sions do not amount to $500 in a single quaiter of
the year.
Let everything, then, which goes into the mail
pay a fair compensation for the services expected
to be rendered; and if it be necessary that public
documents should be sent without charge, or even
letters, if you please, to and from members of the
two Houses of Congress, while in session, let the
postage be paid out of the contingent expenses of
the two Houses, as he had already said when in-
terrupted by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
J ones.] Let an account be kept of the postage of
each member, and let the country see what it is.
Such an account can be easily kept by the mem-
ber's simply endorsing his name on a letter when
sent by him, and when sent to him, his name of
course will appearupon it. if gentlemen, however,
prefer another mode, Jet a specific appropriation be
made of a given sum for each member; let that
sum be paid him at once; or it may be retained by
the postmasters of the two Houses, to pay the post-
ages of members, just as that officer in this House
now keeps an account of our stationery, and reg-
ularly, in this way, pays over to each of us, out
of the contingent fund, the sum of $25 or $35 for
these purposes, as the session may be a long or a
short one. Again: stamps are provided for in this
bill, as they arc now by law, and members, out of
the contingent fund, can be supplied with them,
in any amount that may be necessary. Any plan
that can be adopted, so as to give the Post Office
Department the benefit of its legitimate revenues,
I will not object to. In regard to documents, if it
be deemed essential that they should go free at all
times, it will be an easy matter to give the Clerk
of the House the power, as he now has, to send
them, with his frank upon them, and also, if
deemed of any importance, with the name of the
member by whom 'sent. But i am clearly of the
opinion it will be better to abolish the privilege
of franking altogether; and that, unless we do,
it is wholly idle to talk about a reduction of the
postage on letters to three cents, and newspapers
to a uniform charge of one, one-half, and one-fourth
of a cent. With this change, however effected, it
might be piovided that memorials and petitions
should be sent to members of Congress, when in
session, free of all charge; and then, I believe, in
the course of a very few years the department
would be able to sustain itself without any further
aid from the treasury in all time. In the course
of the first year the receipts would be, probably,
about §3,000,000, exclusive of the appropriation
of $200,000 for the postages of the Government,
which is now annually made. -The estimated sur-
plus for the year ending the 30th June, 1849, is
$428,336. There would then, upon this estimate,
be at the command of the department the sum
of $3,628,000 (including $200,000 for that year of
the usual appropriation) applicable to the service for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1850. The esti-
mated expenditures for that year are put down by
the department at $4,746,845, which would leave
a deficiency of $1,118,845 to be supplied for the
year ending with June, 1850, based on these calcu-
lations.
In this estimate (Mr. G. said) I have put the
number of letters at 70,000,000, each paying only
three cents; while the number of paying letters
now is 58,069,075. A large number under the bill
proposed, however, will pay five instead of three
cents. The newspaper postage is put down for
the first year at only §750,000, when, under the
present system, it amounts to $767,334. The sum
arising from all sources, consequent on the dis-
pensation with the franking privilege, is estimated
at §150,000 only. It is difficult to make extended
estimates upon the operations of an untried sys-
tem that can possibly approach to accuracy; but
basing my calculations somewhat upon the esti-
mates of others, and piesenting another view, £
have supposed the department would require, if
the system is fully earned out (with the usual
appropriation also)—
For the vear ending 39th June, 1850 $750,000
Do ~ do do J£51  500.000
I).) do do 18.V2.  2yj,000
Do do do 1853  30,000
and that after the last year the department would
be able, from its own resources, to sustain itself
without any further aid, and perhaps would have
a surplus at the end of the next year.
