142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
SOth Cong 2d Sess.
[Feb. 81,
Postal Reform—Mr. 'Goggin.
Ho. of Reps.
These estimates, it will be observed, are all made
upon the supposition that the franking privilege
will cease entirely—that a uniform rate of three
. cents prepaid, and five when not, will be adopted
for all letters of half an ounce, for all distances; that
on newspapers of the usual size also, will be paid a
tiniform^rate of one-half cent for all distances; and
that the sysftem of prepayment on letters would.in-
demnifythe department, to some extent, against the
great-losses which it now sustains from the unpro-
ductive mail matter which is thrown upon it.
Near two millions of dead letters are annually re-
turned to the Post Office Department, upon which
it not only loses the'postage, but has to pay two
petlts each for advertising. This is an addition to
tlie other incidental expenses of the dead letter
office.' An estimate is also made of the newspapers,
pamphlets, and other matter of the like kind which
are never called for in the various offices, amounting
to 5,S98,035. The whole together—letters, news-
papers,&c.—would make the sum of near$180,000
of postages lost to the department under the pres-
entsystem,and themostof which,it was supposed
would be saved under the system of prepayment,
if adhered to throughout, and which is abandoned
as impracticable now.
A reduction in the rates of postage to three
cents, it is supposed, also would bring into the
mails not only an'immense amount of letters and
other matter from an increased correspondence,
l ut it would greatly add to the postages of the
department from an addition to the mails of all the
letters and correspondence now sent by private
expresses. All efforts to suppress private ex-
presses have so far proved unavailing, and it will
ever be so, till postages are reduced to so low a
rate as to put down the business of the smuggler,
who then will have no inducement to cheat"the
department when it is ready to carry his letters as
cheap as the private individual whom he has hith-
erto employed. The cheap postage association of
Boston—in your own city, Mr. Speaker—report
the fact that there are two hundred and forty ex-
presses that go regularly from Boston to the other
towns, distant from three miles to three hundred;
ami that all, or most of them, carry mail matter.
The number of letters in the course of the year, in
that vicinity alone, thus carried, and> the postage
of which is lost to the department, is seven hun-
dred and fifty thousand, or three-quarters of a
million. A system of stringent measures, to pre-
vent these infractions of the law, can never be car-
ried out as long as the private express will carry
a letter at one-half the price which the Govern-
ment charges fur the same service. The only
remedy, therefore, for such an evil is a reduction
of the Government rates, so as to make the depart-
ment the most popular and convenient as well as
reliable channel of communication between the
people themselves. And the committee of the
association, in speaking of the consequenccs of
this illicit mode of communication, well say:
« Tile evils nf such a state or things need not he here set
^ forth. One of the greatest, yet one which would not strike
every mind, is the demoralization of the public mind, in
abating the reverence for laiv and the sense ot gratitude and
honor to the Government."
And in this connection I will remark, that the
objects of a well-regulated system m the adminis-
tration of the department, and which 1 hope will
ever be kept in view, are summed up in a report
made by the committee of this House in 1844, and
to which 1 beg leave to call attention on this occa-
sion. I nis is what they say, in summing up the
advantages of cheap postage, of its blessings:
" To content the man dwelling more remote from town
with 111- homely lot, hy giving him legular and frequent
means of intijrrommuinealion ; to assure the emipant who
plants liis new home on tiie skirts of the distant wilderness,
or prairie, that he is not forever severed fiom the kindred
and society that still share ins interest and love; to pievnit
those Whom the swelling tide of population is constantly
pressing to the outer verge of civilization from heing sur-
rendered to surrounding influences, and sinking into the hun- ,
ter or savage state; to render the citizen, how far soever !
from the scat of his Government, worthy, by proper knowl- |
. ge ,a intelligence, of his important privileges as a sovtr- 1
thC to diffuse, throughout j
ii'iti-nn'-irVi'16 enlightened, social improvement, and 1
tea Z a"> 1 K a' el"7at,"8 "ur Pf«P'e i" tiie scale of civil '
Station, and binding them together in pairiotie affectum."
To show the operation of
rate of postage, I will, while referring to these re- '[remain to the creditof the Post Office 'Department
ports, also advert to another statement in one of I for the ei^ht vears. S2.3Kf) iQfi if u„„i, V„ '
■ "vv ± Will) WI111C IviCilllig IU LltCoO iC
ports, also advert to another statement in one of
them. The ntimb'er of chargeable letters which
parsed through the mails in 1843, was 24,267,552,
yielding the sum of $3,525,268. It is now shown,
also, that the number for the year ending the 30th
June, 1847, was.52,173,480, yielding '$3,188,957.
The first sum, as will be observed, «ias before the
reduction in 1845; the fatter since that reduction.
The reduction therefore, of postage, one-half, has
in two years more than doubled the number of
letters. Again, the Postmaster General tells us in
his report, communicated at the present session,
that the number of paying letters for the year en'd-
l ing the 30th June last was 58,069,075, as before
: stated; yielding, including the appropriation of
$200,000 for the postages of the various depart-
ments, the "sum of $3,550,304. This statement
shows, beyond all' question, that the number of
paying letters has in three years, under the new
system, more than doubled the number-under the
old; and that the revenue unuer the reduced sys-
tem, as compared with the higher rates in 1843,
has exceeded that year by the sum of $25,036.
This, it will be borne in mind, too, is under the
operation of the franking system, which it is pro-
posed now to dispense with. Inl840, it appeared
that the whole number of letters and documents,
making a fair average, on an account kept for part
of the time, was, for thirty-three weeks of the year,
(during which Congress was in session,) 4,781,293.
Besides this, it appears~that 484,555 letters,'exclu-
sive of documents, were received and sent free by
members of Congress in a single fear: the postage
on these, at the former, rates, would have been
§100,000. Remark, too, the increase: in October
and November last, alone, the number, as already
Stated, was over five millions!!! It is also shown,
by accounts kept in the year 1843, that the num-
ber of letters franked and received by other officers
having the franking privilege, was 1,024,068; by
postmasters, also, 1,568,928: -making a total of
! 2,592,998 letters, on which, at 14| cents, the high-
I est average, the postage would have been, under
the old rates, $376,073. Prom which statements
it will be seen, that the loss on free letters, at that
time, was $476,073; this is exclusive of the post-
ages on public documents, weighing, according to
the average accounts kept in 1840, 359,579 lbs.;
the postage on which, (say at 2| cents per ounce,)
would amount to §147,581: making a total of
$623,654 of postage lost to the department in a
single year. The report of a committee of" the
Massachusetts Legislature, made last year, makes
the amount from all these sources $512,500. It
may be fairly estimated, I think, at $568,077,
which is the average between the two sums.
Some place the claim to free postage for Con-
gress, or the franking privilege, upon "the ground
that the Government .heretofore has contributed
large sums to sustain the Department of the Post
i OfRce, and that it now makes an appropriation an-
i ruially to pay the salaries of the Postmaster Gen-
eral and his assistants, and other contingencies.
On examination, we find that the appropriation for
the past year, for these objects, was $179,290. If
we deduct this from the sum of $568,077, the
amount of service performed for which the depart-
; ment gets no pay, the general treasury would be
still rightfully indebted to that of the post office,
, tor the last year, m the sum of §388,787. Again,
; it is urged that because the Post Office buildings
for the use of the department, in this city, were
, erected at the general expense of the treasury, the
j department should therefore be made to carry the
for the eight years, $2,360,196. If we go back for
a period of fifty years only, ("during which this
service has been gratuitously and satisfactorily
rendered,) and making, for that time, only the
allowance; of $200,000 annually, for services ren-
dered by the department—instead of near three
times that amount, as it is now shown to be—we
shall have the general treasury debtor to the Post
Office Department in the sum of $10,000,000. At
the cost actually shown for several years, it would
be near $30,000,000. If gentlemen, then, desire
to settle this great question upon these principles
--upon a basis so narrow—they will see, that
when carried out, it will lead to a result at once
astonishing, and Would actually establish a debt
due by the Government greater than they, 1 am
sure, would be willing to charge upon it. I do
not, however, proceed, in my Views, upon the idea
that the Government is one thing and the Post
! Office another; for that department is, at last, one
i of the functions of the Government; it is a part and
parcel of the great machinery of the system of
government, designed for the public good—a sys-
tem, too, Of itself, in some respects, in which every
part, which makes it perfect as a whole, (if it is to
be self-sustaining,) should be so arranged as to
perform its appropriate ditty without doing the
work of other parts, and without which it never
«an be made to fulfill the expectations of the pub-
The experiment of reducing the rates of postage
and dispensing with the franking privilege, was
made in England in 1840: and what are the facts
j as compared with the results in our own country
| to which I have already alluded > The Parliament-
| a>T Cortimittee, in 1838, state that the number of
chargeable letters passing through the post office
annually, before the reduction, was 77,500,000;
franks 7,000,000; total of chargeable and free let-
ters 84,500,000; the average postage was Id.; the
aggregate receipts annually, for six years endino*
with 1820, were =£2,190,597; for six years endin?
with 1837, they averaged <£2,251,424; while for
the year ending with 1847, under the reduced sys-
tem of Id they were 320,000,000, and the re-
ceipts nearly equal to the old system: showing an
increase m the new"over the old, in about seven
years, of near five hundred per cent, in the num-
ber of letters. Lord Ashburton had said, m the
debate in the British Parliament, it would amount
r\a? sJfnfice of the whole revenue of the Post
Office Department, as, indeed, it was to the treas-
ury, while it benefited the people by "cheapening
correspondence, and was no longer a source of
revenue for general purposes. Mr. McDuffie,
and others also, in the Senate and in this House 
. when the bill of 1845,reducing the rates of postage
| to the present standard, was passed—" protested
against its passage, as a measure more radical
and revolutionary than anything that had ever
been done by Congress." In both nations, how-
ever, the cheap postage system, to a certain extent,
pievailed the results are given—they are before
the country—and the forebodings of the nobles of
-England as well as American Senators, have both „
been shown to be unfounded, as far as it regards
its solid advantages to the public. The operations
of the reduced system m our own country, has
i £Ieni Cr!u 5? if1- commen(tation of the present
- head of the Post Office Department, though he too
whi l,°fiP°St t0 the Passa-?6 of t:law under
which the change was effected. In his last report,
he says: 1 '
'•The present rates of postage will afford ample means to
nut . j .    1
i cheap over a high
correspondence of members of Congress and others il mee' tlli "I:?163 of',nsla2e ,vll< affoni ample means to
at the proper charge of that department alone. {i and leave a s.irplus",fT'
Nows let us see how this will operate, if carried ; part,nent to repay « e uea' rv ih,. 6 1 f® de"
, out. These buildings, erected for the 'accommo- I L.c- "°m "
' uation of the pubfic, it is said, cost the Government ii ~ *
,! lbohf 4750,000. They have been erected about j! the posta.es
, eight years, during which time the department has I: cheap mail «3-tem aflbids of a rapid interchange of,dnt
, been carrying the free correspondence of members i between different and distant sections of the country and
. and others, annually, to the amount of $568,077. !' the consequent increase of knowledge; its influence I'mon
" ^ yeais would make an aggregate of !! s<Kiet!" In,t "ttle, if any, less than that of printing; ,'ts j,n-
$4,044,516; from which deduct $750,000 for the !: f*0"'1"00 t0 every merest, social, commercial, and political
cost of buildings, and $3,794,516 would still remain I! ,,vouk' 3'Mlf5'the answcr t,rat d lo 'er rate of postage should
to the credit of the department; but from this there ;l . a(loPu'd>!tfau 1,(1 done without a depaitmcfrom that
should be deducted also, for eight "years' appiopri- I1 pnnc'i',le heretofore maintained in (he country, that thisde-
alions for the annual expenses out of the general '>ar<""wlt )>e su-tamed from its own ie-omces.
I treasury, a sum amounting each year to <U79 2qfl  I A s.° luulnate|J' connected with all other uiter-
I in eight years to ^1,434,320, and there still 'would ||
