144
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Deo. %
30th Cong 2i> Sess.
Postal Reform—Mr. Goggin.
Ho. of Reps.
rangement, it was hoped, would quiet the fears of
publishers, who seem to have some apprehension
that such an arrangement would injure them, and
-that the burden of daily payments would be im-
posed on them also, to- their great annoyance.
No such thing is contemplated, however. If they
were, in fact, compelled to pay, they would not be
required to do so oftener than once in three months,
and then, instead of counting out "pennies" for
each paper, they would pay ar> aggregate sum for
so many subscribers as they might have. It was
supposed that a system something like this, so far
from prejudicing the publishers, would be advan-
tageous to them, and that the system was well
founded on the great reduction of postages on their
papers.. They could then charge their respective
papers ^at so much, which, including postage,
would still be less than the present charge. This
would of itself naturally induce a system of pre-
payment by subscribers to the publishers, who
would thus save the expense of collectors, and
who would be sure, too, never to make Bad debts,
as theirs would be a cash business altogether,
and, as has been said, " would assist in training
the whole community to the habit of prompt pay-
ment.*5 Anticipating, however, the difficulties sug-
gested by publishers, and not desiring particularly
to retain this feature, the bill has only provided for
quarterly payments in advance by the subscribers
themselves. In this there is no innovation upon
the usages of the department, no change in the law
itself, for the 30th section of the act of 1825 already
provides that" the Postmaster General shall require
* those who receive newspapers by post to pay
' ahvays the amount of one quarter's postage in
* advance."
This bill also provides for the use of stamps,
which, it is supposed, will obviate any dij£oulty
growing out of the scarcity of coppers, or frac-
tional parts of coppers, in all parts of the country.
These stamps, which are neatly engraved to pre-
sent counterfeiting, are provided for, of the'denom-
ination of from one-fourth of a cent to ten cents;
* and it is easy to guard against their use the second
time, by providing each post office with what is
. culled a "canccl stamp," with which the adhesive
atamp is marked as soon as the letter is received
at the office of delivery.
The rates of postage in the new bill are lower
on newspapers, perhaps, than some may think it
proper to adopt; but I am very strongly inclined
to believe that it is one of the kinds of postage
which might be dispensed with altogether, for the
amount of revenue derived from this source is com
paratively very small. It certainly, however, to
some extent aids the revenues of tho department,
and adds something to the compensation of post-
masters it) the country, many of whom are very
poorly paid for the services they perform.
[Here Mr. Strong, of Pennsylvania, rose and
said he desire^ to ask the chairman, [Mr. Gog-
gin,] whether his bill contained any provision for
postmasters?]
Mr. GOGGIN (in continuation of his remarks,
and in reply to Mr. S. also) said, in the event this
bill, or its main provisions are adopted, to prevent
any injustice being- done to this very meritorious
class of officers, and to guard against any diminu-
tion of their little perquisites, it is already provi-
ded that the Postmaster General shall have au-
thority to continue their present compensation, or
m proportion, at least, to the labor they may have
to perform.
[Mr. Strong here expressed his satisfaction at
the statement.]
Many are anxious to have inserted in this bill
(said Mr. Goggin) a provision for the free circu-
lation of newspapers within thirty miles of the
place of publication, or within the county or con-
gressional district where they are printed. While
I have every desire to see the press, in the country
and the small towns, flourish and extend its circu-
lation, I am unable to see any peculiar claims to
exemption from postage to which it is entitled.
I cannot see why a farmer of Virginia living near
the. mountains, thirty-one miles from the town of
Lynchburg, for example, should be compelled to
pay postage on a newspaper, when his neighbor,
who lives only thirty miles from the same place j
shall receive his paper at the same office, but has
only the same interest in the news it contains— |
bears only the same burdens of Government, and
is entitled only to the same protection as his neigh-
bor, should have, by laws passed for his benefit, a
special exemption from newspaper postage. The
man, too, who lives within a few miles of the
market-town where the paper is published, may re-
ceive, under this special exemption, his paper free,
though he has'already the advantages of a market
at his door—the conveniences of a daily personal
intercourse with his merchant, his agent, or his
banker—a knowledge of the state of the markets,
by which in a few hours he is enabled to avail him-
self of a rise in breadstuff's, or any other commer-
cial intelligence—the advantages of schools'and of
churches, always moreabundantin such situations
—to say nothing of the increased value of his lands
j! by reason of all these facilities. Yet the man more
remote, with comparatively few of these advan-
tages, is to be still taxed by his postages, when the
other is exempted. It is a departure, in my esti-
mation, from the very first principles of fairness and
equality—a departure from the fixed idea with
some that distance is a proper basis of "charge"—
a departure at least from the spirit of our institu-
tions, whose general laws should have regard, not to
particular localities, but to the good of the whole
community. Persons, moreover, whp live in the
vicinity of towns, along the lines of stage-coaches,
railroads, and steamboats, have other facilities for
the supply of newspapers, which are not pos-
sessed by those living at a distance and on cross
routes. They receive now, many of them, their
newspapers free of postage, by simply making an
arrangement with the mail-carrier to supply them
as he passes. This is done under the provision of
the law which authorizes the Postmaster General
•to grantthe privilege to contractors to "carry news-
papers, magazines,and pamphlets, other than those
convcyed in the mail." I cannot, therefore.see the
propriety or justice of a measure that is still further
to benefit one class of persons at the expense of
another. Again, sir, if this sending of newspapers
free of postage within thirty miles of the place of
publication shall prevail, the consequence will be,
that most of the postmasters within that distance
will resign, and no one properly qualified can be
got to discharge the duties of these offices. This
was the case to a great extent when this law
was passed in the year 1845, and produced such
very general dissatisfaction that it was repealed in
a very short time. The cause of this discontent
among the postmasters was occasioned by heavy
losses in their commissions, mainly derived by
many of them, as they are, from the postage on
newspapers, the commission on these and all mag-
azines and pamphlets being fifty per cent. As the
rates of postage are so much reduced by the bill
under consideration, should it pass it will be diffi-
cult, I have no doubt, to induce many of them,
under any circumstances, to retain their places;
but the reduction should, without any other ad-
vantages, at least satisfy the readers of newspa-
pers nearest the place of publication; andthe post-
masters, it is hoped, will be willing to look for
the increase of their pay in the increase of mail
matter in a few years, and be for the present satis-
fied with the provision which is contemplated by
the authority given the Postmaster General, as I
have already explained, (said Mr. G.,) to make
provision, under particular circumstances, against
any diminution of their compensation, and that
it shall be under the new law as it is at the close
of the last quarter of the present year (ending m
June) under the old. A provision is made in
this bill also, that there shall be established in
those cities and towns, where the business will
justify it, places of deposit for all letters, &c., in-
tended to go to the post office to be mailed, and that
they shall, be taken from these places and mailed
by those in the employment of the office free of
charge, in bags closed to all except the officers
themselves; that all letters, and newspapers also, !
as far as practicable, shall be delivered by such |
persons, to those to whom addressed, (for which
the postmaster shall direct the carrier to charge
two cents,) unless persons shall otherwise direct..
It is proposed to do this as a part of the regular
business of the office; not so much with the view
to the accommodation of others, as for the con-
venience of the post office itself. It is said, seventy-
five millions of letters are thus delivered in the
city of London annually. It will be the means,
here, of bringing into our mails also, as thersj
much of rightful postage that is now lost, because
of the difficulty,, frequently, of sending letters a
great distance, in cities, to be mailed, and for the
want of proper facilities of getting Jetters from the
office. It is'supposed that the delivery of letters
and other mail marter may be accomplished by
,the postmasters, in the cities, by carriers who shall
be under their control, and who shall receive for
their compensation the sums which will be paid
for the letters, etc., delivered by them. These car-
riers will regularly assist in assorting the mails,
and in the removal of all mail matter to the post
offices, from the places selected for its deposit:
such places, of course, will be chosen as will suit
the general convenience of those residing in a given
neighborhood, such as an apothecary's establish-
ment, or some public place where the owner or
occupant would not object to its location at his
store or his shop, for the reason that it would
rather benefit than injure him. Such persons also
might be intrusted with the disposal of postage
stamps; being furnished with them by the Post
Office Department at a small discount. In this
way, all letters, &c., deposited could be paid at the
place of deposit, by means of these stamps, pro-
cured on the spot, and an infinite deal of trouble
would be avoided; the crowds at the city office
would be diminished, and a rapid delivery of letters
effected; a change no doubt desirable to all. The
details of such a system, of course would be left
to the direction of the department itself.
Another subject of great interest to many is that
of Ocean postage, which is provided for also in this
bill. A want of a uniform rate between this and
foreign countries is seriously felt in the adjustment
of this difficult subject. It is fell also m the differ-
ent rates now charged on foreign postages and our
own, as applicable to California and Oregon, where
the charge on a letter is forty cents. The Post-
master General has suggested a uniform late of
fifteen cents; and it is submitted to the considera-
tion of Congress, called on, as it nowis, to regulate
the whole subject of postage. I am inclined myself
(Mr. G. said) to favor the suggestions of the head
of the department in this particular, and have ac-
cordingly prepared, to be inserted in the bill, a
provision to that effect, fixing the rate lately agreed
on in a postal treaty made with England since the
passage of the retaliatory law of the last session of
Congress. The same section of the bill also makes
provision for raising or lowering tfie rates,of post-
age between this and other countries where no postal
treaty exists, whenever the postal regulations of
such countries may render it immediately necessa-
ry, and when Congress may not be in session as
suggested also by the head of the department.
1 have now, Mr. Speaker, referred to some of
the principal leading features of this bill, and have
| endeavored to present the views which I entertain
t myself. In regard to them, I am well aware I
have said but lutle, as time will not allow me to
go fully into all the explanations. I will endeavor,
however, in the course of the consideration of the
I different sections of the bill, (should it be acted
| upon at all,) to add any explanations which I can
| give the House or the committee; remarking now,
; however, that many verbal and other amendments
I have suggested themselves to my mind, as no
! doubt they have to others, since this bill was
printed. These will be noticed at the proper time,
when we shall proceed to vote upon the various
sections of the bill. I hope, in conclusion, to
have the aid of all who fee 1 an inteiest in this
subject, in proposing any modifications for the
better, having no wish, as I said, to forestall the
opinions of the committee, or of any member of
this House. I sincerely desire to see a bill passed
reducing ^he rates of postage; and whether it be
this or some other bill, founded on just, fair, and
equitable principles, is a matter wholly immaterial
to me, as it will be to the country.
Mr. G. said, in order to obviate the difficulty
of moving so many amendments, I propose to sub-
stitute a new bill for that first introduced by me,
as 1 have said, embracing the amendments, which
I shall move in lieu of the original -bill, and shall
ask that the substitute be printed by the House,
as it has already been by the public journals. I
feel very confident the substitute will'be more ac-
ceptable to the committee, to the House, and to the
people, as it certainly is more in accordance with
my own views.
